4	They likely have some issues to work out, but they are a new establishment. The trend here, as evidenced by the Wynn, is non-theming. One concern that some might have is that the Aria, and City Center, look nothing like Vegas.
4	I stayed one night at Aria, on opening night, and checked out most of the bars and common areas in the place.  The room was quite nice and very high tech.  Like the rest of the hotel, decor is muted and brownish.  Walking in, the curtains open to do a reveal of the view over the strip (Bellagio is a few buildings away) and the other City Center buildings/pool. Music started playing etc...it was actually very cool. You can customize everything and save your profile so the temperature/music/lighting etc will be ready for your next visit.  You can also do fun things like set your wake-up to: warm up to x temperature, gradually turn the lights up, open the curtains and play 80's pop.  Ha!The bathtub is killer and the shower sucks...they took the water conservation shower-head a bit too far.  Products kind of suck but they'll bring you free hairspray and other extras...i.e. lots of selection.Bed, minibar, desk, all great, room was quiet with no traffic noise so i think the windows were well sealed and built.  The hotel is overall a bit boring...very brown and tan, someone said it felt more like the Hong Kong airport which I have never seen. It's nice, but not as cool looking as the Wynn's, Bellagio.  But, it's more relaxing too.  Kind of reminded me of a more grown-up boring Palms and THEHotel.  The lobby and common area lighting is a bit bright and not sexy.  There were some nice looking shops, a colorful snack store, Union Bar was cool, Gold Lounge was great, City Bar too.  I'd love to try the Michal Mina restaurant...which had a wicked cool cactus garden in the hallway outside.  The casino looked appealing and not too garish or loud, very tasteful.  The gym was nice, though the selection of cardio equipment annoyed me.  No decent ellipticals for example.  The treadmill was cool though; it had an adjustable fan to cool you off which is great in the dry weirdness of vegas.  Machines were very nice, staff was excellent.  The spa looked great though I only went in to get the fresh fruit and juice. Overall, I wasn't blown away but the place is classy and tasteful, probably very appealing to yuppies.  Rooms are new and very nice so if the price is right I'd definitely stay there over Venetian, Bellagio or other aging more trashed hotels.  I'll check out the nightclub Haze when it opens too.Since we were there celebrating opening night, I received some complimentary desserts in my room.....and the chocolate creation was one of the most outrageously delicious things I have ever tasted!!  They have a really famous pastry chef with a french sounding name, and a fancy chocolate/candy/cake store in the casino.  The chocolate was all shaped and dusted in gold, and the white chocolate had silver glitter on it....and it was SO, so, so good that I took most of it home for my husband, which is something I NEVER do.....save leftovers let alone take them on a plane home...it was just that good!! Check out the chocolate shop!
5	I have traveled to all the major resort & casino's in Vegas during my 20+ years growing up out here and I cannot begin to describe the beauty of Aria. Everything from the restaurants to the hotel to the driveway is state of the art and top notch. The serivce is also 5 star which is amazing for an MGM/Mirage resort.
2	Came to opening at midnight last night.  My wife, her friend and I were among the first hundred or so in. We basicly just followed the throng through the casino till we found some video poker to slide into. I actually did alright but both of them lost. That was the good part. Now the bad.     We have been staying all week long at the Pallazo but thought it would be exciting to spend the first ever night in a new place, so we booked the last night in town here. Got here around 9am to check in and found out our reservation had been booked with a card that we had voided, so it took a half- hour combined brainpower of the receptionest and manager to figure it out. Also some computer glitches weren't helping, but finally got it squared away. So when we got to the door and swung it open, I was prepared to be floored, but was underwhelmed. Room not that big; dirty windows for a new place; soiled carpets from construction, I believe. Safe is in nightstand, but was covered withdust. Also dust on shelves. Went to check out the flat panel TV and it does not work at all. It is hooked to the Controll4 unit, butcould'nt make it work, even pushing buttons on side of TV itself. Two of the lights worked backward with control4. Looked for guest info in guest services binders, but they were empty. Also no stationary in desk drawer. Shower looks kinda cool, with tub and shower seperate but in same stall. Haven't showered yet with their low flow nozzle so hope I canrinse shampoo out of my hair. Also it is suppose to be a " smart" room key that remembers your temp, light settings, etc whenever you return to your room, even if it is months away.     All in all, palazzo is much nicer ( and cheaper- we were comped there, $300 here) and as a previous reviewer said, they weren't quite ready to open
1	2 words to describe this joint:SNOB CENTRAL!Went here on the opening weekend just to pop in and see what Aria was going to be bringing to Sin City.  Overall not impressed.  Wanted to have one drink in their "Deuce" Lounge which we ended up calling the DOUCHE LOUNGE.  The clientele...wow.  The staff...get off your high horse - you work here I'm sure you don't own any shares in the company!  They were being very rude to everyone.  Even the guy that follows the servers around to point a flashlight so the dumb bimbos can see....snob....wow. I was with a couple that have LOTS of money but don't act the part and they basically tried to make us order bottle service after taking a brief seat to take a look at the overpriced drink menu.  Drinks came and there was lots of pressure to move ASAP and the drinks were not at all well made.  I have been to many high end hotels in Vegas but this one is high end with tons of 'tude.If I could give it ZERO stars I would.Go to the Wynn, Mandalay Bay, Venetian - much more beautiful hotels and they know how to treat their customers.Happy Holidays! :)
3	beautiful architecture!! the view of aria after valet parking was breathtakingstayed from friday to sunday - hotel is not operating at 100% yet.. still have technical difficultiesroom didnt have pens.. towels were so new or cheap the lint rubs off on skin, the guest service and room service menus were EMPTY, phones didnt work - had to use my cell to call for services.. very high tech roomwe didnt get our booked 2 queen room - only king bed available hotel has a vanilla scent as soon as u enter.. somewhat better than cig smell.its a nice place - just need to get the kinks out
2	I stayed at Aria Dec 18-20th. I expected some kinks since it was their opening weekend, but my experience was far more painful than than suffering few some kinks. First of all, we had to change rooms 4 times. Yes- 4 times. Some of the low-lights: paint splattered on the floor, carpet that was SOAKING wet for unknown reasons, windows so dirty we could not see out and one bed didn't have a comforter. All of that didn't really raise my frustration level, but during one moves we called down and they told us that they had updated our card keys and to go to our new room. The keys didn't work and when we asked for help from a hotel worker, they called down and the front desk said they were sending someone to help us. No one showed up and after 40 minutes, we went back down to the front desk.The worst part about our stay was that in our final room we did not have hot water in our shower. This was not fixed until Saturday evening. The hotel gave us lots of resort credit and we got a break on our bill. The front desk was very helpful and the hotel staff was great, the hotel was just not ready to open. Beyond the difficulties we experiences our room, the hotel was fine. it's not mind blowing, but it's a very nice hotel. The gaming area is dark and feels small- but is actually quite large. The Aria shops area (Crystals?) was pretty weak. It's too upscale for 99% of consumers- I don't understand the appeal of it. Food: Excellent tapas from Julian Surrano. Easily the best I've ever had. Also tried the ice cream place on the promenade floor-ok, not great. We also hit the buffet- pretty decent food and lots to choose from. Lots of different proteins from prime rib, lamb, duck, oysters, snow crab, shrimp, sushi. Everything was good, clean and held at the right temperature. The food was good for a buffet, but I wouldn't rate is as highly as Bellagio's. Also- don't waste your time on the tram. It goes no where and you'll spend more time getting to/from the tram then you would of if you walked. Lastly, while Aria is on the strip, its location is set back quite a bit from the street. Walking out of the hotel to anywhere is a trek- which is saying a lot considering walking anywhere on the strip isn't a quick walk. I probably will not stay at Aria again. It's just not the hotel for me- not to say it's not new, flashy and interesting- it is. It's just not all that inviting to me.
4	I had the pleasure of staying here during opening weekend. I knew it was going to be nice and new, but I knew not to expect perfection.  All I knew was that I was excited to stay at Aria.  The hotel itself is very modern and architecturally appealing. If you appreciate the design in architecture, you will understand what I mean. It didn't feel like Vegas inside; I guess it was because I'm used to the gaudiness in some of the other nicer hotels. But I like it. Simple, modern and technologically advanced. Signage seemed to be a problem as it felt like forever when trying to find the hotel lobby from the self-parking garage. I guess they only anticipated people taking taxi's or using valet upon arrival.One complaint about checking in; a staff member had an open sign but seemed to be deeply involved with something else. "I'll be with you in just a minute" was more like "I'll be with you never." We were standing there waiting and that jerk face didn't even apologize or look up after saying anything to us, but we found someone else who was more accommodating of our presence. It was obvious she was conscious of her training as she handed me the pen, making sure the Aria logo was facing me. I'm sure once they get in the groove of things, they'll be well seasoned.My room. The real moment of truth for me. Upon entering you have to swipe your card on the reader to unlock the door. Nice touch. I open the door and the curtains automatically open, tv and lights turn on and I am slightly amazed. It is a decently sized room for double occupancy, perfect for one. I had a king size bed and it was perfect; if two queens were in there, it might be a different story. Bathroom is gorgeous. Love dual vanity sinks. Love the oval drop in tub and shower in one enclosed area. Shower head was a little low pressured but it was fine in getting me clean and temp was perfect. Love their towels too, very soft and kind of ribbed. I understand it is a LEED certified hotel, so good for them. Closet had two robes and two luggage stands. Touch screen remote. Nice. And it is even personalized as it shows your name on the screen. There is a little bit of a lag when scrolling through the channel guide but I really wasn't there to watch tv. It's nice to have all those music genre options though. Oh and the alarm option, totally customizable; the best part of my stay was waking up to the curtains opening and tv turning on. Not some loud ass ringing or buzzer. That was the perfect way to get my ass out of bed being as comfortable as it was. Down filled pillows and a comfy mattress. I slept like a baby for those few hours of sleep.Light switches on each side of the bed is great! "Good night" option turns off everything in the room, even closes the curtains. I love how they don't have those signs you hang on the door for privacy/service. Just press a button and "privacy" lights up outside in red or "service" lights up in green.Even though it is a little bit of a walk to get to the strip, I'd stay here again, especially since I'm excited to check out the new club Haze and Eve at Crystals. To give you an idea, it took me about 15 minutes to walk from hotel lobby to bellagio. Although, I suppose I could've taken the tram at Crystals. Walking allows you to check out the exterior views of the City Center and all its glass.
4	Aria isn't for everyone.  Really, if you don't like it, then go back to your usual digs at Excalibur.  Or get your free drinks and $5 blackjack tables at Circus Circus.But if you want to romance the hell out of your date Vegas-style, then Aria certainly beats Bellagio, Wynn, Venetian, and Mandalay Bay hands-down.  From the elevator interiors to the benches by the hotel registration to the gold playing card dividers that mark the poker room, Aria is all about opulence.Yes, it's brown inside.  It's warm.  It's sophisticated.  Anyone wanting some place where you can walk around the casino floor trying to look cool with your cardboard case of Budweisers, please, go elsewhere.  I like that the restaurants and lounges are really set back off the casino floor.  They blend in with the casino floor.  The poker room is beautiful and well-spaced...dimmer than Bellagio, but more elegant than Red Rock.But really, the most amazing thing here is the Sports Book.  (I almost hate saying that, because now tons of sports fans will be flocking there and taking my seat).(I'm sure my opinion of Aria will change with future visits...especially if I decide to stay there overnight.  Since there are still parts under construction, I wouldn't be too harsh on Aria.  For those expecting perfection from the very beginning obviously don't appreciate the sheer amount of effort it took to design such a colossal project and make sure it's doors were open before Christmas.)
1	My stay was so bad that I will simply copy and paste part of an email I sent to management.  To sum it up, I had no service at the front counter, a dirty room, no towels, dirty bathroom, locked out of the room waiting in the hallway for it seems like an eternity and told that they could do nothing but have me wait, then sent to a second room that was dirty again with a non working remote control! WTF! I shot 2 videos of my experience which are up on youtube and the management on shift did not seem to care.  I have video of me telling them that I have video of the crappy service and they didn't even want to view it at all! Ridiculous, definitely.  Our past 2 stays at Bellagio, a sister property of theirs (MGM) and Wynn(Encore) have been excellent.   My recent stay at Aria was alarmingly bad. In the past 8 years I've been frequenting Las Vegas, I have not complained once about hotels I've stayed at. I started my experience on the 20th of December with nobody greeting us at the front desk check in with lanes open. We eventually walked up to the attendant (with her head down not looking at customers) and got our room. The room was dirty with dirty shower and hair all over and no towels. Also, we had to call for the in room dining menu since no folios were filled, just empty shells. On our 2nd night we were locked out of our room and then told that the entire key creation system was down so we waited for someone to let us in. Problem: nobody was sent up to help let us in. We iPhone searched for the front desk again and got someone up there eventually, who ended up unable to help. Cue second master key holder and I started shooting videos via iPhone to show this service. She also said there is nothing to do but wait. My gf had stomach problems and needed to get in to our room we paid for but we could only wait as she was unable to do anything. Cue locksmith and finally we get in. Since the entire key lock system was dead in 21224, we were moved to 33121. Good luck with that, because not only was that room dirty when we walked in but the remote control didnt work. I called in to have it fixed while we gambled and the remote in the second room was stood upright but still did not work. Our past 2 stays were at Bellagio, a sister property and Wynn, both of which were great experiences. Never in my Vegas experiences have I encountered such ridiculous service. I've included the YouTube links below of my key lockout experience for you to view. The assistant manager on shift did not seem to care about my videos but I think the public will. I hope this will shed some light on my displeasure and you will understand that I could not imagine how service can run like that in a high level casino. I hope you can give me an explanation on how this is worthwhile of the money I spent to visit your establishment and how the service was in the videos I've made.
1	After a recent stay at Aria I can see the potential, but would recommend staying elsewhere and just visiitng the casino for the time being.I returned a few days ago from a 12-day Vegas trip, the last half of which was spent experienced the first week of "Aria". While I found the property visually stimulating, the rooms well designed and comfortable, and the casino fun at times, the inconsistency of service was a real dealbreaker.  It wasn't so much the understandable technical foibles of a newly unveiled hotel, but more the lack of basic attention to detail on the part of the staff.Some of the annyoing blunders:#1  Early check-in quoted upon reservation was not honored.#2  Entire plumbing of sink had to be replaced in room, it was draining directly onto the floor.#3  While in my room another guest assigned the same room walked in on me.#4  While in my room a housekeeping supervisor walked in on me.#5  While in my room a minibar attendant walked in on me.#6  While all but one of these people were in my room, the room "rebooted" causing all lights to go off and shades to close, leaving it completely dark.  I was not groped.  I won't say if I groped anyone.#7  I was locked out of my room for 90 minutes due to a lock malfunction, even security could not get in.#8  I was locked out of my room again for 60 minutes for the same reason.#9  When I decided to upgrade to the sky suites I was assigned a room that did not exist causing me to shlep my bags up and down the hallway to the point of sweat running down my neck.  This one is classic.  Not sure why certain room number didn't exist but they don't.  How could they assing one?  Another mystery?#10  upon seeking ice I found my floors ice machine did not work#11  upon checking other floors I found their ice machines did not work.#12  upon ordering ice from room service I was delivered 2 empty buckets.#13  upon ordering room service food I was delivered an incorrect order with missing items/accompaniments with two additional empty buckets.#14  I somehow ended up with two more empty ice bucket in the middle of the night for a total of 7 ice buckets.#15  The room service guy could not turn on my ice machine in my bar fridge.#16  In the morning when I called for room service tray pickup and ice again I waited over 2 hrs 15min and the dude showed up empty handed.  Not even a tray or cart to remove the dishes.....HUH?#17  I asked the housekeeping supervisor not to clean my room at all the given day because I had numerous personal glassware items out for a scotch tasting party which I didn't want getting "bussed".#18  despite my request a housekeeper was in my room upon my return for the party.#19  I woke up freezing in the middle of the night as the housekeeper doing turndown had taken and not replaced my comforter.  I stumbled in late and passed out and assumed I'd kicked the blanket to the floor, when I finally had the energy/awareness to look for it I realized I was sleeping with a thin sheet, no comforter in the whole room!#20  When I called for a comfortor no one came until the random housekeeper coming to clean my room.  I asked her for a comforter and a guy brought me a scragly rag that didn't match the set and was NO WHERE NEAR as nice as the comforter I had originally.#21  While playing $75/hand blackjack I was told i would not be comped cigarettes, but not only did I need to pay for them, I needed to pay in 8 single $1 bills due to the cocktail waitress needing to buy them from a machine.#22  At the buffet I got one drink right when I sat down and sat 20 min with an empty diet coke.#23  At the Cafe my waiter went on break and I waited forever for my check, the food also sucked.#24  Another time I ordered room service the food was very cold.  I'm not picky, lukewarm is fine.  It was cold.#25  When I checked in it took forever, the lady had never "done" something involved with my checkin.#26  When I toured the spa they told me only daily passes were available, yet I later found out 3-day passes were available.  Every time I checked in, just using gym and wet areas, it took forever.#27  When I hit a hand-pay jackpot on a machine it took forever to get paid, and then I didn't even get cash, I got a TITO I had to take to the cage.  I ended up getting to meet about 6 supervisors while they figured it out though.Ok so I ended up just saying eff it and checking out a day early for the so called 5-Star Sky Suites Luxury section of the Aria Hotel.  I have a more detailed version of the escapades on a live trip report as they happened, with pics and video:http://www.vegasmessageboard.com/forums/showthread.php?t=50723&page=15
4	My family and I stayed here over Christmas.Kimberly H's review is definitely what my experience was. My family and I don't go to Vegas to gamble, so the ambiance, the proportions, the lofty airy feelings, the architecture are definitely in a class way beyond any other major Vegas resort out there so far. In particular - it looks extremely lavish - but not gaudy (like every other "luxury" resort here - Wynn, Bellagio, Venetian, etc).Check-in was a bit hectic since no apparent lines were delineated. However Helen was very nice and asked us if our room numbers were okay (they were not, and she politely changed our room numbers), and when I saw that my discount on the room rate had not been applied - she pulled a manager, Tiffany, who was immediately able to hear out our request and change the room rate per what I only had a verbal confirmation of back in October.A few small kinks needed to be worked out - but never having to wait behind a crowd for your elevator and not getting overwhelmed with running across the hotel to this tower or that tower to get to your hotel room was wonderful.  Parking was easy and simple - and it was nice not needing to stare at a huge parking structure for once as entrances were underground and were front and center to the entrance (my only qualm is that there isn't any sort of access to self-park from the Harmon side - you have to enter from the strip to self-park... or do the valet).The room - is so technologically advanced, and was awesome to stay in. Even our "bad view" was of Vdara and Harmon Ave and the Palms and the mountain-side of Vegas, not some interior of a building and a bunch of ventilations machinery. I should have brought my HDMI cables and hooked up my peripherals to the flatscreen on the wall. Everything went extremely smoothly in terms of our stay.Overall - regardless of the cheap cheap rate for the few nights we stayed, this was a wonderful experience and one of the best I have had in Vegas (disclaimer being that we usually just stay in standard guest rooms).
1	why one star?let me tell you why1. $15 internet use per day plus tax.2. $30 refrigerator use per day plus tax.   if you call for a frig to be brought up to your room.  the frig in your room is packed and any item you remove you will be charged instantaneously and when your not in the the room the mini bar people will come and remove the items from your room and take it down stairs for you to make sure you get charge for them. so forget about taking  any thing to put in the frig even meds if your sick.3. no kids under 5 years old are allowed in any restaurants they have except for the cafe. 4. Cost for day care... well they don't have day care. cost for nanny $45 dollars an hour minimum of 4 hours. don't why 4 hours but yet another rule.5. no pool.. you have to used to the pool at one of there other MGM hotels.6. no baggage claim at north valet so if you end up at the north valet you have to take your bags to the hotel front and walk for 30 mins with bags trying to figure out where your going. 7. inexperience staff .  noff said.8. you can't go in the crystal shopping area through the hotel. you have walk out of the hotel to get there. so hot summers and cold winters good luck. 9. $25 hotel fee. feel lucky that there is no baggage fee.10.  it will take a tecki expert 1 hour to figure how to use the central remote for the room. a none teck person well good luck.11. $30 charge if you have more than 2 people staying in the room per night. that is per person. you have 4 people in one for 2 night they'll charge you $120 plus tax. 12. on the plus side thy have lots of HD channel like lifetime. but it takes 3 seconds to change each channel very time consuming to see whats on tv.13. no DVR14. cool touch screen menus but the touch screen technology is not very good. have to press one button 3 to 4 times before you can execute a demand. 15. when i was there the phones weren't working to call the front desk for to get room service.  so i went  to main lobby to use the emergency phone and the cooler was basting me on the head. I waiting 45mins for the front desk to pick up the phone. had to hang up and call again.  told them about the problems in my room and they didn't even comp anything like a $5 coupon to the buffet.  they could at least give a dog a bone when they knew the phone lines are not working.  16. it took an hour for the baggage claim for them to bring my bags to my car and this is after i went back and front talking to every one to see where my bags were.  very frustrating. and no they didn't give me anything for losing my bag for an hour. MGM spent $5.5 billion on the city center project and they are hurting so they are trying to squeeze every dime out of you with out giving anything back.17. min of $40 per person if you want to eat there and that for the buffet. if you want to eat at the restaurant it will be a min $70 per person with out drinks.  get ready to dish out some cash if you want to stay at this hotel.18. most of the house games have a $100 min bet.  you can find $15 blackjack if you look for it. 19. The staff was telling me that some guest had no running water and the peep hole was just a hole in the door. I mean the staff didn't have a walk trough before they let people in.    20. to get the %10 percent off for the room from AAA membership you need a valid card and trust me they check it like 4 times.  21. if you get the cheapest rate and stay there for 2 night and not use anything at the hotel you will pay $500 min. average rate for 2 night is $1500. not the wort the cash to stay here. trust me skip this one and stay somewhere else.
5	So it's pretty shitty for so many of you to give them a bad review when they just opened...... I doubt any of you would be able to get a casino/hotel/restaurant up and running perfectly on your own.  At least give them a chance to get all the kinks out and timing down before giving them one star.We did not stay here, so I can't say anything about the hotel specifics, but this place was absolutely beautiful inside and out.  We ate at the cafe twice this week - the food was great.  They were a little slow the first night but they did continuously apologize and explained to us the night we were there first that this was their first rush of people.  Makes sense to me.  Fountains out front and waterfall on the front face of the building can be watched for hours. Inside Crystals many of the stores are not yet open but the architecture in there is crazy.I see others complaining about children not being allowed in the restaurants and the expensive cost of a nanny...... here is a tip for you.  DO NOT BRING YOUR KIDS TO VEGAS!  Vegas is not for children.  Children running around Vegas ruin my vacation. Also, bringing your children to Vegas make you a horrible parent.  Vegas is not for children.  They should be ostracized from all establishments.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed at Aria this past weekend, arriving last Christmas night. I haven't been to Vegas since construction started on the City Center. As we drove up to it in the taxi, I was amazed at the sight of it. There is a little fountain outside with lights and a waterfall that many people were taking pictures of. Traffic control outside Aria seemed to be quite efficient, and is very reminiscent of an airport terminal as Rob P. said. Check-in took a ridiculously long time; I think it was just our luck. No matter what line we would have waited in, I'm sure we'd have picked the wrong one. I felt that the check-in process reflected the new-ness of the hotel and service staff. The lobby is beautifully decorated, very modern in taste, though the seating areas don't look very comfortable at all. If you look above the check-in table along the window, you'll see a sculpture that is supposed to be a model of the Colorado river (or so I'm told). After getting the keys to our room, we headed through the casino to the guest elevators. The casino area is very dark, no matter what time of day it is. Our room was on the 9th floor, and it seemed like forever to get to it. There is only 1 set of elevators; I would have welcomed elevators on both sides of the hotel itself to cut down the long journey back to our room after a full day of walking. Anyway, we had a Deluxe non-smoking room. We were in awe as we entered the room and looked around. First off, you can just hold the key up to the panel on the door to unlock it. No swiping needed. There is also a control panel inside that can be set to "Privacy" or "Service" instead of little signs hung outside your door. The bathroom is spacious. There is a private area for the toilet (though you can still sort of see through the smoked glass) and the shower also contains a tub area for soaking (I made use of this every night!). the room was also very spacious, the bed very comfortable. The lights and curtains in the room (including the bathroom) can be controlled by a touchscreen panel at the side of the bed. This made for a very comical moments when boyfriend was in the bathroom and suddenly the lights would go out :)  I enjoyed the room very much. You get huge closets, with two hotel robes, luscious towels, a hair dryer. The only thing I missed was slippers! I would have really loved to have slippers too. Bath salts or bubbles would have been a nice touch too, although they are for sale in the gift shop.The service at the hotel I would say is average. The people who serviced our room were wonderful. I appreciate the little details such as putting down little foam doilies (i dont know what else you'd call them) under our toilettries so that none of the countertops would get scuffed. Downstairs in the Casino, the hostesses were a little too attentive, sometimes getting in your way while you're at the tables. They also have no idea where anything is in the hotel yet either. Boyfriend asked for directions to Barmasa and was pointed in the complete wrong direction. Still some kinks to work out overall, but Aria as a whole is very promising. Another thing that bothered me was the fact that I can't cross the street in front of City Center. Crosswalks are equidistant from the entrance, so you lose either way. Unless you decide to play frogger in the middle of traffic. One bit of advice if you decide to stay at Aria, there IS a back entrance!! Our last cabbie was nice enough to tell us this, and it was SO much more convenient and less of a hassle getting back to Aria from Rio this way. Aria is probably one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed at. I loved how modern it was, how clean and new everything is. I don't think there is a gimmick to this hotel like the others on the Vegas strip, except that it's new and shiny, and definitely attracts a crowd. I'd say it's worth checking out, and if you have the opportunity to stay here, you should give it a try :)
1	Aria is by far the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. here are some reasons why:- took an hour to check in- booked a room with double queen, but was told its not available and was instead given a king with a roll in- carpet in the room was stained with white spots all over- vent above toilet in the bathroom was not closed, exposing all kinds of pipes and etc.- remote to control entire room does not work- 45 minutes to reach the front desk- spoke to the manager and was upgraded to a "sky suite". waited another 1+ hour to get set up in our new "sky suite"- "sky suite" room turns out to be the same size as our regular room, just a farther walk from the elevator in another tower.- was told keys were transferred over- keys didn't work, got new keys. second set of keys didn't work.- ended up with 12 keys that didn't work. locked out of room in the middle of the night- employees don't know where anything is and don't try to figure it out. instead they just say "sorry i don't even know..." instead of "i don't know but let me find out for you" - horrible service at cafe, we asked to move one table over because we had 1 person joining us at a 4 person table and they denied us because that section was "closed" even though the table was 2 ft away.i do understand that they are new but at least train your employees to know the layout of the casino before you open?also to the guy complaining about no DVR, i don't know which hotels you've stayed at but i've never seen hotels with DVR. also the entrance to the crystals mall is 10 ft away from the aria door so its not that far of a walk in crazy weather conditions..the remote in the room is very straight forward, the person saying it takes a tech genius to operate it is obviously just complaining to complain.
5	Review is for ARIA Skybox SportsbookBest Sportsbook in Vegas.  The most seats, screens and best place to watch any non-horse games in Vegas.  Unlike other Vegas books, they keep the horse racing to less than 10% of the viewable screens, and they are relegated to a single back wall with ~40 horse specific seats.  On ARIA's opening weekend Sunday with a full slate of NFL games, the book was packed with over 200 people.  Leather high-back benching runs around the outside of the room to allow for lots of seating.  Very comfortable reclined chairs fill the rest of the floor.  The walls are filled with all high-def screens ranging from ~ 60" on the "accent" screens to ~120" on the main screens.  The main wall holds two separate sections of 4 of the 120" variety which are in turn each surrounded by 8 of the 60"ers.  An amazing assortment of options, truly no poor seat in the house.  The only complaint, and not one major enough to deduct from a perfect score, is the betting menu itself is on screens requiring a 40 degree neck strain to see above the ticket windows.  Even for my young body and perfect vision, the offerings were difficult to read.  I'd prefer a few less TV's on one wall and a line menu similar to NYNY or most other books.Four cocktail waitresses worked the floor offering free drinks (high-end too).  You can order food from the Skybox restaurant next door which is a tad pricey but very tasty bar fare.
2	Bellagio.  Wynn.  Caesar's Palace.  Aria.  Trump International.One of these does not belong.  Can you guess?If you guessed Trump, you're somewhat right since they don't have a casino.But if you guessed Aria... DING DING DING DING DING, you're correct!  Too bad I can't give you your prize ;)Don't get me wrong.  Aria is a decent hotel... but I just don't get a good vibe while staying there, you know?  And I'm all about good vibes.  Like Rob P. and Marne S. said already, the place looks like an airport terminal.  And that's before you even check out Cafe Vetra, their 24-hour restaurant.  The cafe looks like LAX with random weird glass tunnels in various sizes placed around the floor -- what a waste of space.  But alas, this review is not of the cafe, but the hotel.It's definitely not a luxurious hotel... and I definitely don't feel safe walking around in the casino at night.  Why?  Because I have never encountered as many pervs as I did while staying here.  I am not 21, yet men were approaching me in several interesting ways.  One meowed at me, one tried to grab at me while walking by me, and another asked if I like to "party hard" at Aria's 24-hour convenience store.  I told him I was underage and he quickly stuttered that he was joking and ran off to pay for his drink.  I understand this is not the hotel's fault... but I definitely do not get treated like this by others at Wynn, Trump, or Caesar's.  Just sayin'.To be honest, it's like a MGM or Mirage in disguise... more spruced up if you will, with the modern architecture and advanced technology.Everything is also more complicated than it has to be.  Parking, getting to the hotel, navigating through the casino to get to the guest rooms, finding your actual room since there are several corridors, and it continues on in the room.  Everything is remote controlled - sheer & black out curtains, lights, television, bathroom lights, alarm clock, temperature, and so on.  It was cool at first but if English isn't your first language, you might get a little confused.  Sometimes it's just easier to do things manually, you know?The guest room size is very small compared to Wynn, THEhotel, and Trump.  Bathroom was of average size... with a great shower since it was connected to the tub.  However, the water was weak.  The beds were comfy and the morning call which automatically turned on the tv to the channel of your choice and opened the curtains came in handy -- though never actually woke us up.Thank God our stay here was complimentary (over Christmas weekend, so this was probably the highlight of the stay).  It's not a terrible hotel, I just don't get good vibes from it.  Therefore, I'd probably never stay here again.
3	It's big, it's "modern", it's expensive.  Still too soon to say if Aria, and all of CityCenter, is going to be a gigantic bust or a harbinger of Vegas's future.  It has a very "Dubai" feel to it (not much character) which is both refreshing for Vegas (I do not need staff dressed as characters) and disappointing (I felt like I was walking around a nameless corporation's headquarters).
4	Technically this would be a 3.5 star.Just got back from staying 2 nights at Aria.  They are slowly working out the kinks.  Check-in wasn't a problem.  Upon entering the room, the technology showcases itself which is pretty fun.. but hey...you dont really stay in the room too much when you're in vegas right?There were some problems with the room.  The entry way lights did not turn off due to a faulty switch which took two phone calls and basically a day to fix.  Also it didn't seem like there was a in house safe in the usual places.  So either I didn't look hard enough/needs to be clearly labeled somewhere.Housekeeping - S-L-O-W.  The staff is very friendly and accomodating, however it takes them awhile to get your room cleaned.  It took them until 3pm to get the room made up. As far as gaming goes it is very nice, very new.  The pit bosses are really friendly and I won money so I'm not going to complain :)  But I do agree about cell service.  IT SUCKS!  For a technological marvel you would think they would invest in some micro cell sites or something!Food - Cafe Vettro - ugh...i'l save that for another review...bottom line overpricedThe Buffet - serviceable...it looks like/feels like the old Clifton's CafeteriaOverall - it is a good experience since I came in knowing there were going to be some issues.   Would I come stay here again - yes.  Would it be my top choice - maybe....location is good, but there's also Bellagio & Caesar's and if I truely want to have the best experience the Wynn....  So hopefully the bugs will be worked out.Tip - if you're staying at the hotel and using valet, make sure you call ahead to pull your car.  A valuable timesaver!
1	We arrived here at around 12:30 AM and checked in with no problems.After the long drive from LA, I had to use the restroom.What was waiting in the toilet was either the previous occupant's or the housecleaning's urine in the toilet.To say the least, that is not what you expect from a hotel that is brand new(two weeks old) and is supposed to be a 5 stars.Upon further investigation, there were many other things wrong-trash in multiple garbage cans-water in the ice bucket-only one cup, without the plastic cover-counter tops had watermarks and food stainsAfter noticing these items, we called the front desk around 12:45 AM and spoke to an agent.  The agent did not apologize for the inconvenience and said she would send a bellboy up with the keys to our new room.  Not wanting to waste our night, we called back at 1AM, to find that they have not even made the keys yet--let alone send a bell boy up.  At 1:20 AM, we follow up again, but this time, the front desk lady has attitude and argues with us saying we haven't been waiting that long(almost 40 minutes up to this point).  Finally around 1:35 AM we receive the keys to the new room.  The gentleman who brought us the keys did apologize for the state of the room and would take it up with his supervisor.After going to the new room, I went to closest ice machine, which was, you guessed it, broken.When I came back to the hotel after a night out, there was a situation in the elevator lobby which lead up to my floor.  Namely, there was crazy guy lying face down, pounding the floor and yelling.  EMT and hotel staff were on the scene and eventually cleared the way for people to access their rooms.  To be fair, the hotel has no control over this, but in the light of experience I had so far, this was just another inconvenience that added to an overall bad feel for the hotel.Having been to Vegas many times, I have never had a bad experience like this.  First impressions are everything and Aria seems to be off on the wrong foot.  I would certainly not recommend this to hotel to my friends and will not come back.  For the price point and amenities, I would rather book Palazzo, Venetian, or Bellagio.Customer service should be accommodating and make sure the customer is taken care of.  The customer should not have to follow up to resolve an inconvenience.  Unfortunately, the first thing that comes to mind when Aria is mentioned is unflushed urine in the toilet...
1	EPIC. FAIL.my family & i spent xmas '09 in vegas & went to check out the new city center. i'm not much of a gambler nor shopper, so i was looking forward to spending some time gawking at architecture, sculptures & other stuff that had been hubbubed about.parking was such a confusing mess - my sister is a seasoned veteran when it comes to vegas driving & city center had her beat with its lack of signage, backed up lots & confusing layout. we finally just parked at planet hollywood & walked over.granted, i'm not an architecture expert - the extent of my experience is a year of office gophering for an arch/design firm in culver city - but the structure of the aria itself was very bland. & i'm a little sad that city center is so ginormous that it drowns out everything that's interesting around it. there was a nice henry moore sculpture outside the entrance, & above the reception desk floated maya lin's colorado river-inspired piece. after some wandering around, we found a chocolate sculpture in their sweets store worthy of a food network challenge, then a cute pyramid-lined cactus garden upstairs in front of the steakhouse.the casino floor was dark, smoky & the layout of machines & tables made it seem extremely cramped. i walked around a little bit & before long, noticed little blue pop-ups on the screen of almost every slot machine, not unlike the blue screen of death that haunts pc users. i don't know what the problem was, but whenever anyone tried to cash out they had to wait for an attendant to come by & personally hand them money! you'd think the village people were in town, the way everyone was waving their arms trying to get hotel staff's attention.looking at other reviews, i guess the place is just going through some growing pains & should get on track in the coming weeks. but really, is it worth forcing an early opening just to catch the holiday crowd$ & ending up disappointing & scaring away potential return visitor$?way to end the year, with a one-star review! better come up with something else to ward off the bad ju-ju.
3	3.5 starsThis hotel has some serious pros and cons. It's huge, everything about it huge. The casino, the restaurants, the whole complex. But being all the way in the back of City Center really removes you from the action on the Strip. As cool as City Center may be, nothing replaces the Strip. You can walk to the Crystals mall, which is more an empty space than anything right now, and catch the tram to the Monte Carlo or Bellagio, but that still isn't getting you very far. The Sportsbook is one of the highlights of this hotel, possibly my new favorite sportsbook, with a great unique setup and some of the best quality and highest quantity of flatscreens. Tons of couches and room to spread out to pick which TVs you want to focus on. There are a ton of dining options, but expect to drop a good amount of cash wherever you end up eating. You can find some pretty cheaper minimums at the tables during the off hours. I found $5 roulette on Sunday morning.The standard rooms are very nice, sexy, and high tech. Everything is operated by a touch screen control and the flat screen seems to be around 40 inches. I can't complain, the Aria really has everything, but the problem with that is you don't feel the need to leave, which takes away from the Vegas experience of hopping from one casino to the next. I probably won't stay here again, but it will be interesting to see how it fits in once City Center is fully completed.
2	I was so excited to hear City Center was finally open and my friend and I decided to book a room there for the NYE 2010 celebration. To say I was disappointed would be an understatement. There were however, a few great people who work there who managed to shine amongst all the blunders.The room was booked mid-December to the tune of $450.00 bucks for a night. Evidently this is reasonable considering the market demand for rooms on NYE.Like many of you, I was extremely excited to stay here. After all, the hype surrounding this project was overwhelming. This project is currently a big question mark and has the potential to be a star amongst MGM-Mirage properties. Unfortunately without improvement to their consistency in service and attention to detail, it may become their biggest dog ever.Some highlights of my stay:1. Check in took around 90 minutes. I nearly pissed my pants waiting  and I got lost trying to find the elevators to the room. Thank goodness my key worked or there would have been a mess on their carpet. Oh and I got a 1 bed King instead of a 2 bed Queen like I had reserved, but I did get a $50 credit.2.  The room is supposed to be technologically advanced, but it took me a few minutes to figure out how to use the cordless phone in the room. Now I know how the elderly feel. The computerized room menu and TV stations take about 5 seconds to respond to anything. Seems like an odd delay and I'd just as soon walk to my curtain and close it than search for the remote or walk to the button on the wall. 3. I was stuck on the phone with one of those "We'll be right with you recordings" from the bell desk for 45 minutes. My bags finally arrived 30 minutes later. The bellman got me ice though and he was cheerful.4. I sat down to paint my nails at the workstation / desk area and found the light didn't turn on. I walked to press the buttons on the wall that are supposed to turn the lights on and I was about to start shouting at it "Light ON, Light ON" until I figured out there was no bulb in it.5. Drinks at the bar downstairs were $20 bucks each...what a smart way for the hotel get the $50 credit back. AND they were in plastic cups. How tacky. Funny...drinks at the Deuce Lounge in the casino were $27 for two. Perhaps Dubai World runs one side and MGM runs the other side. I just can't figure out who is trying to rip us off. God I hate the way business price gouge consumers here.6. We ordered pizza at about 1140 and it arrived exactly at 12. The room service attendant Maria was very cool and sweet. She watched the fireworks with us. The room had a great view through their full length window.7. I went back to the $20 bar at 5 AM--the new bartender was a total a-hole. One of those people who you say hi to and who act like you're lucky to be sitting at his bar. I ordered a drink and he proceeds to go chit-chat with the other bartenders and customers. Other bartender comes by and asks "May I help you?" Um, yeah I ordered my drink in 2009.7. Bad news..the blackout curtain is not completely blackout and I can see the sun peeping in around the perimeter. Also the desks in the room didn't have knobs on them. The bed is soft though and the lighting in the bathroom is great for putting on makeup. 8. Checkout was way faster than check in. There were a few incorrect charges because I had removed some things from the mini bar to refrigerate my champagne but they weren't consumed. The front desk attendant Jonathan was nice and removed them from my bill. 9. Valet after check out took about 20 min. A lot of the valets were looking around for the car's owners after pull up. One of the valets pulled up in a black Mercedes and said "Walters...Ms. Walters?" And I said "Yes" just to joke with him. I wonder if he really would have gave me the keys LOL. God Barbara Walters would have been pissed!Good luck, CityCenter. I truly hope you guys make it but you're gonna have to get it together--FAST!
1	there is not much improvement to protect nonsmokers. we were coughing and our eyes turn red. the food buffet was average. all restaurants meals are expensive
2	Nice decor: If you like neo-Japanese Minimalism.  Aria is very disorganized. We either got cold, impersonal attitudes, or kind people who had absolutely no idea where anything was.  We got more wrong directions from the staff then I have ever gotten in my life. We asked where the name "Aria" came from, and were told "An Aria is the highest point of a musical crescendo." Huh?  I think he just made that one up, because that one just made me start laughing.I notice several reviewers defending the Aria, saying that we should give them a break since they just opened.  I beg to differ.  When the Bellagio opened, it was sublime and perfect, and still is.  Aria was just this side of a disaster.  Why would you open at Christmas time and not put up a single decoration? Why would you open before the staff knows anything about the property? Why would you open before the housekeeping staff knows how to clean a room before letting a guest check in? It is a beautiful (albeit cold)  property, and I hope they get it together but it was a complete failure of a grand opening.  I'll take the Bellagio any day of the year over Aria.
1	Would you throw an expensive wedding before the bride and groom have met?  That's the feeling I got with Aria.  We were staying at the Bellagio and friends were at Aria.  Thank God we didn't make that mistake.  Not one Christmas decoration, dark casino I would never spend money in, minimalist design that is so unappealing unless you purposely build a home in that design, our friends had a dirty room and had to be moved.  I would never stay there.  The Mandarin Oriental next door was equally sterile.  Nice, but not Vegas.
5	Some of the one star reviews are really hilarious. There are complaints about smoking (in a freaking casino).. and lack of Christmas decorations.. and the prices in the restaurants. Some people are too ridiculous for their own good. I'll try to write this review from a more sane point of view! Service/checkin: I've encountered many awful check in experiences at the Venetian YEARS after they opened. I stayed at Aria just 2 weeks after opening day and had a great, smooth experience. 10 minute wait? On NYE? Am I in heaven? Honestly quickest Vegas checkin experience I've ever had and this was on NYE! The girl seemed nervous that was checking me in (she didn't have her speech fully memorized yet), but she was sweet and tried hard. She even bumped us up to a higher floor with better views without asking.Room: Amazing! I love modern and this place was built for me. Loved the bathrooms, loved the views, loved the amazing remote control thingy. Most of all - I loved the beds. Honestly the best hotel bed I've stayed at in all of Las Vegas. Sheets couldn't be softer, and I adored the mattress. Food/Amenities: During our limited one night stay I can't say much other than WOW. We had a slightly disappointing experience at Julian Serrano, but I can tell Aria has major potential. Beautiful casino, awesome sportsbook, tons of incredible eateries. I look forward to coming back for more! I can't honestly say one negative thing about the service, room, etc. Some people are too picky for their own good.
4	while driving up all i could think was damn, that sucker is huge. valets were cool. kinda hard to find the lobby of the hotel for checkin per it being a casino and it was new years eve. i had read earlier that the guts resembled that of an airport terminal. that couldnt be more spot on.every few floors has their own 3 sets of elevators. the layout of the hotel is kinda odd. its practically 2 arches intersecting, making for a maze of a hallway. when we get to the door i pull out my card key to locate which side the magnetic strip is on; there is none. its a blank white card. i look at the doorknob for a keycard slot; there is none. all you do is wave the keycard on a small black circle just above the knob and you hear the mechanism unlock itself followed by the affirming green light. the beds were a little tall which is cool and as comfortable as you could ever imagine. 7 pillows on each bed. sheets were plush and downy. theres an automatic mini bar with a digital lock to keep out sticky fingers. when i say automatic i mean there are sensors on all the items in the fridge. im guessing if you touch, you buy. asides from the mini bar there were 2 bottles of fiji water, a bag of potato chips, box of chocolates, bag of pistachios, chocolate covered almonds, martini shaker, and other random things that i wanted to bring home. everything was controlled by a digital control panel on the bedside table. it was tethered via usb cord but cool none the less. curtains, lights, music, flatscreen tv, alarm, everything. if at 7am you wanted the temperature to fall to 60 and have the curtains open you could make that happen. the bathroom had everything you could want, especially a nail file, cleansing pads, cotton swabs and those badass mini sewing kits. the toilet is hidden behind an opaque glass. theres also a shower bathtub combo. kinda hard to explain but its pretty neat. the bathtub is in the shower pretty much. one of the managers comped us a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries too.. me n my womans first new years together.downstairs theres this delicatessen or whatever with pastries as well as paninis. they have a prosciutto and fresh mozzarella sandwich which is THE BOMB!!! over at the skybox we ordered some chicken wings or should i say lollipops. $12 for 6 lollipops and they tasted like pure crap. we ordered garlic Parmesan fries and these too tasted like crap.
3	I stayed at Aria for 1 night on new year's eve. The first thing you notice here is just the size of the city center. I mean it's HUGE. At check-in, the person said the 2 queen bedroom that I had been guaranteed wasn't available, but they were willing to give me $100 off for the room. I tried to make a deal about getting the room and trying to get tickets for Tiesto at their Haze club, so the person called the manager over. I was ready to walk out and get my deposit back, but the manager fixed the problem, saying that maid service had not updated the rooms. So, I got the room, but didn't get the tickets to haze (whole other story there in my haze review). Have you ever had a problem getting into a hotel room because you didn't slide the key in properly? Here, you don't slide the key into a slot, but touch it to a sensor on the door. I thought this was freaken awesome. But when I got into the room, the first thing I noticed was the cigarette smell. Damn me for not asking for a non smoking room. But the room itself, while small, was technologically the most superb thing I had ever been in. I mean, everything was controlled from their remote keypad - lights, tv, curtains, etc. Technology doesn't make the most basic things easy though. The regular tv remote didn't even work. So I had to use that touch pad which gave a delay for changing channels.The bathroom had two sinks and, my fave, two sets of toiletries, saving me a call to made service to request some extra stuff, which I normally have to do at other hotels. The shower head sucked though. I have a better shower head at home, and when I'm paying $500+ a night, they better have a better shower head than what I'm used to. After clubbing at Haze, I decided to do a little late night/early morning black jack. The casino is small compared to other vegas casinos, but they have a lot of choices for table games, and special sections for high rollers like any other top casino. They also had a great sized poker room. I was lucky to get an awesome blackjack dealer who was more than willing to teach newbies how to gamble. You don't get this at the other big casinos.As a guy in vegas, I couldn't help but ogle at the hotness of the cocktail waitresses, especially since it was the late night/early morning shift where there aren't as many gamblers. When I went to gamble later in the afternoon, the waitresses weren't as good looking. No idea how that is relevant, but again, I am a guy in vegas.When I woke up in the early afternoon, it was time for checkout. So I tried to express checkout from the tv, and the stupid control thing wouldn't let me do so. Major fail on the technology part of the hotel. So I had to wait 45 mins before someone from the front desk could check me out over the phone, but didn't have a hard time doing so once the call was picked up, and the bill was emailed to me. What does one do in vegas on new years? Bet on the rose bowl. The sports book is small compared to other casinos, especially mandalay bay or caesars, but it got the job done. One of their big screens had a huge black spot, so that made it hard to watch the game. And their feed had a major delay, as I could hear people from the bar near the book scream after a major play happened before we did. The overall service was good, but not to the standard vegas level that I'm used to. For example, when I called the front desk inquiring whether their business center was open, the person on the other line said it was. When I walked over to the center, it was closed. I shouldn't have made the walk if the desk people were on point with their jobs. As for my feel of the people here, it was spot on of my theory of how people change because of being in vegas. Being born and raised in LA, you notice who the true Angelenos are and who are the transplants - most transplants think and act like they're better than those surrounding them, while true Angelenos (not those born and raised in LA suburbs, so if you're from Orange County, you're not a true Angeleno) are more relaxed, sort of a been there done that attitude (which may seem douchey to others, but it's an LA thing). In Vegas, it's like LA transplants on HGH. The vibe I got from the guests I encountered in the elevators was beyond anything I had ever received from my previous visits in Vegas. I'm not sure if because it was NYE, or cause Aria is new, or something else, but that's just how I felt, which can really hurt the overall feel for the hotel. And I'm not the biggest fan of hotels that cater to large groups of people who stay in the small rooms next to me. I understand a group of 10 trying to save money, but at least get 2 or 3 rooms to share. If you can't afford to stay in a nice hotel, don't do it. Fair paying customers don't want to hear your fighting or debauchery. I would stay at Aria again, but not at $500 a night, and only with a nonsmoking room. I will go try out the other hotels I have not stayed at before coming here again
4	NYE in LV can be crazy so I came out here on the 30th and partied at the Palms.   It made for an early and easy checkin at Aria.  I unfortunately got stuck with a room on the 54th floor.   :)~    When I walked into the room the sheer and blackout curtains opened up.   Nice.   The room had a very modern and state of the art feel.   It wasn't like when I first walked into a room at the Palazzo and said holy shit!   I didn't have that opulent feel here.  I was happy, comfortable and the view was spectacular.      The bathroom was interesting.   The dual sinks really didn't allow for much counter space.   The bathtub is behind the shower stall.   The bathroom fan was a bit loud and was on constantly.   There was no switch to turn it off and you could hear it with the bathroom door open.  It was a bit of an inconvenience to pull the door shut all the time.   I did order room service and had the sea bass.  It made me feel like I was in a nice restaurant because for 29 dollars the portion was pretty small.  The room service menu a little more expensive than most and the selection isn't very extensive.   I used the gym once which was 30 dollars a day.   The gym was pretty large compared to most of the hotel gyms.  It has a lot of cardio equipment with individual television screens with headsets and not too many weights and weight lifting equipment but enough to have a good workout.   Somebody came around offering hot, damp towels.  Like many of the LV hotel gyms it closes at 8 pm.  Get out of our gym and lose some money.     If you self park, it's a good distance to the room elevators but not as bad as the MGM.   I really enjoyed the fact Haze is short walk to the elevator and Eve is also a very short distance away.
3	Arriving into Vegas New Year 's Day, I was ready to party and get my rocks off. Talk about making a impression, upon arriving at Aria, you roll pass the mandarin oriental only to be greeted by a football field wide cascading water fall facade in the front of the hotel with a miniature Bellagio Esq. fountain spewing neon light colored water 20 feet high in the air. Though not yet complete, City Center is remarkable, the amount of money that was put into this place only begs the question how the FCUK will they ever make there money back.. Anyway enough about that.. The lobby of this hotel is massive, the check in area is easy to find. Though I waited about ten minutes to be attended to (this being a holiday weekend) the staff at this hotel is extremely friendly and much effort was put into properly training this classy motley crew. My room located on the 8th floor(low! c'mon bad enough they only gave me a king when I specifically requested two queens, one to sleep the other to freak on) was extremely nice. Very new and modern, the electric curtains/shades and the majority of the room were nicely finished. Large bathroom with his and her sinks, the shower was located in a separate directly connected to the bathtub, definitely a unusual set up but perfect to use when you take home that dancer from Spearmint Rhino. Nice flat screen TV that offered a wide array of HD Channels, definitely came in handy when I was hung-over watching the Jets clinch a playoff spot that Sunday. Everything in the room can be turned off/on right from either the TV remote or the screen located next to the bed. Speaking of which, the bed here was large and comfortable, perfect to slay on. Also my room was quiet during all times of the day, it also provided more than enough closet space to store my few belongings. My complaints-No IPod dock, i.e. this must catering to the family only hotel, not the drug snorting 20-30 something crowd I hangout with. Had to play Pandora on my blackberry while getting my freak on in because the music channels offered on TV was absolutely terrible.The water in the sinks seemed to spray like a waterpik teeth cleaning machine, the shower head was weird and didn't spray properly either.At the restaurants you will get charged for a refill of diet coke, not cheap but c'mon, flat fountain soda shouldn't be 4 bucks for a little refill action. Prices at the hotel restaurants were expensive. The fitness center at 30 a day is a total rip off unless you use the spa(more about that below). The taxi cab line can get out of control at night and the ventilation on the casino floor makes for one of the smokiest on the strip. My compliments- In two nights I managed to slay two dancers while slaying at this hotel. Nice array of bars and high end restaurants downstairs. The fitness center is the sickest I have seen in all of Vegas. Better than most urban gyms. Brand new cardio machines and a wide array of free weights. As for the spa, everyone here gets there own monster locker with sandals and a robe, best sauna & steam room. The shower area was private and large so one is comfortable and not concerned with Lance dropping his face over your shower door.  Stocked with beverages and fruits (make sure to load up a nondescript plastic bag with whatever your hotel room is lacking) along with a lacking of Harvey milks patrolling the locker room also helped. Also the clubs & shopping mall provide a wide selection and nice variety
3	Aria might sit on the grave of ye olde Boardwalk which featured rock hard french toast during it's 24-7 buffet.  While it's part of the capitalist monolith known as CityCenter, and has lots of fancy time apparel, there are some major issues with this place that can't be overlooked.#1 - What brand new, modern mega-resort can afford to have zero cell phone service?  My iPhone was absolutely worthless in this place it might have well been New Year's Eve 1989 rather than 2009.#2 - Kinda pricey, even the 24-hour Cafe Vettro.  On the late night I peeked my head into Aria, I went by this place hoping I could get something reasonable.  Some people might think $7 for cream of wheat or $12 for pancakes is reasonable, but come the hell on.After those two big turnoffs, this place is stunning.  CityCenter is one of the most expensive private construction projects ever and it shows.  Everything from the elevator banks to the carpets to the light fixtures are modern, trendy and classy.  I swear if the Chargers make it to the Super Bowl I am going to have to watch the game at Aria, which has one of the more unique and inviting layouts I've seen.I'm guessing there won't be much change for those looking for an affordable option at CityCenter.  Hell, this ain't the Hooters hotel so I guess it comes with the territory.  Handle the cell phone service and this immediately gets four stars.
2	For the price, I'd rather stay at the Venetian, Bellagio, Wynn..etc.  Nothing special about the place.  It's nice, but like the rating..."Meh. I've experienced better."  It's generally clean, and pretty technologically advanced - except for one odd thing.  The iPod/iPhone connectors were for really old iPods, not even for the iPhone.  So it was pretty useless.  Anywho, nice place, probably similar to the size of the rooms in Paris, Luxor, or Planet Hollywood.
2	Overall, my stay at Aria was just average. I was not overly impressed.I came here shortly before new years and just a few weeks after Aria had its grand opening. Since Aria was a brand-new, five-star, luxury hotel that bragged about offering an experience that no other hotel outside CityCenter would offer, I had high, high expectations. Value: I got a pretty good deal. By signing up on the mailing list for Aria, i received an opening offer of stay 2 nights, get one free deal. The average nightly rate came down to around 125 before tax/fees. The room: There are highs and lows in terms of the room (i stayed in the regular deluxe room). First of all, the highs: i first stepped into the room and once i walked in, music started playing, the TV came on, the window sheer opened, and the lights automatically turned on. My jaw dropped a little at that point. It is a very spacious, modern room with dark brown accents, a floor to ceiling window, and lots of fogged glass in the bathroom. It is very tech-savvy since there is one central console that controls everything from the TV to the window sheer in the room. this may pose a problem for older folks who are not accustomed to such technology or anyone who would rather not waste time figuring out this crap and just pull the window sheer open manually. The TV was a large, HD flat screen and all the amenities were present in the room that i required. Now to the lows: After my jaw dropped at the technology of the room, I went to the bathroom, slid the door close, and the knob fell off. It just fell off. Apparently it wasn't glued on right or something, but come on! who has heard of a five star hotel having their knobs fall off?! Secondly, the safe (which is cleverly hidden in one of the nightstand drawers) was locked and non-functional and the window sheer did not close all the way when commanded to. How frustrating to say the least.The service: I understand that this hotel had just opened and maybe the staff was still not fully trained at this point, yet I still would say I am disappointed considering my low expectations. First of all, the check-in required over 20 minutes because there was a problem w/ the computer system and some communication issues between myself and the receptionist. Secondly, when I called the front desk to solve my room issues as described above, I was on hold every time for at least 15 minutes. Lastly, when i checked out on the TV, my two nights get one free deal was not shown. I had to perform the old-fashioned in-person checkout process and basically heckle the management to honor this legitimate deal! Overall, I was disappointed in Aria. After the hype, I really expected a unique Las Vegas experience, but what i ended up with was the same ol, luxury-faux Vegas establishment you get with bellagio, venetian, etc.
3	I dug the Aria, but it's so far removed from the Strip and the things at City Center don't seem to be fully up to speed quite yet. Once City Center is completely up and running, this spot is easily 4 stars. The rooms are spacious and the dark chocolate feel of the casino is pleasing. Solid Sportsbook and the tram to the Bellagio is clutch if you feel out of touch.
3	hmmmm.  cant say i was really impressed from the start to the end. It did have some fun things about the hotel.. but to much hype really on this one.. my favorite thing about this hotel was probably the sports book.
2	I've stayed almost everywhere on the strip and made arrangements this past weekend with one of the priorities being checking out the new City Center and Aria...1) Driving in - the place looks amazing.  From both the strip and highway views.2) If you're trying to self-park, it's impossible to find.  It's like guess and check.  For as large as the parking complex is, It takes are really long time to find a spot too.3) We got to the front desk at 530pm on Friday and was told that our room had yet to be cleaned --- what?!?!  They comped us $30 (two drinks) and told us to go up to the room in an hour.  We went up at 640pm and the maid had JUST ARRIVED!  I sat out in the hall for a 1/2 hour as I was too exhausted to go all the way back downstairs4) The rooms are nice, but a far cry from Venetian/Wynn properties STILL...why arent all hotels becoming all-suites these days?5) We ate at Lemongrass on Friday night.  Service was horrible.  I think they transferred all the help from Mirage's buffet line!6) We ventured into Crystals --- place is almost completely empty!  There are like four stores open.  Why even open it?                                                                                                                        7) The casino floor is really dark and very convoluted.  I was at the pallazzo on Saturday night and thought to myself how much more inviting it was to spend my money there...8) We ate at BarMasa on Saturday night (I heard that Shaboo is $500pp/minimum!??!).  Food was OKAY.  Sushi/sashimi are $8-11 apiece.  Are you kidding me?  The servers were actually apologizing for how overpriced the menu was for what it was.  For two, we had two drinks apiece, a salad, kobe sukiyaki, mushroom fried rice, three rolls and three pieces of sushi...$325 --- hard to understand why this place costs more than, say, NobuOverall, I'd never stay here again unless they comped really large.  Back to Venetian
4	I like the Aria.  It's clean, its nice, and it is well ventilated.  Moreover, it also has a lot of different lounge/bar inside.  I stayed in the Aria SkySuites on the 33rd floor and man was it a view.  Moreover, it was only about $480 for three nights.  Checking in at 2:30a wasn't a problem and neither was getting a late checkout.  I didn't get to check out many of the restaurants or food there however there is a lot to choose from.  Also it is very close to a shopping mall (across the bridge) and slightly toward the back of the strip.
3	It can be a challenge staying in a new resort property. Something as immense as the Aria has so many separate systems and processes which need to be in total harmony to provide that perfect experience.The rooms, staff, general facility were exceptional.The in-room control system, booking system, elevators, etc. still had launch glitches.Overall, our stay at the Aria was enjoyable and the staff was extremely attentive. I would consider staying again. If you are looking for a modern resort experience I would recommend the Aria though give them another month or two work out the bugs if you expect that surreal  Las Vegas style of perfection.
3	The room was fantastic. Sleek and modern, with a touch screen interface to control the entire room (even the bathroom light above the shitter, had some fun with that one.)They layout is fine, everything is relatively easy to find. I liked the sports book, which breaks away from the traditional and has more tables and chairs then rows of theater seats.City center was fairly empty and the Aria is not really close to anything, so while I'm glad i stayed their once, i probably wouldn't do it again.
1	Stayed there arrived to a check in clerk who ran my cedit card and over charged me.  Then went up to my room that was obviously used and was not cleaned.  The room shakes on the 28th floor. The slot machines suck and you get horrible vibes the whole time you ate there doesn't feel like Vegas at all   I will never stay there again  sorry aria
1	Stayed elsewhere, but wanted to check out Aria's casino.  I won't be back.  It's hard to get to, being situated waaaay back from the strip - cab ride from the Venetian was $12.50.  It smells nasty inside, something like dirty feet, but I think it's wet concrete.  It's ugly like a big empty cavern - a building as huge as Aria needs decor with huge scale, but MGM Mirage went on the cheap and it shows.  Staff are super nice but I don't think the good ones will stay because I heard staff complaining all night long.  Minimum bets at the tables were $5, which was wonderful for me but probably not a good sign for Aria.  When it was time to go I felt trapped because the idiots placed the taxi stand a full 1/4 mile from the casino's exit.  Even though a cab had just emptied right in front of me at the exit, they told me I wasn't allowed to get it and had to hoof it all the way over to where I would be allowed to get in.  Which I did and won't be back.
4	beautiful, beautiful decor! It has a very nice modern look; however, I stayed on grand opening night and there were a few things they needed to work out. While we checked out, we had a few complaints and they refunded back some of the money! I like the fact that they care about their customers.
5	FYI: I'm writing this review not in regards to the actual rooms.Never in my life would I have ever thought I'd say this about anything Vegas, but I'm in love...Aria is absolutely FABULOUS.I'm completely enamored with the sleek, modern architecture and different art peices along the walk way towards the hotel. Several art galleries were open and we were allowed to check them out for free. Not too crowded as Aria just opened December 16th, I believe. Everything is brand new, especially the all around smell. Cigarette smoke has yet to sink in. Casino machines are top notch - Sex and the City! Bryan - #1 fan - kept winning non stop each time he played - ppl around us were getting pissed as we were laughing our asses off at the bling bling sounds the machine emitted. I was dying to check out Eva Longoria's Besos - just opened - but my attire didn't seem up to par. Oh well, next time. We seriously went back to check out Aria at least three times within a day - yes - we loved it that much - to the point where we were almost going to stay an extra night here and hit up Haze as our favorite DJ was spinning from 10:30 p.m. - 4 a.m. As the responsible adults we are - ha - we decided to keep it pushin'. Other Yelpers weren't so satisfied with the rooms as there were a ton of glitches with the new technological features but hopefully by summer time, everything will be up and running smoothly.
2	It was beautiful from the outside, but a maze on the inside literally. It was quite a venture having to travel from one end of the hotel to the other end just to find us at a dead end, multiple times! I can't really say much about the gaming or hotel room since we didn't stay there, but strictly gauging at their facility I'd probably pass! FYI: To enter the parking garage could be quite a treat for most people. =)
4	I visited Aria for the first time during my last vacation to Vegas. I honestly was pretty excited to check it out. It is one of the newest hot spots of the strip. I had also heard that the place was owned by the same people who own MGM grand.I have to say it is really cool looking from the outside. They have a really neat futuristic architecture design. My friend commented how the building looked like it was twisted. They also have a lot of unique looking sculptures both outside and inside.I actually expected the lobby of the hotel to be more grand. It's a bit on the plain side. It's neat though. They have a bunch of soft benches with high wooden backs. I can't quite describe the carpet but it had some neat orange designs. I'm sure people who are exhausted from walking around appreciate all the places where they can sit. There is also the latest music being played throughout the casino.Attached to the casino is a shopping center. It's a pretty cool place. At first it almost felt like I was at a convention center - too white and big but then I walked downstairs and this was where I discovered how really cool it is. The stairs have these pretty and unique flower designs that light up. Plenty of tourists were taking their special kodak moments here. There were also different fountains where the colors changed constantly. Little kids were playing there because every time you touched the fountain water would come down from the inside and the colors would change. Shopping-wise this place had the coolest shops. The Louis Vuitton store was amazing. It was huge and very fancy. One of the best looking Louis Vuitton stores I've seen.Aria definitely is a cool looking place. (Oh and they're not bad slot machine wise too...those machines tend to give a little and not necessarily take all your money hehe).I'd definitely say to try and check out this place if you're on the strip!
3	I stayed at the Aria right before New Years.  I go to Vegas because it has the best restaurants, shows, and 5 Star amenities anyone could ask for.  And now thanks to the City Center, the most beautifully crafted buildings in the world.And that's how people need to view the City Center, as a modern marvel.  The most famous arictects in the world set out to make the most beautiful buildings and that's exactly what they accomplished.  The location is great.  You can easily walk to other hotels or take the monorail, unlike staying at the Wynn or Encore, where you feel separated from the rest of the strip.  Other than that, I was not impressed.  The rooms are adequate; the staff needs more training, which falls back to management. The front desk rarely answered the phone, there were stains on the title upon entering the suite, and the concierges had no idea when things were open in the hotel.  You definitely realize where the owners put their emphasize upon opening, on the aesthetics, leaving every other department to flail.  Hopefully with some time and training, the Aria will become the hotel it was built to be.On a side note that I feel works for every where in Vegas, this is not a place for kids.  And by kids I mean anyone under the age of 18.
1	my experience at Aria this weekend started off bad. By the end of the first night it got worse. By check out time, it became funny how awful this hotel is. We arrived at Aria on a saturday at 11am. We were expecting a long check in line, but were pleasantly surprised that each check in line had only 3-4 people ahead of us. We chose a line and waited. 15 minutes went by and we did not move up one place. The front desk attendant was flipping thru an employee manual trying to help the same couple that was in the front of the line when we arrived. TERRIBLE! I moved to a different line. Another 45 minutes later, we finally got keys. We were so excited to get into the room at this point. We opened the door and i noticed a hair dryer sitting out. I said " oh thats wierd". Thats when i noticed PEOPLE IN THE BED! The hotel had given us room keys to another persons ROOM! this has never happened to me in my entire life, much less in vegas. When we went downstairs to complain ( still in shock), the manager did not apologize to us and actually said to me" its fine". I told her this was NOT fine, so she gave us a $50 dining credit.  other notable things:1) If you have an iphone or ATT you will not get service in the entire hotel. 2) casino and sportsbook is very small. We chose to watch the game in our room instead of the casino because there was nowhere to sit. 3) Visually, the hotel is UGLY. Everything from the carpet to the uniforms they make the attendants wear is really dark and drab.4) rooms are SMALL. MGM grand had bigger rooms. 5) the 'black out shades" that are standard in all vegas hotel rooms do not work here. We were awoken at 8 am by light coming in thru the edges of the shades. Not cool, aria!  6) the "mall" has approx. 2 stores open. unless you're in the market for a thousand dollar LV bag or Tiffany's jewelry just skip this mall. 7) we ate at ate 3 restaurants in the hotel. they were all terrible ( service and food). Really surprising since 2 of the reasons i love vegas is because there is always amazing food and service. The 2nd thing that happened was after a long night out in vegas we came back to our room and the TV had been left on. We tried to turn it off, but the remote wouldnt work. there were no buttons on the tv to manually turn it off. We called the front desk 10 times before someone answered. Apparently they weren't answering because there was a "drug issue" in the hotel ( that is exactly what the front desk agent told us...awesome!)  They told us that the engineer would need to come up to change the batteries. 2 hours later, we got some new batteries in our remote. The engineer told us he's been replacing batteries about 30 times a day since the hotel opened. Why would a brand new hotel have old batteries in their remote?  At this point we just want to go to sleep.The next morning instead of enjoying our last few hours in the hotel before check out we just decide to leave. We go to check out and there were 4 bogus charges on our hotel bill ( mini bar mostly). this was strange to us because houskeeping didnt even come while we were there! Luckily they removed those charges...... All in all this hotel is terrible. it was a terrible decision for the owners to open this hotel without properly training their staff. Everything seems to be done half assed. I have absolutely zero desire to ever give this hotel another shot. With the amazing other hotels in vegas at similar price ranges ( palazzo, venetian, caesars, etc...) aria would be my LAST choice hotel.
4	I actually enjoyed my stay at Aria. City Center has a huge property and there was many different artworks that can be seen throughout the hotel. The room was nicer and bigger than I thought it would be. The beds were comfortable and the heater worked fine to keep the room warm. It was nice that it had two sinks in the bathroom. I wished the toilet room didn't have see-thruish walls and doors though. I had to close the bigger door that led to the bedroom so I could have my privacy. The tub in the shower room was a good size and the faucets didn't run out of hot water. They also had the most fully stocked refrigerator I have ever seen in a hotel! But we didn't eat or drink from it.It was such a long walk to the elevator from our room location though.It did suck that we had a walk quite a distance to get to the nearest convenience store for food, alcohol, and water. We actually went to the mall called Miracle Mile shops across the street that had an ABC store.Service- One of our lamps didn't work and we had an engineer help us to change the lightbulb. We also got to have a later check out time. The original check out time was 12, but we had till 1. Our room was nicely cleaned. The maids here are friendly too and say hi to you.
1	Our experience at Aria was an epic failure.  The "check in line" was a mob of people pushing their way to the front, made worse by employees taking upwards of 45 minutes to check in each room!  After 4 weeks of being open, the check-in desk employees were still sneaking under the desk to consult their handbooks.  The high-tech room key system didn't work for us, as 4 different sets of keys failed to magnetize, leaving us sitting in the hall outside of our room as we waited 45 minutes for someone to come up and rescue us.  It might have been quicker to stand in the check-in line again, given that even the replacement keys they sent up for us didn't work, as well.We were traveling with colleagues who had to change rooms multiple times, thanks to overwhelming odors, dirty rooms, double bookings, and broken a/c.  One fellow traveler had so many room problems (including being given the key to a room that ALREADY HAD GUESTS IN IT!) that the Aria management finally gave up and moved him over to a room at the Bellagio.  We were told by sources in the city (cab drivers, other hotel employees) that the average training for hotel employees is 4 weeks, and to save money Aria employees were only trained for 1.5 weeks.  That would explain the concierge who couldn't tell us where a restaurant WITHIN THE HOTEL was located.  We asked for a map, located it on the Promenade level one floor up, and asked "Is there a quick way up to the 2nd floor?  An escalator, perhaps?"  She also didn't know, and said she had no idea how to get to the 2nd floor.  We gave up and went back to the guest room elevators.The one bright spot was our dinner at Sage.  Delicious, luxurious, a great experience.  Stay somewhere else but come to Sage for dinner.  I would absolutely not go back to Aria or recommend it.  Any new hotel will have some kinks to work out, but we didn't find the hotel staff or management nearly solicitous enough about the overwhelming, obnoxious, visit-ruining problems.  With more than a dozen problems and half a dozen 30 minute waits for things, we only received one "I apologize."
5	3 days in Jan 2010. Easily the most elegant, clean, and beautiful interior design and decorating of any Casino in Vegas. Every item, on a small scale of course, would look great in an elegant mansion. You couldn't do that with for example, Encore's decorating. The low ambient but xlnt subject lighting levels, fantastic airconditioning, and scale make it my favorite over Wynn and Palazzo, my other regular hotels. The size of the casino is too long and large and distances to rooms and restaurants is very far. Dealers and staff appear to be the sharpest in Vegas. Many quit good jobs at Wynn, Venetian, etc to work here. Dealers are attractive, fit, charming types you'd invite to your home...not the typical Vegas chain smoking, burned-out slugs.  Beverage quality at table games is very shabby for this level hotel. Watered down everything, crummy wine but the waitresses actually take enough time to ask and are eager to rectify any complaints plus show thanks for any tip.  Everything works great in the rooms and the bed is superb and there's zero noise from neighbors and hallway.  Elevators are lightning fast.  Restaurants are all excellent except for the wierdly sub-par buffet. Great quality, $10 large sandwiches, pastry, and $3.50 cappuccino or coffee at casino patisserie.
3	The hotel itself is beautiful.  Very clean and has very nice rooms.  I like that housekeeping actually gave you privacy when you indicated it on the door (unlike Bellagio).  But my god their customer service was terrible.  We checked in as a big group. The two ladies could not agree who was gonna check us in.  They made faces and were not happy at all.  Also, they kept asking to see your room key before getting on the elevators.  They did this during the day all day long, but for some reason not at 4am.  Go figure.  That was annoying, especially when you are carrying two coffees.  So hotel is nice, but customer service sucks.
4	I am commenting only on the public areas in Aria, I did not stay in the hotel.  With the arrival of so many mega-resorts here in Las Vegas, Aria is the first one that I really like the design of.  I find all of the biggies like the Wynn, Encore, Bellagio, etc. to be tacky and should I say it?  Crudely American.  Aria is the first property that manages to have a grand scale that actually works.  It is very European in style.  It uses motifs of mondrian-esque blocks of stones throughout the property to visually tie in all of the space.  And what a great use of space it has.  It has many abstract sculptural features and a beautiful muted color scheme.  I'll be coming back to spend time here.
4	The beds were comfortable and both the room and service were great.  I love that they don't have a cheesy theme..Bascically it's simple and modern.  Yes they still have a few kinks to work out...The pool hadn't been completed (it was too cold, but still!) Our room was very dim and there was one lamp that wouldn't go on...it was unplugged and there was no outlet in sight, so basically it was a decorative lamp! I loved the concept of having one touchscreen remote to control the whole room.  That was awesome, but slow and and not very sensitive to the touch...it was a hassle when using it for the tv.  The stay does not include internet, come on now! even the comfort inn has free internet!  Well we were here for a weekend and we pretty much spent all our time here...our first nite we went to haze, it has a small dance floor and the DJ sucked...so we moved on the the gold lounge, music was a lot better! had more fun here!  The next day we tried the buffet, excellent!!!! Both service and quality! and later we saw viva elvis...over all great weekend at the aria, would defiantly stay here again!p.s. Don't Valet , it took about 30 minutes to get our vehicle when checking out, self parking is easy enough.
1	Aria ... looks Jawesome from the Exterior!  The Architecture is cool and the drive to the entrance is long .. makes it seem a lil more grand, IMO.I thought this would be a very hi-end casino w/ top of the line whatevers ... but I was let down.  the walkways to the rooms were cheap finishes, crappy wallpaper work, bad connections ... I can go on but I won't.The only nice thing about the rooms were the bathrooms.The casino floor is small compared to the other casinos and just didn't seem to inviting.Aria - Uninviting place, pass !
4	I just got back from a four night stay in one of the corner suites at Aria.  The room was incredible, with a comfortable bed, great views, and very quiet (the corner suites are at the end of the hall).  I loved the modern architecture, modern art, and all the natural light.  The control-4 remote system is pretty cool but a little confusing and slow.  The spa and workout facility is one of the nicest I've ever seen and was well worth the $30/day use fee.  All of the staff, dealers, housekeepers, etc that we talked to were extremely friendly.A couple of complaints: The black out curtains let too much light in (important in Vegas). The room was missing one tv remote and the other didn't have batteries (it took two calls to maintenance to get this corrected).  For some reason the corner suite does not have a connectivity panel like the other rooms, so there was no easy way to plug in an mp3 player.  They advertise twice daily housekeeping, but you are lucky to see them once (I would expect this to get worked out over time).All in all, we had a great stay here and would definitely go back.  They still have a few glitches to work out, but that's to be expected in a brand new hotel.  Especially with the deals that are out there right now, I would definitely recommend staying here!
5	My best friend Lex helped put this thing together, so it gets 5 stars based on that alone b/c she kicks major ass!!!
3	The city center is truely amazing, in that it went up in 3 years, but unlike the feeling you get from a las vegas casino, driving in to city center feels more like a drive through Century City in Los Angeles. The architecture is more reminiscent of high rise skyscrappers and modern art buidings than a casino. You might even think it was a commerce center from the outside.Aria, was much of teh same to be honest... The facility is HUGE with very high ceilings throughout the facility, but something was missing, perhaps a theme or something to make it unqiue, but it seems almost undecorated. There were lots of little twinkly things around but nothing that made it feel warm or inviting... Very industrial.
5	[walks around staring in amazement]I've never quite seen anything like it.
5	Aria is/was BEAUTIFUL! The rooms were awesome.  Everything about it impressed me. The place is huge. I am in love.
5	I am a huge fan of this new hotel in Vegas.  C'mon, it's new!  And anything new and sparkly in Vegas is considered the coolest.  Anyhow, the structure and interior has clean lines and geometric edges.  The novelty of Frank Lloyd Wright-esque quality among the many theme hotels of the strip is refreshing.  The sports room boasts a bunch of tv's and has lounge appeal complete with complimentary drinks (but tipping is necessary, of course).  The selection in the buffet is massive and the desserts are eye catching.  I also enjoyed fine dining at Sage where the service was stellar.  And even though my luck wasn't all that present at the tables, each dealer I encountered were lively and entertaining (I hate it when they're quiet and serious...they're taking my money, might as well entertain me, right?!).I've yet to return to actually stay in one of their rooms.  But even so, I loved what this resort had to offer.
1	You could not believe the husting I got from the dealers for tips at this place.
5	SO & I stayed three days at Aria a couple of weeks ago.  The first and overwhelming impression of the architecture is that there are not many right angles: everything is at an non-square angle or is curved.  Many seemingly straight strips of lighting in the ceiling are actually curved.  It's a subjective matter, but I like the feel;  it feels less clinical, more lively.  I like the ultra-modern feel of the decor, of the lighting, of the layout.Layout:We flew in and cabbed it from the airport so I have no information or opinion on driving in: ease of entry, clarity of signage, parking garage, access from there, etc.I like the layout of the whole Aria/Crystals/Mandarin Oriental complex.  If you have time, you should definitely take a stroll through the Mandarin Oriental, go up to the twenty-something floor where they have the fancy bar/nightclub, and check out the bathrooms up there:  real linen hand towels, folded neatly in piles on little trays, each with a little (real) orchid!The tram to Bellagio and Monte Carlo is also nice: new, sleek, running frequently enough.  It's great for a change of venue when our luck at Aria is not running too hot.Casino:I don't share the opinion expressed in some reviews here that the casino area is small.  Certainly, on Thu-Sat nights, they have as many craps table as Bellagio, which is many, _AND_ they're mostly $10 tables, like Bellagio, rather than $15 like some of the upscale-wannabes like the Wynn or Encore.Blackjack tables are plentiful as well, but mostly $15 tables, again, like Bellagio.  (We stay and gamble at the Bellagio a lot!)I don't play "junky" games like slots, roulette, pai gao, Casino War, and such, so I have no information on those.There are no non-smoking tables that I could see, but the casino area is very well ventilated to it's not an issue.On Fri and Sat nights, the casino & its surrounding areas are like the Bellagio:  a cruising area for the twenty-somethings, to see and be seen.  I love people watching so I loved that.The public restrooms in the casino are spacious and clean and well-kempt.Service:The service is generally very good, from the room-related staff (check in, room service, room maintenance, IT support, security, etc.) to restaurant staff, to casino staff.  Well, actually, take that back:  dealers are dealers, no matter which casino.  One gets good ones and one gets rude ones.Facility:Our room was on the 50th floor.  I don't know what type it is but it is about 50% bigger than the "package deal" room that my in-laws had on the fifth floor.  Our entryway and bathroom are the same size as theirs.  We have a king bed, like their room, and we have more space on either side of the bed.  Our room was the closest one to the elevators (on my SO's request!), right behind them in fact, but we did not head _ANY_ elevator noises.As reported in other reviews, the room is ultra high-tech: the key card is the proximity type, that you hold up near the sensor on the door rather than inserting it into a slot.  The key entry turns on lights and opens the blind to the way they were when you last left the room.  You can control temperature & fan, lighting, blinds, TV, radio, clock, and outside service lights ("Privacy please", "Please service room", etc.) centrally, via the touch screen menus on the "alarm clock" console at bed side, or via menus on the TV with the remote control.  You can also control the lighting and blinds manually via old fashioned :) wall switches.There's a panel on the desk in front of the TV:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=Z8NK2BL9xs2giCOhKRaHEAwhich panel has inputs for HDMI, VGA (!), S-Video, component video, and iPod/iPhone.  I suppose the iPod/iPhone input allows you to play your music through the in-room speaker(s).  There are also network and headphone-out jacks.  There are USB jacks but I don't know where they go.My fav feature is setting the wake-up alarm to turn the TV on to a certain channel, and/or slowly turn on specific lights over a duration, and/or open the opaque blinds, and/or open the sheer blinds, and/or set room temperature, via this menu:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=HqtX9Fs7GjjL0U4TVil56QSee my "follow up" review for more (running into the 5000-character limit here!).
3	I just stayed at Aria this past weekend and I have to say, I thought it was only ok. Here are my pro's & con's:Pros: 1. The hotel is new so everything at that new hotel smell/ feel which I like a lot. 2. The casino tables weren't too high. It was superbowl weekend and I still saw $15 tables at night. 3. The customer service from the phone was really excellent. They helped us out with everything (i.e. booking a super bowl party) and even got us good discounts.4. The room was nice and the view was awesome even if it wasn't of the strip. The really large windows make it look cool. I had a view of the pools and those looked really nice too but it was too cold to go out.Cons:1. I didn't like how small the bathroom was. I think I'm used to staying in the venetian or something but I thought the bathrooms were small. I also didn't like how they didn't have any ventalation in the bathroom.2. There is no back enterance into the hotel (according to the cab driver) so getting to and from the hotel can be a little bit of a pain if there is traffic on the strip.3. They tried to be really high tech with the room with all these settings on some control panel and different switches on the wall but it just made me confused. It took us at least a day to figure out how to turn on specific lights in the room etc. and I couldn't even figure out how to turn the TV on. Overall I thought the hotel was only ok. I felt like there wasn't anything really that special about it. If it wasn't new, there really is nothing enticing about it but to be fair, I think my standards for vegas hotels have gone up because you expect so much more. If this hotel were in any other city, it would be fabulous. Because it's in vegas, it's only ok.
5	[Continuing my review...]Food:Must eat: Jean Phillipe bakery.  We had breakfast there three times (bear claw, chocolate croissant, and one other pastry which I don't remember , only that it was really good).  We also bought a couple of sandwiches there for the flight home and they were amazingly sophisticated and tasty too.Must eat: Cafe Vettro.  We ate dinner there once and lunch once.  For dinner, I had the burger with blue cheese, bacon and mushrooms ($24!) and SO had the steak sandwich.  Not cheap, but well worth it.  For lunch I had the BLT, with thick chunky crisp strips of bacon on a ciabatta roll.  It was very tasty, though I would have prefered they not put the bacon right on top of the tomato, which makes the bacon lose its crispness too soon.Must skip: Lemongrass.  It's Thai, but more Thai-American than Thai and not very remarkable.  It wasn't bad, in fact, the food was tasty enough, but it was neither Thai nor outstanding.  One word of caution:  when ordering the spicy dishes, which are rated from zero to ten, be very careful.  The wait person recommended  a four for the tom yum soup and a three for a pork in garlic sauce.  I asked what number would she consider straight Tabasco and she said four.  She was right!  A six or seven will hurt pretty bad and you can probably use a ten for personal defense purposes :) .Shows:We didn't see the "Elvis" Cirque du Soleil show, wanting to "save" it for our anniversary trip.  Everybody I spoke to who had seen it loved it, even though it was still in its "soft opening" phase where they're still liable to stop & tweak the show midway through.  Supposedly they "officially" open (i.e. when critics are actually invited to write about the show, according to http://communities.canada.com/montrealgazette/blogs/stageandpage/archive/2009/11/08/cirque-du-soleil-countdown-to-viva-elvis-cirque-in-las-vegas.aspx) that Sat, Jan 29.Bugs and "features" :) :1.  The room control menu is sluggish and somewhat buggy, both via the touch screen console and via the remote control.2.  The A/C outlet in the bathroom is located below the mirror, in the middle, which also happens to be the only place they can put the tissue box, so it took a bit of rooting around to find the outlet!  See this pic:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=EFgTW3F-xoYKFDEJYpOWXA3.  The safe is in a drawer on one side of the bed.  It took some digging around to find it, not a biggie though.  Also, given the weight of the safe, I wonder how long the drawer's slides will last.  I suppose they're hoping that few people will use the safe...  See this pic:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=TZx8scLRrfujKrPUZdqTmA4.  All our room phones (VOIP phones) were DOA.  We reported it on checking in and no less than two IT types (one with the requisite backpack full of spares and tools :) ) showed up to fix them.  It was a unplugged network plug behind a panel in the wall behind the bed board.
5	Stayed at the Aria and enjoyed the high tech grand scale of the resort.  The use of glass and lighting throughout this hotel is really impressive.  The outside looks corporate, and might turn some off, but the restaurant and art selections through the resort are upscale and gorgeous.
3	I went there just 2 weeks after the opening and I have DEFINITELY had better!we had asked for a 2 double bed size bedroom and we arrived, the girl at the reception says we don't have any available!!! what you wanted was a "reference" and we couldn't guarantee it!!!! WHAT?!?!?!? they offered to give us a one king size bed with an extra spring bed!!!! with no discounts or anything!!!!! of course, not way we could accept that, we asked to talk to the manager and she came and after a long discussion she released a few "reserved rooms" so that we could get what HAD ALREADY PAID FOR!!!!!-CONS:1) bad reception upon arrival2) bad room service, I had to wait in queue for 10 minutes and hang finally3) bad quality of rooms, like totally torn towels (only after 2 weeks of usage!!!!)4) bad phone receptionPROS:1) big hotel and casino2) exceptional design, very modern3) new facilities4) GREAT bakery and coffee place in the lobby and second floor
2	After working in the hospitality business as a Manager...I was sooo excited to be staying at the BRAND NEW Aria for a get together with my son over the Valentine weekend.  Reservations were made well in advance.  The room ###### was just a few steps away from the ice machine which was broken or not in service for the two nights we stayed. I mentioned to two housekeepers that the ice machine was broken and to please report it and also to a bell person.  The room looked as if it hadn't been dusted in a couple of weeks.  The windows were covered with dust and coated there from a previous rain.  Our room overlooked the pool of a sister hotel that we found out was closed. I had brought my swim suit as I was hoping it would be absolutely beautiful outside while we were there.  But...I'm sorry the hotel pools are not open yet.  So my son spoke with Megan, Concierge Manager and she told him he could go over to the Bellagio to swim, no problem.  Well it took 35 minutes to walk there with the worst directions and two maps given to us by the Concierge at Aria to find the Bellagio.  By the time we walked into the pool area and settled down an announcement was given that their pool would close in 15 minutes!   Thank you, Megan!Well the next morning I wanted to let my son sleep in so I went down to their cafe and was seated.  I waited in a near empty cafe and waited...looked around...waited...wasn't even offered coffee and I walked out.  I mean come on!  So I decided to try and find something else.  When I approached an escalator one of a group of men surrounding it told me I'd need to walk around because the escalator was closed due to glass breakage.  Well I was upset by then thinking that there was no one who even cared about our experience at the Aria...but a young man saw that I was upset and walked me over to an elevator and took me up to the Buffet area.  I did appreciate it so much.  He told cashier that I'd had a bad experience and to take good care of me.  But before being seated I was informed that the Buffet was $29.95 and needed to pay before being seated. Well, I truly wouldn't pay $29.95 for breakfast!!!!!!!  So I thanked the cashiers but I told them I just wouldn't pay that much for breakfast.  So I went downstairs and purchased some coffee and went back up to our room and decided to just give in and go home.  Aria doesn't want my business.  My son had been in Las Vegas at the MGM Grand and moved over to the Aria because it was so new and such an incredible hotel.  It is in the MGM stable of hotels in Vegas.  We wouldn't have moved from the MGM if we had known we would get this reception and service not complete.  Think two or three times before booking this hotel.  I'm interested to see if anyone had some of the same experiences.
5	No question about it: Aria is legit.It was between the Bellagio and Aria; pon a friend's (who had just stayed days prior) recommendation chose Aria. It was only a $10 difference.Words that come to mind when thinking of Aria:Sleek. Modern. Technology. Comfort. Excellent Service. Tasty food. THE ROOMWalking into the room, all I could do was smile. This was totally how I'd love to have my own room at home decorated in shades of brown and blue with clean lines.  I can only imagine what an actual suite here would look like if our "normal" room was hitting the mark.  THE BEDComfy!!! Best pillows ever. Not too firm, not too squishy and no annoying down feathers poking out! TECHNOLOGYlove. love. love how technologically advanced the room was. The room is controlled via remote/tv or with the lcd screen by the bed.  The home screen provides SO many options for lighting (refreshed, turn down, etc) and for the curtains.  Manage the curtains/sheers with the ease of a few buttons from the comfort of, well - wherever in the room you are. AWESOME. Don't wanna fuss with a bunch of buttons? Just press turn all off and all the lights and curtains shut off/close simultaneously.  Long are the days of awkwardly placing a Privacy sign out on the door too.  Now, you simply select the Privacy button on the screen (or Service if you need service: no, not THAT kind) and voile - the thin LCD screen outside your door illuminates in red with PRIVACY or in green with SERVICE. At the desk, there's ports for nearly everything; your iPod/iPhone, computer, and USBs galore.  Right there in between the overpriced snacks is a box complete with every charging cord you could possibly want in case you forgot yours.  I will say this - AT&T service is spotty here at best. I mean, no internet service, no 3G - nothing. For $15 you can, after verifying your room number and name, register for internet access. Yes, I did this and was satisfied once I had my electronic leash back in tact. ;)SERVICEEveryone spoke perfect English. Call me old fashioned- but speaking English is a big deal to me. The guy who came up to deliver our room service, who upon appearance you might assume wouldn't - totally did. AND he rocked at a quick set up of a table and arranging food, along with describing everything brought up - including a few extra items - as though my requests were anticipated! On another occasion, walking back to our room - one of the service ladies (who was just outside another room) asked us how we were doing and if there was anything they could do to improve our stay, to just let them know. SO nice AND so genuine. TIPS-Looking for the plug for the hairdryer, girls? Move the tissue box! -Parking is comped which is nice to know if you're driving in.
5	My boyfriend booked us rooms at the Aria for Valentine's day. I read most of the reviews on yelp, and noticed that people mostly complained about the service here. Give these guys a break, they are a NEW hotel. They are still working out the kinks and stuff. But I had an amazing time here. This place is huge! I didn't even leave the hotel (something very rare for me when in Vegas), because there was so much to do here.FOOD: You MUST eat at "The Buffet". It's around $35 for dinner (average for Vegas buffets). They have LOBSTER!! The lobster tails were amazing with butter or lemon. They also have Kind Crab legs, and pot roast just to name a few. Their Nutella Cake and Creme Brulee were excellent....I ate two servings of each! Their dessert section had pretty sugar art pieces similar to things you would see on The Food Network. I would go back to Aria just to eat their buffet...seriously the BEST buffet on the strip. Cafe Vettro is opened 24 hours, a great place to stop by after clubbing. I love the setting and design of this restaurant. The walls were made out of rocks in glass cases. Kinda hard to explain, but very beautiful and unique. The food here is nothing spectacular, but this restaurant is a nice place to hang out after the clubbing. ROOMS:I love the technology in the rooms. You just need to press a button by the door to have your room serviced or private. Just a press of a button "Room Off", would turn off the television and every light in your room. Very convenient for lazy drunk people like me. The room is decorated with a modern and sleek design. The mini-fridge is packed with snacks, water and small alcohol bottles. The bathroom is a little small if you're compared to the Wynn's. But his and hers sinks are always a plus. The bathroom plug is hidden behind the tissue box (took me awhile to find it). The bathroom lighting is white, great for girls doing makeup in. The doors in the shower and toilet is made out of glass. I know the glass door for the toilet went along with the whole theme and design of the room, but I don' think its convenient if my girlfriends and I were to stay here. You can see everything through the "frosted" glass door, if you're in the bathroom just washing your face or something. Another thing I didn't like about the room was the outside window was not cleaned! I couldn't enjoy the Vegas strip view from my room because the outside window had dirt all over! SERVICE:Check-in was fast and friendly. They have express check-out too, you just call to check out and leave your keys in the room. The servers at all of the restaurants were extremely friendly and welcoming. One thing I hated about the service was how long it always took for them to answer the phone! I would literally wait 10-15 minutes before someone would answer. This annoyed me, but its a new hotel and I'm sure they'll get more workers soon. CASINO:They have $15 Blackjack on Saturday night! THE CLUBThe only have one club here called "Haze". Its a small club compared to other Vegas clubs. The design of the club reminds me of a smaller version of Tao. There were girls with big boobs in sexy clothes standing in a glass case near the entrance. (Yay for Vegas!) But the dance floor was small, similar to the dance floor at LAX. I wouldn't go to the club again, it wasn't very impressive for a club in Vegas.PROS:Great food and ShoppingFree Valet parkingNice and technology advanced roomsBig casino, nice poker room**Amazing BUFFET**Friendly serviceYay for $15 Blackjack on Saturday night!CONS:Dirty outside window, couldn't enjoy the viewTook a long time for them to answer service calls
3	I haven't stayed here so I can only speak to the casino, which was large and everything -- tables, machines, bars, etc. -- was spread out over the wide space so it didn't feel cluttered at all.  It was pretty dark inside, but everything was clean and still felt new.  Nice (or at least "interesting") modern and somewhat 'space-y' designs throughout.  Also, the water elements outside are really pretty.  (Not in the same league as the Bellagio fountains, but worth a stop nonetheless.)  Aria definitely seemed to be catering to a higher-end crowd (overall, I mean) than most of the other casinos.  Probably feeding that perspective for me -- since I wasn't in that crowd -- was that the staff seemed a lot more aloof here than elsewhere.
5	I haven't stayed here yet -BUT based on what I saw in the casino it's definitely at the top of my list for my next stay! Swanky, modern, sexy, ooooh ya! will update with near future stay.
3	Everything good and bad you have heard about this hotel is absolutely true.  This hotel has a lot of good points but also a lot of bad points.  If you are willing to overlook the complaints that people have posted about the airport-like architecture and service glitches - you will definitely enjoy your stay.  This place has a lot of potential, they just need to listen to their guests feedback and improve.Pros:Pillows, Linens and Beds: absolutely decadent and comfortable.Staff: Everyone was very pleasant and enthusiastic about their job.  Everyone I dealt with at check-in, bell desk, players club, concierge and housekeeping was cheerful and accommodating.Room:  A beautiful room and bathroom setup.  The minibar offered a lot of unexpected conveniences, although overpriced.Technology: This can be a pro or con depending upon your level of comfort with gadgets.  I thought the touchscreen was very easy to use and it was nice to be able to control the room privacy, curtains, and lights from bed.Restaurants and Shopping: The Crystals shopping center is directly attached to the hotel.  The selection and quality of the restaurants at the hotel is astounding.NO RESORT FEE: The price they advertised was the price they charged.  Resort fees are ridiculous and Aria does not charge them.Cons:Valet/Taxi Pickup:  You have to walk a full block to get to the valet pickup and taxi service.  There is so much empty space in between the front of the hotel and where you pick up your car where they could have conveniently placed the pickup or at least a scanner where you could scan your ticket on your way towards the valet.  The weather in Vegas is very uncomfortable 75 percent of the time - why they would subject their guests to this trek is beyond me.Check-In/Concierge lines: There is no central line for everyone to wait in.  There are just several little lines like at the supermarket and you can wait a very long time if you happen to be unlucky behind another guest who is being served for a long time.  I could see that this frustrated people and I hope they change this.Hold time while contacting the front desk:  You can wait on the phone to speak to the front desk for 5-10 minutes.  This is unacceptable.Casino drink service: You will not get a complimentary drink while sitting at the slot machines unless you jump up and down and flag down a cocktail waitress.  Even then, they might just walk by you.Sound Insulation: These rooms are not very well sound-proofed between the hallway and the room next door.  You might want to bring earplugs.  Also, you can hear *everything* that happens in your own bathroom.Bedroom Lighting: The room was very dark - if you like to read in bed you should bring a booklight.Power Outlets: There were no power outlets that were reachable by the bed.  The lamps were plugged in behind the headboard.  If you need to plug something in bring an extension cord.This is a great hotel, but there are some missteps that could improve overtime.  I had a great time during my stay even though some things were frustrating.  But I would still go back.
5	Really, this place only has an average of 4 stars? My girlfriends and I stayed here over MLK weekend and had THE best time! This place is mad sexy.Our friend booked it through an Expedia package deal with her flight from NYC, so we got it for a pretty good deal, like $149ish(?) a night for three nights. She mentioned at check-in that we were celebrating a birthday so they hooked us up with a room that had a sick view on the 20th floor. Absolutely beautiful view. Man, was it a WALK from the elevator though; this hotel has some pretty loooong hallways. I mean, just look at the outside appearance and you can see what I mean. No big deal, might as well burn some calories since we'd be spending our nights in pure eating and drinking gluttony.The hotel itself is so technologically advanced! You won't see any "Do Not Disturb" door hangers here, just press a button and your request for privacy lights up in red (or service in green) on an LCD plate outside the door. My baaad. My friends and I even had fun playing with the switches for the huge windows, the sexy "mood lighting," and just about everything else that can be manipulated. And if I remember correctly, you don't even have to SWIPE your room key -- simply hover it over the door sensor. Super Bond Girl-status cool.The staff was always so courteous, and crazy generous with the toiletries and towels! They even delivered chocolates on a plate to us one morning! So sweet.The hotel itself is swanky and modern. Oh, and the gelato at Jean Philippe is GREAT! Effing tasty. Everything about Aria (and the City Center in general) made me smile and I'd love to return. I've stayed in many Vegas hotels on the Strip, but this is definitely one of my favorite.
4	Its really nice and modern. the Crystals shopping area looks very clean and sterile. The architecture is magnificent. The restaurants are fancy and so are the shopping stores. Go check out the LV store, its 3 stories!The casino is kinda dark. Hard to find your friends if you get separated. The blackjack tables were $10 min and up which is pretty good. The Zeus and Zeus II slot machine game was so much fun! Went there 3-4 times during the weekend. I would go check it out to see the new hotel/casino in vegas. Room prices aren't that bad, but I didn't stay there. I'll try to stay here sometime soon. But...I still like Venetian/Palazzo...Their suites are a great size and the location is perfect - Sorry city center, you're too far from the mall.
5	I loved the hotel rooms....most comfy bed in the whole world! Once I figured out how to control the room, I loved the technology.  I loved the shower and bathtub combo and someday would love to have that set up in my own house!Now, the casino is too new and too tight and the drinks at the Deuce were WAY too expensive.  Crystals is an amazing mall, high, high end, but gorgeous to visit nonetheless!Check it out!
2	Aria is modern and pimp!  That's all I say about the structureDealers and workers:They are super diks to people,,, they treat everyone like garbage...  I won't be surprised if this place gets no repeat business because I would never play here again...
3	I enjoyed my stay at Aria. The rooms were high tech with a beautiful view. Our bed had sheets had a decent thread count and was very comfy. I didn't like the casino that much. No bonus on pai gow. We had dinner at American Seafood it was average at best food was okay kinda boring no bold flavors decor was what we had expected. We had breakfast at Cafe Vettro it was awesome they serve breakfast lunch or dinner 24/7 and the atmosphere was very pleasant and decor was pretty. I'm a little disappointed by the City Center overall was expecting Gotham City got present day ultra chic Las Vegas.
3	Tries hard but ultimately fails in luxury.  Got in for the F&F discount of $119.20/night + tax on a Wednesday night.  Awesome welcome: When you open your room for the first time, the curtains open, lights turn on, the music starts playing, and the tv welcomes you, by name, to the Aria.  This doesn't happen again no matter what you do to the controls (I verified with the front desk).  The touch screen is nice but fairly gimmicky.  The screen was slow to respond and it took me a good 20 minutes to figure out all the functions - and I'm an engineer!    It is neat that you can use it to request room service or privacy without having to leave the bed, but I think the touch screen just confuses you with too many options.  Bed was nice and plush with a TON of pillows and silky smooth sheets.  The towels were super fluffy and soft.  However, the maid did leave a service towel in my bathroom- accidentally, I assume.  Shower was nice with a bathtub set next to it making for a large hygiene space.  My view of the pool was nice, even in the winter time.  Hotel is kinda set back from the strip, so it's a bit of a walk to get anywhere else.  The parking complex is also kind of confusing with BIG gaps between cars.  Helps prevent door dings, but takes up a lot of valuable parking real estate.  $20 for internet connectivity?  Are you kidding me?  Good thing I my data plan with T-mobile worked well.  However, my coworkers struggled with reception on other networks.All in all, a good hotel for the price I paid, but probably not worth it if I paid full price.
3	The room, casino, and restaurants were awesome looking, definitely the decor was my style compared to other resorts like Wynn, Encore or the Bellagio. However, I made reservations for two queen beds and they sent me my confirmation via e-mail, but when i showed up to check in they told me they ran out of rooms with two queen beds, so they offered me one bed and a roll-away, so I said no and after 20 minutes (i asked her to check smoking and non-smoking again) or so I asked if she can talk to her manager and so she went over there and then she came back and said they do have a two queen bed room for me. I've dealt with this in the past (Mandalay Bay), but they would only mess around for like 2 mins. I'll try this place one more time this summer and i'll let you know if it gets worse.
3	Interiors feel like an Indian gaming casino on steroids. Not as glamourus as the idealized movie scene of Vegas with hot ppl throwing dice holding martinis yelling, but more grown-up, relaxed, airy, dark, sterile, placid, airporty, glassy, over-the-top-yet-held-back, sometimes trying too hard, the visual antithesis to Wynn. All these things being a plus or minus depending how you wanna boast to your friends that you're in Vegas' newest 10 billion dollar complex. And yes it's true, the beds feel like cloud heaven. But if I could magically have one wish for Aria, I would hope to god they change their logo one day. It makes no sense.
3	I was recently in Vegas, on business, and decided to take advantage of a promotion that Aria was holding.  The rooms were very modern and I was impressed with the presentation.  I had no issues with my room and loved the fact that I could control everything from my bed (e.g. lighting, tv, heat, A/C, etc.)... a definite PLUS if you're out all night!The lobby was also very modern with the dark wood that I love.  I have to say that the reception area was not that good and the folks are way too slow in checking people in.  I'm sure they are trying to give everyone special treatment but the woman that was walking around trying to funnel folks to the right lines was horrible!  She never explained anything to me, so I wound up waiting longer than I needed to... probably because I wasn't sporting Prada luggage.The restaurants at Aria were very good, prompt, and had excellent service.  You must check out the Japanese restaurant (forgot the name) just to see the entrance alone (when it's closed)... it's pretty spectacular.The spa was also very nice.  I took advantage of everything they had to offer.  I have to admit that I didn't get the "salt room".  I didn't feel any positive effects from it but the hot stone bed is a MUST.  I'm sure I fell asleep on it because it was so heavenly.Aria is a definite 'must visit' at least once if you're a Vegas regular, but I have to admit there are others out there that trump it.
5	I LOVE the Aria and especially the guest rooms! The best features of the gorgeous rooms include:- most comfortable bed I have ever slept in with the most amazing pillows too; I really need to call the hotel to ask them where I can buy my own!- great technology that allowed us to control all the lights, and the curtains, and the room temperature, music, and even the "do not disturb" light from a touch screen remote beside the bed- coolest shower/bath set-up ever - the bath tub was within the big square glass shower which was fun to play in and create an "infinity bath!"- when we ordered champagne to our room, they also suggested chocolate covered strawberries which were delicious!Also, the hotels restaurants were great. There are lots of super options though they are a little pricey. We loved Jean Georges, the Patisserie, and Lemongrass (basically everywhere we tried!) and the others all looked good too.The colors of the casino are a bit gloomy with a lot of brown and the fact that the Craps table took a lot of money from us made it feel even gloomier. The dealers did not seem to be Vegas's "A Team" either... I'd rather go elsewhere to gamble but here to stay!!!The entrance and waterfall are gorgeous too - you should check out City Center even if you are not staying there!
4	A friend and I stayed at the Aria 02/21-2/24 and I must say it was a good experience overall.  When we arrived, checkin took approximately 30 mins and the desk clerk was very friendly and informative.  After receiving an explanation of where all the highlights of the Aria were, we made our way to our room.  One complaint I do have is in regards to the Aria's TooTight security in front of the room elevators.  I understand the need for security, but the constant checking of every guest to see if they have a room key is a bit much.  I noticed that this is especially troublesome for women, since they have to continue to dig through their purses to find the key each time they go back up to the room.We did breakfast, brunch and dinner at the buffet and it was very good, I feel in love with the anchovies there (originally I thought they were sardines due to the size).  The food is of a good quality and the desserts are excellent, I'd recommend the oreo shooter to anyone.  The only downside to the buffet is that the offerings are somewhat repetitive; I noticed on several occasions that they Asian section always had orange chicken, mixed veggies and beef and broccoli, even during breakfast at 8am.  I'm not Asian, but I doubt a lot of people eat sweet and sour chicken at 8am :-)The casino was great, I had two of my longest ever slot machine sessions there: one was for 2.5 hrs on a mega bucks $1 machine and another was for 2 hrs on a 2 credit reel $1 machine.  For the table games the dealers were really friendly and the slot floor supervisors and drink service was excellent.  One one occasion the cocktail waitress even remembered what I was drinking and corrected me when I ordered the wrong thing, due to being inebriated :DAll in all, I give this place 4 stars.  My only suggestions are to loosen the elevator security, add more variety to the buffet and add some late night dining options.  We found ourselves going to other casinos whenever it was after 10pm just to find food.Note: The Aria is very tight on comps if they give you a comped room.  I played through about 15k over 3 days and that wasn't even enough to get us 1 free breakfast.  So, it seems that you need to play through at least 10k per day just to cover a comped room.
4	Before I visited, I was a little concerned because I read all these mixed reviews.  So when we finally get here, I first notice how the parking is situated...  A lot of wasted space.  There's a car slot then a space, and the space is big enough for another car!  And then there's another car slot and another space big enough for another car.  That's wasted space...  You could have twice as many cars by making their garage this way.  So, we finally get a space, and go in to the hotel.  Pretty nice, and an interesting sculpture as you enter the hotel.  It's a chrome like sculpture resembling The Terminator...  The hotel overall is pretty nice.  Lots of slots and center of hotel are all the tables.  You also need to show your card key to get up to your room, which is good for safety reasons.  Checking in was a tad bit slow, which was what some people had mentioned here on Yelp.  But what a lot of people were wrong about was the room.  I was defintely pleased with the room, although my mom kept messing with the controls and kept turning off the lights.  But once you get used to the control panel on your night stand, it was easy.  The actual remote control for the tv was useless though.  The room was defintely comfy, and I had plenty of room to move around.  I'm petite but I love having lots of space.  Bathroom is pretty roomy too.  Shower and tub is separate but together, if you understand that.  See other peoples photos...  Also got the chance to eat at the Buffet...  To me, the interior reminded me of a cafeteria, food was okay, sushi was dried out, and althought I ate a couple of pieces, I actually steered away from it...  The desserts were pretty typical, but my favorite was the Coffee Shooters.  Small little shot glass of coffee mousse, creme, and chocolate shavings...  It was really Yummy...  So yummy, I had two!  Overall the hotel was really nice.  I'd stay here again if the price is right...
4	I'm not sure why other guests has such a bad experience, but my trip to Aria was pleasurable. Positives:1) The valet staff was quick and pleasant. 2) I was checked into my room immediately.3) I have a very high sense of smell and really enjoyed the vanilla smell in the casino. Anything beats the gross smell of cigarettes. 4) The casino itself is modern and beautifully decorated. It's definitely sexy. 5) The room is fairly large and is great for those that love technology. 6) The bed is large and comfortable. I could stay in bed all day. Cons:1) The only late night eatery is the cafe.2) The cafe is over priced and has a limited menu. $7.50 for orange juice!!! I ordered chilaquiles for breakfast. It was bland and dry and didn't even come with rice and beans. The waiter was incredibly rude and acted like I was bothering him when I requested salsa. Stay away from this place. I don't mind spending money on food so long as it is worth it. THIS PLACE IS NOT WORTH IT.3) A mix drink is $17+.I didn't gamble at any tables so I can't really speak on that. I would definitely stay here again. All the staff members were pleasant. I never walked by a staff member without being greeted.  I had a way better experience than some of the other reviewers. Be prepared to drop some cash if you stay here.
2	City Center doesn't belong in Las Vegas.  Aria's exterior looks more fit for downtown San Francisco.  The casino area is extremely dark with very little lighting.  The lobby and casino area had a vanilla smell that gave my a headache during my stay here.The hotel rooms are very high tech with automated curtains and lighting.  The bathroom is probably one of the nicer ones I've seen in Vegas.  The touchscreen controls are a neat addition but I don't think hotel guests spend enough time in their rooms to play with the controls and enjoy it.  I'm on vacation and don't want to sit there for an hour to learn how to use all this useless stuff.  If they stayed at Aria, they probably did what I did.  Spend as little time here as possible and walk over to the casinos next door to play because Aria's casino floor smells like a cheap strip club minus the boobs.It was also difficult to navigate in Aria.  The hotel layout is confusing and prior to leaving, I still couldn't find a fast way to get to my hotel room.  The signs points me to one direction and I find myself walking around the whole floor to get to my room when I should have taken another turn and got there much faster.  Maybe the alcohol hindered my ability to navigate intelligently but I still blame it on the hotel.It's hard to explain why I don't like Aria without sounding like I had preconceived negative feelings towards this place.  Just spend a couple hundred bucks on a night here and you'll see what I mean.However, customer service is top notch!  I think they know their casino smells like cheap stripper lotion so they make it up with great service.  I'll be back only if my next room is comped.  By the way, I wouldn't know what cheap stripper lotion smells like, but I can imagine it would smell very much like Aria's casino floor.  Tip of the day:  "If you split 10's... Don't order anymore drinks!" ;)
4	First visit to Vegas in several years.  We wanted to check out the new city center so we booked a suite at the Aria.  Ditto all comments below: confusing layout (they want you to gamble),  slightly confused front desk and housekeeping staff (doesn't "PRIVACY" mean don't knock on the door announcing ""housekeeping!!!"" at nine a.m.????"Pros:Love the super high tech rooms, it's like being in Hong Kong.  Not that hard to figure out but lots of switches and LEDs galore.  One warning, the minibar is weight based computer sensed, so if you take something out just to look at it you may be charged. Our suite was amazing.  Huge.  A main sitting area with dining table, large couch, amazing views, and a 50" flat screen!  The bedroom was a nice size, more amazing views, a super comfortable bed, tons of down pillows and a 32" flat screen.  Main bathroom, "to die for",  and I use that expression with extreme caution because it is so lame and over used. The first chamber is the WC with a high tech toilet seat, so warm and inviting with the options of back OR front bidet cleansing, oscillating or standard stream and air drying.  Americans have needed this for so long! Second chamber is a good size shower full of slippery marble and glass and one of those deceptive LEED shower heads that promise a deluge but deliver a dribble.  Then there is a deep tub with views that go on forever and another flatscreen just in case.  Room service was tasty (only had breakfast) and very prompt.  Lots of great artwork around the property (Maya Lin, Henry Moore) but it helps to know where to look for it because this is one monstrous building.
3	Pulling up to the brand spanking new City Center, my friends and I all agreed:  the place feels like a modernistic airport.Cold architecture aside, the City Center is definitely very impressive.  While being massive, it is also very beautifully done and detailed.  The artwork and design of the bars and restaurants in particular is impressive.  An all-amethyst bartop at one of the casino floor bars; a purple-hued wall of Manet in another....just simply gorgeous in numerous establishments within the City Center.The rooms, however, were less than desirable.  While very technologically sophisticated, they are simply average in Vegas terms-  not huge, low ceilings, brownish coloring, moderately impressive.  Similar to what you would find at Caesars or Mandalay, and NOT TOUCHING the Wynn.  My biggest gripe about our experience was the extended waiting throughout our stay.  30-40 minutes standing at the check-in desk.  15 minutes on hold with the bell desk (in which case I ended up hanging up and physically walking down there to retrieve our bags), and extended holding every time we called the front desk.  Also, I ordered something from housekeeping and waited an hour for it to arrive.  Bring a book, people.To sum it up- I am looking forward to visiting City Center again to dine, drink, shop, gawk and gamble, but I probably wont choose to actually stay there in the rooms once again.  A MUST see property, however.
3	My stay at Aria over the weekend was OK but not excellent.  This hotel was really crowded, and they ran out of rooms with double beds and rollaway beds.  Despite we booked our rooms for double occupancy, we did not get it and people in our party had to sleep on couches and on the floor.  I think the hotel still needs some time to run its operation smoothly.Pros:- Decor was contemporary.  Everything was new.- High tech features in the rooms.  You can choose to open the curtain, turn on the TV with a specified channel, and turn on all the lights when you set the alarm clock.  I felt like a queen when I was woken up in style.- The bath was in the shower.  Interesting design but nice.Cons:- Hidden hotel elevators.  We walked pass the elevator banks a couple of time because they are hidden behind the chocolate shop.- The layout was not clear.  We did not know that there was another side of the casino hidden behind the Players Club until after we checked out.- No covered walkway from Aria to Crystals Shopping Center.  You have to walk outside to go to the next building.- $30 to use the fitness center.  The machines and equipments were upgraded from those in the 24-hour fitness.  But nothing special that was worth paying $30 a day to use the facility.
1	Aria doesn't deserve to be on the strip. They are cheaters. Please don't go there. We had many horrible experiences this weekend. We booked 2 rooms. The lady who helped us to check-in doesn't have any experience. She took more than 20 mins to check in and took more than 30 mins for the person standing before us.The room was too techy for a common man besides most of them not working. Our restroom door never moved until the room service came and my cousin's rest room door got locked with her wife and baby inside. He called the Service people for help and told " The Restroom door got locked with a person inside, she couldn't open it" and in response they asked "Who is the person?"! Is he kidding why they hell he need who the person is? finally they came after 15mins and fixed it.Mean while the couple who booked our next room couldn't get into the room because no one could fix the issue, the service man started drilling a hole in the door. They charged us $10 for an unopened Almonds pack.Too Pricy, Too Contemp , Worst Service, Too Techy, We will never go there. Doesn't fit in Vegas.
1	Aria does not feel like Vegas...it feels like a dark hole with people trying to rob you of money. Worst customer experience I've ever had, ever. First the valet is in the back of the casino, you have to lug your leakages through the casino, bars, stores to the front of the hotel where the bell desk is. When we asked the staff where anything was, no one knew anything! I ordered champagne and strawberries a week prior to my stay. Gave my credit card info. When I got there it I stayed in my room for an hour an half going through different hotel staff with my "disappeared" order. They later changed their store to my card got decline- the card that I just used for gas and my card with unlimited spending...right Then we ordered two glass cups to be delivered to our room so we could drink before dinner- it took 2 hours...for two cups. Breakfast the next day was another disappointment- they delivered glass water with lipstick on it. Why would I eat anything with their dishes All they could offer me was a "Sorry" and their horrible customer service DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY! You'll feel like that hotel guy from Oceans 12
4	I had such a great experience.  My trip was Monday-Thursday so it was definitely less crowded than on the weekends.  After reading so many bad reviews I was really worried about coming here...but I'm glad I did anyways.Driving up and valet parking was SO easy!  Check in was less than five minutes and they moved me to higher floor for no extra charge.  I was also given a $75.00 resort credit which was applied to my bill with NO problem at all.  All the staff at the Aria were really friendly and it was such a nice change from all the other casinos where no one would want to help you out.The basic rooms are really nice.  Everything is controlled electronically which is cool but was sometimes annoying.  I was watching TV and I hit something on the remote control and all of the sudden the curtains closed and all the electricity went out and I had to go stumbling in the dark to try and turn the lights on.  The soaking tubs in the bathrooms are nice but they are not very long.  I'm only 5'4 and I had to fold my legs like a pretzel to get in!  The Aria is floor to ceiling windows which gives an excellent view of the strip from where ever you are.  The only problem with all these windows is that after it rains the raindrops leave behind their residue and dirt.  And it had rained the week before and the windows had not been cleaned and it really took away from the view.  There was even a window in the hallway that has caked on bird poop and it was not cleaned in the four days that we were there.  I think they need to come up with a way to keep those windows clean especially after a rain storm.All the places we ate were great (Skybox, Lemongrass, Buffet, Sweet Chill, and the Roasted Bean).  The restaurants are really expensive and the best value by far was the buffet.  There was never a wait at ANY of the restaurants at any time.We also saw the Viva Elvis show which I loved.  I'm a huge Elvis fan and anyone that is should see this show.  The Viva Elvis gift shop was really cute with all sorts of souvenirs that you just can't live without :o)My guilty pleasure in life is slot machines :o)  However, the slot machines in the Aria are mostly electronic.  Which means that they don't even have the old fashioned reels in them.  How easy is that to set up for a NO win situation?  I steered clear of those machines and due to that fact I didn't gamble very much here.Checking out took two minutes however you have to go down in person to do it.  They give you the option of checking out on the TV screen and even to have your receipt e-mailed to you.  So I input my e-mail address and then I had to wait for a few minutes only to be told that the system could not process this request.  So why give me the option if the system isn't set up yet?  The only "bad" part of the experience was actually getting our car out of the valet which we hadn't used in three days.  It took closer to 30 minutes to get the car.  And everyone in the waiting room had also been there for a long time.  A lot of people were complaining!  They really have to get the valet system organized!I had a great time and my only regret is that my trip wasn't longer.  I will be back here again and I'm happy to see a new concept like this come alive in Vegas!
4	We stayed here the first night of our trip and it was absolutely gorgeous outside and inside.  Our rooms were very high tech and the room overall was beautiful.  This is pretty different in terms of feel to other casinos as this place has a warm, homely vibe.  It's pretty dark compared to most of the other casinos which I thought was pretty cool.The staff was very friendly as were the dealers and bartenders.  I would definitely not hesitate to stay here again.  Only stupid thing was, if you pick up any of the items on the food bar, they automatically charge it regardless of if you place it back, so make sure you check your bill!  A box of cashews were $12 lol.
3	Stayed here in January after it had only been open a month or so and was blown away by the feel of it.  The rooms are all programed to open the curtains, turn on the lights and music when you enter the room each time which feels so cool when you come in.  I had room service there once a few times and they were always great when making sure everything was okay and cleaning up and such-plus the food was pretty damn good (not the best for the price-but still tasty).  I personally had no problems with my room at all-everything i requested was brought up promptly and everyone i talked to was very polite and accommodating-my friends however-all had TERRIBLE service.  They had to call room service repeatedly or they would clean the room while they were in there-some called 6 times for a roll away and never got it in the 3 nights they were there...things like that-so for their sake i took it down a few stars because they lacked over all consistency.on a side note-their beds were UNbelievably comfortable.  I felt like i was Ariel in the little mermaid where she falls asleep in the Prince's castle and she plops down in the bed and the whole thing practically swallows her whole...they were amazing. 5 star beds for sure.
3	Stayed at the Aria for two nights last week.  Was scheduled for 4 nights, but had to cut the trip short for personal reasons.  The building is truly an architectural marvel.  The spaces that have been created are visually stunning and really conveys a feeling that you are in a modern art museum rather than a hotel/casino.  That is also the weakness of the property.  Its a little like one of those houses owned by an architect that is for sale.  You walk in and say wow, but you don't buy it.First the rooms:  I had a basic non-view room that I found to be absolutely wonderful.  The bed are the best hotel beds I have ever experienced.  I usually don't sleep well in hotels, I slept like a log in these beds.  The electronics enabled you to set/control the lights, temperature, music, videos from one panel.  It is a feature that, while fanscinating, ended up taking more time learning how to operate than one would spend just flipping on the lights or pulling a drapery cord.  The sound system in the room was very nice as was the high definition tv.  I like bathrooms and the shower/tub combination.  I was little disappointed with the room safes.  The small such that my laptop took up just about all the space.  Also there no charging outlets in the safe, like there are in the Palazzo for recharging electronics while they are securely stored.Gaming:All I did for gaming was the poker room.  The poker room is very nice sufficient number of tv's, the chairs were very comfortable one could sit there for hours (I did) and without feeling uncomfortable.Staff:The staff in every area, gaming, housekeeping, bars, restaurants, front desk were wonderful.  They were personable, attentive and smiling.  I did not have a single negative experience with anyone at the property.Property Layout:  This my biggest issue with the property.  I used to rely on taxis in LV, but with the increased cost of cab fares and number of properties I see on a typical trip, I now opt for a rental car.  The property is confusing to navigate off LV Blvd.  If you use the valet, it is pretty straightforward.  If you self-park (so you can get your car exactly when you want it, the parking is at a different entrance.  From the self-park, you have to walk across the entire length of the property to get to the front desk.  Most hotels are designed with a central elevator bank.  Because Aria is laid out lengthwise, you wind up with long walks to get to other areas of the hotel.Restaurants:I ate at the buffet and the Skybox in the sports book.  The buffet was very good I had a couple of breakfasts there.  Two complaints, the first was the biscuits and gravy had a sweet taste that I found displeasing, the second was I had some sausage that were not hot.  I pointed out the sausages to my server and she promptly brought me heated sausages.  I had a Caesar salad at the Skybox that was wonderful.  Only complaint regarding the restaurants was the pricing.  $23.95 for a Saturday breakfast buffet (no booze) was on the high end.On balance, I would stay at this property again, but it will never be my favorite.  The two best features were the beds and the poker room.
5	First off I was staying in a suite. So their was a HUGE difference between my room and a regular room. I was in LOVE with this place the moment I stepped in my room. I had a living/tv room, a bar, a huuuge bathroom, a 1/2 bathroom, and a spacious bedroom. Everything was very high tech, clean, and beautiful. Our view was KILLER! I think we had the skyscraper suite. The bathroom and the bedroom had the best view. I felt like I was in a Penthouse in New York. The settings and switches were pretty high tech and confusing at times but I loved it. The room service was incredible, from the maids to the in-dining experience. I ordered roasted chicken at 2 in the morning and they came to my door 10 minutes later. The lady came with a cute decorated table with my dish and two waters. She set it up in the bedroom and politely walked away. The food was definitely the best room service food I have ever ordered. We even had breakfast, It was so delicious and fresh. We ordered a breakfast for 9 people, it was me and my bf's family, and it arrived in 20 minutes. I also noticed that the maid's knocked at our door every 6 hours to clean the room. In order for them to leave your room alone you have to turn off the "service" button and press the "privacy" button. I guess the "service" button was on when we checked in. I also ordered some extra bath salt and the maid ran it up in 5 min. I timed it. The casino itself is very nice and new. The only thing I didn't like was the decor in the main casino room . It's way to dark. The chocolatier in the hotel was OUT OF THIS WORLD! You must pay a visit to Jean Phillipe's chocolatier. It's located by the back entrance to the hotel. All in all this hotel was absolutely incredible. If your looking to book a suite or have a hotel host, call them up and book at Aria. This hotel is incredible!
1	I wish I had a better reason for hating this place but I don't. I haven't stayed at the hotel but I have hung out there and had drinks at a bar and a club.  I hated both places. Very weak drinks at both places. The decor doesn't seem like Vegas at all either.  Aria reminds of a dorky guy that is trying too hard to be cool. It's basically like a guy who's a douche but a hotel instead.
4	It was real PIMP went i walked into the room and the curtains opened.  We had a nice view of the Palms and 15 freeway (not being sarcastic).  Doesn't take much to impress me.  The center panel by the bed pretty much controlled the whole room.  Right when we walked out of the elevator to gamble, there was this lounge area with a pianist taking request (make sure you tip).  As a joke i asked the pianst to play "My heart will go on" by Celine Dion.And the pianst actually played it haha.Everything you need is at the ARIA.  They got a club, a lounge area etc.  I would definately like to stay here again but with a bigger room.  Maybe some kind of a presidential suite when i can afford it.
4	The room was amazing. We were in a Sky Villa and the view was great. The electronics were a little tough to manage. I turned on every light in the room and opened all the blinds in both bedrooms by accident at 4:00 in the morning. Just by pushing one button.
4	Aria is just cool........period. I was in Vegas for 5 days for work and fun. Decided to check out Aria since it was new and seemed very modern. Rooms are average size but definitely modern and hip compared to most rooms in Vegas. The remote control system that worked the curtains, lighting, TV, and music was cool and very easy to use and understand. The first room they gave me had a view of another tower and construction below. I paid $15 to upgrade to a strip view and it was worth every penny. Ended up with an awesome view from the 35 floor. The floor to ceiling windows were awesome! I love the frosted glass in the bathroom and the way the tub and shower were together. Very fun! The bed was incredible. Very comfortable.We had good service everywhere we went in the resort/ casino. The textures and design of the casino is very cool. No gold fixtures or flower prints at this place. Everything is brown tones, dark, edgy and modern! This place has a really good vibe to it. On the downside... the floor to ceiling windows in the room were really super dirty. That was a bummer when you have a great view. The need to keep the windows clean!! The food bar in the room is lame. WAY overpriced and everything is sensored so you can't even pick up an item to look at it or you get charged for it whether you want it or not! If you park in self-park, you will find it is a 2 mile hike to get to the check in area!! You actually need to follow the signs and go outside to get to the front desk rather than go inside through the casino. It's kinda weird. I would definitely stay here again, but not until the prices come down or I have a special offer.
4	My wife and I just got home from Vegas... we stayed at Aria from Friday to Sunday and we had a great time. As soon as we pulled up to the front, this hotel definitely has that WOW factor. As we stood inline, we couldn't help but over hear some people getting checked-in really quick, and a couple other people complaining about something and wanting upgrades during the time of check-in. No clue what that was all about but we were waiting for these people for a good 15 minutes. Luckily for us, the process only took less than 5 minutes. We had a friend who got there the night before and was able to upgrade us to a strip view and two adjoining rooms next to his...FREE of charge!!The view was freakin AWESOME! I paid close attention to the decor and little details, and everything was on point design/function wise. The touch screen user panel was easy to use, but a slight inconvenience when you wanted to do a simple thing, such as turn off the tv! The highlight of the room is the bed! Super soft and plush with lots of pillows to hug your body.We tried out their room service at 3:30am...pretty quick, convenient, and the food was surprisingly good (but a bit pricey)! I'm not sure if being drunk had to do with it, but we cleaned the plate up! What's nice is that they wheel in a table in your room and set it all up...then when you're done, you can roll it into the hall way and call the number for them to come pick it back up.As far as the rest of the hotel, restaurants, casino floor... decor and attention to detail is pretty nice. Service and staff is helpful and friendly. One of the dealers was patient with us and taught my wife and I how to play one of the games. Lots of different restaurants to choose from, but I'll leave a review for one of those restaurants later! The tram is VERY convenient...getting to the Belagio and Monte Carlo is nice since you really don't have to go outside. The fact that its the "City Center", you really are centrally located to EVERYTHING on the strip. Cab rides were cheap since every where we wanted to go was pretty close!Check out was quick, simple, easy and convenient... Definitely gonna try to stay here the next time I head to Vegas!
5	You need to go here if you go to Las Vegas.  Everything about the City Center is sexy.  It doesn't matter what you do here, you can go here and do nothing, just walk around, and be blown away by the sensory overload you will experience.I know for a fact this place cost a ton a money to build.  So much so that the builder almost defaulted after borrowing so much, and spending billions without sparing almost any expense (arguably worker safety was compromised to build this massive awe-inspired structure).
4	Came here a while ago for my honey's birthday and had a very pleasant experience. The rooms are huge and very comfortable. The sheets on the bed as so soft you think you were transported to heaven! Everything in the room is electronically controlled which is great but also a negative as 1/2 the time the touch screen central control didn't work. :(Great hotel .. Great service.. and best of all is you can't smell smoke from the casino.. yet..
4	Aria is not your typical Vegas hotel. I don't really know how to describe it but it feels different. It has a very modern and clean vibe to it. Lots of funky shapes, but you won't find your typical over the top Vegas decorations. (i.e. A garden with a butterfly the size of a car, tigers, etc.) And as soon as you step in, you're hit with a lovely scent of vanilla. It's not overpowering and it immediately calms you. I can see why this place feels like LAX (the airport. not the club) and it's a bit on the dark side. I think it's because of all the brown ish tones. The hotel/casino is also smaller than most of the other hotels and casinos. Personally, I liked that. It had all the essentials, but it wasn't so overwhelming that I had to check 500 Blackjack tables just to find the bf. I was honestly expecting something horrible and even told the bf that if the service and hotel sucks, I'm checking myself into Encore. But I was very surprised at the service and the hotel itself. First off, the staff is extremely nice. When we were checking in, I had a few questions about the spa and they gave me all the information I needed and even showed me on a map how to access the spa. Then, we got lost trying to find the tram to the Bellagio and a security guard walked us from some random corner all the way down to the lobby and showed us how to get to the tram. It was a 10 minute walk and he could have easily given us complicated directions, but was nice to show us where to go. The dealers at the tables were also friendly and funny. I hate serious, boring dealers! If you're going to take all my money, at least crack a few jokes and be nice!The rooms are also smaller than the other Vegas hotels, but no complaints there. The beds are almost as comfortable as the Wynn/Encore beds and everything is controlled by one touch screen remote. I'm technologically retarded and had some trouble figuring things out, but it's the ideal creation for someone that's as lazy as I am. You can control EVERYTHING from your bed. Temperature, turning off bathroom lights (it's fun to turn it off when someone's in the bathroom), etc. I didn't have too many issues with the room, 1 of the lamps weren't working. Not that it's a big deal, but a hotel like Aria should have everything working properly.The room service menu had a lot of items on it and I ordered the bf a surprise cheesecake on his bday and they were able to write "Happy Birthday" on the side for me. We didn't order anything else off the room service menu, but the cafe downstairs serves almost the exact same items (minus the service charge). We dined at the cafe and the food was good, but a little pricey. Overall, I do recommend coming and staring at Aria. They definitely have kinks that they still need to work out, but the staff has a friendly and positive attitude so I think they'll be able to achieve that soon! =)
2	Please do yourself a favor, listen to the reviews and do NOT stay here. I recommend you visit for a view, it's architecturally gorgeous and visually extremely appealing ... but please if you can help it AT ALL do not stay at this hotel.I came here this past weekend and experienced something I had never experienced before in a Las Vegas hotel, especially one of this caliber; I was disappointed. My disappointment lasted the entirety of the stay and not once, despite the hotel manager's niceness, did it change from disappointment to contentment.That's something to be said about this multi-billion dollar establishment whose advertisement claims it rivals that of top notch hotels like Wynn and Venetian. When you go to a hotel, some of the basic things you expect are that all of the regular items are there such as cups for drinking, ice bucket, toiletries, towels ... these are pretty normal. I have gone to 2-star middle of nowhere motels or inns where these items were properly in their place. However, after a tedious check in process where they don't have lines and it's literally a free for all at the bar of check in (who does this?) I was faced with a room missing all kinds of basic essentials.That's okay, I already told myself that I wanted to stay here despite the bad reviews so I pressed on thinking that they are new, they have 4,400 rooms so sometimes there will be little things missing here and there.The notorious everything remote was actually frozen, and after several calls to the front desk, I ended up fixing it myself by resetting the remote and reconnecting it so that it would work again. It didn't work too well but I applaud them for the effort since no other hotel has this. Still, when I'm watching TV and want to change the channel, I don't want the curtains to suddenly close or open, or all the lights to dim or brighten for no reason. Somebody needs to find a better software engineer.The TV was also a source of problems, even though it was the nice flat LCD screens that most hotels have nowadays, the remote was geared only for their programming and the TV itself was locked up in terms of physical buttons so when the TV back light kept dimming itself and turning itself back on which is SUPER annoying for TV watching ... more than 8 calls to the front desk and requests to get it fixed went unnoticed. Okay, I will deal with the screwy remote that doesn't always work and the annoying TV that keeps changing the back light. The rooms did look nice, our view was nice (although definitely obstructed by the two slanted towers (apartments? harmon? mandarin? I don't even know ...). The bed was by *far* the most comfortable bed I had ever slept in of any hotel I've stayed at ... and the shower had on pressure. All little things I was willing to deal with because after all, it was nice, it was new, and it was Aria.Then came room service. Despite several calls to complete our basic essentials on the day of check in, after the room was serviced the next day I came back to missing towels, missing toiletries (why did they take them away? more importantly, why weren't they replaced?) and no cups! After several calls again to the front desk, some of which went who knows where, finally the proper set of toiletries and towels and cups were returned to the room. Why couldn't they have been there to begin with? Due to my horrible experience with HAZE (please read HAZE review for more information), I complained to the hotel manager about my mistreatment as well as some of these other little annoyances and he was generous enough to comp me $30 to my room for whatever I wanted (i.e. room service, drinks, etc.). We had talked about this for 30 minutes and he encouraged me to file a security report which I did. He said he setup everything.The next day when I checked out, I found out that even though he repeatedly told me $30 comp, it was only $25. Why would he lie to me? Why didn't he put on $30? or why didn't he just say $25? I'm not complaining about the comp but if you're going to comp, you have to do it right at least?And when I went to the front desk to check the total bill, they charged me for a $4.00 diet coke from the fridge that I *never* touched and did not have (I don't even like diet sodas). I argued with them and even requested that they check their fridge with no avail. I was out $4.00 for no good reason. What a joke, most places would just take it off since it's a diet coke and probably cost them $0.10 in mass quantities. In the end, my stay was littered with bad room service, lack of basic essentials in the room, faulty technology, rude clubbing experience, expensive room that was not really worth all the hype and price tag, and a comp that was half-heartedly given when I was being repeatedly told $30 and only ended up with $25 (again ... its fine if he didn't give anything but why ... lie?)I guess I should have listened to my fellow Yelpers.
5	I stayed at Aria for two nights over the weekend. Booked through Expedia together with my flight, so got a pretty good deal for the room. Overall I think the experience was wonderful, and I would go back again. We arrived late at night and had to wait in line a bit to check in, but it was ok because the staff was absolutely friendly. We went to our room on the 3rd floor and was very disappointed that our window faced directly at what looks like a parking structure. There was no view whatsoever. So we went down to the lobby to see if they could give us a different room. The guy at the reception desk was very polite and friendly, and we were able to get a room on the 9th floor. Spectacular view! A minus point though for the semi-cleaned bathroom. When we entered this new room there was a bunch of towels around the toilet bowl. Someone clearly forgot to take away the towels after cleaning the room. We went down to the desk again, the manager apologized, and we got a $100 F&D credit. We were happy with that, because honestly the room was not dirty at all...it was just a bunch of towels on the floor.What I love most about Aria is how spacious everything is, from the lobby to the casino to the room. My boyfriend also loved the room because of the high-tech gadgets in the room. Of course, since it's brand new, I loved how the whole place smelled smoke-free.
4	Aria is described in MGM's press kits as "the heart of CityCenter." If this is indeed the case, then I would go see a cardiologist asap. While Aria the hotel is in fact a very nice hotel, it does fall short in many aspects. Here are a few of my tips if you choose to call Aria home for your next Vegas vacation. If you are staying at Aria, do yourself a favor and valet your car.... the walk from the Self Park to the lobby is quite a hike. It involves you having to transverse the ENTIRE casino floor. The deluxe rooms are a tad bit on the small side for new vegas hotel standards. That's not to say they are not nice! In fact, the technology in the room is super cool with touch screen controls that can do almost anything from opening and closing the curtains to adjusting the room temperature. The bed is also very comfortable. DONT EAT at the BUFFET! you have been warned. The casino is a tad bit on the dark side.... either bring a flash light or go gamble next door at the Bellagio. and MOST IMPORTANTLY... dont believe all the hype! this isnt the reinvention of the Las Vegas hotel, "remember to breath," "words won't fail you" and you just might come out liking this place!
2	I actually had pretty low expectations for Aria after reading all the non-rave reviews on yelp.  I stayed here only because we got a great deal.  If you are an MGM club card holder you can stay $109 weekdays and $139 weekends.  Our total for 2 nights was $311 which is a pretty good deal consiering you get to try out a brand new hotel.  The hotel istself is pretty nice.  I love all the wood work in the hotel and its pretty easy to navigate.We encountered our first problem when we were checking in.  So 4 of us stayed in one room and we called to book 2 queens.  When we checked in the lady insisted that they only had one king available and that when you book a room, you are not guaranteed to get two queens.  WTF?  I have never heard of this before.  Then she went on to say that all the hotels in vegas are like this..  ummm NO!  I've stayed in multiple hotels in vegas  and never have I heard of anything like that.  She than asked us to upgrade for $400 per night to a room that does have two queens.  WOW! i was floored haha.  After a very long discussion, we asked to talk to the manager.  We waited about 20 minutes to talk to the manager and she pretty much said the same thing to us.  By that time we were pretty pissed as it was taking us 30 minutes to check into a room that we didn't book.  All in all, we finally got her to "find" us a room with two queen beds.  horrible!when we got to the room, all the decoration pillows were on the floor, not on the bed. hmm..  we opened the window  sheers only to find bird crap and water stains all over our window.  We had a great view...The only thing great about Aria, is their buffet and the fun we had making fun of everything bad that went wrong!!  p.s be prepared to walk a lot!  from the elevator to your room, its quite a distance!!! =P
3	I've now stayed at most of the hotels on the strip in Vegas, so I have a pretty good sense of what a good hotel/casino is.I was really excited about staying at the Aria, being that it's the newest hotel and in the City Center.  I have to say, it is a beautiful building, very cool looking.  They have some really cool art stores as well, that is worth the look.I'll start with the positives:Room is awesome!  Average size room, but the coolnest makes up for it.  If you love gadgets and high tech, this is the room for you.  Everything can be controlled from a central remote control.  Air/Heat, TV, Lights (I mean all lights), Curtains, etc).  Also, they have a console near the TV that has a ton of inputs you could use, usb, vga, so you can plug in all your toys.Bed, super comfy!!Bathroom is a good size.Elevators are really fast too.Poker room is pretty cool looking (I did no play here though)Wife went and saw Viva Elvis and said that was pretty good.Nicely connected to the Monte Carlo.The bad.....No face towels in the room?  Only 3 towels?The lighting fixture fell out of the ceiling in the shower and almost hit me, and when I called to complain about it, they just said oh, sorry.Buffet, totally sucks (you can read my review on that one).Casino is really dark, and seemed like low energy there.Sports book, is small and kinda lame.I heard the night club was hard to find, and the dance floor very small.If you plan on leaving the hotel to go on the strip, it's a pain to get out of the hotel and actually on the strip.  You have to go out, up, and down and around.Location, is just OK, but that's my personal belief.  I think if it were closer to the Bellagio/Caesars (basically Harrah's properties) it'd be nicer, but that's minor.So all in all, if you are about the room, then I'd stay here.  If you want to gamble, have closer access to the other casinos, and have better food, then I'd stay somewhere else.Maybe, I'll try this place again, in 2 years, to see if they worked out all the kinks of a new place, but prob not.
3	Hmmm....Let me start off by saying that this place is visually appealing, however, not what you really are looking for in a Vegas hotel.  First off, driving in, the entrance to get to the valet is like half a mile from the strip (bit of exaggeration)...but it's not right on the strip which is kind of annoying & weird.  Also, the hotel is so big and its set up in a way that you feel like you are in some sort of convention center, as opposed to a hotel.  They pump air freshener into their air vents which is really nice b/c it smells delicious as soon as you walk in.  My friend's dad got us a room under his VIP club membership, so we had the opportunity to check in at a VIP desk...So much for that.  The turtles behind the counter took so long that it looked like the main front desk was moving at twice the speed.  After FINALLY getting to check in, we find out that our room has not yet been cleaned (its 5pm and check-in was at 3pm) and that they wanted us to wait another hour.  I rejected this idea immediately and asked what the hold up was.  He said the cleaning is just backed up and that he can put us in a room with one King bed.  I again declined, this time frustrated that he was being so non-chalant about the fact that the room was not ready 2 hours before check-in.  I asked to speak to a manager, who never came, but instructed him to upgrade us to a Sky Suite.  Ok, cool.  So we get to our room which is really nice and swanky and has a nice view of the strip.  There were a lot of gadgets for us to play with and it was very modern...but I still choose Encore or Palazzo over this hotel.  The food variety at this hotel: HORRIBLE.  You want a sandwich? too bad.  You want Thai food? Ok, you can go to Lemongrass but don't expect to not have burnt food and a drink runner who annoys you every five seconds.  I may be a bit bitter b/c I lost a lot of money here, but nonetheless.  After my girlfriends and I had gambled and lost all of our cash the 2nd night, we decided to spend our last $5 playing slots (aka give away the last of our money)...So this hooker waitress comes up and asks us for a drink.  We order mojitos, but by the time she comes back we have nothing to tip her with b/c we had collectively lost $700 in the past hour.  So one of my gf's tells her she doesn't have cash and then the lady just stands there for like 20 seconds.  Then the hooker/waitress asks her if she needs change, and my gf says No, I don't have cash, I'm sorry.  The lady CONTINUES to just stand there and stare at the 3 of us with a look of disgust.  after about ummmm two awkward minutes she gets the hint and walks away pissed.  Her name was Victoria and she looked like a $3 hooker....I'm sorry, I didn't get the memo about the mandatory tipping at casinos.  Yeah, it's nice to do and everyone should do it.  But I apologize, if you're coming upon 3 girls who have given all of their money not for a new pair of Christian Loubutins but to a CASINO gambling in the last hour....we could have cared less if she jumped off a bridge.  OH and not to mention...the water & sugared down mojito was not even worth $1.  Anyway, after the shock of her rudeness wore off the 3 of us realized what had just happened and we were all appalled.  We decide to go speak to the Food & Beverage manager, and as we get up who do we see? The hooker/waitress Victoria TALKING SHIT AND POINTING AT US to another hooker/waitress.  We were shocked.  Anyway, we end up having to wait 45 min to speak to this manager.  (the only reason we stuck around was b/c at this point we just had a point to prove).  She was nice and she apologized when she finally got there for us having to wait, claiming that she didn't get a call...I believe she was lying b/c 3 different employees had been calling her, and one even told us that if someone had told her we had a complaint about the wait staff, she would probably just try and ignore it so she wouldn't have to hear us bitching.  She ended up coming, apologizing for the hooker's waitress and offered to buy us a round of drinks at the City Bar.  City Bar drinks: a joke? My dirty martini had everything BUT grey goose in it.  I have more to say but this is exhausting.  Lesson: if you are going to pay that much money to stay at a hotel, don't choose Aria....
2	This is only the 2nd time ive ever bothered to write a review- and it's only because I read these and if I save 1 person, just 1, it'll be worth it. I am an avid PALAZZO fan and I used my $400 dollar Hotels.com free room to  TRY out the *NEW* *SPECTACULAR* *BREATHTAKING* Aria.  The only thing breathtaking is the distance from valet to your room, the walk to your room from the elevator, and the wait to check in and to pick up your car- Seriously 45 minutes-   I had a $400 dollar Saturday night corner suite, and its true- the decoration is beautiful, the technology is impressive, and although I learned to  LOVE the "Rear washing heated toilet" you could.nt pay me to stay here again.  So checking in: I had to get a manager to get me my suite, after being told twice it wasn't ready.  The room: Once there, after the initial technology excitement you realize the room is small, and not that great.  The Casino isn't impressive at all, and the pool isn't all that either.  I will NEVER cheat on the PALAZZO again and I beg you to save yourself the headache, stress and disapointment of staying at the Aria- They're either not ready or if thats as good as it gets-No thanks- I already found nirvana at the spa in Palazzo.  Good luck folks!  :)
4	If you like modern design, skyscrapers, innovation, and are ready for something new in Vegas, then Aria is for you!  I love modern design, and while Vegas is known for it's over-the-top, kitschy, and extravagant  hotels and casinos, I am happy to have a new place to stay that is more my style.Do me a favor though, if you don't like modern and hate glass and steel and skyscrapers and "cities," don't go here and then complain about how it is soooo not Vegas and you were disappointed and blah blah blah....just go to the Bellagio, the Venetian, or Caesar's Palace and stay clear of CityCenter.I could go on and on about how great Aria is, but as an interior design for high-end hospitality around the world, I would like to point at some key things that were missing/lacking at my stay at Aria.First and foremost, the worst thing about Aria (in my opinion): No hand towel rings in the bathroom.  This, along with little counter space (because they put so many damn things on the counter), made me pretty frustrated in the bathroom.  Where are you supposed to put your hand towels and wash clothes?  The housekeeping just places the hand towels and wash clothes on the edge of each sink.  It's weird, and it seems like poor attention to detail, or a budget cut or something, but it needs to be fixed.One other thing I think everyone should be aware of is that this hotel is green, meaning it is very energy efficient, and normally this shouldn't be a problem with comfort, but I did notice in the elevators one day that it was quite warm.  I was completely fine with it, but I am always cold and prefer to be hot.  For those people who hate being hot (why are you in Vegas?) it would be uncomfortable.Now for the positives:This place is a techy's dream!  The room opens up to great you upon entering for your first time.  Then you control everything with this remote which is also your alarm clock.  I really liked the way you can set the alarm to wake you up by opening the curtains, turning on the lights, turning on the tv to whatever channel you choose, and/or making the room colder/warmer.  I did find using the tv for the first time a little difficult and even left there not knowing 100% how I did it each time, but if you have ever used an iphone or ipod, you can figure this out.For turn down they leave a pomegranate dark chocolate on your pillow, I thought it was good enough to be noteworthy.There are a ton of restaurants on the promenade and casino levels and they are all beautifully designed, if you don't eat at them, you must at least have a look at them.  The casino is really beautiful too, very subtle and has a nice natural look about it, pretty graphical, but in a tasteful way.There is a tram that takes you from Aria to the Bellagio, so that is very handy.The location on the strip is perfect, the whole CityCenter is absolutely amazing and beautiful.  If you like modern architecture and design and want something new and different for your Vegas stay, definitely stay here!
2	My review is to supplement Anita I.'s review since we went together.  WHERE DO I START?????????????? It is absolutely amazing that a brand new hotel will go through such great lengths to undermine any hopes you had of having a good time.  You would think that they would have better service than all of the greats along the strip just to steal customers but, although this defies logic, this was simply untrue. So, I missed out on the argument...yes argument that the staff had with my friends in assigning a room to us because I got into Vegas late, so lucky for Aria.  But my friends told me that this entire ordeal took quite a while and the end result?  The manager miraculously was able to find a room with two queen beds.   It is absolutely amazing the magic tricks that hotel managers can pull, isn't it?  They should have a Vegas show of their own.  Let's all try to get people to upgrade to a suite for $400 a night but if they don't agree, thennnnn we'll give them what they booked.  Then my friends attempted to get into Haze...mind you it was pretty late already.  So the girls got swept through a fast line but had to pay $20 each to get in.  The boys on the other hand, were much luckier.  They got to stand in line for an hour at the very front of the line before they were told that the rest of the line would not be getting in the club.  And they didnt' even have to pay to stand in line for an hour, how about that.  Oh but wait a minute, you COULD get in!!!  For the right price!  The Haze people began to ask each party whether they would want VIP passes to get in the club.  When my friends asked how much the VIP passes are, they replied, you name a price and we'll tell you if it's too high or too low.  My question to them would be....is $1000 too high?  I mean is there really going to be a number that's too high?  The girls inside the club were experiencing something similar.  The go-go dancers were straight holding up dollar bills and pointing at them, asking guys to tip them. I understand that City Center was going through tough times and was almost unable to be completed but this is going a little far.  After this amazing experience, my friends went to speak to the management at the hotel and expressed their dissatisfaction in the club.  The management insisted that the club had nothing to do with the hotel and that they were unable to control the way Haze was run.  Understandable.  Nonetheless, Haze is the primary club in Aria and yes, people do associate clubs with hotels.  XS -- Wynn/Encore, Tao -- Venetian.  Amazing -- Amazing.  So they offered first round of drinks at Gold Lounge.  I mean at this point it was 1 AM and I'm sorry a round of drinks just wouldn't do to alleviate the anger of standing in line for an hour with no avail.  Finally, after much persuasion, they gave buffet comps.  We were able to end the night on a much happier note after that.  Other than that, the staff there was quite poorly trained.  They all have attitude when addressing customers.  This started with the valet, who just stared at us when we drove up.  We had to say hi to them to get service.  Amazing.  I was asking for directions from one of the staff members.  He had to finish listening to his earpiece before he said to me, "Go ahead."  Like...WOW.  Okay thank you for letting me wait my turn and allowing me to go ahead with my question now.  Nothing like, "how may I help you, miss."  The hotel was absolutely gorgeous though.  It was like....going to Hong Kong or somewhere in Asia.  Looming skyscrapers and glass everywhere.  The lobby was a modernistic look along with the casino.  Everything smelled very new.  The hallways smelled like new carpet, not necessarily a good thing.  Our room was very well put together and the room service provided turn down service without request.  Everything can be controlled with a touch of the controls on the nightstand so that was pretty fun. I mean this included turning on and off the lights in the bathroom while your friends were in there.  The alarm clock was very fun also! As we discovered at 10:45 AM when our curtains started opening, all the lights turned on and the TV turned on to the jazz channel. After gambling, we went to the City Cafe.  I had the corn chowder, delicious with a kick to it!  I also had steak and eggs which was pretty good.  My boyfriend had mac & cheese.  All quite delicious. We had four people and the bill totalled $100, no drinks.  But, it still was quite delicious.  Aria's buffet...was quite tasty.  With $5 extra, there is unlimited champagne.  The staff dropped two plates while we were there and they were quite responsible.  They had security come over immediately to make sure no one was walking through the area and they cleaned it up immediately.  Aria needs to step up its game if it wants to compete with the big boys.  Customer service...let's say gets a 0. If you don't have to interact with the hotel staff, then I'd say it's a 3.5.
3	very lux place , but has no soul--too serious.   rad big room & bathroom.  bigscreen tv.  extremely comfortable bed.  reminds me of a deluxe condo.  awesome view.   12 craps tables.   no inexpenive places to eat--got all my meals at the earl of sandwich across the street at  planet hollywood.  not for people who dislike heaps of walking(huge place like MGM grand).  good for couples & business trips. ok pool.   $30 per day fee for the fitness center equals   :(
4	I stayed 3 nights at the recently opened Aria.  My group had two rooms and we wanted to stay on the same floor, so we got smoking rooms on the 10th floor.  I'm not a smoker and I wasn't looking forward to a smoky room.  To my surprise, the room did not smell like cigarettes at all.  The rooms are definitely modern and spacious.  $149 per night on the strip is a good deal.  The remote that controls everything (lights, curtain, TV) took a little playing around to get used to.  People who hate technology may not like this feature.  They do have buttons on the walls as well to control the curtains and light.  Room service did a very good job every day cleaning up our messy room.  They even organized our shoes.  If your room is on the side of the building, be prepared for a long walk.  The casino is dark compared to other casinos. It isn't busy as others as well.  The dealers at the craps table were very friendly and were kind enough to teach my friends how to play.  We followed their advice and we were all winners.  The waitresses were also friendly and fast.  The layout of Aria may be confusing at first but once you walk around for awhile you will know where everything is.  It is huge.  My friends and I also drank absinthe at Sage.  Again, friendly staff.  I enjoyed my stay at Aria and would go back here.  Looking for a modern hotel in Vegas?  Aria is your hotel.  Thanks for the great experience Aria!!
1	A total waste of space. Construction still going on. Half the place looks like hell. I wound up staying staying at Circus Circus for half the price and twice as much fun.
3	I stayed here over the weekend for the NCAA Championships.  The  place is like a month old.  The room I had was the City View Room with a king bed.  It was a super nice pad for 200 USD a night and the shower was awesome!  The City Center is a very large mall with tons of shops that are sort of cool, but also totally useless.  The Aria is very spacious with a huge pool!  My room was quiet and that to me is the most important.  After catching up with old friends, a ton of alcohol consumption, sleep is key.The only issue I have with the Aria is the actual location.  Its cool how you can take the tram to Bellagio and then walk to Caesars Palace, but I'm talking about the other way.  Its very sketchy over by the Harley Davidson Casino and some crappy Palm Hotel behind it.  Watch which way you turn when you leave the Aria, you may end up in crack land.
4	I didn't even know that Aria had opened.I wish I had.  I want to stay here now.This place is BEAUTIFUL!  The BF and I decided to take a random walk down the Strip, and somehow or another, we ended up at City Center.City Center itself takes a little getting used to, as the layout combines a mall, two hotels, and a gallery or something.  Whatever the case, I wasn't really sure where we were at, but after maneuvering through a near-empty designer mall (empty but GORGEOUS!), we somehow ended up outside the doors of Aria.We walked in and...Ooooooooh.The best way to describe the lobby+casino, in my opinion, is that it looks like a really tranquil spa.  Tall trees reach up to the ceilings, everything is furnished in ivories and deep browns, the lighting is dim and moody, and strangely, the casino is sort of... peaceful.Most importantly, everything somehow looked CLEAN.  It wasn't bright and glitzy like most other showy Vegas hotels; rather, Aria felt more Zen.We exited the casino through a different set of doors, and I guess this area was the main entrance.  There was a beautiful wall fountain with cascading waterfalls (SO PRETTY), a cool light show thingie going on with the awning, and a small but dope fountain with lights that made each jet stream look like fireworks.Summation?  The outside looked like some awards show venue.  The inside looked like the poshest spa ever.And after scoping out the website, I'm determined that my next Vegas trip will include a stay at Aria.  I need to check out these rooms, especially while prices are relatively reasonable.
2	I always get excited when it's time for Vegas.  The lights, the drinking, the relaxation, the drinking, the energy, the drin....well, you get the picture.My girlfriend and I decided to fly in after work on Friday and much to our excitement, a limo was supposedly awaiting us at the airport with my last name on a placard.  This was part of a package for a Sky Suite at Aria, where we planned to stay with 5 of our friends.-1 starWe arrive at the airport and there is noone waiting for us to take us to our hotel.  I searched for 20 minutes before asking another Aria driver to contact the hotel and ask about our situation; they had no record of us or my friend whose name it was under despite the confirmation number we were given.-1 starWe requested a rollaway to be delivered to the room as there were 6 of us total (3 couples) and only 1 bed, but we had an air mattress as well.  The hotel told us not to worry, there would be plenty available and when we arrived, not only was there no rollaway, they were completely out of them.-1 star We finally got the hotel via cab (which is fine, just don't promise me a limo and not deliver), only to find out the hotel had no record of my name on the room, which had been confirmed both the day before and the day of.  We finally got that figured out and were told to go to the wrong elevator where we couldn't find our room.-1/2 starThe room had the most beautiful view of any Vegas hotel I have stayed in to date.  With that said, the TV wasn't hooked up at all, but we made friends with one of the IT guys who helped us, who we then invited back for drinks later on with his friends after his shift.  The loss of stars is for the THREE maids they sent up sending us towel after towel instead of an IT guy.  Don't get me wrong, I love fluffy towels, but we wanted to get the Vegas energy going and needed the TV hooked up to listen to our music.Cool points, but no star given.In a sky suite (maybe in all of the bathrooms?) there is a toilet where you can wash your *front* and *back*.  There is even an emergency stop button.  Pretty cool stuff, I must say, but doesn't really provide a benefit.  Also, we ordered alcohol from the bathroom, try it, it's quite fun.-1 starYou would think one of the newest, most pricey hotels in Vegas would have a great pool.  Apparently not.  They have a "party pool" called Liquid Lounge and I'd love to say it's amazing, but even though we were hotel guests in a suite no less, they told us we'd have to pay $40 per guy and $10 per girl.  Not that we're cheap by any means, but the weather was pretty dismal and there was NO line whatsoever to get in throughout the entire day.  You would think Aria would want their hotel guests to experience their private pool and brag about it to friends to try out, right?  Even Hard Rock lets their customers go to Rehab on Sundays for free.  Also, the music at the pool was horrendous.  The craziest the pool got was a baby splashing around in a little frog raft.  Lay off the chick music and soft rock guys.1/2 starHaze is one of the newest, hottest nightclubs in Vegas and we had a great time....once we got in.  Let's backtrack.  If you're staying at Aria, you can call the front desk and they will put you on their guest list.  The problem is, we went down pretty early to make sure everything was in order for us to get in given the track record of the hotel for that weekend.  After speaking to 5 different employees working for Haze, I was given 5 different answers and only by sheer luck, did we end up in the correct line.  We also had to wait in line for 1.5 hours at the front of our line before being let in after at least 100 girls.  Our ratio wasn't bad either, 3 guys, 3 girls, and hotel guests.Just silly, but no stars lost:The attendant at the pool wouldn't let us eat at the poolside cafe because we weren't dressed to use the pool!  He waited to ask permission to let us eat a pretty sad and tasteless lunch (aside from the fries) before allowing us access.+1 starThe hotel admitted to their f ups, credited the bottle of Grey Goose and  drink mixers ($150) that we charged to our room and credited about $40 worth of drinks at the pool, but we had to do some convincing w/ the manager; we were extremely polite as we hate people who cause a fuss for no reason.Summary:  Aria better get their act together if they want to flourish like the rest of MGM's properties.  I don't think any of us will be staying there again, even with a similar weekend promotion.  Also, they need to lay off the Vanilla scent they pump through the air of the hotel, it's obnoxious on the senses.  I'd definitely recommend Haze if you can get in though.  Good luck!I also neglected to mention the pillows and comforters are heavenly and I was way too tempted to take them home with me.
4	Hi there, Yelpers. As this will be my first review, I thought I'd just explain a few things about why I'm doing this. We have the good fortune to live in Las Vegas and as such, take advantage of the large number of great restaurants and beautiful hotel rooms that the city has to offer. We will take a "mini-vacation" about once a month or so.Hey, it sure beats the lines and all other crap associated with flying and also beats being stuck in traffic for hours. In the time it takes you to get to the airport or the outskirts of town, we are home. Can't beat it.Most of my reviews will feature photos of the rooms, views that are available for those who wish to spend some time in the room and also the food & drink in both room service and restaurants. They are already posted in the "local photos" section of my profile. That being said, let my yelping begin.................................I'm starting with the Aria Hotel as it seems to have really taken a beating in the reviews. Some of these may well be true, but I can only speak for our experience which was for sure, worth  4 stars I've given it.  Our experience started with meeting Jonathan who is head of security for the property. Why, might you ask. While navigating the tight confines of self parking, my hubby took out a handicapped parking sign. We waited for security and it was Jonathan who politely handled it. When I pointed out that in a row of seven signs, 5 were knocked over, it became apparent that the problem lay with the garage design. Jonathan then escorted us straight to check-in where the very efficient Cass was waiting to get us into a room. When I explained that a view and room to move about in was paramount, she took care of it with no questions. The pictures can attest to the view. The room was light and airy and the bathroom had tons of room and counterspace to spread out. Our son was in town and had arranged dinner at another property so that dinner will be covered at a later date.The next morning we ordered up room service and it was unbelievable. The Bloody Mary's were perfect and the final mixing was left to us. I had the Belgian Waffles and Steven has Bacon and Eggs. Everything was done to pure perfection. Could not have asked for a better room or food. O.K. let's deal with the negatives which are mainly the casino which has been documented by many. Honestly, I don't know what they were thinking as it is very dark and small (by Vegas standards) It' also the only casino in the City Center complex. But, hey, We live here and have any time and any place to do this. As for it's being hard to navigate, if you can walk in a circle and keep going left you have mastered it. Try the MGM Grand if you want complicated. O.K. thats another story. All in all it was a 4 star visit, everyone was friendly and efficient and made for a nice stay................Then We were home in 7 minutes.
5	The Aria Sky Suites is a hotel within a hotel concept similar to the Tower Suites at Wynn and Encore, THEhotel at Mandalay Bay, and Skylofts at MGM Grand. Every room comes with complimentary limo transfers to and from the airport, which is an awesome plus. The limo was stocked with complimentary bottles of water. Upon arrival at Aria Sky Suites, we are whisked away into a limo only VIP porte-cochere where the bell hop immediately took our luggage and our driver escorted us over to the Sky Suites receptionist. The private lounge area and lobby were nothing special architecturally, especially in comparison to the beautiful lobby with the Maya Lin Colorado River sculpture over at the regular side of Aria. Every employee was extremely courteous, never allowing us to walk by without a good morning/good afternoon. The receptionists also made it known to us that "no" is not in their vocabulary. Sweet. We used the concierge to get on the guest list of popular nightclubs throughout the city so we never had to wait in line or pay cover! Be sure to take advantage of the VIP concierge when booking reservations for shows, restaurants, nightclubs, etc. We also received a line pass for the Aria Buffet (terrible), and Cafe Vettro (have not tried yet). Shortly after check-in, a receptionist came up to our room, welcoming us to the Sky Suites and presented us with a welcome card and a small gift (a logo box with an Aria Sky Suites branded pencil and pen.)The lobby lounge is a fully stocked, open bar! Here, we met our new friend Alfred who is in charge of the lounge. The lounge has hor' deveres, cokes, diet coke, ginger ale, sprite, fiji water, club soda, coffee, tea, basically anything and everything you need! EXCEPT energy drinks! The bar had such notables as Grey Goose, Black Label, and Captain Morgan. The Room we stayed at was a 1 Bedroom Aria Sky Suite (55031.) It came in around 1,050 square feet with 1.5 bathrooms, 1 bedroom, and 1 living area. The room had 3 LCD TV's (52" 42" and a 19") The bed was extremely comfortable. The in room technology was awesome with a bedside lcd touchscreen controller that could control curtains, temperature, tv, lighting, service, etc. The room also had a wet bar and another refrigerator for w/e you want to put in. The bathroom was massive with a large closet, toilet closet (toilet/bidet), double vanity sinks, shower, and jacuzzi tub.Minor Issues: There were a few technical glitches with our room. A message would appear from time to time saying that our front door was AJAR on our TV, but the front door wouldn't  even be open. This was a minor annoyance because it would stop the program we were watching and mute the TV as well. A similar message would announce that the front door was open with similar results.
2	Wow, I'm (not) surprised to see the low ratings on Aria. For such a new hotel on the strip, there's really nothing special about it. The decor is modern chic. The layout's a little confusing, like most casinos, with all the restaurants (excl. cafe) on the second floor. $10 billion for City Center... I think somebody got hosed.
4	When I went to Vegas in November of '06, there was an empty space next to Bellagio which housed one solitary crane. I didn't care, because the water show was FREEKIN' AWESOME!!! When I went to Vegas last November, the skeleton of City Center was all but complete. It was cold, and took a really long time to traverse, as I questioned why my inebriated brain felt a walk down the strip was a good idea.When I went to Vegas in February, I walked through City Center and got caught up in the fact that they were opening up a Tom Ford store in Crystals. Afterward, my friends and I wandered through the crowded casino and marveled at Schnabel's take on Walken and the craps pit that was FREEKIN' AWESOME!!! Last Saturday, a friend and I took our regularly scheduled, every 8 weeks, impulsive trip to Vegas and stayed at Aria. What a great idea it would be. After-all, we play there, we eat there, there's very attractive cocktail waitresses (The best in Vegas) and they have a $5 limit craps table on most nights. Aria is FREEKIN" AWESOME!!! First-class service, a casino that doesn't feel like a regular casino, and rooms with touch-screen, climate-controlled, computer-aided everything. MGM Mirage has definitely poised Aria to be the flagship of their 9 hotels in Vegas, and it's going as planned. The restaurants are top notch and each one is suited for a different price point and dress code. Lot's of nice lounges throughout the property and of course a few Ultra-Lounges as well. Freekin' awesome? Just what I was thinking...
2	First (and lasting) imression:  Aria is the euro/clubby version of the other casinos.The interior was not designed in traditional casino-form.  It looks much different than the other casinos on the strip in that it has much more a trendy/nightclub feel.  Even the Encore at the Wynn, a new hotel, still looks like an upscale casino, but Aria reminded me of a string of nightclubs and trendy bars with contemporary minimalist decorating.  The lighting is much darker than the other hotels, but the foot traffic in the casino was heavy and people were at the tables.  The spa is gorgeous, but again, there weren't people utilizing the facility there, rather just walking through viewing- it is very well-decorated like some yoga retreat center.  The restaurants looked uninviting to families (dark, trendy, and each with a unique colored-glow) but probably appealing to a younger, single crowd.  Busiest areas in the hotel were the casino, the under 18-arcade, and the food-court-style dining options, as would be expected given the time of year and economic climate.
4	I stayed here Feb 20-22 '10. Overall, it was a really good stay. It was the kind of trip I wanted to have with the bf for our 3 year anniversary. Our real anniversary.Check in wasn't that bad. The lady directing people to lines assumed that the bf and I were with an older asian guy and put us together in a line when there were shorter lines next to it, lol. Whatever, we just went into another line. Checking in wasn't too bad, the girl was nice. Got a room on the 18th floor. My only gripe with our stay is that our room was SO FAR from the elevator! If I stay here next time, I'm going to ask to be closer to the elevator. Walking in my 4 1/2" heels to the elevator caused serious pain ):The room was really clean and modern. The TV was amazing! And the bed was super comfortable. I always sleep the best when I'm on vacation. The bathroom was an awesome addition. You go through the shower to the tub. The bf and I soaked in it each night. The closet and dresser/drawers were really handy. I unpacked my duffle bag immediately and was super organized. Cons:- Only plug in the bathroom is behind the tissue box- Toilet room doesn't have a fan!! What's up with that, Vegas??- The room controller would crap out sometimes ): I loved the idea of being able to control mostly everything from the bedside, but the bf stopped responding our last day. Sad.The casino wasn't that great. We're not big gamblers, I like to stay with my 5 cent slots. The food was excellent. Everything I had was sooo good. Right after we settled down in our room, we were hungry, so we headed over to the Cafe Vettro, and were highly satisfied! Shared the corn chowder and flank steak sandwich. Yummy! And the waiter was nervous but was happy to serve us. Left a nice tip (:Anyway, overall the stay was very enjoyable. I'm not sure how soon I'd come back to stay, but it was a good experience!
2	Reserved for 3 nights, comped room.  When I checked in, the room I requested was unavailable.  Check-in lady was not very apologetic and said "we're fully booked, you're lucky to even get a room"  Excuse me??  After that upsetting first experience at this hotel, I went to the room.   Everything looks fine but the high-tech automatic black out curtain wasn't working unless some human intervention took place to help it along.  Room was generally good.  Service was generally fair.  Perhaps more training needed in customer service.  The casino was peculiarly dark for my taste compared to the others.   I would stay again...but only for the "high-tech" rooms.  Any one done self-parking here and notice how there's lots of wasted space??  what's up with that?
1	Pros-tram in city ctr that goes to bellagio/vdara-comfortable bed/pillows-2 separate closetsCons-not efficient-service slow starting from checking in to checking out-no face/hand towels.only 4 body towels total-bathroom door is a sliding dr cheap handle came off.-technology too high tech made it confusing-tv didnt worth took 2hrs then called front desk (they dont answer their phones.slow service...it was a tues night)-tv repair man came turns out hdmi cable was loose so he had to unplug and plug it back it. plus remote batteries die so he had to replaced that.That's why the remote/tv didnt work-cafe vettruo slow.dont order alcohol cuz its water down-complimentary late check out at 1pm have to call front desk on the day of only (not day before) and that's if you get a hold of them-casino floor dark and small.mostly new games.even the $0.01 slots are minimum $0.40 plays.Missed the old goldfish machine.they have a new ones only-ticket/bill breaker machine doesnt even work.didnt accept cash.wtf???Overall got more cons than pros.wasnt happy with my stay here.lucky it was for business trip so it was free for me.
1	From the outside, Aria seemed to have potentials.  I really thought I was going to be blown away by the architecture, decor, or 'something'.  Well, I was!  I was blown away by HOW BAD the whole experience was!  Getting to the casino/resort was extremely confusing.  The signs were barely visible from the street.  You go round and around, only to to find yourself at the valet parking.  Where the hell is the 'self-parking?  Fine, I may have turned too soon on the strip.  Making a U-turn then back to the strip, I finally saw the 'self-park'.  The parking lot was one of the most poorly designed I've ever seen.  Considering how big/tall the casino is, there are very few parking's.  I think they prefer you to use their valet.  They also marked the parking spaces VERY wide apart.  Basically each car is 2 parking spaces wide.  WHY?The walk way from the parking lot to the casino is just ugly!  It's nothing but monotone gray.  There were 3  chrome sculptures by the entrance which weren't all that interesting.  I was hoping maybe once I stepped inside, it would finally wow me!  Boooooo!  Yes, booooo!  I HATE it!  It's dark with low ceiling!  Who builds casino with low ceilings anymore? I walked around the casino floor and didn't find any of the slot machine interesting.  Tried to play a few and they were among the tightest slots I've ever played.  What a huge mistake to want to come see this place!  Take my advice, unless you're staying here, don't bother coming.  And even if you're staying here, go play somewhere else.  You might have better luck else where.
5	Why go to Vegas? Because you want to spoil yourself and are looking for a good time. Aria does not disappoint. Like any other hotel on the strip, the architecture catches the eye and lures you in. Our arrival went without a hitch. Valet parking, friendly/helpful employees and fast check in. The place has a nice little set up. Had a one bedroom suite on the 20th floor. First off, walking in our window was facing the strip with an amazing view. Once you calm down from the whole "Vegas, Baby!!! Vegas!!" high, then you begin to enjoy the finer details of the room. -Living room was a decent size. Nice size flat screen, comfy couch. You get the techie control that allows you manage almost anything in the room from the living room couch. With this you can, order room service, check. Open and close the blinds, check. Control the lighting, check. Hook up the ipod to get the music going, check. Among other things. Good touch. I felt spoiled already. -Bedroom was huge. Nothing much to it. Comfy bed, flat screen TV and a great view of the hotel. That's all i need. -Bathroom was amazing. hot tub, shower, walk in closet, toilet, couch, two counters, 3 mirrors, on and on and on. Truly makes you feel like a king. The best part was the toilet. It had this little option that shoots water at your *front* or *back* after you are done handling your business. Talk about high tech.-Casino was cool, didn't spend much time there. But the black jack dealers were cool and super friendly. -Staff was great. Helpful and courteous. No complaints. -Over all layout was nice. Pool was cool. Overall, it was a good experience. Would definitely go back. I would rate a few of the restaurants at the location, except I can't remember. Lets just say Vegas was a great time with many "experiences" that only Vegas can give you.  Great hotel, good time.
2	My Rating: 2.5 StarsI would rate this 2.5 but yelp doesn't do half points, and i really do not feel the hotel warrants 3 stars. I've been to more than a handful of different hotels, and the expectations for this place were definitely not met.The hotel itself, i rate it at a 4.The interior is contemporary, the room layout is standard, but packed with high tech features. The location is close enough to the strip, and there is a definitely "newness" to the hotel. In theory this place really isnt too bad.Now this is where it failed. . .. .Service.Upon arrival at 11am, we check in. our requested room was 2 queen standard, as we had 4 ppl. She tells me all of the 2 queen rooms are booked, and they only had king bed rooms. it wasnt until i asked her to check for available 2 queens checking out, did it occur to her to check the "dirty" rooms. Once she found them, she put a hold on them, then returned my ID and credit card. Again, it wasnt until i asked her .. . "what now?" did she tell me to come back and check to see if it was ready. When asking for an approximate time, she told me anywhere to 6 or 7pm. Ok seriously, if thats the case, i think its time for management to do something and fix the hole they dug by overbooking. third time, it wasnt until i asked before she gave me the option of CALLING IN to ask about my room (which, trust me, i did ever 20  minutes out of spite). They also said they couldnt contact me when my room was ready because "they were WAY too busy". Check-in experience: 1 star.Upon entering the first room (my friend's king bed room) all the controls went haywire. None of the controls worked, lights and curtains didnt respond. The automated features were moving at will, with 10 minute lag response. After calling for support, a tech guy arrived 40 minutes later to reset the system. On another note, the front desk number took multiple tries to even reach a rep, and hold time was on average 5 minutes at least. The front desk seemed to be on overload, and calls were being disconnected and held. Service was untimely, slow, and inefficient.Other amenities. The Buffet priced at $26, food was mediocre. Not worth the price. American Fish food was ok, but WAY overpriced. $16 for 3 pieces of fish and chips, ridiculous. Portion size was not even worth it. There was nothing that stood out for dining, and we didnt have time to go to the clubs or bars. The actual casino floor, was not big. Tables and machines were actually kind of limited.Overall, besides the high tech room, Aria has very little to offer. The room layout is exactly what you see in any of the MGM line of hotels, except "fancier". Service is an absolute joke, and the place feels like its run by a bunch of amateur college grads. No one knows what they are doing, and its absolutely chaotic. I must say the place was a disappointment for the standards Las Vegas should currently be at.
3	Real rating - 3.5 starsMy experience at Aria was pleasant but not as great as I expected. First, for the good things-- check in is fairy quick as there are lots of open counters, all of which have their own lines. The check in staff was also extremely helpful and accommodating. Because of our late check in we ended up having to take a room on the smoking floor and were pleasantly surprised as there was no odor in our rooms. =)  It is also one of the most techie hotels, the rooms are all personalized and lights and curtains can all be controlled with a master remote control.Now, for the downsides-- the casino floor is small and all the tables are crowded especially if you want to bet low. You often have to wait 10-15 minutes to get a seat a table with a low minimum bet.  Also, housekeeping failed to clean our room even though we specifically asked for it to be cleaned TWICE. Neutral-- if you're going to be going in big groups, know that both the toilet and shower have a see through door and the sink is attached to them making it difficult for people to get ready at the same time. Overall, it was a good stay but next time I would probably opt for Planet Hollywood across the street instead.
4	Aria is my new official favorite Vegas hotel & casino.  Spent the weekend here with the wife and another couple and have a fantastic time.  The hotel itself is gorgeous, with interesting architecture and amazing art inside and out.  The services throughout the property are top notch, including a great spa and wonderful restaurant choices.  It was also a nice change to be able to see the sun throughout a Vegas resort/casino, even from some sections of the casino floor.Overall this is most likely my new Las Vegas home away from home.Positives+  Our room was spacious and well thought out with a very spacious and pretty bathroom.  The electronic controls were also a nice touch and made it easy to quickly turn all the rooms lights on and off+ The Spa is fantastic and fairly reasonably priced.  Massage services were excellent and was hard to leave the spa with all the great areas to relax, including the hot stone beds, salt room, jacuzzi and outdoor pool.  Also was a nice touch to be able to relax by the spa pool overlooking Liquid, the "adult" pool.+ Hands down the best in-resort restaurant choices across the price spectrum.  Had great quick lunches at the SkyBox Grill (breakfast burrito and salsa was yummy!) and Jean Philippe Patisserie, adequate breakfast at Caffe Vetro and a wide selection of dinner choices.  We settled on American Fish and Twist (next door at Mandarin Oriental) for dinner, but could have easily settled on one of the many other choices.  Leaving aside that I'd rather go to Bar Masa or Jean George in NY.  This could easily be a "never-leave" type Vegas resort if that's what you're looking for.+ Dealers throughout casino were excellent and extremely pleasant.  Seems like MGM took the best dealers from all of its properties and brought them to Aria.+ Overall a beautiful building inside and out.+ Great location on the middle of the strip and incredibly easy access from the airport+ Very nice, large pool area.+ Fairly generous comps for such a nice/new hotel+ Easy check-in/check-out and with bag storage you get to jump the taxi line, making trips back to the airport super easyOf course there were some negatives-  Casino floor is rather dark with a noticeably low ceiling.  I wish they had opened up the casino floor a little bit- Casino is unnecessarily loud with music and particularly PA announcements a few notches too high in volume-  More confusing to navigate than most casinos, with very poor signage- Pool service was a little slow.  Seemed like they just didn't have enough staff for a weekend when the hotel was nearly sold out.These negative were more than made up for by all the positives though and I highly recommend
1	I wish I could give this hotel ZERO stars.The good:- Cool looking waterfall thing in the valet/entrance area- The king sized bed was really comfortable- Spa was good- Pool was cool- We walked right in to Haze- They discounted our room after acknowledging some of their general crapiness.- Cafe was pretty good... a little pricey thoughThe Bad:- It smelled like a 50 year old woman's perfume every time you walked in.- The design of the hotel SUCKED. You had to walk forever to get anywhere. -  Hotel room bathroom was horrible. Separate toilet room, but you could see through the glass, so it served NO purpose, no counter space, the bath was inside the shower, the shower was slippery, and water pressure was weak sauce.- Had to stay in a single King bed room after repeatedly requesting two queens and even calling the night before we arrived, and they never sent us a promised rollaway bed on the first night.- Calling downstairs was impossible. Nobody answered half the time and when they did, we had to wait for up to 45 minutes.- Concierge closes at 9pm.- We waited around 45 minutes for our car to come back from the valet- They had a "multimedia center" that had tons of different types of plugs (including USB), but was NOT iPod compatible. When we called the concierge, they blamed Apple and conveniently suggested that we purchase a special plug from their technology store downstairs. When we were transferred to the store, the clerk couldn't tell us how much it cost and hung up on us.- The self-parking lot was the biggest waste of space ever.- The whole place just felt half-assed and cheap. It didn't have the feel of a hotel like the Wynn, Encore, Palazzo, or Bellagio.Bottom Line:Even after a significant discount, I would have rather stayed at almost ANY other hotel. It was very disappointing.
4	Haven't stayed here yet, but I'm impressed with the contemporary, minimalist decor, sleek and modern architecture and the wonderful artwork.  Oh, and the poker room is fantastic!
5	The Aria Sky Suites is my new favorite place to stay in Las Vegas.  I just had my brother's bachelor party there the weekend of 3/26/10, and the place was amazing.  Like Jojo said, they picked us up from the airport in a limo with water, and newspapers inside.  They took us through a private gate and into the back of the hotel, where we arrived at our private Sky Suites check-in area, with a VIP lounge.  The lounge offered complimentary drinks, including wine, grey goose, johnny walker black, and other liquor.  They also had chocolate covered strawberries, and cookies, and cheese and crackers, and other hors d'overes.  Once we checked in and had a few beverages, we decided to go up to the suite.  You just wave your card in front of the door, and open the door, instead of having to swipe it.  Upon entry to the room, there was supposed to be a mini show, with music, and the lights come on, and the shades open...but this didn't happen, I was upset at that...until I looked around the room...Man, this place was beautiful, and very sleek, and relaxing.  Our room was the 2 bedroom Aria Suite (room 53011) I paid around $800/night on the weekend.  We didn't have a strip view, but it was still an amazing view of the mountains, and the rest of the city.  The beds are the best thing I've ever sat or slept on...I really want one...I'm sure they are pretty expensive.  The bathrooms have dual sinks, and they don't splash water like other people have said about the other rooms.  The shower is a steam shower with a bench seat in the back, and there is also a soaking/jacuzzi tub which is amazing...oh yeah...and the toilet has a bidet in it and it also has a dryer...I got up feeling squeeky clean everytime.  There is ample closet space, with really nice hangers, and robes/slippers.  There is also a nice safe where my brother could store his gun (he's a cop), so none of the drunk friends could do anything stupid.  Every detail was something I'd never seen before.  Just beautiful.  There was a bar area with a sink and 2 fridges, one was the mini-bar with everything you could think of, and another fridge for your own use.  There was also an ice maker inside the fridge.  There was a huge LCD tv in the living room which contolled everything (tv, music, drapes, etc.)  The L shaped couch was nice, and the dining room table and chairs were nice as well.  There was an office area with all the internet hookups and computer hookups anyone would need.  This place is great, and so is the entire hotel...I highly recommend you stay here...You can thank me later.
3	This review is based on my trip that I made all the way back in December for Aria's soft opening. I'm willing to stay here again, but given the plethora of other choices available around town and my all time favorite Encore dishing out sick rates, I don't know if another stay at Aria is in order anytime soon.Anyways...I understand that I came to this place on opening weekend and that I'd be their guinea pig. I drove my car into the valet early in the afternoon and the car attendants were still figuring out how to organize everybody. I sat in there for about 10 minutes before I was tended to, "It's okay - opening weekend, opening weekend" I kept telling myself. I dropped my car off and heard the valet about to stall out in my Porsche 997 Turbo (and by Porsche I mean dinky little Acura). It was a nice day and I marveled at the sight of the monstrosity of a hotel and casino in front of me. Streams of water shot up and collided in the sky and burst with colour and the sun bounced off the glass of the building. This can't be too bad I said to myself. I walked in to the lobby of Aria and I just tried to soak in everything. This place is grand. Grand on a scale of holy shit. Gorgeous ultra modern interior with a lot of browns, blues and glass. Let's just say I wouldn't want to be in Aria during an earthquake.The receptionist was very friendly, she explained to me that things were still being worked out and things may or may not work. Got it pretty young thing at the front desk.I navigated through the casino and was taken back by how dim the place was. For a place that prides itself on allowing a lot of natural light in their casino for an experience you'll never forget - it just felt like half the lights were on. After making a loop around the slot machines (cause I got lost), I made my way to the elevator. I made my way to the 53rd floor and put my keycard to the sensor and voila...The very first person to stay in this room. How do I know? They forgot to take the plastic off half the things in the room. The toilet still had tape on it, the shower head had protective film, scale had the battery tab still in and a mess of other things. But you know, I expected it and took it for what it is. I opened up the windows, which looked very dirty and saw the back of Vdara and I-15. Lovely.The standard room itself is pretty small. The furnishings had the same dark tones as the rest of the hotel but the technology was state of the art. The Control 4 system literally controls everything in the room. From lighting, TV, music, and shades. The bed was comfortable and I slept like a rock and woke up the next morning to promptly vomit in the brand new toilet. So overall, nice room but nothing that wows you.Overall this place could have had so much more potential. I was very excited for City Center to open and expected a new wave of awesomeness but it just left me underwhelmed. There's nothing here that stands out as unique. Gone away are the themed resorts and this place tries way too hard to be a Wynn resort of which it clearly falls flat on its face.As stated before, I don't know if I'll stay here again, but I'm not ruling it out.Tip: Know your way out of this place. When I was drunk I thought it was a good idea to go pick up my car from TI's valet but I ended up running circles around the casino and losing a few hundred bucks on craps. Well played Aria, well played.
3	The hotel itself has potential...but the little things just add up to give it only 3 stars. The first problem is trying to find the parking lot. I guess I was a bit excited when I saw a street (Harmon) leading to the building. It ends up, that route only leads you to the valet. I had to go back down the slope and back on to the strip to find the self parking. But once inside, the parking spots were ridiculously large, making it difficult to find an actual spot unless you parked on the higher levels. Basically, each time there is a pole, the space in front of the pole will be striked out. This ended up making every other space unavailable. They could have avoided this problem if they just had stopper bricks to prevent cars from hitting the poles when parking. Once we found the parking lot and a spot, the parking lot is on the other side of the building from the hotel lobby. When we reach the counter, the employee checking us in (Marcus) was INCOMPETENT! It seemed as though he was reciting the instruction manual to us. We reserved a room for 2 queen size beds months in advance. He tells us that they don't have any more of those rooms available, but he could give us a king size bed with a rollaway. When we asked how they can run out when we made reservations, his answer from the manual was: "That is only a request. There is no guarantee." Apparently, the guy in line next to us got the same response. The girl working next to Marcus told him to call some number that could help him get a bypass code to give us a room that we reserved for. He said he called but couldn't get through/the number wasn't working. When we asked to speak with the manager, Marcus tells us the manager is busy and asked us to step aside to wait. By this time, we were quite irritated already. Finally he walks up to the manager and gets a bypass code from the manager, giving us a room on the 12th floor (even though the guy next to us who got the same response earlier was given a room on the 38th floor). I've never had a check in experience last 25 minutes! The room was quite nice, very high tech. There was a control board that controlled the lighting, TV, A/C, curtains, alarm clock all in one. However, the bed was WAYYYY too soft. My back ached the next morning from the softness, and I'm not even an oldie to have a back problem. However, the hotel itself has gorgeous interior architecture and designs. Everything was visually appealing and complemented the modern theme very well. The hotel is also centrally located in the CityCenter. The tram was very convenient in taking us to Crystals, Vdara and Bellagio. Would have been 5 stars if the parking structure was not so ridiculous (minus 1 star) and if we had a more competent person checking us in (minus 1 star).
5	Aria is an astounding architectural phenomenon. While many feel put off by the ambiance of the casino, this is part of the point. Go back and reread Fredric Jameson's segment on the Westin Bonaventure in his The Postmodernism, or, the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism (pages 38-45). The reference to Jameson's reading of the Bonaventure can be applied to the state that, I think, is intended by the Aria. Every corner of the casino  offers a new pattern, angle, form, design element. It is evocation.
1	Beautiful hotel. HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!  Where to begin? The first night we checked in, Aria charged my friends debit card for the full stay of 4 nights, no it didn't pend- they charged it & she wasn't told nor given a receipt. When in fact they were suppose to use my debit card, because that was the original plan. Another issue was that the amount that was taken, didn't match the price I was given. In the meantime, my friend & I are trying to get her money refunded  and the permission from Aria to release the funds back to her bank account, which took forever because they (aria) kept transferring us to different workers and saying they were going to call the bank and they didn't even do it right away. Finally, the bank called her after hours of waiting, saying they got permission from aria to return my friends money. The worst part was that my friend wouldn't even receive her money right away.. it would be between 1-3 days before she saw her money again. That would basically be our whole stay in Las Vegas. I felt so bad for my friend, but there was really nothing I could do for her.Aside from that. We got a weak room on the third floor which is a non smoking floor, but people were smoking anyway--even smoking weed. We had a view of the roof entrance which was crap & even had workers walking on the roof, which caught us by surprise because we were getting ready. We requested a different room, but of course that didn't happen.They didn't even clean our room one day, even after we requested turn down service by calling. But one day we did come back and our room door was OPEN for some reason! WTF! Luckily nothing was stolen or missing.We ate at the CAFE which was crap or at least the philly cheese steak I ordered was. It tasted like cardboard without salt or pepper, but the service at the CAFE was great, just NOT the food.Another night we were getting ready for bed and an employee entered our room, we didn't request anything and they said they were just checking to see if we needed our room cleaned. Why would we need our room cleaned in the middle of the night? When my friend look outside of our door there was no cleaning cart, so i don't know why that employee went into our room, that was bizarre.I do not wish for anyone to waste their time, money, thoughts on Aria. Maybe in a few years the service will be better.I hope they hire a manager that knows the basics of customer service, because Johnny (who is a woman) doesn't contain the skills required to run a Las Vegas hotel.
2	Perhaps I'm jumping the gun just a bit in reviewing Aria, as I only visited the casino during at 6:00 AM on a Friday morning; however, I think I saw enough...  The layout was all wrong and aesthetically unpleasing.  I do think that the designers were "on to something" with attempting a more chic, minimalist decor - Las Vegas needs it.  The problem is that it wasn't done well.  Secondly, there was apparently a plumbing issue, as the sinks in the restroom were sporadically turning on and off, and, with disgusting results, none of the public restroom toilets could flush properly.
3	The rooms are very nice, one of the best I have stayed in (we just had a regular room).  There were two queen beds, a 42" plasma, marble bathrooms, and a fun little control pad that controlled the temperature, tv, music, lighting, etc.  The casino was darkly lit, almost put me to sleep late at night.  Most of the tables were $10-15 during the week, and $15+ on the weekend.  One complaint is that there are not many food choices here.  There is a small sandwich shop that also serves pastries/cakes/sweets that are almost a crime to eat since they are such beautiful pieces of art.  The sandwiches from this place were delicious. I had the prosciutto sandwich that had mozzarella and basil on it...I don't know if it was the hangover, or the quality...but the sandwich was to die for.  The other place to eat is a small Skybox Grill that serves pub style food, and a skybox express that serves pub style food on a limited menu.  Both places are very expensive, I usually made the 10 minute walk to the Monte Carlo food court to save $$$.  The sportsbook was b-e-a-u-t-i-f-u-l! It had a pair of giant LCD screens that made watching sports a real joy. They also had something like 92 different plasma screens, but not enough seating so most people were left standing.  The service was not up to par..they had us wait for 6 hours to get into our room, yet they called me twice to tell me my room was ready. When I showed up at the front desk to get the keys, they said that the room was not in fact ready. This was very annoying since we were so far away from the frontdesk.  Then our TV broke down, which was a huge deal since we were watching March Madness.  The beds were probably the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on, even the roll-away we had in our room was incredibly soft and thick.  The most important thing about this review, is that the drink service is legendary.  At the sports book, I had 2 drinks on deck and I had to turn away the cocktail waitress (who was incredibly friendly).  Even while at the penny slots the cocktail waitress came around every 5-10 minutes.  Never have I been at a casino where they came around too fast.! I saved a ton of money just drinking 'free' booze.  Bottomline: Drink service is legendary.  Service is sub par.  Rooms are the best for the price ($130 per night). Casino is dark, not my favorite.
2	Ok, so...   Vegas Local, just made it to Aria 2 days ago. (apr 3)  I wanted to really like this place being that its part of the next big thing in Vegas Resorts.  However, Aria left me a tad underwhelmed.  I struggled the entire time I was there trying to place what it was that just didnt do it for me....  was it the scent? (smelled like burned Vanilla something or other)  Was it the feeling of an oversized banking institution?  WHAT was it?   I still couldnt figure it out.. but it just feels very impersonal.   I dont know, maybe I am a snob and it bugged me that didnt have anyone opening doors at the porte-cochere.  Maybe Vdara, Mandarin and Veer are THE places to see at city center... It definitely was not Crystals or Aria.   : /
2	Aside from the refreshing views of its pools and landscaped courtyards, the Buffet falls short of an aria.The selection boasts Alaskan King Crab Legs (diminutive, a bit salty), made-to-order pastas and omelets, sushi (more CA rolls than actual sushi), pizza, salad bar (very unexciting), and a carving station (the salmon baked in salt was A-OK).Aria's buffet only saving grace lies in its taste of sweet. I really liked the grand Marnier cream puff. Sugar-free desserts (chocolate gelato, key lime pie) were scarce but good.  Pastry Chef Jean-Philippe Maury 's gives you a sample of his signature creations at the Buffet; but for full indulgence check out his patisserie next to the guest elevators.
4	This hotel has everything everyone says. We got the city view king size bed upgrade for free after we complained that we got a double bed instead. Room was nice and spacious enough. Bathroom was beautiful and there were a lot of amenities that you could use. The only complaint I would have is the service. Every time I call down to the Front Desk or Concierge, I would get put on hold for a LONG time and check-in was long too since there were only three or four employees checking everyone in and the rest of the counters were closed.
2	Overpriced.  There are better hotels for the $$$.  Underwhelming.  Really not much that impresses.  Half-hearted modern design with nothing exciting in the entire complex.Casino and lobby smell funky.  They pump in a vanilla scent which my entire group found overpowering.  Vanilla is a risky scent choice.  Just never sat well.  I'd call the musk of that place "Vanilla Shame."Dull atmosphere.  Nobody comes here to hang out or gamble.  The pulse of Vegas isn't felt.Slow service.  Took them 3 hours to get the rooms ready.If you get a great deal, then sure.  Otherwise, I'd try the Palms or Wynn.  This place really doesn't deliver at the price-point, and the only memory it leaves is the odor of Vanilla Shame.  Sort of disappointing, like getting socks for Xmas.
2	Yes, its a beautiful, architectually designed hotel that is so over the top that you have to use a damn remote control to close the curtains.The SIMPLE things and ammenties do not exisit! I stayed in the Sky Suite. The room itself was clean, the bed was very comfy, but when it came to just basic stuff, it just pissed me off. I wanted to listen to music on an ipod or a radio. Not happening, you have to press 20 buttons on the remote and still no chance you will get what you want. They wanted to make it "green" apparently, but I wasn't diggin on it.   I ate at a Cafe there, don't remember the name, but the service was excellent, food was cooked to perfection and yes it was pricey but expected. Definitly get your car valet parked.The entrance and getting to your room is NOT convenient at all. You have to walk 6-7 minutes just from the strip to get to the entrance of the hotel, then another 10 minutes walking thru the casino with your suitcase and crap to get to your room which the elevators are located in the back! It sucks!! Of course, they have it laid out that way on purpose, to get you suckered in to throwing some $ down on the slots, etc. But , its a pain in the ass to haul everything, especially on your last day, when all you want is OUT of there.
4	This is a mixed review.  The boyfriend and I with some friends came to stay here for the weekend with a promo that they had since it was new so the prices that we paid weren't hurting us.  We made our reservations online about 2 weeks prior and entered their promo code for the deductions.  The drive up from the strip was gorgeous.  Being at around 10 ish in the evening, everything was lit up and the fountains were flowing.  The gentlemen at valet were awesome.  They were extremely friend and welcoming.  They opened all our doors, helped with unloading the trunk and getting us on our way to check in at the Front desk.  Ah, front desk, this is were it gets crappy! Everyone that works at the reception that handles check in are retarded idiots!  Checking in took well over 40 minutes.  I'm not talking about waiting in line, I'm talking about after handing them ID and CC took over 45 minutes.  They are sooo incredibly SLOW!  Finally, after getting our room keys and head up to our room, we noticed they gave the WRONG room.  We had requested NON-SMOKING 2 queen but instead they put us in SMOKING single king.  When I called front desk to have them clear the whole mix up, they told me that the rooms were all book and they were COMPLETELY FILLED.  The only thing they can do is to keep us in that room but have 2 rollaways be sent and of course charging us for the extra rollaways during the entire stay. WTF!!!  Not having it, I complained and was put on hold for over 30 minutes.  To my dismay of calling again, they realized it was the same person and instantly found me the room I had originally requested.  Hmm..they told me they were all full?!?!  Once getting into the right room now, all we had to do was call for the bell desk and they delivered our luggages.  Room service was great.  They were prompt and extremely friendly on the phone.  They came by twice each day to clean and tidy our rooms.  At night, they left us chocolates on our pillows.  The correct room was very spacious for 4 people.  We were all comfortable and had plenty of room.  The decor was very urban and modern.  There were a lot tech savvy toys to play with.  They included the USB cables for iPhone users so you can play your own music or charge your phone.  You can pretty much customize your room to your own liking.  We set how dim/bright we want the lighting upon return to the room or its temperature.  For an alarm, you can wake up to a set tv channel or music.  You can even have the window curtain open automatically too.The casino floor was nice.  Very big and had a little bit of everything.  I was surprised the the limited wasn't as high as I had expected.  $10 minimum on  craps and $25 for poker paigow.  Dealers were all nice and was there to give out advice.  All in all a great place but just can't stand front desk!
5	Spectacular! Driving up to this place at night is a vision...Its not Italyland, Franceland, Tuscany on steroids or any other expensive, Disneyesque theme park, this is the real deal. I've been raving about this place, and have run out of positive adjectives. And I'm not easily impressed. In all the years I've been visiting Vegas including the 3 years I lived there, I'd always wished for something like this...the genuine article, with jaw-dropping modern architecture, chock full of GENUINE modern art...such as existing pieces by Henry Moore and Claes Oldenburg, and commissioned works by Maya Lin and Jenny Holzer and sea of others, there's no way a museum could ever display these awe inspiring works the way City Center does, in a living, breathing environment. The would compliment the existing MOCA "Past 30 Years" collection currently displayed in Los Angeles. Several long, slow strolls through Aria...and a dent in it. The design is totally dialed in and cohesive, and an insane amount of thought and attention to detail were poured into the design process. Strolling through the same area at two different times of day will produce different experiences, daylight reflecting colors, passing through textures, nighttime showing off elegant form. Completely innovative materials and textures abound. Breezing through other premier hotel/resort/casinos on the strip after Aria was a comedown, and these were places that made my jaw drop at one time.Check in was quick and easy; staff is friendly and professional. The room was incredible, loved the technology, like Back to the Future or Demolition Man. Now I want my own industrial loft hooked up with the same technology. Even for this over-40, it was very easy to figure out. Decoration is exponentially more beautiful than the competition. Rooms are modernist but not minimalist, so all the predictable attributes are there, plus the heap of technology setting the experience a head and shoulders above the rest. Loved being able to program the room scene for different times of day, and how I'd like the lights, music, curtains and temperature to wake me, and in what manner I'd prefer my room to to spring to life when I enter...drapes open, lights, and of course music or not. The bathroom is a religious experience, with a steam shower and overflow egg tub cordoned off behind glass. Loved the overflow tub. Toilet duties are accomplished in a generously sized, frosted glass alcove which closed completely. Shampoo/conditioner/shower gel matches the scent pumped throughout the hotel, one of the plethora of small details touched upon. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud, the quality of the furniture, fabrics and materials top notch, and predictably, nothing garish, just slick, gorgeous design . Maid service is twice daily. No floppy, plastic "do not disturb/please make up the room" signs, instead push a button and a discreet red LED "do not disturb" appears next to the door. When you return, months or years later, you slide your card and the lights, music, temperature, and drapes adjust to the way they were when you left. Sweet! We were spoiled by the standard room, at half the price of some of the blue-chip properties surrounding it. Parking is easy enough for a 5 year-old, turn in from Las Vegas Blvd, "Aria Self Park" appears in front of you. Markers in the garage are cool in a Buck Rogers way.You won't find typical casino prints or billowing anything here. "Vegas fancy" doesn't exist, making some uncomfortable. Aria and City Center proper is basically a large art museum housing a hotel/resort/casino, and not everyone is interested in art. As this project was coming to fruition, I stated that if a certain demographic said "but it's so cold/ugly/inhuman/stark," that they'd nailed it. And they did.  If you're looking for "fancy," try the rest of the strip, strewn with people in puffy painted shirts, wearing running shoes with every outfit. If you appreciate modern architecture at it's purest and more genuine modern art than the Museum of Contemporary Art, this place will be feast for you. What they've done has snared me, and boatloads of others who were enjoying Aria.City Center will be a smashing success, already attracting their target demographic, repelling the riff-raff. Bravo! A couple things: the menu and food in the cafe are meh, and the hotel needs automatic exterior doors.
5	I am INLOVE with the Aria. Whenever most people think of Vegas, they think bright lights, flashy and the bigger the better. Well, the Aria is certainly big but very different from any other hotels in Vegas. Upon walking in, there was a warm vanilla sugar scent lingering in the air, I took in a deep breath and took it all in. The casino area is surrounded by dark carpeting, dark walls and dim lights. This contemporary feel almost made me forget I was in Vegas. The rooms are gorgeous and the beds were made for royalty. I stayed in a Sky Suite (corner room with a panoramic view of the strip) with my hubs and he was thrilled that everything was controlled by a touchscreen system. The lights, curtains, tv, radio, alarm were all controlled via touch screen. It took me a little longer to get adjusted, but once I did, I loved the convenience of having everything at my fingertips. There is this bakery called "Jean Philippes" located right by the guest elevators and offers some of the best panini, crepes and desserts I've ever had; It's a sweet tooth's galore! I enjoyed breakfast, lunch and snack every day and cannot stop thinking about it. The service was outstanding, everyone was super friendly and helpful.  The only thing I thought was a bit awkward was having to show my key card anytime I wanted to go up to my room . I understand if they asked for room keys at night, but during the day? Really?I enjoyed my trip thoroughly and look forward to coming back, I wish them much success.
2	This hotel will be a gem one day ... but my experience was a disaster!  Avoid at all costs until the kinks are worked out.The check-in process was a nearly all day affair!  Upon arriving at the hotel, we had to wait over 30 minutes while the significantly under-staffed (but very professional and very nice staff) checked in hundreds of guests.  After a long walk with our heavy luggage, we arrived at our first (of 3) rooms.  The high-tech room system was not functioning - we weren't able to open the blackout shades or operate anything electrical in the room so hotel management secured a move to the room next door.  After a nearly 30 minute wait (and 3 phone calls to the front desk), security showed up with our new room keys.  After settling in - it was clear that this room didn't work either.  The high-tech room control device malfunctioned here too.  This time, the shades stayed open, we couldn't turn off the lights, and the TV couldn't be operated.  Another call to the front desk manager (Jennifer) and she offered to send engineering and due to the ~60 minute wait time we decided to spend our time by the pool (that experience is detailed below).  After two room software re-sets, it was determined that we would need to be moved again.  Again, another 45 minute wait (and 2 phone calls to the front desk) before the bell man showed up to escort us to our room on the other side of the hotel.This room worked (except for the slow drain in the shower which caused water to overflow onto the beautiful bathroom floor).  The bellman didn't bring our new room keys (as was promised by the front staff) - so on our way out for the evening, we stopped by the front desk to pick up a new set of room keys.  They were still swamped!  Not even a manager was available to get us keys without waiting in yet another 30 minute line.  We gave up and just went out for the evening. The pool area, while beautiful and spacious, was not a good experience either.  It took 1 hour and 30 minutes before we were served our first pina coloda.  We flagged down the attendant, who confessed that only 2 people were assigned to the hundreds of pooside guests.  We were offered the opportunity to stand in line at the bar for a cocktail - but were adivsed that the wait time was expected to be at least 30 minutes.  Did I mention that this was on Friday afternoon?  How would they be able to handle weekend guests?To be fair - the hotel did credit us a one-night stay and a $100 food/beverage credit.  There's really nothing more they could have offered, but even a free room and $100 of drinking was NOT worth this much hassle!  We literally lost nearly one day of R&R.  We won't be back until they get their staffing and technology issues cleared up.  Once they do, Aria will be a fantastic place.
1	If I could leave 0 stars I would. I read the negative reviews before we stayed at Aria, but chose to try it anyway. We came in as VIP full comp guests. We have stayed in hotels all over the world. Aria by far is one of the worst. Let's just start with the check in. We are supposed to have a 900sq ft suite. We are told upon check in that the suite is unavailable and will not be available for our entire stay. We are put into a 500sq ft regular room. We get to the room and it looks like a room at the Marriott. Unexciting & cheap decor, dirty windows.  Almost every review compained about the all in one remote. Its beyond confusing. It doesn't work. We had to have maintance up to fix the issues.  We then go to Liquid, the adult pool, $50 per person to get in. And it's tiny!!! My pool at home is bigger. No discount for girls or hotel guests. And it's not like we are a couple ugly overweight chicks in moo moo's. We opt out on the adult pool, head over to the regular one. No music, 1 bar with a 45 min wait for a drink, no servers. Next day we leave the room, put on the service room light. Gone for 6 hours, no service. Call for cleaning, 2 hours finally they come to clean room. Call for room service that night on hold 30 minutes. NO joke. Hang up, have to go down stairs to order the room service. The spa was outrageous. $40 for a brow tint. Let's not forget the smell in the room. It smelt like diesel fuel... I'm sure I'm forgetting a few things. I highly recommend not staying or even bothering with going in Aria. The one and only positive is the casino dealers were very nice.
3	This place is nice indeed.  Very modern.  A great feat to architectural design, though I'm no expert. It looks good. I haven't stayed here but its got the whole new Las Vegas feel.  Class, ritz.  If it were a piece of furniture, it'd be a deep cappuccino color.  If it were a candy, it'd be velvety chocolate.  But I think I prefer old Las Vegas.  Dirty, cheap, lackluster, there's something beautiful about all the crazy lights.  And drunk old guys.  Ummm nevermind.
1	I would give this place zero stars, but the ambiance was okay, and its location on the strip/tram is pretty convenient. Oh man, where to begin? I was here for a work event, so we ended up getting a group discount at about 130$/room. Thank god, because if I had spent $400+ somebody would have been hurt. badly. we get to the check-in desk and there was a HUGE line despite the fact that there were 10 different reps. assisting guests. Why? Because apparently, they were explaining to everyone else in front of us who had ordered 2 double or queen rooms (as they told us after we waited 30 minutes in line) that despite the fact that we had reserved a room with two doubles, only rooms with ONE double or queen was available. good thing we had 3 people to our room! They told the people ahead of us as they told us that apparently rooms are on a "first come first served basis." Then why the hell would I make a RESERVATION IN THE FIRST PLACE? they didn't offer us an upgraded room for the same price, nor did they comp us a meal or anything for the EXTREME inconvenience. What DID they offer us? a cot. RAD. To top it off, everything in the rooms is controlled by a single computer control system. There was more than one person in our group who had issues with their lights not turning on, their television not turning off, etc. One person had to actually be moved to another room because they could straighten their computer problems out. When we left, even a tech person employed by the hotel was joking with us about how nothing worked. The layout of this hotel also sucks. They put the sports bar in the back where no one can find it, so it remains relatively empty all the time. you would think that someone with enough money to open a casino would have marketing strategists with an IQ at least slightly above retarded. Not to mention the complicated parking situation.Long story short - if you want to enjoy area, stay at another hotel and check out the sports bar or casino. Stay somewhere you can get more bang for your $.
1	To start, trying to find the entrance was an adventure and not a fun one. I ended up driving in circles and having to exit and try again at another entrance. Thanks for the lack of signs and making it seem like I had to valet my car Aria. Once you finally find the self parking area the entrance requires you to make a left hand turn after you enter a tunnel. Usually not too big of a deal,but they ignorantly added some tall design elements that block your view of on coming traffic. Way to think outside the box. Then once in the parking lot they obviously screwed up and only had parking spaces for half the space on each floor. In other words in designated parking space had a parking spot in-between (full sized) that you could not park in. Result? Can't find a spot and once you do there is a long walk to the elevator awaiting you. No wonder the construction company is in litigation with them. Once off the elevator a ugly smelly concrete cheap wood walk way welcomes you towards the actual entrance to Aria. Absolutely the worse by far first impression of any casino I have ever been in. It is so obvious these people have no common sense or clue about design and function. Reminds me of how MGM also messed up that casino design when it opened. Yes I was there. So, it just seems poorly designed with mundane features. They obviously didn't hire an innovative architect or simply ignored them. It reminds me of something designed in the late 50's or 60's without any charm. If this is the choice they should have done it all out everywhere including the staff instead of thinking the frame would somehow sustain the guts. Really sad, I can't tell you how many times I rewrote that last paragraph to be less negative.Anyway, once inside to the casino it is kind of like an downtown office building atrium. "Yawn" boring, seen it and has been old for a decade. The casino floor is a casino. Nothing special no great design same old. Plus you get the added benefit of the seemingly tightest machines in Vegas. Don't bother, move on. You have a better chance or at least the illusion of winning somewhere else. No excuses, this place is not special in any way.
3	The reception desk is terrible! We booked a room a month in advance. It took 30 minutes of discussion to get them to give us the room they promised. They said my friend was causing, "big trouble" simply for wanting the room we had reserved. Same thing happened to our friend, who had to wait hours to get his room.Later we forgot our key in the room and had to wait another 30 to see a receptionist because everyone was having the same problem and arguing with the front desk. Don't expect fast check ins or your reservations to be honored. Rooms are nice though.
4	Aria disclaimer...we were invited by our casino host from the Mirage so we didn't pay for our room and we came home with more gambling money than we came with which always makes a trip nicer.  But with that out of the way here are my thoughts.Check in was efficient when we got to the desk--but both people in front of us asked really involved questions (next time buddy save your bell desk questions for the bell desk).  So check in took about 20 minutes but most of it was because of bad luck of standing in the wrong line.  When we turned around to leave the 4-5 open lines had grown from 4 people in each to over 8 in each so we timed that well.The room is nice.  Never staying there before we didn't know if the 19th floor was good or not but at check in the woman made it sound nice and said it had "a mountain view".  That's kind of silly to say because it was actually a view of Vdara and other construction still taking place with just a hint of mountain in the back.  I understand "mountain view" sounds preferable to "construction view" but let's call a spade a spade.  Anyway, other than that the room lived up to it's billing on the web.  Nice colors, efficient use of space.  Nothing outrageous but nice--especially the comfortable bed and it was quiet (until the construction started early in the morning but again we knew that going in that it was a new place).  It was cool when you walked into the room and everything lit up from the automated systems.  We thought the remote control unit was fairly easy to use as well.  And again it was nice to have so many features at your fingertips.  One of the TV stations shows flight info at McCarran which was nice to not have to look up on our pda/computers.  Speaking of which--they charge $15/day for internet access which seems a little cheesy.  Just about anywhere else first class we travel that's an amenity and not an expense.  Cheap.It was nice in the mornings to not walk have to walk too far to find coffee and pastries.  The Jean Philippe pastry shop is great.  The brioche was amazing and the coffee good and again it was conveniently located just off the elevators to quickly grab something and head back upstairs.The casino is nice--subdued colors and spacious.  It wasn't crowded during the day but the evenings were fuller.  There was a convention going on (broadcasters) which had swelled the numbers some they said.  Speaking of they--every employee and dealer we had contact with was very pleasant.  I can't recall a place where every person was pleasant.Crystal--the shopping mall--is definitely a work in progress. Nice attention to detail in the building of it though and hopefully it will take off.  You walk through sections of it to get to the tram which takes you to Bellagio or Monte Carlo.  We also walked from the hotel to the strip and it was no problem at all--no further than walking from Caesars to the strip for example.  But there's lots of construction going on so you're walking under cover for some of it.  But it's an easy walk to Bellagio for sure.All and all a fine stay and we'll be back.  But it seems like Bellagio and Mirage have a more solid feel than this place but again it's early.  Give it a try!!
5	Sky Suites.  Enough said.  If you want the ultimate Aria experience bypass the regular hotel and pony up for the high end side.  This will most likely become my preference for staying in Vegas.  The lounge area has food and drinks available 24 hours for guests of the Sky Suites at no charge.  This was a very nice adder.My room was very nice, walk in and the lights come on, music starts, curtains open.  Loved the decor.  Did not get a chance to use the pool area but it looked pretty good.  I will have to check it out on my next stay.
1	I was told by wiser people not to stay in a hotel that hasn't been open at least a year. Boy were they right. It took me 30 minutes just to check in and the computer was broken when I checked out. So I couldn't change my charges to another more convenient card. In fact, two days later, I am still trying to fix the charging problem (It looks like they have double charged me on two cards). Soup and salad in the room was $42 and breakfast (a fruit cup, quiche, and coffee) was $22. Forget trying to call in from the outside and talking to staff. Just now, two days after checking out, I still cannot reach the cashier. And two hours ago, Nicolas (front desk) told me he would have someone call within 20 minutes. Most of the posters have commented on the beauty of the place. They have obviously not stayed here. Its an art museum, not a hotel.
3	Seriously, they need another year to work our the kinks. I've stayed here twice since they've opened and each time it's been pretty miserable. The staff just does not know what they are doing yet. The rooms are pretty technologically advanced but none of the stuff works correctly. You'll be lucky if you can get your TV to work. We were on the phone with the front desk at least half a dozen times during our stay, very frustrating. The bed linens are great but the mattress is so soft I woke up with a back ache everyday. Maybe that's just me but I've never had that happen anywhere else and I stay at a LOT of hotels.
5	I stayed at Aria for the first round of the NCAA Tournament. It is beautifully designed and I had a great time there. I had none of the problems I have seen in other reviews. I arrived late (11pm), but check in was quick and efficient. My room was amazing! Other reviewers have described the hi tech aspects of the room and the possible glitches that can come up. Let me just say that I had very few problems and the ones I had really were (it's hard to admit this) operator error. My one disappointment was that in order to make the bathroom wheelchair accessible we lost the cool combined shower bathtub feature I had heard about. Other than that, the room was very well set up for a wheelchair user and the hi tech features added to that. I really liked the Casino itself. The tables were grouped together by game type and I found it easy to navigate. The Sportsbook is a little small but very nice and they were a little overwhelmed on the first day of the Tournament. Be warned that they use continuous shufflers at the Blackjack tables. the staff was absolutely wonderful. Everyone from the frontdesk to the concierge to Jay, the Taxi Line guy did all they could to make my stay more enjoyable. Aria is not your Dad's Vegas Casino. No theme, no costumed employees. Just a beautiful, modern Casino/Resort that I can't wait to have the opportunity to go back to again!
4	I was nervous about staying here because of the bad reviews, but I happy now that I went ahead and tried it for myself.  Let me tell you, I have a very comfortable bed, but I already miss the one at Aria.  You just melt into this bed and pillows.  And yes, you can buy it for the price of $2,000.So, no problems with check-in, upgraded to a suite.  One of the best views of Vegas I have ever had.  Love the floor to ceiling windows in the bathroom.  Another note on the bathroom- the toilet seat is heated.  Had no problems working the gadgets in the room as others have mentioned (really now??).  The only negative I have to say on the room is the lack of TV from the bed.  You had to go sit in the "living room"  to watch TV.  Not sure if that was the plan, or just ran out of cash.  Also, we had a empty fridge for our drinks, but it didn't really work.  Should have called someone to fix it, but it wasn't that big a deal.Loved the pool area.  Very relaxing.  What I liked about this pool is the umbrellas.  I love to sunbathe as much as the next person, but sometimes you need a break.  Other Vegas pools there is no shade to be had anywhere. The property is huge.  There is alot to do here.  I didn't mind the dim lighting in the casino, everywhere else is super bright. The tram to the Bellagio is great.  Used that several times.  So we were very happy with our stay.  I would go back with a great rate.
4	What a great casino... a total departure from the style of every other casino I have ever been to... Very modern and relaxed. Darker colors too. They also pump some kind of vanilla-ish scent into here so it doesnt even smell like smoke!! I did not stay here (I was at Vdara next door) but I did come here a good amount to have fun and explore.
3	I love the style, but the smell made me sick.  All casinos pump something in to the air to keep things smelling ok, but this place literally smells like cheap men's cologne 24/7. At night it's way worse.  After a few drinks the smell makes you want to leave the main levels of the casino and bars etc.... The room was fantastic. The pools were so-so.  It takes about 2 hours to get a drink b/c the pool staff is completely understaffed.  I would go back if they worked on the bad smell....
1	My boyfriend and I had such a terrible stay at Aria I am writing my first Yelp review! I read other reviews first and thought, "Naw, these bad things happen to other people not me." Fail. Checking in took forever as the employees are super slow, and when we FINALLY got to our room, we discover the lock to enter the room is completely dead. About twenty minutes later and two employees attempting to help us, they give up and tell us to sit on hold with the front desk in the elevator lobby. Twenty more minutes passes by as I drink a beer in frustration. Finally we decide to go down and get this handled since we had to still eat dinner & get ready for the clubs. The manager was nice for being super stressed  so he upgrades our room, but still the room was just okay, too much crazy technology that no one can figure out,. I would have rather stayed at Palazzo or my favorite - The Trump. We ordered room service which was bland, overpriced, and made my boyfriend sick. They failed to give us our free play money in the casino too, saying it 'wasn't in their system.' And watch out for timers that go off in the morning, turning on your TV, all the lights, and the blackout curtains! We complained and ended up getting our room comped but it wasn't worth the hassle. I wouldn't say it's as beautiful as everyone says, it's like most nice hotels on the strip. It's just not quite there yet, they need to work on a lot of things.I will give them the 1 star for comfy mattresses and pillows though.If you're thinking about it...just don't do it. The long complaint line is just not worth your time.
3	Short:Looks great from the outside. Full:You know those girls who look SUPER hot, but they pretty much have a vegetable as a brain? Yea, this is the hotel version of that... I hate to say it but it's true. The design and everything is great with the fountains and water running everywhere along with the lights. You are ever greeted by the valet parking service once you arrive (who by the way only open the doors for the ladies....). Once you get into the lobby you see crowds the front desk is very inefficiently lined. The line is not blocked off you you have a huge crowd of people blocking other crowds of people who have just arrived with plenty of luggage and that just makes everything worse and even more confusing. The lobby is nicely cooled though, which is the only plus I have to say about this place. The elevators are pretty far off from the lobby and people who hate carrying heavy luggage might want to reconsider. Once you get to the elevators, you need to watch the signs carefully and make sure you take the right elevator to your floor cause they do not cover all the floors which is pretty inefficient and poorly designed. The rooms are nice and very modern and computerized. With a touch of a button everything gets turned on and the curtains can roll back. Don't touch the fridge if you DO NOT want to get extra charged a ridiculous amount for snacks ($3 snickers) and bottled water ($8). Be warned. The walls are NOT soundproof. So if you live next to a party of douches, you're pretty much stuck there to deal with them. Don't expect to be able to change rooms. And don't expect to be able to reach the front desk through phone to have some one to go over there to tell them to shut up next door. You're much better off taking matters into your own hands. The pool is nice since there are different sections for adults and kids. The jacuzzis are plenty warm. And the water seems clean "visually". The only bad thing about this place is that it closes too early (6pm)The valet pick up location is too far from the main door so if you have a lot luggage it will be very tiring to get to and this is coming from a pretty fit guy. The buffet is okay, but not worth you're money.
3	Well i'm not one who really cares for huge Hotel/Casinos I'll have to say the Aria is a nice hotel but I probably would never stay there to me it was a pain for one to find the restroom it seems like there were like only 2 in or near the Casino area. For me it was cool just to see and probably won't return unless someone wants to see it. I do have to say the decor was really cool kinda like a modern trendy atmosphere not one for an old school gambler.
4	I haven't actually stayed at the Aria but I have been to the hotel and hung out in the rooms (even if I haven't actually slept in a room).  Aria is located in the City Centre, which is so amazing, it can't even be described by words.  You just have to see it.  It's really nice and futuristic feeling.  I feel like I'm in The Jetsons when I'm in there.  The rooms are a little bit small, probably some of the smallest I've seen on The Strip but they're decorated very nicely and modern.  The beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are nice, although small also.  The view from the room was really nice but you can only see The City Centre not the entire strip since Aria is tucked in at the end of their long valet driveway.  The whole entire hotel/casino smells really nice.  I think they pump aromatics through the AC to cover up the cigarette smoke.  Although for some reason, the hotel tower was uncomfortably warm.  Another thing I noticed is that the elevators go up kinda fast...my ears popped and so did everyone else's.  If I was drunk, the speed of the elevator would probably make me nauseous.
4	Great gaming and not that many orphans running wild.  I definitely enjoy the mature design of the casino and hotel.  Great selection of restaurants, we ate at Julian Serrano twice! Did not have time to catch a show but if I did it would have been Viva Elvis.  Loved the shop, bought my son a very cute Elvis shirt as we love all things kitsch and King.
1	This place blows!I always get comps at MGM & Mandalay, but though I'd shell out a few bucks for the Aria just to check it out.  If you have seen the bad reviews, believe them!  Too bad I had a comped room at the Bellagio for three nights and I decided to stay here instead.  What a dummy I am!  Here's my lists of pros & cons:Pros:-Nicely designed rooms-Awesome bathroom! Shower & tub are together so you can leavethe water running in the tub and it will spill over into the shower drain!-Blinds open in room upon your arrival (how awesome is that!)-Touch-screen remote & plasma TV (thank god most of Vegas now offers more than 2 channels on their TV!)-There were like two people in the casino.  I consider that a pro.Cons:-dirty, Dirty, DIRTY!  Yes, it's true!  The window was SUPER dirty, but I let it slide because there was a bit of rain on the way there so maybe it was raining in Vegas before I got there.  I think some hairy guy was laying on the bed before I got there because there was some nasty body hair on my comforter.  Eww!  There was also hair in the tub.  What looked like a half eaten Moet & Chandon cork was inbetween the mini-bar snacks, the shower gel they gave had been opened because it had leaked out and you could see gooey hands closed it back up.  Two lights were busted also - the bathroom light (that sucked!) and a vanity light. WTF?! Isn't this casino new? My last gripe about the dirtiness, I swear...I asked for a refill on my cranberry juice from my zombie waiter - he brought one back and I noticed there was some orange pulp on it.  Drank a sip and noticed it tasted like a cranberry orange.  Held it up in the light and there was pulp all in there.  What the hell???  Did this guy give me a used old orange juice glass and refill it with cranberry juice instead?! -Unhappy staff (Lobby, Front Desk, Dealers, Door people, Hostess, Waiters..anyone else I left out?  Oh yeah, the only nice person was the valet guy!  There were two people checking in who were being helped and I was the only person in line to check in.  Some idiot staff there decided he needed to make a line (for who?!), told me to go behind one of the parties being helped and told me I was "next in line".  I think I had that figured out from the time I stepped in line.   -Crappy slot machines. I lost 1k in literally about 20 minutes.  Damn you max bet!  There wasn't much variety in machines, which was a bummer.-Table games:  Douche bag players at tables.  And not only that, they don't know how to play.  I couldn't win at a single table or slot.  The dealers don't even say "good luck" when they hand you the chips because they know you're gonna lose so what's the point?-Food: Way overpriced for mediocre food.  The buffet was not very good.  There wasn't much to eat.  I came out hungry...at a buffet! They had some crab legs on ice but they weren't very cold.  The shrimp & asparagus was excellent, but that was literally the ONLY good thing they had there.  The desert was just o.k. Ate at their cafe.  $4.50 for a coke, $4 for a coffee and $14 for a club sandwich? Way too pricey! It should have at least been good.  That was probably the worst club I've ever had - how can you make that bad?  Again, I really didn't care for the employees anywhere.-Zombie staff: The staff outweigh the guests.  There's just too many people working there, I don't get it.  A guy standing in the lobby to tell you to stand in line, an elevator guy checking your key 24 hours a day, random guys standing around by the escalator keeping an eye on the place - they were just EVERYWHERE!  Really irritating!  I was so surprised that no one was even remotely friendly.  Not even a smile.  I'm wondering if Aria is human trafficking or something because these people don't seem right.  Was I on vacation or in prison?Last con: Parking.  I always do valet in Vegas, but thank god I did because I wouldn't even have a clue where to go. I think this is a casino that you could go to just to see what it looks like since it's new.  I would definitely not stay here again.  It seemed too far to walk out onto the strip and complicated, so I didn't even bother.  I like to stay at the MGM - the room is decently priced, the location on the strip is excellent, great games and it's clean. Thanks but no thanks, Aria.  Don't blame your lack of guests on the economy, it's your hotel.  Good luck with your sub-par employees, hotel & casino.
4	After canceling 2 reservations because of bad reviews I bit the bullet and stayed at the Aria early this week. I go for poker and usually stay @ Bellagio. In 3+ days @ Aria could not get a 4-8 limit game so played over 20 hours @ Bellagio which is my favorite room for poker. Aria has a beautiful poker room with very nice people. The poker rate is $99 during the week hard to beat. If you play poker ask for Kathleen in the poker room. That $99 includes invited guest check in, late checkout and $2 comps per hour in poker room. The hotel, as most say, is really beautiful. The coffee shop is gorgeous. Service is much faster than Bellagio. There is a Breeze Cafe in the pool area that is very pleasant for breakfast. They serve the pastries  from  Pierre which are awesome.  However I was underwhelmed by the crepes.Checkin was a snap. That is just a matter of luck at any hotel even with VIP checkin. The standard room is very nice, a smidgen smaller than Bellagio and more than a smidgen smaller than Venetian and Encore. Still plenty of room. The remote gadget which does everything but brush your teeth took me a half hour to semi understand. Then again I'm still struggling with an I phone. The physical hotel is beautiful and yes thgey seem to have cut corners at the end of their building. Men's room facilities do not measure up to Wynn-Encore.Valet service at check in leaves much to be desired. No greeting, no bellman offered.Valet check out also has no service. Wait can be avoided by calling for car from room.Everyone I dealt with was very nice. However, very few employees know much about where anything is. After 4 months they should be better trained.Pretty pool, no service. Open only 9-6Room service is more expensive than any of the 5 star hotels in LV. Bath towels could be softer. Shower could have more pressure. Housekeeping very good and available.No electric outlets at bed. Maintenance guy with an attitude. Only bad apple in whole barrel of service people.I will go back in May. If MGM avoids bankruptcy City Center will improve for them. If not someone else will profit on what ,right now, appears to me to be a white elephant.
4	The prettiest casino hotel from the outside.  Inside is really nice too, though the casino area is a bit small.  Nice selection of restaurants.
5	WOW!! Awesome place! I highly recommend that you stop in and check this place out. By the way, there is not a dress code here
4	I was overall pretty impressed by this hotel.  It's very chic and modern, perhaps a little too cold and uninviting, but nice.  The rooms were awesome!  Nice bed, wonderful view(one whole wall was basically a big window), bathroom was very nice.  You could open and close the curtains eith your tv and set your alarm that way as well as turn on/off all the lights.  Here are some downfalls: no cheap eats anywhere in it, check in/out took quite a bit of time, maid service did not come everyday.  We got a good rate on rooms so it was well worth it.
5	Hands down the nicest place I've ever stayed at with my girlfriend and our "Vegas Travel Crew." We stayed here for our friend's birthday and we will never forget the experience! It started off with getting picked up at the airport by limo and we were on our way. The driver took us to the hotel from the I-15 and got off at a private driveway specifically for the Aria Sky Suites. So you get in through the private entrance and then you walk through a long hallway to reach the private lobby. The private lobby is stocked with all sorts of fun goodies from fruit, to pastries, to cheese, and other delectable assortments. The bottom refrigerators are stocked with Fiji bottled water, small GLASS bottles of Coke (you don't see those around anymore), ginger ale, Perrier, and other beverages. How does it get better? Well, let's talk about our room.The room we stayed in was massive! We don't know how it happened but our friend who checked in for us -- well, it was under his name -- somehow got an upgrade. Magically. I say magically because we stayed here around the end of January and the hotel had only been open for about two to three weeks prior. How is it possible that he qualified for an upgrade without us even stepping foot inside the hotel and gambling one red cent? How? Magic, that's how. So yes, the lady at the front desk upgraded our two bedroom Aria Sky Suite to a two bedroom Aria Penthouse. Yeah, I said it. A fucking two bedroom penthouse! The penthouse was HELLA huge! It had a living room with a 52" LCD tv, dining room, mini kitchen, a powder room, and two huge bedrooms both with 42"LCD tv's complete with the most stunning view ever! The only complaint that we did have was that the bathtub in one of the bathrooms somehow kept turning itself on and off. The bathtub doesn't use a knob to turn on the faucet. It has a sensor so water is only supposed to come out when you wave your hand in front of it. Oddly enough, the water kept coming out during various points through our stay. We called the front desk to have maintenance come and check on it but it didn't really help as the problem was never really fixed. But we didn't care because we were having such a good time in our penthouse!  I have recurring dreams of our stay at the Aria Sky Suites and am definitely looking forward to going back there once CityCenter has everything up and running. It's all still a work in progress and some places are open and some are not but it will definitely be something to behold once everything finally comes together.Aria = Genius!
4	Stayed at Aria on Saturday night.  To be honest, I'm surprised at the low overall reviews.  The rooms are a little on the smaller side, but very well put together.  The design is very modern, while remaining very comfortable and relaxing.  The bed is phenomenal, it was definitely awesome to be able to get a quality night sleep after being up all night drinking.  The entire room is automated and controlled with this mini-tv like remote.  This is a fantastic feature as I could literally sit in bed and open and close the blackout blinds at a push of a button when I felt like messing with my girlfriend in the morning (she was SUPER hungover, it was hilarious).  Problem is, by the time I figured everything out on that damn remote it was time to check-out.  The room was really insulated, so never had to deal with the stupid drunk mess that constantly walks by your door in Vegas.  Oh, last thing, next time I would ask for a room next to the elevator.  This hotel is enormous and walking to our room felt more like an adventure quest than anything else.  The casino is great, it reminds me of planet hollywood, everything is dim and dark brown colors, very relaxing.  They also pump this weird odor throughout the casino, kind of smells like chocolate.
2	Wow, what an experience. I think this hotel opened prematurely, especially w/ 4000 rooms. We did not find one person checking out that had a satisfactory experience.  Our check-in was a nightmare - didn't get into our room until after 7pm. They couldn't put us on same floor as our other 2 parties.  One friend never got room service.  Ours didn't come until 5pm. Hairs in sink. Toilet dirty. Check-in clerks less than accommodating. Did have a great check-out experience, although I scanned all the agents to see who seemed the most pleasant. They are aware of their shortcomings and are trying to improve, but unfortunately for Aria, most guests will probably not return. Of the 3 guests in line, none were happy and all received some sort of compensation.  Not good.  Hotel restaurants were good though.  Decor is dark. Rather stay at Bellagio, Wynn or Venetian. This hotel needs a lot of work.
3	Stayed Sunday to Monday.  Check in was a disorganized chaos.  After finally getting to the desk we asked for a room higher than the 3rd floor they asked if we wanted.  We were told a room on a higher floor would not be available for at least 3 hours. WTF?   We just wanted to drop our stuff off so we went with the 3rd floor room...MISTAKE.  Our view was of the roof top.Overall, the room was very nice.  Bed was great and the room was spacious.  The 'fun' of the control pad for the room lasted...for about 10 minutes.  After that I did what I could to avoid it since the cable barely reached the bedside and the display did not work very well.  We tried to make a local call from the room phone but the line did not work. After 3 unanswered calls to the Front Desk, we gave up.The hotel and casino was great and massive so be ready for a little trek if you plan to walk to the strip.The free valet worked out great and was pretty efficient. I would stay here again, but only at the discounted rate we got thru total rewards.
1	Nothing but problems. We stayed on a sat & sun. Lets start from the beginning. We reserved a non-smoking 2 queen bed room & they claimed all they had left was smoking rooms. We even asked for an upgrade to a suite & claimed those were all sold out and we would get the upgrade the next day. C'mon out of 4,500 rooms not a single non smoking left? BS. Sick of going back & forth, we settled for the smoking room which was "strip view". Check-in took close to an hour.We get settled into our room & the electronics start malfunctioning. Lights turning on & off, curtains opening & closing, tv turns on blasting Japanese music. When the lights turn off we realize there is nothing covering the top of the curtains so bright blinking lights all night from the fountain below. WTF?! This is now 1am & we call to complain, they send a tech guy 45 mins later & comp the night. I must say the beds are comfortable but I got no sleep due to 10,000 watts of blinking light & had to go to a convention the next day.We switch rooms in the morning. Not a suite as promised. Great. They tell us they will have one ready later on. We get back & this takes another hour of our time to get the room. Bell hop guy was really really nice. 5 min to walk there from the elevator. Suite not impressive, set up weird, & king bed when we asked for 2 queens. 5 min to walk there from the elevator. Forget wearing heels- hehe I'm an easy going person but Geeeeeze they can't get anything right! At this point we can just laugh. Not worth anymore of our time to switch again. They comped $50 for 2nd night. Bidet in bathroom was nice though. Rooms look nice, bathroom is nice, bed is great. The way it's run is no bueno. Too much of our time spent changing rooms when we could be enjoying Vegas! Not cool.
3	stayed here for 3 nights a few weeks ago. No problem with the check-in.  I was very impressed with the remote control but that wore off pretty quickly.  I didn't really like the bath tub and the shower in the same stall.  At first I thought it was kinda cool, but it makes it hard to take a bath while your spouse is taking a shower. The water from the shower will get in the tub and the whole stall because almost like a sauna. The bed I liked initially.  But after a few days, I started to wake up with some backaches.  Maybe the bed was too soft?I might stay here again because it's in a very good location.  But it's just an ok hotel.
3	According to bing.com, the word "aria" means "opera song: a melody sung solo or as a duet in an opera, oratorio, or cantata."  Now being that this hotel and casino is amongst a couple in the City Centre on the Las Vegas strip, Aria is more like a facade, more impressive from the outside.  The casino is fairly small and looks similar to Red Rock or even San Manuel if you are familiar with these smaller casinos.  The 2nd floor has shops that quite frankly, are not that interesting to shop in, but I did like the Viva Elvis shop, especially for you Elvis fans, that store blasts Elvis music and you can purchase things here without having to make a trip to Graceland.  I watched the Viva Elvis show and it cost  $145 for a balcony seat, pretty pricey, but what do you expect for being the newest show on the strip.  It was an awesome show, be prepared to catch a scarf falling from the ceiling at the end of the show...great Elvis tribute!  If you plan to watch the 7pm Viva Elvis show, I suggest heading into the buffet for an early dinner, they have lobster (1 per person) and complimentary wine!  I enjoyed the seafood selections, mostly different shrimp dishes, and the pasta station was good too.  The desserts were my favorite, they had small portions which were easy to consume and not feel so guilty about, especially when you have like 6 or 7 other desserts on your plate.  The outdoor pool area has several pools and I happened to go when Kristin Cavallari from "The Hills," was making an appearance, unfortunately no celebrity sightings here.  The pool has no fancy or majestic landscaping, waterfalls, or statues, but it was packed with people and they seemed to be having fun regardless.  So if you happen to visit the Aria Resort and Casino, try the buffet and Viva Elvis, but everything else is just a-ok.
5	I will definitely stay here again next time I am in Vegas. I went with 2 great friends who have both traveled extensively and they were equally impressed. I am glad that there is a separate listing available for SkySuites since this section of the hotel may be a different experience from the rest of the hotel. What I liked:- The reservations were easy and for a modern 2 bedroom suite, it was affordable- The elimination of lines and wait - you get picked up at the airport and there is a private check-in with snacks and coffee available (cocktails too). The snacks and drinks are available most of the day, so if you need coffee or a quick bite, it is quite easy. The cookies were amazing and the coffee was good too.- The bed, uh, have you ever slept in a cloud. We got home at 3:30 a.m. and the beds were to die for. We are all thinking about how we can buy one- Huge bath tub and bathroom with the "heated" Japanese toilets - Amazing shopping if you like very high end designers - Lanvin, Miu Miu, LV, Hermes, Bottega- The "lobby" is calm and not crowded with people- The concierge is great (upon arrival my assigned concierge did not get back to me that fast every time, so they might need a little more staffing here or maybe I am high maintenance)We just had such a great time at the hotel and I cannot say enough how much I would recommend that you stay at this hotel (or part of the hotel).
1	Hotel is amazing; very well designed, decorated, simply KUDOS to designers!!Service on the other hand is a disaster, never seen anything as bad.. God forbid if you have to deal with the front desk... All incompetent, careless people has been selected as front desk agents or managers... Customer service doesn't exist in this hotel from the front office side.. It was very sad that such a beautiful property is in very poor hands.. If you are planning to stay there, keep your contact with the front office to minimum and DO NOT ask concierge for any suggestions:#1 they gave us wrong directions - took us almost an hour cab ride where the place was actually 10 minutes away#2 gave us restaurant suggestions - when we got to the restaurant, we were the only people dining there - it was awful! Simply put STAY AWAY FROM THE FRONT DESK AND THE CONCIERGE DESK !
3	Just got back from a 3 night trip to Aria.  Here's the deal:~ All these reviews that talk about how bad the service is?  Yeah, it's not just a coincidence.  The service is really terrible.  To give you an idea, we would be out of the room ALL day and then come back around 8pm and the room wouldn't be clean.  We called and were told, "Yeah, we're short staffed."  ~ The workers at the hotel are not well trained.  It's really obvious...it's kinda like "every guest for themselves."  ~ The technology in the room is a bit of overkill.  I mean, I'm Gen-Y, I love my laptop more than my family, I get technology.  But you'll see....the rooms feel like a computer lab.~ All this can be overlooked because the hotel is really beautiful, and really cool.  It's beautiful, innovative, smells yummy, and is shiny and new.  And that's all that matters in Vegas, right?
4	Very nice decor and well designed.  Did not have any problem with service and really enjoyed the connectivity of the room (can control everything from the remote).  The remote is tricky though and can wear on you quickly; it is the reason for four stars versus anything higher.
4	Room is nice, and clean  check in sucked, our room was not even ready until 6:00 PM  very annoying but we spent time from 1-6 PM playing at the tables and touring the hotel.  The pool area is awesome and staff at Liquid are very nice.  I am a fan and looking to go back to Aria but the check in scares me.
4	What??? Don't listen to the bad reviews this hotel is amazing. Check in was smooth no problems. The room itself was so nice. The bathrooms are huge with a tub inside the shower. Very clean and the rooms are spacious. U can turn the tv on ,open the curtains, and turn the lights on with a remote control. The only thing I can say is that if you want a quick bite you have to leave the hotel because they only have sit down restaurants. They have a club inside the hotel as well. Aria gave us free passes on a saturday night which was really nice. We got two rooms and they gave us conjoined rooms which was sweet!!! One of my retarded drunk friends took one of the chocolates and opened it from the hotel. We explained what happened and they were nice enough to remove the charge!!! I would definitely stay here again. No complaints at all decor was nice as well.
2	Good:* I found the design visually pleasing.  It lacks the cheesiness that's so common on Las Vegas Boulevard.  (Aside: The two nearby unopened towers are stunning.)* Competence (which was all over the place) aside, the staff seems to be composed of generally nice people.Bad:* Our reservation for two beds turned into one bed and... a cot.  (It was a very uncomfortable cot.)  I understood this to be a common occurrence after talking with some other guests.  Apparently the joint has 4000 or so rooms and only a few hundred with two beds.  Watch out!* I could barely see out of our west-facing windows.  I'd guess that, yes, there has been some recent construction in the area.  Still, basic blocking and tackling for a hotel should include clean windows, right?* Minor complaint #1: The drain didn't work in our shower.  It had to be fixed.* Minor complaint #2: It took "security" an eternity to retrieve something from our room.  I could have run to Hoover Dam and back in that time.- - -Yes, there were some positives.  But, I'd probably try something else for that kind of coin (perhaps the Super 8 and a big dinner somewhere).
2	After staying here the first time a few months ago I decided that I wouldn't come back (Read Natasha M. review for the recap on that stay) Aria has only two things gong for it, its new and its smells nice when you walk inside. Other than that its like every other Vegas hotel. If you're looking for refreshing decor go to Encore. Or for space go to Palazzo. Aria offers neither one of those. After my first visit, I had to come back here a second time for my sisters bachelorette weekend. I tried convincing her not to stay here but she didn't budge bc rightly so she wanted to experience this new hotel for herself .... to put it lightly by the end of our trip I couldn't hear myself say "I told you so" enough. How wrong can Aria get booking a room? Instead of giving us two rooms with the request of 2 king beds in one and 1 king in another, we got 1 room with only one king bed, for 5 girls. NO. you're joking. are you on crack? where the first three things that came to mind when the concierge told us there was nothing he could do being that it was "fight week" and they were completely booked.How irresponsible of the hotel to over book guests. If they aren't ready to handle that many customers then they shouldn't be open. Lucky for Aria they hired Chris (the concierge guy) and he tried helping by discounting the room for us which was nice and why two points are given. He also told us that he would send up a fold out bed so that we could be a little more comfortable. Fine. So we get up to the room and everyone is beginning to cool down from being so angry. We're having fun pushing all the buttons in the little remote when we realize about 30min into being in our room, where is the bed they promised to bring up? We call down to the front desk only to be told by a string of people that I need to be connected to this or that person. FINALLY I get a hold of someone and they tell me that they have RUN OUT of fold out beds. Seriously lady!? Weren't we just promised a bed at the front desk by Chris? They seem to not have enough of anything in this place. No rooms and now no beds. Seriously, you should have an extra bed to every room. This is not 1912 and we are not on the Titanic. Be prepared Aria, and go get enough supplies!! We ended up getting the bed but only after a slew of yelling. Aria, why would you want someone to have to get angry in order to get what is expected? Just do your job and maybe you'll have a happy customer at the end of the day.
5	Loved Aria. True check in was a little on the slow side and disorganized and housekeeping horrendous but overall the hotel is great, and rooms were really nice and controlled electronically. The hotel has a diffferent look than all other hotel-casinos on the strip, without a theme other than a high end look.  Casino was on the dark side so was not really encouraged to sit at the tables but nonetheless great hotel, cool bars, great pool. Highly recommend this place. Most of the stores that are connected to the hotel have yet to open but many of the same can be found within or next to Caesars etc...To the housekeeping issues, we would get back at the end of a day and true the room would not be made up. Furthermore when we checked in the bathroom was still somewhat dirty if you can read between the lines and some of the toiletries were not even placed to the point that we presumed "strange-they don't include soap here?".Nonetheless still like this place a lot but over time it will be interesting to see if they sort out their issues and become top notch or if after a maturation process it goes downhill.
4	First: We solved the check in problem by checking in at 4AM (Vegas!!), that worked fine as there was no line but when we got to our  "Strip View" room we were a little surprised to find the room pizza shaped with the window at the point and tiny. Asked the bell guy what was up and he said "oh, you got the wedge room... did you check in late? ... we said that was one way to look at it, or you could say we checked in early :-) anyway, he said these rooms get handed out last and suggested we call down in the morning to get moved. Which we did, and they did and we spent our second night in a room with spectacular floor to ceiling windows, very nice. Everyone was very nice when we asked about this and they were all helpful. Oh, and this was fight weekend -- the place was packed. So extra points for making it happen although perhaps the "wedge" rooms should be converted to storage or a lower room class.We called down for breakfast at some point and the very nice operator warned it would take about an hour ... no go for us. She did offer they could do beverages faster and we got some coffee that came up in 10-15 minutes, no perfect but a more than acceptable save.The rooms are nice, the hotel is clean. It is centrally located. The room control stuff is cool -- we have the same system at home -- but I kept opening and closing the blinds at random times. Maybe that was the booze... not sure. Anyway, it is kind of novel.I think it is always fun to go to these new places. The late night action at the tables (craps for us) is fun and the casino is a total spectacle; we probably had the most fun just sitting in a casino bar and watching the spectacle go buy... wow. Just what you expect at a new hotel, lots of folks out of their mind -- some so loaded they are in wheel chairs, others less loaded and driving those little motorized chairs around (really, just for fun, i guess you can rent them, wtf?), lots of hookers roaming around, the random drunk girlfriend clueless that her boob is totally hanging out of her dress as she walks through the casino hanging on her man (i kid you not). Vegas!!I'd go back here ... it was fun. The check in thing scares me to -- I think I'll take the same approach next time and just cross my fingers I don't get the "wedge" room again :-)
4	back to my VEGAS hotel reviews! =D Aria is very modern.. the room is simple, classy, designed in a contemporary style... All electronics, TV, radio, curtains, lighting's are controlled by a simple touch screen remote placed next to the bed. I got the room on the 54th floor (the top floor) facing the strip with incredibly beautiful view. If you check in Late you might not get the room you desired... I usually get to Vegas & check in after 10 PM first time they give me a smoking room when i asked for a non smoking room. but they switched for me. I didn't like dealing w/all the hassles.. second time I'm here asking for a room with 2 full size they only have single bed room left. They switched it for me the next day & for all the inconvenience they brought they've given me $150 credit to my account. They have a great management system, & great with handling situation dealing problems. pool is amazing.. it's more of a family scene rather than Tao beach is more of a younger crowd. Maybe I was here on the mother's day, it was mostly families. I also got Internet service which charges $15 in 24 hr per laptop. I tho the service is per room, but no it's per device. I definitely will be back cause they do know how to treat their VIP clients =) i'm very satisfied with their service...
4	stayed here this past weekend with Justin B. and cant really complain about my stay. after seeing a lot of bad reviews, i was hesitant to stay here but still felt like i had to check it out for myself. checked in early at like noon on a friday. check in process was quick and painless. had no problem getting a 1-king bed, non-smoking, higher floor room as requested. the room was nice and clean plus the remote control for the room worked just fine. when leaving the room the next morning, we had our 'service' light lit up on the door and when we came back 2 hours later, our room was already turned down and cleaned. granted we never called down to the front desk to request extra towels or ammenities, but the service we received at aria was nothing but pleasant and efficient. also even called for a late check out on sunday and received an extra hour no problem.found aria's location very convenient as well. sure you may have to walk but it's vegas and it's expected. we definitely utilized the free tram to bellagio a lot. aria is also connected to monte carlo through a walkway but we didnt check that out during the trip. walked around to check out Caesars, Planet Hollywood and Harrahs but did have to taxi it up to Wynn when we wanted to check out that hotel - still the trip was only $10. didnt have time to check out the pool area so that's def on my to do list the next time i'm here!note: if you're a mgm/mirage players club member, you can get a rate on a weekend for $139 a night right now - felt that this was a reasonable price for the hotel.
2	Edited 5/22/2010(I have reviewed both Encore and Palazzo which were the two previous new casinos to open on the strip and gave them both 5 stars.) Original post....In building this they managed to suck out all the feel of Las Vegas. If I want a big city feel I'll just go to the casinos in my home town. It's very bland with a lot of open wasted space shopping mall with high dollar shops all empty no people in them buying anything. MGM has put their future hopes on this property but it's a flop in my opinion. I go to Vegas to get away from what they tried to achieve I can't see me going there again any time soon. Also if I walk that end of the strip I will not walk on their side of the street any longer it just a time consuming maze just to walk by city center. To sum it up no Las Vegas feel what so ever and very boring.
4	My recent stay at Aria was very pleasent.  We had a great room on the 39th floor elevators were always fast, the room was always cleaned and when i called down for a toothbrush they brought it up promptly.  The only semi complaint would be the room and bathroom size.  Its your basic size room but comfortable, bathroom could be bigger.  We had a king size bed and it was very comfortable!!!! the high tech controller in the room was cool but hard for me to get used to.  My favorite area was the pool.  They have 3 pools all equally nice, bathrooms were very clean and staff really friendly.  Only complaint was that you couldn't bring your cocktails with in 4ft of it....We went to Liquid for a little bit and had a lot of fun.  Resturants: Lemongrass - Thai food was really good big portions made it easy to share, they also had really good drinks- lychee martini!! - Jean Philippe - a bit pricey for sandwiches but the breakfast sandwich and chicken sandwich were both good, i didnt try any of the desserts.Buffet- Im not a big buffet person but ate here one morning it was ok..Julian serreno- Tapas were all really good - lamb was my favorite- nice low key light meal My overall experince here was really nice and I love the location I would stay here again.
5	I recently stayed at Aria with two visiting girlfriends here in Vegas.  Aria is terrific and different from all the other Vegas hotels. So new and modern and beautiful. The rooms are really, really nice. We asked for adjoining rooms so that was great. The casino is nice and not overwhelming. We played Craps the whole time and never walked away a loser so that was nice. We ate at Cafe Vettro, Breezes Cafe, and Lemongrass.  Both were fantastic. It's pricey, but so is everything in Vegas. The location is great. Take the tram to Bellagio and walk to Caesars. The doormen and bell servers were very helpful. The pool was great too! Not huge, but just right. The only two hotels I would ever want to stay at in Vegas are Aria and The Bellagio.
2	Aria, Aria, Aria for so many years that I've been waiting for you to be built, I finally visited you, and you m'dear, are over-fricking-rated. I didn't stay at the hotel, I only visited the casino. It's a huge, too big for my taste. I liked how they kept up with the whole MGM regulated smell factor. The moment you walk into most MGM properties, you'll notice that they have nice vanilla like smell, that kinda masks the smell of the cigarettes, emphasis on kinda. I was way more impress with the M Resort when they first opened. I'm from San Diego and one thing that they have at the M Resort (which we don't have any where else in LV) are the readily available soda machines on the casino floor for FREE, as long as you're playing, and all that leaves the cocktail waitress to be useful for are either cigs or alcoholic beverages. NOT ANYTHING LIKE THIS here in Las Vegas. And you would think that they would as it's a work-out in itself just trying to get to the fricking PUB (no bueno). My biggest complaint about this place is that it feels so UNINVITING. The colors are so dull and not eye catching. Nothing makes me want to feed the machines with green paper and the dealers at the table look so f'n cranky. Yea, that depressed look on your face makes me wanna play at your table! So to recap: 1. Aria smells good. 2. Aria is massive, too big, you'll get lost. And don't think about asking workers where anything is at... They don't even know.3. Aria is uninviting. Splash some color on your walls and on those dealers faces, they're so depressing to look at!!! TID BIT: I have no idea if they have a parking garage at Aria, I heard that it's Valet ONLY, who knows... But what we did was park at Monte Carlo. They're connected and if you're trying to get to crystals or some other far, far away hotel within City Center, they have a monorail.P.S. DB Promoter at the Haze entrance, could it hurt you to finish your damn text message AFTER I asked you to help me find my way back to the yellow brick road?!
1	Okay... Let's be honest here for a moment...I have stayed at 6 or 7 places in Vegas, from the 5 star megaresorts tot the $29 a night.  I usually like my stays, usually because I get what I pay for.  I don't check into the South Point, a decent place but not really nice, expecting the Wynn or Encore.  I am okay with that because I get the room for $35 along with some decent card playing.I stayed here with friends this weekend and we paid a premium price because we wanted a premium experience.  Unlike the slightly less expensive Wynn, of which I have had two very good experiences, this was awful.First, the entire place is dark.  Very dark.  The dark wood and metal design is paired with horrible lighting.  I felt like I was staying at the mole casino the entire time.Next, everything was very spendy.   I expect spendy on the Strip, but at no point do I feel like the money was returned to me in value.  The room was small... Very small... And many of the fixtures, paneling,  and compliments were of cheap or poor quality.  It felt like the room was put together in a rushed way and there were several minor flaws.The service was horrible.  I would assume that this far after opening, the hotel would have worked out it's kinks.  I get that it is tough to create an experience for guests but at this point, a premium hotel needs to have their ducks in a row.  The front desk made promises at checkin that were made good, uniformed staff ranged from rude to sullen and checkout didn't work at all, let alone the horribly disorganized way they store and retrieve bags.This would be a four or five star place if I had paid a price similar to the Luxor or Mandalay Bay or Treasure Island or New York New York, but for good money, Ii expect better, period.Next time, i will accept nothing less than the Wynn.
3	It is modern hotel, but nothing else. Yes it looks great outside, but its so overpriced. I've now stayed at most of the hotels in Vegas, so I have a pretty good sense of what a nice hotel is. Read other reviews and make your choice if you want to stay in Area hotel Las Vegas. Only 3 stars from me!
5	I was pretty skeptical after I read the reviews about how the service is crappy I stayed 5/13-5/16....but to my surprise it was the absolute opposite. I loved how the room had a big flat screen and the remote control to just about everything! It turned off/on all the lights it opened/closed the shutters and worked the TV. The staff was extra nice and always asked if we had any suggestions for improvement. The night life in the hotel is great, Haze is a pretty nice place and the Gold lounge had cheaper drinks and free before 2am. The bed was extremely comfy and the pillows were off the hook. I'm definitely staying here again!
5	I stayed here for a couple of nights this weekend (May 14-15)I was more than a little concerned about the check-in because of the bad reviews...but not a problem at all, even with a Friday night arrival. No lines. nothing.I had walked through the hotel once before and thought it huge- but after staying there I don't even think that any longer-The room was tops, the pool area was a great place to spend the day, not an after thought spot like some hotels- great breakfasts at Vettra and the colors and decor of the entire place was terrific- I liked that it wasn't cheap and honky tonk like some of the other hotels on the strip.
4	Had a corner suite.  Very excited to try this new hotel as per the hype and adverts it looks quite accommodating, however it was maybe a bit over hyped.  Everything looks great, but it is Vegas so there's another "great" hotel right down the way.I don't see the cost justified by any of the specific amenities, however it was still well above average.I suggest trying it out once at least.
5	5 stars!ARIA is the TRUTH! I was up there for the MAYWEATHER vs MOSLEY fight weekend and it was CRACKLACKIN. It was like 85 to even 90% young hip and trendy attractive people in the lobby not old out of placed never been to vegas types that often fill up vegas.It lived up to the hype being very innovative in design and technology.I had no problems with my room and all the pimp features.The buffet and dining was great! I will def stay here again next time I roll to 702.
4	Now is the time to visit Aria.  While occupancy rates in hotels are lower than ever, these rooms are in the bargain basement, waiting to be scooped up by budget-watchers like me!$129/night got me a deluxe room (king bed, non-smoking and clean) with a huge bathroom, nice toiletries, a beautiful TV, a decent west LV and mountain view, and a $100 resort credit, which bought 3 great meals for me.  The room was comfortable, the linens soft, and the ability to control the room from either the TV remote or the touch-screen remote at bed side made for a lazy evenings and effective mornings.  I programmed the curtains to open, the lights to come on, and the TV to show re-runs of Roxanne every morning to make sure I'd jump out of bed!Parking was much better than expected.  With such a huge development, I figured that I'd have to walk 3 or 4 nautical miles to reach my room.  However, I typically parked on the walkway floor and was in my room 10 minutes after parking.  The fact that most parking spots are greatly spaced out seemed wasteful, but then again, it made for worry-free, comfortable parking.I will stay here again so long as the rates don't force a refi of my mortgage.
4	Best thing about Aria is that it doesn't stink like cigarettes all over the damn place. You walk in and take a deep breath in and........ahhhhh.......it smells like goddamn flowers!!! All over the place. Not just in the non smoking areas, but in the gaming area, eating area, check in.....all over. Its a very modern/trendy type of a hotel. It's definitely not a gaudy Vegas style place. Everything is done in dark woods, and theres interesting lighting and sculptures all over. It doesn't get the whole 5 stars for me just because it is somewhat difficult to get to. Since its "on the strip" but not really because it's actually part of a bunch of other new buildings and hotels all next to each other. The room is all controlled by remote and high tech. Very impressive. A good hotel if you get comps, otherwise I wouldn't want to spend my whole wad just to stay there.
1	OK fellow yelpers. I can now declare myself an Aria expert. Defying gravity and common sense I returned to the Aria last week. I guess I'm real slow, don't even follow my own advice. My excuse is that for $99, poker room rate, it's a deal. Truth is I can get the same $99 @ Bellagio. My wife was with me this time so it's a different trip. Much more civilized, much less poker. Anyway, my wife loves the room. As told earlier it is is really nice. Technology a bit annoying as lights and TV and music go off and on ostensibly on their own, but that's OK, kind of cute. However, do not ask any question of any employee. You will get the wrong answer to the simplest question. My wife asks . how late is the concierge open?, is told 24 hours a day. Turns out they close @ 9PM. tried to buy a bathrobe, got three different prices and  3 different ways i on how to do so. Order things from housekeeping; they send the wrong things. Charge $9 for chocolate proffered @ turndown, and on ad infinitum. The place has absolutely no management, is totally disorganized and would be funny if it wasn't so sad. Please remind me not to go again.
2	Don't stay here!  I was so excited to stay at the newest hotel/casino on the Strip, but Aria was a MAJOR disappointment. I don't mean to be redundant, but service at Aria is NONEXISTENT!!! Hate to do it, but I'm going to have to rant a little here.... When we pulled up to Valet, no one was there.  No one offered to help us with our luggage.  The registration line was super long and the associates were incredibly slow.  Even worse, when we checked-in, we were told that they only had "smoking optional" rooms available, even tho we requested a non-smoking room [nevermind the fact that the person next to us was given a non-smoking room immediately AFTER we were told there were none].  Anyways, I don't like to be difficult, so we took the smoking room after being told that they were well ventilated.  We get to the room, and of course, it stinks like an ashtray. We called front desk, only to be told that we'd have to return registration to switch rooms.  We returned to the front desk three more times and each time we were told that there were still none available.  Needless to say, we were stuck in the stinky room the rest of the weekend.  In the casino, I approached two employees behind a counter to ask for directions.  They were chatting away and waited minutes before having the courtesy to look up at me.  And when they finally did, they gave me the "why are you bugging us" look.  Unbelieveable! The exterior of the building is contemporary and pretty, but the decor of the casino and hotel is modern but kinda gloomy -- lots of brown and dark colors. I wasn't a big fan. The rooms are nice and modern, but are on the small side.  The fancy-all-in-one remote that controls everything from the lighting, music, TV, curtains, etc. is a cool concept but reeeeeally slow.  The layout of the room  is awkward. There are so many nicer hotels on the Strip that actually understand what customer service is.  This was definitely my first and last stay at Aria.
5	PIMP.  Check in and waiting for car valet need to be improved on.  But PIMP.
2	I live in Vegas and I went there to explore...I think it looks rather dull inside, I like color and there is no color.It's basically silver, gold, black. I guess people might say it's modern, fancy, umm maybe classy. I just think dull, a total downer!!!It's also too dark , I started wondering if any of the lights worked.I didn't stay there so I'm not commenting on the rooms or service, just the decor...I'm always excited for new hotels to open up in Vegas as it brings jobs and tourists but I thought they could have done better...
1	With a name like Aria, you image wide open spaces filled with natural light, sweetly smelling fresh air, and a sharp, sophisticated air of luxury. To this end, the Aria is a masterpiece. The building is a glass-encased wonder, with the casino and corridors open to the heavens, allowing the gorgeous Nevada sun to light the space. The natural light truly makes a difference compared to the other casinos with their harsher ambiance. The casino smells good! Not sure what they do to combat the smoke, but it is working, and the Aria smells lovely. The building is LEED certified Gold, and the designer went a long way to include unique design elements that open up the space and keep your stay a little bit greener. There are over 4,000 rooms in the Aria Resort, so be careful not to lose yourself or your party. Each room has a panoramic floor-to-ceiling window that provides lovely views of the mountains or the Vegas skyline. The remote controls everything from the lights to the curtains, all from the plush comfort of the bed. Ultimate comfort. The bathroom is a tad small, especially for sharing, but overall the rooms are lovely.With all of its luxury and beauty, you expect to be treated like royalty. Or at least as well as the King's 2nd cousin twice removed. Instead, you might as well be Vegas peasantry, begging at the door of the palace. Several others have also commented that their reservations were not what they requested. We reserved 2 double-queen rooms, non-smoking. We received 2 King rooms, smoking. Apparently a 'reservation is only a request and is never guaranteed.' Well fine, but please do not charge my credit card 2 weeks in advance if you cannot guarantee me my room. And please do not treat my party as if we are making outlandish claims - you made an error, please correct it. They offered us a 3rd king room for only the first night, which was not good enough. They refunded the rooms, and we moved next door to the Monte Carlo. Although the rooms were not as nice, we were treated very well. The valet situation at the Aria is a little chaotic, but they valets are very friendly. Thank you to Nicholas for all of your help! The Aria is connected right to City Center, which makes for a great Vegas strip location close to delicious restaurants and shopping. There is a free art museum attached, and a supposedly beautiful pool, Liquid Pool Lounge, only for adults. Unfortunately I did not get to experience either. I would try to stay at the Aria Resort again, hoping for better service and a 5-start experience.
4	OK, full disclosure: I'd NEVER pay the freight for Aria. I was there on a comped stay. Just saying you might want to know that while you read the review.The Place: Location is utterly perfect, next to Bellagio, across the Strip from Planet Hollywood, close to everything else. City Center is a flat-out beautiful space. Ostentatiously spacious with soaring ceilings, gorgeous floors and lots of other fine fixtures in between. Art, art, art everywhere, some of it really good.The Hotel: We arrived at 5 pm on Saturday and did not have to wait in line to check in. At a couple other times during our stay, there were some lines at check-in/out, most noticably at about 11:30 on Tuesday morning.  The elevators are separated into banks for the differrent floor levels, which makes the rides quicker. Never waited for an elevator. The room was spacious, well-appointed, clean (it better be for a 6-month-old hotel). One complaint: Someone on the staff had obviously used the room to smoke pot in just prior to our arrival. Bedspread sat on, hand towel used, wrapper from a spray-can of air freshener in the trash. Front desk offered to move us, but the view was so nice, we stayed. The remote-controlled-everything was fun after a bit of figuring out. Very nice bathroom with separate WC and walk-through shower to the soaking tub. Excellent room overall.The Casino: Well-designed, spacious, plenty of tables for everything (I hate slot machines, but there were a million). $10 limits during the day, up to $15 at night. Friendly dealers. Not as smoky as most. The Restaurants: Skip the buffet. As noted above, I got it free, but still not very good, except for the desserts. Best bet is the Jean Paul Patisserie--great sandwiches and sweets.The Pool: Plenty of space, three big pools and three big hot tubs. Am I still a little kid or is it too much to ask for water somewhere in one of those pools that is more than 3.5 ft. deep? There were lifeguards.The Staff: All very polite and competent, just not very "friendly."Bottom line: I'd go there again and again if it was free every time.
5	Bomb... So tight it was ridiculous. I have been telling all my friends to stay here when they come to Vegas! The room was high tech and although took a min to figure out how everything worked it was well worth it. The casino and lobby is nice and modern. Not modern plain but modern bold. There is no better place to stay in Vegas for a regular room.
3	Aria is a very "sexy" hotel - it's super high class, super clean, but also super "corporate." When you walk around, it's more like a mall than anything. The guest elevators are very inconvenient (not surprised), and it's not too close to any of the best clubs either. The rooms are very technologically advanced, but they're nothing special. I prefer to stay at the Wynn or Venetian. There are buttons all over the room to turn on the lights, close the blinds, etc. The best thing is that they have an audio jack for you to plug in your music - you can blast music all night long in those rooms.
2	It was my gf's birthday and we had plans to celebrate it in Las Vegas. She wanted to stay in one of the new hotels that her friends were going to stay in so they can hang out more frequent over the period of our stay. Staying in a new hotel can have it's perks and can also be totally opposite. Since it is new there can be many different types of promotions that they hotel will allow you to take advantage and on the other hand can be very pricey. As we arrived to the hotel, I must say that it was very confusing to find the actual  driveway for this place. Since the hotel is located in the center of a plaza of hotels (and a shopping mall) coordinating (without acting reckless at least once) to get into the parking garage for the proper hotel was a little difficult. Since I am a current candidate of a temporary handicap placard I wanted to park as close as I could to minimize the walking distance. We found out that parking on level 1 did not leave you on the casino floor. I was also confused about the parking spaces as well. Why are there car length spaces in between each actual sparking space?Upon arrival, our check in time was at 3pm. We had arrived on time and went directly to the front desk to check in. While walking from the parking lot to the front desk we have noticed the artsy architecture and admired the different types through out the inside and outside portions of the casino. The front desk did not have a specific one single line waiting for the next available representative but had many lines. This made the wait time a little more short so that was great. When it was my turn to talk to a rep, I presented my confirmation number along with the CC and ID. I was told that the only room available was going to be with one king bed. Since I had requested 2 queens over the internet that is what we wanted. I was told that I would have to come back and check in at a later time but it was not guaranteed. 30mins later I came back to talk to a different person. I almost was fed up from the wait that I was going to accept a smoking room just to see if there was an opening for a room with 2 queen beds. The rep mentioned that my previous request was put on hold and when the next available room opened I would be the first to claim it. I was a little content about that information so I didnt ask about the smoking room. The person at the front desk asked for my cell number so they can contact me when the room was ready. An hour passed by and no call. My gf started to have a headache and really wanted to lay in bed of our rooms when we arrived but it didn't happen. I went back to the front desk to find out again if the room was ready. Now I don't know if it is me or not but most of the hotels will give a coupon book to use during your stay at their hotel. We didn't get anything during our stay at Aria. Not that I am being greedy but I felt that there should have been something.So about a little over an hour has passed by, we finally got our room...The room: was very nice, everything was controlled by the main controller (which looked like a picture frame). It had a touch screen interface and controlled the curtains, tv, all the lighting (even in the bathroom), and powered everything off all at the same time. Our view overlooked the front drive way of the City Center and was nice during the evenings. Too bad our window had a lot of dried water marks everywhere. After settling in we called our friends that stayed in the hotel to come down and enjoy some champagne that was brought from room service (thanks to Leslie how surprised us with a nice gift). We chatted about our already generated bad experiences and they had to share theirs as well. Their bad experience was that they found a pubic hair in their bed sheets. As far as our room goes, it was a bit dusty but I didn't want to complain. The service from the staff of the hotel was not up to our standard and to be totally honest, the house keeping staff were probably was most attentive even if they were not around as frequent as needed. I personally do not care to return to this hotel to gamble, eat, or stay during my next trip to Vegas.One last comment before I end this review. Something that makes Aria inconvenient was, since it was in a plaza style setting there was a long driveway to get to the main area. This also brought some inconvenience to accessing the strip by foot. There around some great casinos in the vicinity to explore but it was difficult to just walk out and visit. Of course there is a free tram that took you to Belagio (I think) but having the aspect of walking outside of your hotel/casino and just walking to the next casino was somewhat out of the question.
2	What a supreme disappointment.  I've looked forward to staying here since hearing about the construction of the massive city center.  This hotel is huge by even vegas standards, however the staff is just awful.  My room would not go below 75 degrees at any point in the day, had to complain multiple times to get anything done.  The windows aren't clean, when you look out from your premium city view room and see dusty windows and bugs dead it really takes away from the experienceThe pools are nice, the casino is standard vegas.  The line to check in is massive and very inefficient.  They also get charges mixed up, obvious that they cut costs on staff training.  Amazing marketing on the place, makes you think its on the caliber of the Wynn but probably somewhere around the range of the mirage or PH in reality.
3	Giant, giant, giant.  I read that it is over 4,000 rooms.  It was all very new and nice and I am not sure what they could have done to be aweinspiring but other than the sheer size, I didn't think it was awe-inspiring.  A big drawback is that it is dark everywhere and so even though it is new and nice it feels dark and gloomy and almost dirty in some places ont eh main floor because of the darkness.The service wasn't great.  We tried to call the front desk one morning for something at around 7am and there was no answer.  We waited a few minutes and tried again and still no answer.  No message saying they were busy just a couple minutes of letting the phone ring with no answer.  I am not sure how they could have good service with so many rooms but maybe it should be easier with so many rooms because they would have an effiency of scale.  Who knows?The rooms are really nice and well done.  The technology is impressive in each room but also a little clumsy to use and we found ourselves going back to the regular light switch, regular TV remote and regular AC thing on the wall instead of trying to use their all in one box.I would be fine staying there again but it probably wouldn't be my first choice but as I said, it is big and new and nice.
5	Out of the whole City Center area, this casino/bar/lobby design was my fav.!  Loved the modern, slick design.  The dealers at the BJ tables were cool too, but do not give BJ Switch the time of day!!!  It sounded cool but dealer pushes with a 22???  Hell no!!!  Lame game!!!  The chocolate shop chocolate, spinning flowers display was cool too!
5	I LOVE the Aria!!!!!I was pretty skeptical after I booked this place, due to the other reviews, however I had no problems here.  The customer service was AMAZING, everyone was so friendly and helpful!!The hotel is beautiful, not cheesy Vegas style, and smelled so nice and clean, at first I wondered if it was smoke-free--it's not but they do a terrific job ventilating:)The bars and restaurants are good as well--The Union was a little over-priced and the service odd, but there are some cute boys working there, so whatevs....And on to that topic...the place was literally crawling with hot business men types, super clean cut and good-looking, probably since its a convention center as well, so this was probably the first thing I noticed...I will check it out in a couple of weeks to see if thats the norm.Haze was just another "club" scene, not really my cup of tea but if your into that cheesy clubby Ed Hardy wearing douchbag scene than you might like it, or if you're looking for a one-night-stand with a shirtless spraytanned d-bag then there you go:) haThe Spa was beautiful and the gym was over the top amazing, you have to pay $30 to use it though, probably since it cost them like a gazillion dollars to put in, but it's really amazing and again..hot guys dripping from the walls here:)So I really enjoyed my stay here, I could live there actually and I can't wait to go back for more Aria!!!
4	Let me start by saying that I'm not a gambler.  I'm not into giant buffets.  I'm not into smoke-filled casinos.  I'm not into Elvis impersonators.  So, the fact that I could have enjoyed my recent stay in Vegas at all is a testament to Aria.  It's one classy, non-Vegas, well-designed, stunning place:  a city of steel and glass.  If you want Vegas cheese, go elsewhere.  If you want a place with a little class and fewer drunks, I would recommend staying at Aria.  My suite was a floor-to-ceiling, wall-to-wall glass, apartment-sized pad with everything electrified.  Wake up to your curtains automatically opening throughout the room.  Enjoy your well-equipped bathroom and your Toto Washlet.  Then make your way downstairs to one of their elegant dining spaces.  I wish I had more time to have shopped at Viceroy.  I managed to be actually inspired by the men's clothing they had.  In 15 minutes I nabbed a pair of John Varvatos pants at 65% off, and got them hemmed for pick up later that night.  Now that's Vegas!In addition, the conference facilities were clean, generous, and well-equipped.  Nothing too elaborate, but everything you would want for a large-scale conference or meeting.My only complaints, which are small, are:- The bathroom sink faucets splash back at any water level.  Did no one on the design team actually notice (or get soaked by) this design flaw?  - No in-room coffee maker...even in a suite?  Really?!- The Aria limo picking me up at the airport was an hour and 15 minutes late.  However, they made up for it with a beautiful cheese and wine service in my room.If I find myself going to Vegas again, this will be my stop.
3	I like that Las Vegas is getting away from the gaudiness but Aria is a little too stark for me.  I didn't stay here so I'm just going by the public access areas.  It's a mish mash of modern elements and just didn't flow well for me.  Those tacky water spouts and ice thing-ees just looked cheap.  The shopping mall looked unfinished, maybe it is, but I didn't care for it.  I'll have to check out Eve and Todd English's Pub next time though.
3	Hmmmmm a lot of cash for what? I got stuck in my bathroom, thanks to a janky lock. Our faulty electronic gadgets didn't work and all of your glitz and glamour where was it?  Casino was nice. Bed was comfy but all and the flash was on the outside but inside? I wasn't convince.  Pool and its $13 drinks ok? Buffet not bad. Maybe i need to revisit you.
1	ARIA is the worst hotel I have ever been to in Las Vegas! I had my worst hotel experience ever there. I was there for 4 days of hell. As an athlete I am a seasoned traveler. In my 4 days at ARIA my toilet broke, I didnt get housekeeping services for 2 of the 4 days, I "lost" $800 dollars in the Valet area, none of the multimedia items in room worked, the curtains didnt work half the time, I was on hold with the front desk for 7 HOURS one time and the hotel is not even sound proof. I heard people having sex on both sides of me twice during my stay. Aria...you suck!
4	I LOVE THIS HOTEL! It's beautiful, spacious and filled with lots of large windows so the natural light comes in. It smells really good in there too esp in the lobby area. There are many great restaurants in the hotel especially the Jean Philippe Patisserie. YUM!!! Haze nightclub was a lot of fun too. The rooms are clean, spacious and high tech. The tubs are in the shower area which was interesting and different. All of the hotel staff was super sweet and nice to us as well as very helpful. Everyone from the maids to the bell man went out of their way to accommodate us. I will definitely be back in this hotel next time I'm in Vegas... which is 3-4 more times this summer haha!
3	Only stayed at the rooms here (twice) and they're a little bit on the small side. However, everything is so high tech, they have these remote control panels that control everything from the blinds, lights, tv, music. It's pretty nifty. The bathroom is pretty nice except there really isn't a lot of counter space to work with, ladies need counter space! I did like how the bathtub is enclosed in the shower area so you don't get water all over the floor.The casino itself is rather dark and doesn't really have a fun atmosphere. However, it looks beautiful. The ceilings are a touch on the low side which as made the casino smell like smoke, even though it is fairly new. Also Aria feels far from everything, its a bit of a hike to get to other casino's, nightclubs, etc. Also the layout of the hotel is a bit confusing. The hallways split in so many directions and the pool is a long hike from your room.
1	i have stayed at mandalay bay, the venetian, caesars palace, ballys,  bellagio, even the rio! maybe even more vegas hotels but i have never had a hotel or motel experience that has been as off putting as this place.the day before check in, i called to confirm our reservation of non smoking 2 queen bed and the reservation staff said that was correct and made no mention of no guarantees.  We checked in the next day  and got a king bed with a roll away.  This is probably the most shocking part of this review.  I checked the sheets and found not only hair but stains that resembled bodily fluids and it wasn't just a stain- it was the real thing. the sheets had not even been changed but the bed just re-made.  I also found hair in the shower. Secondary to that the furniture was dusty and the carpet looked like it needed to be vacuumed.  i called house keeping and they came to change the sheets and were very apologetic and very nice.i called the front desk to let them know what was going on but no exageration ,was on hold for 15 minutes before an a front desk staff was available.  The front desk staff was told what had happened and she said that a queen room was now available if we wanted.  i told her i wasn't sure because the other guest in my room had already left for the evening and i didn't know if she wanted to pack her stuff up and move.  In response she said, your refusing a queen bed and thats what you wanted?  i asked to speak with management and they said they could not speak with me now but would call me back.  6 hours later still no call...Anyways, there's more but i hope  you're all getting the idea of what type of experience we had at the Aria.  I don't think i would ever stay at this hotel again unless they offered me something special to give it another chance and even then i'm a bit hesitant.  To be fair, some of the staff were very professional but some were just awful.  The pastries on the casino floor were really yummy especially the chocolate croissants.  They comped our room and gave us extra room service credit in the end because we practically forced them to address our problems but truly it wasn't enough to offset our yucky experience.
1	Oh god, where to begin...Everyone else here has been complaining about the room reservation system. It's utterly stupid. They don't guarantee you getting 2 queens if you ask for them, even though we made reservations over a month ago. They also treat you like shit when you try to express your dissatisfaction with THEIR utter lack of service. We were unable to reach the front desk with our phones for 3 entire days. We got fed up with being on hold for over 30 minutes each time so we just went downstairs to (attempt to) get some service. This place is totally uninspired and the service was just atrocious. I wish I stayed at Planet Hollywood instead, they actually treat you like they want you there.
5	This review is for the casino, and I have to say: WOW!     I have seriously never ever been anywhere close to being as impressed with the design alone of any place in Vegas as I was with the architecture and design of this place.  I can honestly say that It actually caught me off-guard a little bit.  Even the fragrance of the place was the most inviting casino fragrance that I've encountered anywhere in Vegas (it smelled like Vanilla tic-tacs to me, no doubt carefully chosen.)Normally, in Vegas, even in places where they strive for "opulence" (e.g., Wynn properties, Palazzo, etc.), I'm normally in constant motion, not really impressed, and just pretty much running on adrenaline through the places on my way to popular hot spots or the tables on the properties. This is the first property in Vegas where I was actually just like, "WHOA!" and had to just chill for a bit and actually take a relatively  good look and check out the place.The visual design of this place is *so* modern, with so much glass, abstract textures and abstract artwork, that it truly looks like a well-planned Sci-Fi theme.   After checking out the property, I actually thought that "Aria" (pronounced "AW-ree-uh") was a play off of the "Area 51" of sci-fi-and-UFO-related pop-culture fame,  due to the futuristic sci-fi mood that I saw all over in the design details (even the restroom stall doors had an abstract alien-looking texture).   I mentioned this to a table games dealer who didn't know of the theme being "sci-fi" specifically, but he totally agreed when I mentioned that that the name "Aria" really seems like a play off of "Area 51".   Apparently Aria means "air" in Italian, but I am *seriously* wondering if this name choice was intended to be a clever double entendre (It IS whether they mean it or not!)  - either way, A+ to MGM Mirage corporation and the architecture firm who designed this place -  I think it definitely raises the bar for Sands, Wynn, etc.!!!!    Aside from the impressive visuals, the staff were friendly and welcoming.
3	This hotel had more of a calm, earthy feel rather than the usual glamorous bling-blingin' Vegas vibe.  Dim lighting with neutral tones.  I would describe is as simple, sophisticated elegance.  I expected more, but the place is still nice nonetheless and would definitely stay here again.  (But not on Memorial weekend because it was crazy busy and the employees sorta had this you're-SOL-because-YOU-chose-to-come-this-weekend attitude when they couldn't accommodate some of our requests.)Beds are super comfy.  Great to jump on!  Feels like floating.  And then you sink into fluffiness heaven for some peaceful slumber.  Zzzz...Great location by center strip and one of the newest hotels in the city center.  The mall next to it has trams that will take you to the Bellagio and Monte Carlo.  The mall also has a weird layout that makes you walk all the way around to get to the hotel because it doesn't connect in a full circle.  But I guess it helps burn a few extra calories walking after gorging all weekend at the buffets so I'm not complaining.
4	great location right on the strip you can easily get to other hotels via the tram. Yes, the check in on a Sat night at 10 pm still took a while and they could not accomadate my original request but we got set up in a room with a view of the strip-sweet!Yea-new, clean, modern hotelseveral food options, we never had to wait in line at any of the restaurants we visitedfriendly tables and cocktail serversnice, modern rooms, yes the automatic settings are a little weird and we never got the hang of programming the room but at least we never had to get out of bed to turn off lights or close the drapes.most comfy beds ever!!! My friends bought the pillows for a steal!BlahsVERY VERY young clientle....the pool area was more like MTV spring break 1998, maybe because we stayed on a holiday weekend, but there are three pools all about 3.5 feet deep so I thought I was kind of weird to see ppl just standing in the water doing nothingthis hotel is the opposite of Bellagio and Wynn-none of that in-your-face oppulence, rather clean simple lines and lots of dark wood tonesWould stay here again with a group of girls!
3	My friends and I were extremely excited to stay at the new Aria hotel. As soon as we dropped our car off with the valet we were hit with this unique sweet scent. Can you believe it the hotel has a signature scent pumping through the exterior and interior of the hotel? It was very refreshing to be in Vegas and not only smell cigarette smoke. Kudos to Aria for being on the cutting edge of this new trend in the hospitality industry. The hotel room was a standard Vegas room, but was above average in square feet., the double sinks in the guest room made a girls trip to Vegas more productive when getting ready to go out. The universal remote that controlled the curtains, TV, Lights and music was VERY cool... yet very frustrating at the same time. It took a little while to get used to the whole system. The hotel has a variety of dining options and is in an okay location on the strip. The staff was friendly and the views from the hallway were great, especially at night. I would definitely consider staying at Aria on my next visit.
2	Absolutely horrible experience. We were coming for my 30th birthday right after a tragic death in the family and we really needed to get away and enjoy the time. We booked 3 rooms and ALL of the rooms had problems from the moment we walked in. None of our remotes worked the majority of the 5 night stay. The buffet's hours changed at a moments notice, the concierge Danielle was extremely rude. When the buffet closed early we asked where else we could go and we got "I don't know somewhere on the strip". Wow after your hotel's buffet closed 2 hours early on a whim, thats the answer you give? How nice. We then went to Cafe Vettro and it took us 47 minutes to get our food after we ordered it. Sadly they were not busy, apparently our server was though. Lastly on my birthday we got all dressed up to go to Gold Lounge and my step-dad was wearing a sketchers dress up shoe but it had laces (thats all he brought) and the bouncer, after letting in a guy with jeans & air force ones on, said we would not be allowed in. So thanks Aria, for making my birthday absolutely horrible.
4	So the new hip thing in every city is to have a city center smack dab in the middle of area that isn't downtown but make it feel and look like downtown and charge ridiculous prices. Well like everything else in life Vegas has to do it 10x bigger and more extravagant. Aria is like Vegas' version of a city center except they bring a brand new, very modern look.
4	I have to say Aria, just room-wise was quite amazing. I'm a very frequent vegas-goer, but this hotel was NICCCCCCCEEEEE! The problem maybe that everything inside, food-wise is pretty expensive. The room itself had comfortable beds, a great view where I was 21st floor. The service was always lovely even at check-in they tried making me feel very comfortable. It was fast and easy with no hassles like I've had at other hotels. Their sports book is filled with lovely TV's just about everywhere. It will definitely a place that I would like to go back to. I also attended Haze during my stay, which I'd have to say wasn't all too special. It was just a regular club to me, nothing that I'd die to back to again. DJ was ok, drinks were expensive...same as any other club I suppose. 4 drinks we ended up dropping 80$ with tip, if that gives u a rough estimate.Again back to hotel aesthetics, it was nice, a very contemporary and modern vibe. I liked Aria, and hope you do too.
1	The WORST service I've ever experienced at a hotel.   We stayed at the Aria on a normal weekend, booked a double bed and checked in at 5pm on a Friday and they said that they were all out of doubles so gave us one King and they were going to provide us with a roll away bed.  The lady at the counter assured us that the roll away had a full mattress and was as comfortable as any bed and that they were going to send it up right away.    Not only was the bed FAR from being like any regular bed, the mattress itself was probably about 1/3 as thick as any regular mattress!  Uncomfortable indeed!  Not only that, we didn't get the bed when we got into our room after we checked in, we got it after midnight after 3 follow up calls and 10 minutes spent on hold for each call!   I'm taking my business back to Wynn and Palazzo.I know I sound like I'm bitching just from one bad experience but we met 5 other parties at the pool and they were all stuck in King bed rooms as well.Since we were guests at the hotel, we asked to be put on the guest list for  Haze, their club. We were told that it was taken care of but when we arrived at the club, guess what, we weren't on the guest list.  We ended up getting in for free and not waiting in line only because we were a group of girls.
2	My boyfriend and I got a free room from this place because he always gets free offers for different hotels. I was really excited about going to vegas because I usually dont like to go, but I thought new hotel woohooo!! It wasn't as woohoo as I expected :/ There was definitely not enough people at the front desk to check people in, we waited for about 20 minutes. The room was nice but it had some glitches like the one remote to work everything didn't really work everything. Opening the blinds was delayed and it turned on the wrong lights. However it was really cool that his name was on everything. The decor of the place wasn't as fancy as I had hoped either. It was very abstract, which I usually enjoy, but this was not too eye catching or exciting. Don't even get me started on the service. We got lunch the next day at one of the restaurants and the service was horrible. It took 3 different servers to finally  bring us our drinks, and they didn't even bring a cold glass for a beer. We asked for lemons twice and never got them. Then our original server disappeared and we ended with a new server. At one point we thought to ourselves we were just looking for things to talk ish about the hotel. The thing that blew me over the edge is that we went to the spa and I went into the bathroom and it was sooooo uncomfortably hot in the bathroom, it was disgusting.To say the least I will not stay here again unless it is free again.
3	I guess I would give Aria 3.5 stars if I could. I came here for my birthday with a large party for a weekend. I had a wonderful experience, although I think alot of my friends might have a different opinion. It took me all of 5 minutes to check in, but for some of my friends it took as much as an hour. (We checked in at the same time...) I couldn't understand why, but FYI Aria, when the lines are long, the solution is not to close up shop. You should open up more lines. I had chocolate covered dipped strawberries and macaroons sent to my room, complimentary from the hotel, for my birthday! That was a great gift, thank you! I have to say, the touch remote that controls all of the functions in the room is pretty cool, but only after you figure out how to use it. It sucks when you try to turn on lights, but instead cue all of the curtains to close and all the lights to turn down. Haha. I would HIGHLY recommend  that those who are NOT TECH SAVVY do not stay here. IT WILL DRIVE YOU MAD!! The pool was nice. It's nothing special, but I have to say...almost every other chaise lounge has an umbrella which is fabulous. I was planning on getting a cabana for all of my friends one of the days, but didn't because I didn't think it was hot enough. Good thing I didn't. I would have wasted my money because of all of the wind, cold temp, and the umbrellas! The cafe downstairs (Jean Philippe Patisserie) is pretty good. Their spicy chicken panini is pretty tasty. We ate this both on Saturday and Sunday  for a quick bite. Service was pretty slow all weekend for everything. I couldn't get through even to the front desk Sunday afternoon, so I was forced to go downstairs. (For some reason I couldn't express check out of the hotel through the tv.) I found out through concierge that my touch pad in my room was missing like 100 service buttons. I guess that's what happens when you have too much technology in 1 machine. Haha. So I had to express checkout the old school way (filling out a form and dropping it off in the box). There was NO WAY in hell I was going to wait in line to physically check out. I found out that the weekend I went was a sold out weekend for the hotel. This explained ALOT. The hotel is probably not as bad on a slower time...but it wasn't HORRIBLE as I'd imagine it to be (based on the reviews here..)I won money gambling, always had a drink in my hand, ate some good food, and had a wonderful time with my friends. I'm not going to complain too much...!! If I get pretty good rates in the future, I'll def be back!
4	First Impression was whooo...lots of girls with their butts hanging out.. It was a YOUNG crowd and I don't consider myself an old hag, it was just 21 yrs olds everywhere. Never the less, it's NICE, New, Modern, Sleek, not smokey but smells like Vanilla (beware-sort of strange) The rooms are impressive, 2 side closets and 3 drawers for your clothing, nice bathroom with a good size tub and shower, large desk, flat screen TV and HUGE COMFY bed...ohhh we loved the pillows SO much-we bought two. (Only $20/queen size) Amazing Steal! If you're into high tech things, this is your joint. Took me a whole day to figure it out, but by day two and being told by our friends I was able to control the TV, Music, Curtain, Sheers, Alarm, Service all by a touch pad, sort of like an iphone. Pretty cool. Lots of pools, but almost impossible to get a chair, the bar outside is slow, I had to stand in line for 40 mins to get 2 drinks-NEVER AGAIN!. If you want a central location and modern space I suggest the Aria.
3	***Aria is very generic, but the rooms (especially the bigger ones) are comfortable and very nice; it also has a good location, but you really have to walk to get to The Strip***Aria is one of the new very tall hotels at City Center in Las Vegas.  Here is a rundown on the pros and cons (a pleasant experience overall).Pros:--Nice rooms.  Contemporary, clean and comfortable.--Location.  City Center is near a lot of the action (with casinos like Caesars and Bellagio closeby).--Lots of places to eat in the hotel.--Because of its newness, the smoke smell is less strong.  Still, I feel Bellagio and Wynn are better at clearing out the smoke.--A different option.  Not as "theme-like" as other casinos.  This could be a pro or con depending on how you feel about those "theme-like" casinos, but at least it provides an option for those who are looking for something else.--The interior/decor of the hotel/casino (like the rooms) are modern and sleek.--The exterior is pleasant to look at and all glass (very similar to the Ritz Carlton and JW Marriott at LA Live).Cons:--While Aria is located on the Strip, it is a little bit of a walk to get down to the sidewalk to visit other casinos.  I like walking in Vegas, but this may be a con if you are not wearing comfortable shoes (or need to get somewhere quick by foot).--The rooms are small.--I think their rates are a little higher than other serviceable hotels nearby.--I only tried one food place (Cafe Vettro) and it was not good.--While this place is a different option, the lack of a theme or style gives the hotel kind of a too simple feel.  Once again, good or bad depending on your perspective.I haven't stayed at many hotels in Vegas so it is hard for me to rank Aria, but my experience at Aria was pleasant overall.  Since Aria is near a lot of casinos I like, I would come back, but I would do so only if I got a good deal.Note: They have little packaged accessories (such as an iPod auxiliary cable and charger) next to nuts and candies on the counter.  These are obviously things (expensive things) you can buy (like the minibar).  The items are weight sensored so if you pick one of them up, the hotel automatically charges your room.  So you lift it, you bought it.They will take it off your credit card if you picked it up to just get a better look.Trivia: Aria was featured on a recent episode of ABC's The Bachelorette.
4	Stayed here sun/mon nights.  Was surprised at how busy it was!  Our luggage was on a later flight than we were, and Aria made sure it was properly delivered from the airport for us, and then brought up to our room.  The concierge set us up with GREAT seats at 2 different shows, dinner reservations, etc.  The spa services we got were relaxing, and we really enjoyed the whole spa atmosphere.  the decor and zero-scaping of the hotel feels like you are actually in the desert, like, real las vegas, not egypt or italy or somewhere.  The hotel bars made great drinks and all servers were friendlyThe room.  Floor to ceiling windows and large overall size were great.  The bed was AMAZING!  the bathroom was nice too.  The remote.  oh man.  Not inuitive or user friendly.  (no off button for the tv?  we had to reset the ENTIRE ROOM to turn off the tv).  No express check out, as there was a glitch.  Curtains started having a mind of their own.  And we are pretty tech savy people!  oh well.We really felt relaxed here, and despite the crazy remote, we will definitly be back!
5	WOW. I cannot wait to stay here again during my next Vegas trip. The architecture, modern art, and decor are definitely feasts for the eyes. While site seeing and picture taking, I felt as if I were standing in the middle of some futuristic city in an anime movie. I stayed here for one night on a Monday, and the price was reasonable for the room i was in. I stayed on the 50th floor, and I swear I could see the whole state of Nevada. The room was amazing and well furbished, the bed was really just one large, overstuffed pillow, and there was a remote that controlled everything in the room, from the TV to the light in the bathroom. I also loved the brown earth tones, chrome accents, and lounge chairs near the gigantic window, but be ware sitting near a window so high up can cause vertigo. The pool area is large and contains multiple pools, as well as a completely hidden and sectioned area for the pool club, which is nice because sometimes you just want to sunbathe without listening to European dance music and being hit on by the drunk men in speedos. I highly recommend visiting the blown glass art galley and strolling the mall's designer pathways, you will see what I mean. There is a great ice cream parlor in the very front of the city center, and a sweet desert bar in the casino. I do have to say, the smell of cigarettes was at a minimum, as well as the amount of slutty Vegas girls wearing dresses 2 sizes too small.
4	It's been quite a long time since we've met, Vegas. A long time. Probably over two years. So, when I find myself driving up the 15 North and welcomed by construction on the freeway and construction on Las Vegas Blvd. I knew that some things never really change. There's always construction for something new. It's like a conundrum wrapped in a riddle. Speaking of things that are new.....I stayed at the Aria during a friend's bachelorette weekend. The casino and the hotel was very modern and clean. The hotel is also located right next to the City Center (which consists of high end shop and a Mastros) and is directly on the strip a block away from the Bellagio. The room were easily the nicest Vegas rooms I've stayed in. The decor and furniture in the room and bathroom was contemporary and modern. Pretty much everything in the room is controlled by a remote panel - lights, TV, window curtain, clock, etc.Beautiful use a water. Hear me out, reader. I find that every hotel has a different play on how they use water in the decor of the hotel. And Aria did beautifully with their waterfall wall outside the hotel. I was entranced every time I walked outside toward the valet.I also thought the service was great. Every employee was super helpful! And really polite and understanding. I came with a group of eight other girls, and if we changed our minds about what time we were leaving the room, or forgot to put the service light on, everyone was super understanding. Ok, so if I'm gushing about this hotel, you'll probably wondering why I only gave it four stars. One simple reason......silly you might call it. But, I feel like it's a complete faux pas, to not have a coffee maker in the room. And I'm sure I could have called room service to get a cup of coffee. But I imagine it's you're paying, what you're paying for a room in this amazing hotel, there should be coffee maker. Here's the insult to injury - after getting dressed and packing up to start up my drive back to LA. I went downstairs to find a quick, cup of coffee and was greeted by the Jean Phillipe cafe - where the coffee only line was a 20 minute wait and the cost of a large brewed coffee was $4. That's $2.30 more than a large brewed Starbucks coffee! Had the group not been under a time crunch, we would have tried to locate a cheaper cup of coffee. Overall, with the exception of the coffee faux pas, I would definitely stay and recommend Aria.
5	What a great hotel! This place is so new since it just opened up last December but unfortunately they are going bankrupt. Checking into the hotel took a while because somehow there were so many people trying to get free upgrades or whatever for the rooms. We had already booked the hotel online 99 a night with 75 dollar food credit not to shabby!!! We did the "$20" trick and were upgraded from the 17th floor to the 36 floor!!! Great view of the strip thou from Monte Carlo to Coke Factory and saw a peek of the Paris (the Vdara) was in the way. The hotel is amazing! Just like everyone else ...it's kind of neat that everything is electronic!!! From the lights to the tv to the curtains just a touch screen away! The tv system does lag a little bitThe rooms are very clean and very spacious! They even give you mouth wash and robes to wear! Stocked mini bar and lots of snacks to choose from even thou they are very pricey. They made a mistake for our room and originally gave us a smoking room instead of non-smoking. The front desk lady then comped us another $50 in food credit. Note: YOU CAN ALWAYS COMPLAIN AND GET FREE STUFF
5	A little small, but very good. After a long day of partying until 2 to 3am, I do not mind the smallness of this hotel because it means it's less walking to get to the room. Great innovative hotel. With their remote control for everything, I couldn't help but test out everything. People complain about the remote issues, but it's because you have to learn how to use it, otherwise it gets quite frustrating. The service to me is good, but then again, I didn't have to deal with them too much. I wouldn't know how much it costs per night because I got a package deal with Southwest Airlines, but I'm sure it is in the 100s. Can't wait for next time!
4	Beautiful nightclub (Haze)  Beautiful pool club (Liquid.)   Fun little dancey lounge (Gold Bar.)   Modern yet comfortable and I agree about the signature scent in the air being on point.Some great things about service, some not so great.   Ridiculous wait times for luggage valet all weekend.  However, when I extended my room stay 1 extra night, they upgragded me to top floor.  View from the 54th floor is amazing,  I could have sat and started out the window all night.  Bonus points for unexpected yet much appreciated upgrade!
3	Summary: Pretentious hotel that does not project hospitalityThe hotel markets itself as a luxurious one, but for the common people among us, this hotel brings nothing but disappointments. The impression begins with the 15-minute check-in queue (at 1am !)... Maybe if you order an expensive suite, you get a private check-in service, but the common folks have to queue. On your way from the parking, you pass through the whole casino before you get to the lifts. A 5 minute walk. Some more long hallways, endless walking. Finally, you get to the room. The room is modern, featuring fancy gadgets, but what about your own gadgets? Where's the electrical outlet by the bed?! Oh, forgot your charger at home? Here, there's a set waiting for you on the table, at a scandalous price of $40. Ditto for an Ethernet cable. (Why, didn't you know paying dozens of $$ for a power adapter reaffirms how rich and successful you are?) Need to put something at the fridge? This minibar, it's not for you. It's packed tight with snacks and liquor, all horrendously expensive. Above the minibar, you can find a bag of potato chips, dubbed "Hand-Crafted Signature Potato Chips", carrying the hotel's logo, selling at 4 times the price of a pack of Lay's. So this must be what the rich and famous eat, huh! Need Internet access? Shell out more $$. Somehow much cheaper hotels manage to provide this service for free. And on top of that, with all the "glitz and glamour", it didn't take long to find dirty spots and signs of bad maintenance in the room. Need to print something out? Oh why, there's a business center! ... which charges $1 per minute, $15 minimum! In any 3-star Holiday Inn, they'd gladly let you make use of a "business room" with a PC connected to the Internet and a printer, without charging you any extras. The hotel makes sure to mark all the checkboxes of a luxurious 5-star hotel: anything you might need is "readily available". Concierge, private gaming, top-notch restaurants, business center, but what about the simple things? It supposedly caters to rich and upscale guests, or at least it tries to give this impression (let's face it, the majority of ARIA's rooms are common folks' rooms), but do those rich guests enjoy being nickel-and-dimed and grossly overpaying for things?
4	great room, i didnt bother with service as i dont like my stuff messed with while i'm away.stayed in the sky suite, yes, it's awesome.  1 bedroom, a kitchen/bar, a living room.  overall the hotel was good, would be nicer if they comped me the next time.
4	So the very first time I went to the CityCenter/Aria I was blown away. I love the decor, the modern architecture and the smell!! I had family staying in one of the suites and got to check it out and loved the design and view.Just got back from a vegas trip and this time I got to stay at the Aria and I still love it but there was 3 things I didnt like...1) The AC - You can set it to as low as 62 or something but the temp NEVER went lower than 70... and usually never went below 75 during the day. It seemed like it only worked well at night...2) Room Size - The size of a regular room is about the same size as a normal room at The Mirage... I usually get great deals at the mirage so a small room is no problem... but spending so much money at a hotel that is brand new and cutting-edge, I would expect bigger rooms... still... not a huge con but it would have been nice if the rooms were the size of say Palazzo/Venetian.3) It's a lot farther away from other casinos than you think - Its easy to get to Bellagio... but anything further than that like Mirage, Wynn, Venetian, etc... its a looooong walk. It takes a long walk to hit the sidewalk... so most of the time you will take a tram to bellagio then walk outside from there... usually its ok but when your drunk and tired that trip can be killer lol.. Overall I would stay at Aria again... for a good deal... But I still prefer to stay at The Mirage or Palazzo/Venetian..Oh The Pools at the Aria are pretty damn nice too.... I think my fav so far...
3	The Reviews are True - Service is Horrible Here!Checked in Approximately 9pm on a Friday Night. I specifically requested for a King non smoking room and I received a King w/ Smoking. The lady at the front desk promised to move me tomorrow to a non smoking and requested for an upgrade free of charge (she only told me she'll request it, because Saturday was already sold out). Of course I did not receive the upgrade and I had to call the manager at 9am on Saturday to "reserve" a non-smoking. He promised me a "view" but my prior room had the same "view" of the city center. Nothing special IMO. I normally stay at Venetian, Palazzo, Encore, Wynn, and the M Resort and wanted to give this place a try since they were offering me a decent promotion. I would not pay more than $200 a night for this room.Room was approximately 500-525 square ft. The decor was nice and they maximized their room size accordingly. Bathroom shower and tub were located in the same glass door (you can splash water from your shower into the tub). There was't a place where one can hang their towel to dry. There was a scale and a private toilet. How can a hotel allow you to book or reserve a non-smoking room and not have it available. Casinos are good at tricking people into coming into their hotel and telling them this is "all we got." Non-smoking rooms are first come first serve. Of course they're not going to update their system and show you how many rooms are available in non-smoking because they don't want to give you reasons to not come to their casino. The night I checked in I believe most people paid $400 a night here. I would have been pissed if I had to pay half of that. The second night I did not have to breathe in the Cigarette Aroma so It was a much more pleasant stay.
3	On my last visit to Vegas we decided to stay at the Aria.  The casino/restaurant area is pretty nice but I wouldn't expect anything less from a brand new hotel.  We did eat at a couple of the places there but I'm just here to talk about the room.The room seemed small but it was decorated nicely.  The AC really didn't seem to work at all as the temp was stuck at 70 no matter how low you set it.  We had it set at 62 and the room was always 70.  Not a big deal but it could get annoying after a while.  One of my biggest complaints is the funky room controller they have there.  There are two control panels on the wall as well as a touch screen thing close to the bed.  You can close the drapes and turn off and off the lights from the things which most people would be like "wow...that totally cool" but the response time from you pushing the button and it actually doing it is about 1-2 seconds.  So you could be hammering away at the button and nothing would be happening, which is probably why some of the bottons seemed like they weren't working.The bathroom was wierd.  The door for the bathroom is an unusually heavy sliding door.  Once you get that thing going it's hard to stop it before it plows into the other side.  The shower stall has a tub in it....not sure why they have it that way because usually the tub and shower are separated from eachother but who knows?Overall I have to say it is a nice hotel but I probably won't be staying here again.
3	My wife and I enjoy coming to City Center and hanging out at Bar Moderno piano lounge for a few drinks.  Our friends were visiting from out of town and staying at Vdara.  So, when we got together for some cocktails we naturally picked Bar Moderno.Getting to City Center is pretty easy, but the parking is atrocious!  Valet parking is easy to find, but self parking is tough.  You have to keep your eyes open for the sign when you first enter the City Center driveway for the Self Parking on the left lane....if you don't, you'll miss it and end up in Valet.Then, once you get into the parking garage, you'll be frustrated because:a) You don't own a hybrid, you can't park in the spaces closest to the elevators.....WTF?  Seriously?  1/2 the spots are empty.b) There's too much space between cars, enough for another car.....but it's striped off because according to City Center they wanted "to give more room for people to get in and out of their cars".....that much room?  Seems silly when you can't find a parking space!c) If you have Verizon, the signal sucks in the parking garage and there are dead spots in the hotel.Once you get into the hotel, you'll find navigating the property frustrating because signage is terrible.  We've been here 5 times, so we can navigate to most places fine, but our friends had difficulty finding the bar.I wrote a separate review for Bar Moderno, so I won't get into any details for that.Will I return to City Center?  Yes, but I won't give it any more than 3 Stars until they get some of their bugs fixed.
3	The casino is smaller than what i had expected.. The hotel itself seems decent but theres not so much here. I guess its still a work in progress
5	We love love love you Aria!
3	Vegas is all about being loud, being stupid, being carefree and not worrying about being an adult. but having adult privileges. We were drinking @ 1am and the security guard came by to warn us to tone it down or else the manager would return. We went downstairs and people were giving us evil stares just being we were tipsy, but it's VEGAS! The pool was tiny, but props to the pool boy who carried our towels for us and found seats for us.The only thing I like about this place, was the amazing night view from our hotel room, and that everything was automated (curtains, the do not disturb, the lights), and that the elevator was extremely easy to find. SOME of the service was extremely attentive and friendly, and really down to earth...others (like the housekeeper and the hotel clerk) showed that they hated their jobs.Would never book a room here ever again.
4	Very pretty and high tech - the curtains open when you first enter the room. We booked a strip view on the 22nd floor which was gorgeous. The only downsides were that the shower with bath attached was not as great as it may seem, and the robes and towels were sub-par.
4	Nice new joint at the City Center. Stayed here for a three day slot tourney and found the experience to be a solid 4 star. Could have easily been 5 with a facility like this but they really dicked up a few things. I'm figuring it's the result of running low on funding in the middle of the most ambitious project in the history of the city. 7 billion(est) as an opening bid? That's a 7 with 9 zeros, son! With that much invested, I would have hoped for a pool deeper than 31/2 feet and to have some sort of organization at the front desk. WHEN YOU GO- The room's central remote is very cool but a bit unresponsive. When I punch an icon I want ACTION! I'm pushing a tab 3 times like a fookin moron, canceling, then re-requestingagainandagainand AAAUUGGHH!!! Don't scrimp on the Valet's tip- otherwise you'll be waitin a while for your wheels! And as with any hotel, look for Housekeeping's hiccups- We found a very nice shirt folded neatly, scrunched into the bottom of the closet and nice sploog stain on the bedspread- but if you don't know to throw that bedspread out immediately upon check in you probably didn't want to know that!
4	Im not mad at this place. For what it is and what it cost it was good. The rooms are nice and have some really cool features for tech people. When you walk in the room the curtains open automatically and the little gadget that sits on nightstand controls the room. It basically does everything but flush the toilet. The slot machines are all the latest and greatest. And they pay too. All in all I would stay here again. The staff and check in was easy and the place is hip, modern and fun. I also visited the Deuce bar which is located in the Hotel. It has gaming and a dark Hollywood Regency appeal. I ordered room service and it was alright. Location: B+Cleanliness: ASlots: AFood: BEnergy: B
2	Didn't like it.  That pretty much sums up my entire experience.  I thought it was going to be fun, it wasn't.  The rooms here are very nice, modern i.e. plasma screen remotes that control the t.v., a/c, and curtains.  Those were fun for like a minute..Nothing else here is worth coming here for..The Casino blows hardcore.  It wasn't fun, if you walked around NO ONE was winning.  I know I shouldn't expect to come here to win, I never do, but hitting something always happens.  I did however win 17th in a 400 person slot tournament. That was fun, the rooms were free, though be prepared to walk a 1/3 mile to get to your room.  Whoever designed these walkways should be shot, tarred and feathered and then beaten.  I will be coming back, however, they keep sending me free rooms, but I won't like it, and I won't gamble here.  2 stars and a bite me!
5	I am honestly so 100% pleased with my stay here there is NO question where i will be staying next time I am in Vegas. The staff was really nice. The room was incredibly clean, comfortable, large and everything we could have wanted. The casino floor smelled so good. I hate smoke smell and this casino smelled like vanilla!! Im not even joking! The restaurants are delicious and the dark and modern atmosphere is just really relaxing and nice from the loud and crazy that is Vegas.
2	Initially I was very impressed with this hotel.  Loved the modern look to the rooms and casino.  Not your traditional casino look.  I appreciated not having to walk through the casino to get to the pool like at most hotels.  We stayed there for three nights this past Memorial Day weekend.  By the end of the stay, I was done!  Ready to leave.This is a very pricey resort.  Expect to pay a minimum of $35-40 dollars for an entree for dinner.  We ate at the buffet (because it was free) and three other resorts.  None of them were outstanding.... in fact I wouldn't recommend any of them.  The high tech rooms were nice except for two inconveniences.  One is that there is no plug ins by the night stand.  I arrived to Vegas with a sore back and my much needed heating pad.  Ended up either calling for an extension cord or plugging it across the room and risk clothes lining myself in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom.  The second inconvenience was the control panel for the room.  It is not wireless like a remote control.  It's short wire only reached to one side of the bed, which of course was not mine.   From talking with the maintenance staff, they are kept very busy with all the tech problems in the rooms. We witnessed numerous instances of poor customer service.  At first I chalked it up to the chance of rude customers feeling that they were privileged to EVERYTHING.  However on Monday I heard a conversation regarding a cancellation of a cabana after the group had reserved it for two days (for not a cheap cost).  The man simply asked for permission to take the generic towels from the cabana to the public lounge chairs.  "You canceled your reservation and now you want my towels? Either you or me need to get the towels and it's not going to be me" said the staff.  Cocktail waitresses were short and a couple of customers ended up walking to the bar to get their drinks and not have to deal with the rude staff.  The gusts of wind send several clothing items, newspapers, etc. blowing pool side also.  A pool staff picked up someone's cover up and simply walked away with it.  Not bothering to ask anyone if it was theirs.  My final straw... or so I thought was upon returning from the pool (I was there by myself) my towels was all gone.  I had left a flip flop on top, but the wind apparently blew it off.  However, my dress, magazines and big bag were under the chair.  You can see through the chair!  Another couple beside me went to pick up lunch.  When they returned, their towels were also gone and their cell phones were left exposed on the loungers.  We arranged for a 7 pm checkout; and paying extra to do so.  Two knocks on the door from housekeeping; one at 9 am and another at 3 pm asking if we were checking out.  We called regarding this, and they said that we never made the request and had 30 minutes to get out of our room. What the hell?  I was in the shower and still had to pack.  We said that wasn't going to happen.  It was their error.  Upon checking out we just wanted to get out.  Luckily we requested a print out of our bill.  When we got home, we saw that they double charged us for Elvis tickets.  We had a 2 for 1 deal through the hotel.  (BTW... skip the show.  It's not worth it.  The audience was half full on a Saturday night showing).   We called the hotel last night and told it could not be resolved.  They would not let us leave a message for a call back.  Again, another 'x' regarding customer service. No matter what the issue was, it seems the person who picks up the phone can't help you.  Expect to be transferred to multiple staff and departments for any kind of concern.  If you do need to make a call, make sure to get the staff's names.  That was the only way we got any kind of prompt responses. I wouldn't recommend this hotel for the price and service.  There are plenty of beautiful options on the strip.
3	We walked thru Monte Carlo's Street of Dreams to get here, and there was AC almost the whole way, thank goodness, because it was HOT outside!  Nice modern looking casino - the decor was pretty techie looking.  Like that the Goldfish slots were actually hitting here so we could spend more than just a couple of minutes before moving on.  This place uses the same MGM Mirage player club that is used at the Monte Carlo, etc.  Neat to see that the poker tables were actually slamming at 10pm on a Wednesday night.  Maybe there was a tournament going on?   Also noticed that there is an abundance of well dressed security here and that the people staying here were better dressed over all than I've seen at other casinos, with the exception of those with club scenes going on.
2	We always stay at MGM hotels. We thought we would try this one because it was new, bad idea. Horrible customer service the entire weekend! Account kept getting messed up, Casino staff was rude and not helpful, food was not impressive at all.The only good thing that happened was we got a cabana by the pool for one of the days and the staff there was awesome!we go to Vegas everything 3-6 months so have stayed at many hotels. So far the best by far is Mandalay Bay, which we almost ended up switching to halfway through our stay.The rooms here are nice but since there "techy" rooms with full electronic touch pads to control everything you would think they would use "new" technology in their touch pads, instead it felt very dated and the design of the software was horrible and it ran slow. Overall I would not even waste your time here, there are sooooo many more options on the strip then this place.
4	I was staying at the 25th floor sky suites. When I walked though the door, there were 2 huge beds. You had to use a remote contol to turn on all the lights. to open/close the curtains. The casino floor smelled really good!
2	Arrived to the same situation as an earlier Yelper.  Requested 2 Queens for 3 girls...was informed that they booked those rooms already and nothing is guaranteed - so we can have a King bed + a "complimentary" rollaway.  WHATEVER!She also said she'd call us on Saturday to possibly move us to a 2Q room.  No call to let us know one way or the other.  FAIL!Arrived @ the room on the 3rd floor.  Entered - no lights - nothing automatic.  My two friends desperately tried to turn on the lights...one was fiddling w/ the master control by the front door.  Other was fiddling w/ the master control by the beds.  Lights flickered on & off for 10 minutes.  I finally yelled, "I HAVE TO PEEEEEEE!  Don't touch the LIGHTS DEBORAH!" and I got to pee.  Yay?The next day we went to the outdoor pool area - smart layout - made (3) pools + (1) kiddie pool...more space for lounge chairs so easy to find spots.  Stupid floor was so slick that I slipped right in front of my chair & smashed my left elbow - big bruise.  FAIL!Came back & grabbed salad & trio sandwich pack from downstairs Jean Philippe.  Uh the cheese sandwich I ate caused me to throw up 5 times over the course of the afternoon & evening.  I didn't get to do ANYTHING thanks to a stupid rotten cheese sandwich.  Do NOT eat at Jean Philippe even if it looks great 'cos you'll get SICK!  FAIL!Oh and the view from our room...is concrete & a smaller version of the Aria building (probably housing cover for the a/c units for the casino)...aka no view of anything...not even the freakin' parking lot.  FAIL!I hate this place.  Never coming back.  Wondering why I didn't give one star?'Cos when I puked my guts out for the 5th time, I missed the toilet.  I got it all over the floor.  House keeping came up and helped clean up everything without bitching about it once.  Definitely tipped the lady & Aria got saved by their housekeeping staff from a dismal one star review.  YAY!
5	I loved this place.  We stayed there for a few days over Valentines weekend and I must say we enjoyed our-self.  The staff was very friendly, room was beautiful, food was awesome "the buffet" and the view.  Our room got cleaned at least 2 times a day which turned to be a bit much for us, especially since you have to tip each time.  I love all the electronics and we got a chance to enjoy the deep tub.  We loved the bathroom.  I liked how they had music upon entering the room and how you were able to control everything from one flat screen panel. The bed was so comfy that when we got home we upgraded everything about it to match the Aria bed.I would love to go back and stay again.  I highly recommend the Aria for a luxury night stay.
3	I was conflicted for this review.  On one hand, we stayed in a 2-bedroom penthouse room, and enjoyed all of the amenities that come with the room.  Unfortunately, on the other hand, there were several things that made the stay less than perfect.First off, if you can, stay in the sky suites.  We were picked up right on time in the airport by a chauffeur, who whisked us to the hotel in a limo.  Arrived in their private entrance (a gate had to be opened), and check-in was a breeze.  There is a sky suites lounge, that offers free breakfast pastries and juices in the morning, free bottled water and sodas at all hours, chocolate covered cherries, cheeses, figs, and crackers in the afternoons, and best of all, free booze.  Grey Goose, Johnny Walker, Cuervo, and the like.The room was absolutely amazing.  All the complaints about not getting the requested room are kind of annoying - they are very clear about not guaranteeing the specific type of room...it's like beign pissed off about not getting the car in the picture when you rent a car.  And a complimentary rollaway bed is something they don't have to do.  Anyways, the room was great, but there were two flaws that were ultimately not corrected.  One side of the room was blazing hot.  There were two sets of technicians that came in, and each time, fixed the problem - but sure enough, a few hours later, the problem would come back again.  Finally, an engineer admitted to us that the hotel didn't have the capability to properly cool all of the rooms - instead, they hope that people won't turn the AC down all the way.  Uhh, we are in the desert, right?Next, some of the control screens were not working.  Yes, I know what you're thinking, you're just an idiot who couldn't work it.  Not true.  I work for an IT firm, own lots of tech-y geek-y things, and they just didn't work.  In fact, when we first got in, they were programmed to control a totally different room at first!  I'm sure the people who were in that room had no idea what was going on, with music being turned on and off, and the blinds randomly opening and closing.Other than that though, everything else was great.  The casino, though a bit dark, served its purpose.  I for one, enjoy the slight vanilla smell in the lobbies, as it masks the smokey smell that I detest.  The food was priced as all Vegas places are on the strip - that is, overpriced, but the food was good.  The sports book has some of the best TVs I've seen, all in crystal clear HD, and gigantic.  So, summing things up, if fundamental things like room controls and air conditioning had been solved, this would have been a perfect stay.  Ultimately, I'm not sure I would stay again, as these things need to be right the first time around.  But, there can be good value in their suites especially if you're splitting with others, so give it a shot - you might have a different experience than we did.
5	I absolutely love this hotel. Aside from the Venetian I would definitely recommend this hotel. The rooms were beautiful and extremely modern, the electronics can all be controlled through one user friendly remote located conveniently  between the two queen beds on the nightstand. To top it off, it has the name of the person whos on the room reservation on the panel!One con of the room would be the restroom door, I don't know if anyone ran into the same problem but that thing just didn't want to lock! Hard to get open, hard to lock; however, stunning on the inside.The view was amazing, even though we didn't request the strip view, we got a really nice view of Vdara and the backside of the strip. The city lights are sooo nice at night.The halls are annoyingly long, it takes a good amount a of time to get to your room, at least our room anyway.There are 3 different pools, and 2 hot tubs. The pools are clean and surrounded by trees.Overall this hotel is fabulous I would definitely stay here again.
2	Pros:* Friendly and fast delivery or requested items* Very comfy beds* Nice soaking tub( but can only fit one1) Cons: *None of the staff at check in were smiling or looking remotely like they wanted to see you or even be working there.* No outlets by bed so had to get extension cords for my husbands CPAP*Told had freezer but they only had a fridge sucked for breastmilk saving (sorry if that grosses folks out)* No vending machines to buy a coke anywhere but their overpriced in room fridges* Overcomplicated room switches and lighting systems.* Bathroom sinks designed to get everything wet! The rooms remind me of The Hotel but I prefer The Hotel to Aria
3	Just like the other yelpers, I had a so-so experience at the Aria. Don't get me wrong, this hotel is BEAUTIFUL (of course it is, it's brand new...) BUT there are a few things that could definitely make this hotel a 5 star hotel. Like I mentioned before, the rooms are beautiful and modern. There are two controls (one remote) and one beside touchscreen that control the lights, curtains, temperature, etc for the room. It's very snazzy. The staff was nice enough (a little bit slow in getting a bellhop and security - we were locked out of our room and it took FOREVER causing us to run even LATER for our flight and we eventually missed and had to re-book)...I was very frustrated at first because like my other fellow yelpers, my room was given away. I originally booked for a 2 queen size bed room NON-smoking b/c I have asthma...and specifically put in the notes at the time of booking that I had a late flight coming in. The front desk receptionist told me that the only rooms available were 1 king size, SMOKING rooms which I said NO. He eventually gave us a non-smoking king size hotel room and said that the front desk would give US a call the next morning. They did not. I called early in the afternoon and got a GRUMPY woman on the phone who told me that I had to call back in 2 hours. Um, hello, am I supposed to remember to call your butt when I'm out having fun in Vegas? I think not. Major FAIL Aria. I went back to the desk later and spoke to the same receptionist as the first night. He apologized and put in the request AGAIN and said I should call the next morning because the exact same thing happened and our correct room was given away. So irritating. He then comped $50 to spend @ the hotel (we already did get free spa passes for all three days plus an "upgrade to a city view room" - never got that upgrade oh well)...A few hours later, I spoke to another receptionist and he was able to get us the RIGHT room. FINALLY!! All in all, the room and amenities were nice...I've heard excellent things about the Aria's nightclub, but was not feeling well enough to go...The rate for the Aria is 250?? a night?? Would definitely NOT pay the full price for it..totally not worth it. Service is not the best and although the rooms are excellent, the fact that they give away rooms is not cute. Especially when it apparently happens a lot. Way to go Aria! Oh, and the buffet isn't the best. Go to the Wynn instead and pay the few extra dollars.
4	I read the reviews before I stayed here and I was nervous... really nervous. I'm notoriously snobby at hotels, complaining about nearly anything that gets in the way of my relaxation, so I figured Aria and I would be a poor match. But I was pleasantly surprised all the way around. The only reason it didn't get 5 stars from me was because the pool service menu was spotty (ran out of a few things midday). But otherwise it was flawless. Big quiet clean rooms, smooth check in, respectful staff, fully stocked amenities, comfy bed. I did have an outlet in the bathroom blown (when I plugged in too many beauty products at once), and it was fixed within minutes of calling. But the most impressive part of my stay was when I returned home and 2 days later realized I had left a not-so-small diamond necklace in the nightstand. I don't know who leaves a diamond necklace in Vegas and gets it returned- but I did. Shipped to my home quickly and in perfect shape. Thanks Aria.
3	Just got back from celebrating our anniversary in LV.  We were there for 5 nights/5 days (which is longer than I thought I'd ever spend in Vegas, but we had kid coverage, so what can I say?!), which is a long enough stay to allow for an accurate assessment of Aria.All of the details, like the room automation, combined shower/tub 'room,' etc., are already covered ad nauseum in this post, so here's my spin on just the facts as they related to our visit.PRO's:-We had a friendly check-in experience (unlike  others in this forum) and even got a free 'upgrade' for our anniversary-Gorgeous hotel, especially in the lobby and casino-Comfortable beds-Room automation is cool (when it works; see "Cons" below)-Good onsite dining, except buffet, which was mediocreCON's-Housekeeping was ATROCIOUS and deserves special comment.  -Never refilled our ice bucket, even though we had chilled wine; even left it full of water once  -Forgot to leave ice bucket liner  -Forgot to replace dirty glasses  -4 light bulbs were burned out in the room, so we left a note on the ground asking that they be replaced; never happened.  We got back to the room and the maid had put our note up on the desk.  We had to call maintenance.  -You have to actually PLACE A PHONE CALL to housekeeping to request to have your sheets cleaned.  Hey, I'm all for saving water...just not while I'm on vacation.  I go to a place like Aria, and pay their room rates, so we can be pampered and have a luxury experience.  Glad I spotted the small card so I at least knew I had to call.  -Never cleaned out the shower.  The first day there, I noticed a dead hornet on the bench in the shower.  I figured it must have died there between room changes and the maid would get it next time.  Wrong!  So we left it there to see if they'd ever clean the shower.  As far a I know, it's still kickin' back on the bench because it was still there when we left.Now for the other stuff:-The room was OK.  Not even close to THEhotel.  Automation is cool, but ours didn't work properly.  Even the check-in clerk told us we were in for 'a show' when we entered our room for the first time and I had read postings about it here.  When we entered our room, nothing happened.  In fact, since we checked in late at night and the room was sealed closed, it was darker than a bat cave and we were left fumbling for switches.  The controls worked fine when used manually, but we had to leave our lights on when we left because we knew they'd never come on upon entry as intended.  (Maybe they apply their savings from not washing sheets towards their electric bill?)-Crummy view.  Our 'upgraded' room offered a Strip view.  I suppose the Strip could be seen if I could see through the windows of the Mandarin Oriental or Vdara that sat between us and the Strip.  "Glow of the Strip view" is more like it.-Play at your own risk!  At least if you like the slots or video poker.  I can't speak for the tables, but I didn't see anyone having any luck at the slots the entire time we were there.  I resorted to walking next door to the Monte Carlo to gamble. -Good location on the Strip, but be prepared to walk to get out-CHECK YOUR BILL CLOSELY AT CHECK OUT!  At check in, the clerk specifically warned us to 'check our bill' when we checked out to confirm there were no unauthorized charges from the mini bar.  He warned us that you can't even pick anything up for longer than 30 seconds, or you will be charged for it.  Sure enough, when we checked out, there was a $15 charge on our bill for chocolate poker chips.  We never took a thing from the mini bar and didn't even pick anything up, but I still felt like I had done something wrong when I had to dispute the charge at the front desk.  She didn't believe us, but still reversed the charge.I agree with an earlier reviewer that the property is gorgeous and has tremendous potential, but I left feeling less impressed than I thought I would.  I think they're still working out the kinks.  I'd have to find an amazing deal to go back.  Otherwise, I'll go elsewhere and try something new.  There are just so many options in Vegas...
2	Nice clean rooms, but even for free it was a pain...i know it's new, but the hotel is VERY unorganized, their room keys didn't work so we had to wait 30min for someone to come get us another one, or so we thought, except all HE did was open the door for us and told us we have to call someone else for the keys..OKAYYYy..Nice bathtub, but no bath bubbles. i called front desk for bath bubbles. 15 min later a guy shows up with bottles of shower gel. i tell him BATH BUBBLES.....he says he'll be right back, another 30min pass, so i call front desk again, and this time they tell me to call housekeeping. which i do and they tell me they are sending it over.....which again a different guy shows up with BATH SALT. omggg...but i take it anyway saying thanks.....then i walk around outside for a housekeeper to ask her and she says the hotel doesnt even have 'em.  okayy great waste of time. oh and then when i go back to the room, another 30min later, the first guy shows up again with a BAG full with shower gels and bath salt. No Joke.
5	I had been looking forward to staying at Aria for quite some time.  The rates have gone down signfiicantly since it openend early this year.  I was able to get a great rate for two weekdays.As per usual with casinos i recomend utilizing the valet parking.  It is a long walk from the parking structure to the lobby.  It is not much closer to the elevators.  It is worth the few dollars you will spend tipping to use the valet.The person working the front desk was friendly and funny.  It was a relatively quick process.The moment i walked into the room i was very impressed.  as i entered the lights came on, the television turned on and the blinds opened up automatically.  The rooms are of a modern design.  There are a lot of dark wood and stone tones.The television is a flat screen.  Nearly all of the channels are hi definition.Everything in the room can be controlled from the television remote control or a touch screen control panel on the night stand.  This is an excellent convenient feature.  When i was ready to go to sleep i just touched the master off button.  All the lights slowly dimmed, the blinds closed, and the television shut off.The bed is the most comfortable i have ever slept in.  The bed wraps around you almost like a cacoon.  You slowly settle in for a wonderful night of sleep.The bathrooms look nice and are well appointed.  The combination shower tub area is a nice touch.I tend to be a hotel snob.  I was expecting a good experience.  Aria topped my expectations.  This is my new favorite casino/hotel in Las Vegas.  I did not make it to the pool area.  I will save that for my next trip.
5	I stayed here overnight for business and was quite impressed.  We got a good rate through Travelocity ($100 per night).  This was, by far, the best $100 hotel I have ever stayed at.  Valet Parking was very convenient and the staff was responsive and friendly.  Same with the front desk staff.  As I typically do at high rise hotels, I asked for a room on the highest floor available.  From the 12th floor I had a decent view of the strip.  Upon entering my room, the lights turned on, the curtains opened, and the TV began playing a welcoming tune.  The bedside alarm allowed me to turn on a gradual wakeup system where the lights would illuminate gradually; the curtains would open; and the TV would come onto a station of my choice at a volume I chose.  The bathroom and shower in the standard room was fantastic.  Nicely detailed, and great water pressure (for Vegas).  The hotel casino is standard, but could use a few more tables.  And as is typical with most Vegas hotels, the offer service at some restaurants 24/7, which was key for my 5 am breakfast.I would stay here again, especially if offered another great deal like the one I got through Travelocity.
2	Ok so I went here for the 4th I had tons of money to spend and was ready to have a great time. Got to the hotel and found out my room wasn't ready AND they couldn't tell me when it would be. Mind you it was 4pm. What kind of hotel cannot get your room ready by 4pm. I requested to speak to the manager and magically they found a room for me. I got to my room and the view was amazing however I only overlooked two hotels (and that was the "strip view"). It took me like 20 minutes to figure out how to open the curtains because the entire room is computerized, cool but maybe a bit much. Was investigating the mini-bar and made the mistake of taking something out of it which automatically charged my room. LAME. Room service is GROSS. Don't even bother getting something from it.Also, the casino is so crowded and full of tourist it doesn't even feel like Vegas.Overall, nice hotel but go elsewhere.
1	My gf and I arrived here on 7/3 @ about 2 PM with all of our luggage. Then front desk girl tells us the only rooms they had available were bedrooms w/o bathtubs so my gf and I decided to wait. This was not fun. We had to carry all our belongings back to my car because we didn't trust the luggage with the staff there (They seemed very unreliable). They didn't have a room until 4 PM. Seriously, WTF?! We wanted to have time to hit the pool, get ready for a dinner, and catch KA @ 930.  Also, when we checked in I had a resort credit. When we returned to the front desk, I asked the front desk guy if the credit applied to any of the Crystal stores. He immediately said no, so I called concierge to confirm and turns out this guy was wrong. Upon our entrance into the room, there was no welcoming feature where the curtains open and the tv comes on. Also, their bed is soft. Its soft to the point were its incredibly uncomfortable. I did not sleep well during my 2 nights stay at Aria. Overall, I do not recommend staying at Aria. It was a very unpleasant experience. There are far better hotels than Aria. Encore is the best so far.
2	It's been over 2 years + since my bf and I been back to Vegas.  We were both excited as we were offered to stay at the Aria for 4 nights for free plus 2 free buffet coupons.  When we arrived, the hotel registration desk area is very nice.  The lady who had helped us was very professional.  The only thing that I am very pissed off after the fact is that she had put us on the 7th floor at the end of the hall, about 2 doors away from being the end.  The walk is far .  At that moment, we were not feeling it with this nice hotel.As soon as we scanned our key card, we opened the door and everything was automatic.  The curtains slowly opened, the lights slowly glowed in the room and the TV turned on by itself.  Everything in the room is very high-tech.  The very next day, we went to dine at the buffet.  The meal was well over $75 for 2 people.  I am so glad it was free as I would never EVER come back again.  The food selection was very disappointing.  The food was so-so.  There is nothing about Aria buffet that made me said "WOW" about it.  If we had to paid for this buffet... the only thing that would of made the "WOW" noise would of been our wallet.  Believe me, it would of been the kind of "WOW" as if "Wow, you got ripped off".  Aria is very hype and stylish... it attracted very young crowds.  The casino is not big.  The pool is way over-rated.  The cystal mall that's attached to Aria is all over-priced items.  We walked into the LV store and NO ONE welcomed us!  Although this place is right next to the Bellagio and across from Planet Hollywood.  Do not be fooled... It is not close at all.  You can take the free tram from Aria that brings you to the back of the Bellagio where you have to walk what seems to be 10 miles just to get to the poker room.  Aria is very inconvient to leave.  I've always been a big fan of nice big fancy hotel.  After this experience with Aria... I have learned to really appreciated locations such as Harrahs, Imperial Palace and Flamingo area.  Aria - your place might be very high-tech.  I am extremely NOT impressed with your hotel.  With your next free offers, we would rather stay at Harrah's properties.
5	Been there with wondering Heard about that hotel was established last year. We stayed at corner suite with panorama city view. My favorite was jacuzzi with city view. Even we could see bellagio fountain show a little bit at the corner. Great experience and loved their buffet. Had lunch. Lots of choiceSushi bar was smallBut others are good Price is 25?
3	It's "ok" at best... if you're looking for a true Las Vegas experience try the new tower at Caesar's, Wynn, Palazzo at the Venetian. Aria is just some weird step child that doesn't have any classic Vegas identity. It's like someone from some other planet came in and built this ugly, dark weirdly expensive thing... and then told everyone it was a hotel.It's probably the most depressing hotel I've ever stayed in because its so dark and un-comfortable. It's like that friend that talks too much because they are uncomfortable in their own skin. Go check it out, but stay somewhere else!
3	This is some what of a bittersweet review because we were looking oh so forward to staying there! First off we get there around 5:00 pm on Saturday evening and stay in for a bit because we LOVED the room! Had some cocktails, went down and went out for a few hours. Came home around midnight, pulled back the sheets and.......there was blood on the sheets! SO, grossed out, we call downstairs and pack up our bags! First off we called for about a half hour before we were able to get  a hold of anyone. So that kinda annoyed us. Someone comes up to get us, and moves us across the hotel to the sky suites. which by the way was the same room just in another tower that was hid behind a door that you needed your key card for! So get on up there, check the bed, we are good to go.....til we went in the bathroom and there were maxi pads all over the place and the soap had been opened and there was pubic hair on it! Not to mention the bell boy said, wow, it kinda smells in here! um, yeah that it did! So perhaps the girl who bled on our sheets in the first room, had been moved to this room? god only knows! In any case, he tried to call downstairs, got no answer so he went down himself! Him being the bell boy. So about an hour later, and many calls from us, he came back up and said we are going back to the other side where we came from. Whatever, at this point it was 3am, it was three hours well into the moving situation and I just wanted a bed! So we were going back to the other side and opened the next door to where we found a beautiful suite! wonderful, drop our bags we are going to bed! So we didn't even fully check out the place til the morning! it was awesome! the bathroom was our favorite place, the toilet had heated seats and it was wonderful! Just wished we could have enjoyed it a bit more, because I woke up to realize that my wallet and one bag had been missing! Bell Boy never got all the bags! SO I went down stairs and had to find someone to let me in the other room, which took well over an hour and a half, finally got my bag and around 2pm I was able to enjoy the pool! We were tired and annoyed! The next day at check out we felt like we had to negotiate to get someone to take a night off or something. I mean we spent our first night being shlepped all over the place! We loved the place but the service and managers and obviously cleaning people were not up to par for this upscale new hotel! So it kinda left a bitter taste in our mouth! Will we go back? Time will only tell, and if the rates were lower. Because god knows we are not spending that kinda money again to have to sleep on dirty gross sheets!
5	I go to Vegas almost every month for random reasons. Before I used to stay at either the Wynn, Encore, Palazzo, or Venetian...Then came ARIA...I have stayed here everytime since March of this year...If you can somehow manage, they will give  you a "past guest" promo code which will definitely save you some $$$. BTW, I don't gamble so I am a paying guest everytime.
1	Just settled my hotel bill dispute regarding the Resort Credit with the customer relations manager. I used my Resort Credit @ Tiffany & Co located in the Crystals since the Conceirge told me it was fine. HOWEVER, be warned. The hotel resort credit only applies to the Aria facility and has nothign to do with the Crystals stores. Luckily, I had documentation to prove that I was misinformed by Aria's staff, and in no way was I to be held liable for this issue.
4	Stayed here over fourth of july weekend and got a poker rate of $99 fri/$139 sat (there's a minimum of 4 hours/day of play per room to get this rate).  We arrived to a long line at the front desk, so I headed to the VIP section and we're immediately checked in.  As we walked to our room, we noticed a gelato/dessert bar near the elevators.  It was pretty hard to resist.  Got into the room and plopped onto a very comfortable bed.  The bathroom was small but gorgeous.  The toilet is separated from the shower by frosted glass.  The shower itself is quite large with an enclosed tub.  The bedroom is effin sexy.  There is a room control panel which controls everything from the tv, music, lighting, curtains/sheers, etc.  Also, you can select the Privacy or Service button on the screen and the LCD screen outside your door illuminates in red for PRIVACY or in green for SERVICE.  They have a channel that shows flight times for most airlines.  There's also a mini bar and several ports near the tv for your electronic gadgets.  And, just in case you forget your charger, they have a box for sale with every charging cord you could possibly want.
3	What can I say, this place is top notch and the place doesnt smell like smoke in the air. It always smells good, wide open space, easy to get around, but it doesnt have that much shops around. This hotel seema to geared more towards conventions. Although, this is connected to the shops so walking is easier during summer time.
4	Stayed here the weekend after the 4th of July from Friday afternoon to Sunday morning.If you're a modern architecture and design freak like I am, you'll live this place for the design alone.  The first thing you'll notice is the amazing architecture and the incredible level of design detail throughout the casino and hotel.  You can tell that an architect had final say on Aria's design and not a financial committee (or maybe it was a financial committee with a lot of taste).  It's very modern, very much in the spirit of Frank Lloyd Wright (although he was not one of the architects involved with Citycenter).The casino itself does not wreak of cigarette smoke as most everywhere in Las Vegas does. I assume it's a factor of a better ventilation system, perfumed air (vaguely sweet), and the fact that people are starting to give up a habit that might kill them.  The casino floor appeared empty in comparison to its more popular neighbors like the Bellagio.  Interestingly, the casino isn't a twisting maze designed to make you lose your sense of direction (see MGM Grand).The rooms are great.  The beds seemed a little bit smaller than a traditional queen for some reason, but I didn't exactly measure the bed.  The focus of the room is the floor-to-ceiling, wall-to-wall window that opens up to the view.  From rooms 10294 and 10296 we could see Vdara, a part of the Bellagio, the Palms, and the mountains west of Las Vegas.  Although a Strip view would have been ideal, the desert sunsets were incredible from the room.  Beautiful modern fixtures and the dark-brown wood motif from the rest of Aria is carried on throughout the room.The bathrooms were decently sized and had two sinks and a separate toilet and a very large stand-up shower with a large bath tub all behind the same glass barrier.The coolest part of the room is the ability to control everything (all lights, curtains, etc.) from the TV menus or from the touch-screen clock/"computer" in each room.  Even cooler was the button labeled "Goodnight" near the bed that shuts off every light, closes the drapes, and turns off the TV.The pools were small and shallow.  They have three elliptical pools with many many many chairs in a variety of locations providing lots of shade or sun.  They religiously enforce rules that don't allow smoking or drinking in the pools which means some drunk-ass bro with his barbed-wire tats isn't going to spill his Shit Beer Light into the pool which prevents the pools from smelling like a fraternity house the morning after a party.  The pools were not amazing but were clean and comfortable.The staff is also very nice.  Everyone -- including the maids -- greet you as you walk past them (surprisingly, most could speak english).Price wise we paid $577 for two rooms (w/ 2 queens each) for an entire weekend.OTHER INFO:  There is a free CityCenter tram that connects Aria with the Monte Carlo and the Bellagio.  It's difficult to get to the street from Aria so I suggest taking the tram to either casino and get to the Strip from there.  Also, the concierge desk is great -- use them.Keep in mind that Aria is trying to be a "different" Las Vegas.  Earlier reviews got it right; if you're looking for "traditional" Vegas go somewhere else.  It's not trying to be a representation of somewhere else.  It dispatches with cheesy gimmicks that are commonly associated with LV (gondola rides, pirate shows, a 1/4 size model of the Eiffel Tower) in favor of architecture and comfort.  Aria seems to concentrate on the resort aspect of a resort-casino.  It seems like the small casino was almost an afterthought.  If you want something that offers a nice respite from the usual Las Vegas strip but still put's you close to the action, then Aria is your place.
1	We stayed here for a friend's wedding from July 10th - 11th. First off, beautiful hotel. Second, horrible customer service. I read many of the other reviews on this brand new hotel and casino and my review on it is pretty much like some of the negative reviews on here. Poor customer service. From not having the room requested available to not getting the rollaway bed we were promised. Aria seriously needs to improve its services for the sake of its future as a Vegas hotel. So far, its not off to a good start in my book.
5	I haven't given very many reviews for two reasons, I haven't been provided with an experience lately that has either WOW'ed me or infuriated me...until now.The Aria hotel is not only beautiful inside and out, but it has also renewed my faith that there ARE hotels out there who care.I went to Aria with my company and coincidentally the trip also happened to be my 3 year anniversary.  I arranged for some amenities to be brought up to the room in honor of this special occasion.  While the coordination didn't go as smoothly as I had hoped, Aria Front Desk took charge of the matter in spades.  In their defense, my request was not very ordinary.I think it is impossible for a service company to get everything right 100% of the time, that's why Customer Support exists.  When something goes wrong, I, as a seasoned Customer Support executive, am always eager to see how the company handles the clean up.Aria blew my expectations out of the water.  Without going into the unnecessary details, Aria not only saved the day (and weekend), but they also created a fan out of me.  I have been telling everyone I know about this place and will continue to do so.I have been to many hotels in Vegas and it's nice to know I don't need to jump around anymore.  I'll be staying at Aria from here on forward.
4	Looking forward to our next visit!!The BAD:Parking. I understand that this hotel was probably trying to cater to the handicapped and I have nothing against them, but when every other parking space is blocked off and you have to keep climbing higher and higher into the lot to get parking, it really gets annoying! Lack of Staff training. The staff was very attentive and friendly, but I'm sorry to say that from our very first experience with check-in, we had every staff screw up. Front desk over charged our credit card without approval, we had to go through hoops to get our $75 voucher, was completely ignored when we requested pool service, and the bell peppers on our pizza tasted like it had never been washed (i could taste bits of soil!). The GOOD:Modern design, spacious rooms with beautiful views, very technological! From the moment we stepped in, we were welcomed by automated curtains and a beautiful view of the city. A quick tour of the room quickly showed us that almost everything in the room was automated by a quick touch of a button. The panel below the tv and next to the desk had all the input/output that you could possibly need for your entertainment needs including an audio input for your iPod or mp3 player.The bathroom was very spacious. We had his and her sinks and a separate shower stall next to a jacuzzi enclosed by glass doors.Overall, for the amount of money we paid ($129/night with a $75 credit voucher), we were very satisfied with our stay. Sure, there were hiccups with staff and parking was terrible, but we understand that the hotel just opened up and is probably still trying to get situated. Also, we appreciate that the staff was really trying to make every effort to make our stay as nice and convenient as possible.
1	Why, oh why, does the greener grass over the fence always end up bitter and tasteless.I found the hotel of my dreams the last time I stayed in Vegas. The Signature. It's quiet, room service at 1:30am is prompt and delicious and you can fit more clowns in the giant two person jacuzzi tub than in a VW beetle. But this time we jumped on a deal to stay 3 nights at the Aria. One of the strips newest babies and supposedly a high tech wonder.We drove up from Phoenix after work and didn't check in until after 11 at night, and the highest up we could get was the 4th floor. Yay. Paid extra for the Deluxe City View and got a deluxe view of the valet drop-off overhang.Entrance to the room was nice, lights came on, curtains opened and soft music from the TV. That's about where the niceties stopped. 100lbs of covers on a to tall, to soft bed. It all ended up on the floor. The next morning I found out several bulbs were out in the room. One in the shower, one in the weird frosted toilet area and the close up mirror. BTW what idiot decided to put a mirror next to the light switches. You either shut off the lights with your shoulder and you cant raise your right elbow.The TV was horrible. The syncing between the audio and video was off, so any TV watching was akin to an old style dubbed karate movie. The touch pad also required a fair amount of pressure to function. For a place that touts it's high-techness, this is an uber fail.The worst part is their TSA like card checker at the base of the guest elevators. Regardless of the time of day or how full your hands are with hot coffee from the cafe (or maybe because of it), you may be chosen at random to drop it all and show your room key to the over eager prison guard wanna be. If I wanted to go through a security checkpoint every time I came back, I'd be sleeping at the airport. Of course advising the person that you will no longer be staying there because of this, only earns you a healthy look of contempt.There was nothing there worth visiting. The architecture of the casino only increases the noise levels. Other than the Lemongrass restaurant (which is hidden and unadvertised on the directional signs) and the Radiance jewelry store - very interesting watches and the staff are happy to talk regardless of your apparent income bracket - are both interesting if you happen to be there.First and last time we'll stay there. The stay was so disturbing and uncomfortable came very close to packing my things up and move over to the Signature.
2	Two? Seriously how it's all new and shiny and yet has no sockets readily accessible next to the bed. If you sleep with a Cpap that's kinda a big deal and why don't I carry a cord with me?  Oh I don't know because in every motel, hotel, resort and suite I've stayed in over the last decade in several countries hasn't frigging needed one!   Yep that's about all I can give a hotel that makes a BFD over it's technology and then provides a TV distribution system that has the sound and picture out of sync on many channels. Where three of the lights are blown  which is total BS that doesn't just happen on the same day or two so there's a feeling of  no one cares from the moment you get in.   Didn't enjoy a lot about this hotel which in comparison to a one of its sister hotels , The Signature, failed to excite in anyway bar  one of the shops and the patisserie.   I don't like being "carded"  when hands are full of coffee and yummy pastries. So  I have to put them down just to get to the elevator I have enough issues with badges, keys and photos at work that the last thing I need to relax is a fucking gargoyle incurring pastry damage and overflowing coffee on my hands. You know for such a technology driven place maybe they could have keyed the entrance against the door keys?   At that point , 2nd day I thought , nope never staying here again.The room was listed as Deluxe City View Room which we completely failed to get on the 4th floor. ( unless you like valet parking) and are $30 more a night.  Physically I love the space and materials but all the things I like about this place I can enjoy as a visitor being a guest really counts for very little.
4	Beautiful new hotel!  I have nothing but good things to say.  We went for a 2 day trip with friends and stayed here because we found a really good deal.  The check-in was very prompt, we waited maybe 2 minutes.  The pool area is quite nice with very good service to order drinks or snacks.  I loved that there was some shade from trees so we didn't have to sit directly in the hot Vegas sun.  Everything smells fresh, clean and new.  The cool, abstract art pieces everywhere were amazing - just fun, interesting things to look at around every corner.  The rooms were nice, added technology was fun to play with (controlling everything in the room from the touch screen next to the bed), but after the initial thrill it wasn't so hard to just flip the lightswitch on the way out of the room.  We didn't eat at any of the restaurants, but did partake of the piano lounge and some drinks one evening.  Tasty, creative drinks and Lady Gaga, Nirvana, etc. on the piano - pretty cool.  I would totally recommend this  hotel.  Had a great stay here.
3	There's just something about this place that I'm not digging.  Sure, it's new, it's modern, it's sleek, but it's just not warm and inviting. The casino is huge.  HUGE!  It seems like they've tried their very best to squeeze as many tables and slots in as huge a space as possible.  I think I passed maybe 8 bars from the lobby to the opposite end of the casino, and none really seemed to jump out at me.  We did end up having a few cocktails at Bar Moderno (I think) but the service was cold and uninviting.  Sure, the people in here are young, beautiful, and sexy, but you can get that at many other hotels in Vegas, and not lose the hospitality.  On a positive note, the Aria Sky Suites are gorgeous.  Private, quiet entrance, huge suites with fantastic views, large in room spa tubs, free happy hour cocktails and snacks, and, wait for it...the best toilet experience you'll find in Vegas.  Yes, that's right.  A toilet experience.  Heated seats, front and back bidet, and a dryer.  Yup.  A dryer for your behind!  Hey, if that doesn't get you an extra star, then I don't know what does.
2	This place had me frustrated.  I had visited the hotel with the intention of gambling and seeing the inside of the casino.  The casino was nice and modern, but did not have the wow-factor I had expected.  I found the casino smaller than expected and the overall casino experience was not close to that of the Bellagio or Venetian.  The worst thing was the distance of the casino from the strip sidewalk.  You would think that hotels would have the casino close to the sidewalk to entice more gambling.  That issue had me the most frustrated.
4	I've had a different experience from what the 3-star rating might depict.  My stay here was terrific and relaxing!! I can just sleep all day and not go out. My only issue with this place is that it can take a while getting to the the elevators because I would have walk around the casino, etc.  Would I stay here again?  Yah, sure.  I would much rather stay at THEhotel or Bellagio, though, since those two were even MORE relaxing for me.
3	I stayed at the Aria for the weekend and wasn't quite sure what to expect based on the mixed reviews here. Upon check-in, I asked about my $75 resort credit as listed on the website when i booked my room. I was informed that because of the special rate I received (a 72-hour sale), I did not get the credit. I saved $60 to lose out on a $75 credit.The check-in lady seemed to care less and didn't seem to want to be working that day.  On top of this, there were no suite upgrades as the hotel was full (no big deal here). Minus one star for a bad start to the weekend.I was pleasantly surprised by the hotel itself. The rooms were very nice and very modern. The casino was nice and the bars were fairly cool as well. The pools were nice. There are three to choose from and then there is a pay-pool called Liquid which i did not try. The spa was inexpensive at $30/day. What was nice about the spa was the outdoor pool overlooking Liquid. After drinking all night and waking up with a hangover, i thought I forgot how to work with electronics because nothing in my room worked. No lights, couldn't open the curtain, the TV wouldn't turn on, etc. After waiting for engineering to show up for 45 minutes, I finally got my room 'powered up' again. Evidently, I wasn't alone as a sudden power surge caused a large number of rooms to go dark. Minus one point for making me think i was too hungover to turn on the lights.Overall, my experience was fairly good. The food at the restaurants was good. Would I stay here again vs. my usual (The Venetian or The Hotel)? It would depend on rates.
2	After a couple of emails they have agreed to refund the price difference between the room paid for and the room received. I'm glad because I do like a lot of the other properties in the group and it would have been a pain to avoid them in the future.  As I said in the main body of review  you can get all the best parts out of the Aria as a visitor and I wouldn't mind going back to Radiance ( really nice jewelry store ) and the Thai restaurant within it.
5	I stayed one night last week on business, It was very nice I like the room control panel next to the bed, it was handy after a night of booze to have a room that will wake you up. I ate at the Union steak house in the casino area, it was a very good steak but a tad on the pricey side ( $56 for the steak and $12 for the side. The dealers I encountered were fun and helpful, I had no problem with the hotel staff they did a good job. I didn't get to make it to the pool.
1	What a beautiful hotel.  Too bad the valets are terrible!  The valet who got my car last night dropped a huge stinky FART bomb in my car!!!  It stunk for 10 minutes!!! YUCK!  And, he had the nerve to take my tip and not warn us.  On top of that, he totally messed with my mirrors and seat position.  This is the North Valet that I used.
4	Stayed at Aria on 7/16/10, had wanted to check out the hotel for a while. The room did not disappoint. It was very modern and clean as you would expect from a new hotel. The room's central control system left something to be desired. It was very annoying when all I wanted to do was turn off a light and shut down the entire room- TV and all. I did love the bathroom, the mirror was well lit and the shower was very roomy. The bed was like sleeping on a cloud. I did not enjoy my time in the casino, not only because of my lack of luck that night. The vanilla scent that they pump through the vents reminded me of the hallway my locker was in during middle school when all of the girls used loads the vanilla bean body spray from bath and body works. The smell seriously grossed me out, I'd rather smell cigarettes. I get the psychology behind using this scent- trying to bring some warmth to Gotham City but they need to turn it down a notch. I'd stay at the hotel again, but next time I'll do my gambling elsewhere.
3	Just came back from my 2 night stay at Aria. What a beautiful building inside and out. It's modern with personality!Unfortunately, service was terrible. We were supposed to get a sky suite, instead they stuck us in a regular room on the 5th floor with terrible view. After many calls to the frontdesk and complaints, they finally agreed to change our room the next day. Easy said than done. The next day, they apparently did not have record of anything downstairs, so we had to go through the process of asking for a better room all over again. Though we finally got a better room on the 31st floor, I did not appreciate the hassle. They definitely need to work on their service.
4	We stopped in to Aria this past week and we fell in love with the place. Even though we didnt not stay here, we found the place to be very spacious and inviting. We walked around for a little bit just to check it out. We went and tried our luck on the slot machines. We turned $20 into $200!!!  Overall the place was clean and very inviting. We will be staying at the Aria the next time we are out there.
1	I just got back from Las Vegas yesterday, we stayed at Aria from 7/16/2010 to 7/18/2010. One of the worst hotel experiences I've had in a very long time; most of the hotel guests felt the same. For being such a new and young hotel, they should really have their act together. The check in staff was rude, unprofessional and unacknowledged about the facility and amenities. We had reservations for a room with two beds on a non smoking floor, when we arrived we were told we were out of luck and that they only had rooms with a king size bed on a smoking floor and they would provide a roll away bed. This is totally unacceptable and the only compensation they offered was to have someone come up and air pout the room with oxygen to try to rid of the smoky smell - which never even happened because no one knew what the front desk was talking about. After much going back and forth and changing rooms twice- we had to settle for just that, except that they got us in a room on a non smoking floor. I absolutely refused to stay in a smoky room on a smoky floor. We had spa services scheduled on Saturday morning.... the facility was not impressive and not as clean as one would expect and the rates for their services is over priced for what you get. Overall their staff is unprofessional and really don't understand what customer service really is. The management team should get on the ball and provide some coaching on how to speak to and deal with hotel guests. Anytime I asked for directions on where certain areas were located in the hotel, the response was just someone pointing their finger to a hotel elevators up with that? Anyway, very disappointing time for the amount of money they charge and I will never stay at this hotel again! There is such an abundance of choices in Vegas...please stay somewhere else...Aria is not worth it.
4	Beautiful hotel and I mean in a very contemporary, Minimalism (art type) home decor.  So instead of being too detailed, I'll just bullet point the pros and cons of this place.Deluxe Room: stayed at the deluxe room while 3 friends stayed in the Aria Sky Suite on the 24th Floor.  Got the chance to compare both.  Only real difference is the living area, a small dining area, bidet and jacuzzi tub.  Other than that, the deluxe room would be fine.  WARNING: DO NOT REMOVE ANYTHING FROM THE REFRIGERATOR! So the first time we walk into the room they had that wonderful soft welcome music, the curtains automatically open and all that jazz.  It was great and we were taken.  So we open the fridge and they have items like: water, soda, candy and even Veuve Cliquot Champange (yellow) label.  Pretty Impressive for a deluxe suite.  We removed  some items to store perishables we bought down at Jean Pierre. Apparently the fridge had sensors and we were automatically charged.  Fortunately, they removed the charges when we checked out.  Whheeeww.Bathroom: loved the ovesized shower head and the tub being next to it.T.V: great bed side touch screen control.Bed: very comfy, slept like a baby. It's great they had more pillows you can use because I can never have enough!Service: very fast service from their staff.  If we needed something, they were on it!CONS:1) My bed side lamp bulb was out and the free standing lamp bulb in the corner was out.2) The touch entry did not work when we tried to open our door the first time3) Elevator location is a walk away from most rooms. Sucks if you don't call service up for help.Short review, but other than that...loved this hotel! Probably going to be my 1st choice to stay at when in Vegas.  But then again, I've never stayed at the bellagio, Paris or Bally's so we'll see!
4	The Casino: Very modern and gorgeous architecture. I loved the ambiance and the feel of the hotel. Only touched the slots, so I can only comment that they were just okay. Choices seemed to be limited and after walking around and around, I didn't find a machine that attracted me. 4 starsThe Room: Sky suite double beds. The room was also beautifully decorated with dark tones. Beds were uber comfortable but the pillows, even though there were 4 on each bed, were all of the same fill power--that is to say they were all too soft. Bathroom was modern as well, with both standing shower and tub. However, because this is an environmentally friendly hotel, the shower head was clearly water saving, as with the faucets and toilet. Problem was that with the lack of pressure in the faucets, the water sprayed everywhere on the counter and drenched everything in sight. The entertainment system was cool, especially for a techie like me. As other reviewers have noted, you can control everything (lights, shades, TV, flight information, privacy) from the bedside computer monitor. Was it confusing? Not for me, yes for the others in my party who are over 50. I was also impressed by the key card access to the rooms, to which I am unaware of another hotel which uses the same type. You simply touch the card to the door reader; no sliding here! 4 starsThe Restaurants: The Buffet wasn't that great, but it wasn't that expensive so I didn't expect much. No line. The selection doesn't stand a chance to other hotels like Wynn. 3 stars.  The 24 hours Cafes in Vegas are usually my favorite. This one was no exception, especially for breakfast.  However, it seemed to me that there were limited options on the menu was well, but the place was clean and good. 4.5 stars. Crystals Shopping: Not that great. A bunch of brand names, with some under construction and some empty spots as of this review. 3 stars.Overall, worth staying in. Nice hotel.
4	Aria is a swanky new hotel on the strip that provides a chic vibe. Within the casino, much of the design is contemporary and various areas of the casino are lush with vegetation, very pretty.  Table limits are moderate to high, depending on the time of day. Looking to place a sports bet or just to watch a few games on a big screen?  Then the Sky High Sports Bar is a great place to be--lots and I mean LOTS of big screen televisions.  What's nice about this hotel is that it has great ventilation and it's new so you don't encounter that thick fog of cigarette smoke that other hotels on the strip have, but the downside to it all is that the casino excessively sprays a strong cookie/vanilla perfume into the air that makes you feel sick after awhile. There's also a tram available at Aria that stops at The Mirage and Bellagio, which makes venturing around Vegas a little easier/cheaper! The pool is really lovely. I think one pool was supposed to be a family/kids pool with donut floaties available for the kiddies and another pool for adults--except kids invaded the adult pool as well.  I heard there is a topless pool somewhere at Aria, but I didn't spot it. The hotel rooms are really nice. The beds are firm and comfortable. The bathrooms are huge: giant mirrors (great for getting ready to club!), giant shower and giant hot tub. There is also a large flat screen tv in the room, mini fridge, and wireless/internet service for a fee. I encountered one issue at Aria that made me take away 1 star from them. Our group had ordered a double queen room and apparently Aria had overbooked those rooms and could only provide us with a single king room with a rollaway bed--lame.  The rollaway bed was twin sized when we were told it would be as large as the bed in our room (lies!) and was super uncomfortable (you could feel the springs and all!) Despite not getting the room we ordered, I would stay here again (so long as I get a real bed!).
3	I really want to give Aria 3.5 stars but sorry...I just cant give them 4 stars so alas....3 it is. This brand new spanking hotel is, well, new.  Everything is clean and shiny still.  There is an overwhelming vanilla smell throughout which I couldnt decide if I liked or not.  There are several places to eat and drink (breakfast, lunch, dinner, etc).  The price of most of the places is kind of outrageous but so is most of vegas.ProsNewElectronic  everything in your room...you can operate the shades, tv, etc. Comfy bedsSeparate toliet areaLiquid pool loungeLots of different poolsConsNo exhaust fan in the bathroomNon adjustable shower head in the bathroomRandom telephone next to the toliet...????  WHA?? No coffee in the room...BOOBarely any electrical plugs...so annoying$30 per day for fitness centerUnsure if a pro or a conVanilla smell....everywhereDim lights throughout the casinoHUGE lay out
5	Aria - Three letters away from being an awesomely named hotel (:I'm happy to say that this four-sevenths-of-my-name hotel is pretty awesome. It's still fairly new so my smoke-free lungs aren't begging for air after a ten minute walk through the casino. The beds are nice and soft, yet firm. It's modern, sleek, and polished. The cabanas are nice. They come with two lounging floaties for the pool, a stocked mini fridge, a basket of snacks, and two trays of fresh fruit and cheese. Pools are slightly boring, but I love that they're not deep. I like that you don't also hear the blaring music from Liquid like you can at MGM and Wet Republic. The Breeze Cafe, located by the pool, offers a 1 pound hotdog. My ex and his brother finished one each. The servers and managers swore up and down that they were the first to ever finish it. Woot. Caffe Vettro sucks and the  glare of the sun is annoying if you eat there when it sets. Jean Philippe's is awesome. I'm still trying to come up with a way to steal those huge chocolate flowers.  Sweet Chill's equally yummy. Three cheers for the fish penny slot machine for letting me win $37 and then taking back all but 4 cents. Thank you for giving me the chance to live life dangerously for an hour. What a rush!!Last thing: Love the Aria scent. Subtly sweet.
3	The design and overall appearance is international posh post modern chic.  I have watched the city center complex being built for years and had been really looking forward to staying at one of the hotels within it.  I toured the casino, the futuristic high end mall, and Chihuly gallery back in January when it opened.  I like the modern art work (specifically the Moore sculpture).  The design is very cool.  The design reminds me of a kind  of ultra luxury hotel that you would find in Japan or somewhere in Asia.  I have not been to Dubai but I imagine the design to be similar to something from there too.  I loved the design of the room and the chic vibe from the casino et cetera and would like to give this hotel a higher rating.  I can't however since the customer service here falls far short of what it should be for a place like this and the price that we paid to stay here on a Friday night.  Our experience at check-in and check-out was poor.  They tried to pawn a cheaper undesirable 'smoking optional' room on us after we had reserved a very expensive premium non smoking room months in advance.  We specified what our check-in time would be at that time and were told since we were arriving late in the day (not late for our check in time) that they only had 'crappy' smoking rooms with no view left and that they could give us a 50 dollar credit if we agreed to stay in one of those.  We refused.  Magically after she went to talk to her supervisor there were plenty of rooms available like we paid for on a high floor with a premium view.  A fifty dollar credit would have done nothing to alleviate our financial commitment since we paid several hundred dollars for this room and reserved it months in advance.  One wonders if trying to push inferior rooms on people at time of check-in isn't standard practice here.  We really didn't appreciate it.  They really need to step up their customer service here if they want to compete with other hotels on the strip.  I wouldn't recommend staying here unless you can get a very good deal on a week night.  With the level of customer service here, it just isn't worth paying full price.  I hope they work out the kinks soon.  Maybe it is simply that they are new.Update:  Apparently other yelpers have had the same experience.  I just read through some other reviews where the same thing happened to them.  I urge you to read through other reviews (some of which report a similar experience).
2	This review is a pretty long time coming. Let me say that I came here with my boyfriend in May on a recommendation from family. We were also interested in staying here because it's brand new, the City Center seemed really neat, and the Aria is a green, LEED-certified hotel. We booked via Southwest Air - hotel & flight together because we found a deal for 20% off your room rate and 2 free show tickets. Nice deal.We took a shuttle from the airport and were confused when we arrived at the Aria because it dropped us off in back in this underground garage area. Ok..strange. A gentleman took our bags and directed us to the lobby which seemed like forever away. The lines to check in were extremely long and very slow. There was little to no organization at all. We were tired, hungry and ready to get into our room, drop our bags off, and head to lunch. No such luck.When we finally arrived to the front of the line, the woman behind the desk was very bizzare. She did not look at us, greet us kindly nor was she informative. She reminded me of Marla Hooch from A League of Their Own! She basically just told us that there was not a non-smoking room available for us and to check back in a few hours. WHAT? To be honest, this is probably the most inconvenient thing that can happen to a traveler. We considered grabbing food nearby but didn't want to leave our bags for a considerable amount of time so we sat in the lobby discussing our (nonexistant) options before getting in line again. Not only did somebody completely switch lines and cut in front of me when I got to the front of the line but the person at the desk said nothing! Wow. Way to be. I was told by a much friendlier gentleman that there were no non-smoking rooms clean or ready and that it'd be about an hour. Desperate to freshen up and get our bags into a room, we took it. He said they would put us on a list for non-smoking room (you mean the one we booked months ago???) and we'd receive a phone call. Crabby and starving, my boyfriend and I arrived to our temporary floor and room. IT REEKED! The attempt to cover the cigarette smoke was a joke and made the odor worse. We thought about just checking out and going back to the Bellagio, where we had stayed a year earlier and enjoyed very much. We decided to stick it out for the afternoon.After calling 3 times and being told to call back in an hour, I was getting impatient. What is the point of booking a King room on a non-smoking floor if you aren't going to get it? I called for the last time and actually chose my words carefully. I said that I was calling about my new room (instead of asking for it) and they told me they had one ready and they'd update our key cards and we could go straight to our room. Reluctant to believe this news, I left the bags in the smoking room and went to the new room to make sure the key worked. If we dragged our bags there only to be locked out, I would have been livid. We noticed that in this temporary smoking room the name on the electronic hub control thing that controls the TV, lighting, blinds, etc. was NOT ours. We were in someone else's room? When we got to the new non-smoking room our name was on the controller. Who was in our room earlier? Very strange. The rest of the stay went smoothly. The pool is fantastic and the food is good. I encountered a very frustrating situation when I went to the business center to check in for our flight. I was told that I could print our boarding passes for free and that was great. However, I arrived a few minutes before I could check in so I was sitting at a computer killing a few minutes before I could log in. The man working there entered the small office area that I was sitting in and rudely said, "I THOUGHT you were printing your boarding passes. The internet is NOT free." Basically I was scolded by this man as he was very forward and rude. I apologized and clicked out of my personal email and waited a couple more minutes for the flight log in to open up. I sent my boarding passes to print and picked them up at the desk where I was greeted. The person working there was a younger gentleman and asked how everything went. I told him that aside from being scolded for opening the internet while waiting to sign in to Southwest Air, it was fine. He continued with the same bad attitude as the previous guy! I could not believe my ears. I told him very sarcastically, "Thanks for the great customer service, so sorry I was online for 3 minutes checking email while waiting to check in to my flight." He continued to be sarcastic and rude back to me. I was absolutely APPALLED. The very odd thing about this place is that some of the people there are very thorough, kind, and great at their jobs. Then there are a few rude, strange and unprofessional ones. It was very inconsistent and disheartening.We will not be back to the Aria or the City Center for that matter. We will indeed be back to the Bellagio next time.
4	I read some of the Aria reviews on yelp prior to making reservations and after just spending three nights there, the customer service problems just didn't exist. I was somewhat expecting a nightmare after reading these reviews but our stay was awesome.We stayed W,TH & F night and with a great internet rate and resort credit for the "Summer" package, our room was well below $100/night, even on Friday night which is hard to find in Vegas, let alone for a hotel of this caliber. The parking lot was a breeze. You pull in off Las Vegas Blvd and follow the signs to self parking or valet. We happened to use self and every time we returned we got a space very close to the elevator. Not hard to navigate at all.Check-in was very quick and friendly and we had our room within a few minutes. I will say that the woman at the desk mistakenly put a CC authorization through on my CC when I told her I didn't want to charge anything but  that was an honest mistake and never showed up on the bill.Pros:* Great architecture. Very post modern and seemed more like a beautiful hotel that happened to have a casino instead of the other way around.* Great scent of jasmine/vanilla pumped into the casino. Not overpowering like at Mandalay. * The only place we dined in the hotel was the Breakfast Buffet and it was fine for what it was, $15. I wasn't expecting caviar and pheasant under glass. Omelet bar, multiple carving stations, pastries, view of the pools and very good service.  * Gelato locations are great and make for a nice little break from the 105 degree weather.* Up until the last day, this is the only casino I actually won money at so that was an added bonus.Cons:* Three light bulbs were actually burned out in the room but a quick phone call to the desk resulted in them all being replaced by the next day and another $25 credit so not even sure this is a con.* While customer service was attentive and acceptable, you never get the feeling they're going out of their way to be friendly. Strictly just answer questions and that's pretty much it. People can come off as curt if they don't go the extra mile and the service here, while good, didn't go the extra "5 star" mile.* Tram has different stops depending on which side you board on. One side drops you at the Aria and the other stops at either Vdara or Monte Carlo so be careful to pay attention to the signs.* Crystal shopping area left me uninspired. Just another high end mall like you see at pretty much every upper end hotel, but designed more like a multi level shopping mall. Nothing special.I'm giving Aria 4 stars because overall it was a great experience with minimal issues. The reason it's not getting 5 is because it just doesn't seem like a 5 star hotel. Whether it's the not quite 5 star service or fact that every attention to detail isn't covered 110%, it seems like they're relying on the architecture to give it that 5th star and right now it's not quite there. Hopefully with a little more attention to detail, they'll get that 5th star.I would definitely return.
4	I had an excellent stay at Aria. I like the location, it's connected to the Bellagio and across from Planet Hollywood so even if it's a little slow, you have 2 awesome casinos nearby. The rooms are modern and having blinds open up with your alarm is a nice touch with the control4 remote.
1	First time visitor to CityCenter and Aria.Crystals is nothing special. Very plain looking as has been mentioned many times.As to Aria, for the most part we could hardly wait to get out of there.We were simply uncomfortable with the design. The overall feel is busy with too many curves, lines and architectural drama.It was very noisy with conversations floating all over the place.We were simply not impressed with the visual busyness, like everywhere you looked there was something different design wise going on, and it was disturbing.What stood out for me was coming down an escalator from upstairs where the Elvis theater is looking straight ahead you get the pleasure of seeing pipes and electrical boxes.Ten billion dollars and the worlds greatest designers and architects and what is visual from the escalator are pipes and electrical boxes.Amazing.I myself never liked the look and scope of CityCenter when it was under construction and I like it less now that I have been there. We're never going back, it's too big and too confusing and too upsetting to even be there.
4	The Aria is beautiful inside and out, it has only been open since December and it still has that lovely newness to it. Even in the depths of the casino it hardly smells like smoke (they perfume their air conditioners). Stayed in a king room with a baby and they brought up a CLEAN, set up pack n play and also a refrigerator for milk storage. Yes, the room is a bit techy but that's what makes it better than staying at an 80's throwback hotel (ahem NyNy). Will stay here again!
4	Aside from the parking and the weird casino layout that is very disorienting. I like the style, decor,design and ambiance of this place. The ventilation is awesome and it smells like vanilla everywhere. Some say it is too cold in there...but I do not mind it. The glass windows are unique. The restaurants look really nice. Everything matches. I really like this place.
5	i just currently came back from my Vegas trip for the first time ever!i have no complaints about my trip or this hotel!  one of my good friends recommended it and im glad i did positive-customer service at the front desk-quick with demands after making a phonecall-hotel room were very clean, wide, enjoyable-$100 credit on food/liqour-how can you beat that? -touchscreen television/music/lamp-moving curtains with a touch of a button-the bed was SOO AMAAZZZING & COMFORTABLE-"HAZE" night club located on the lower level! ; great DJ, great people, fun time, but LONG LINES: RSVP if you want to get in for free, no line, no wait!! or you will be waiting for a while! Free until 12am then -all you can eat "Buffet": the food was on point! there was no problems ! from Omlettes to King Crab Legs!-The pool was clean and had about 4 different opening areas-"Liquid lounge" is an adult pool for 21+ with a bar/food/dj. There is just a $20 cover charge.-the hotel is HUGEEE... def had a hard time finding the elevator/this /that...but it took some time to get use too.-of course the casino was a great experience and why not play Craps while gettin Comp drinks!-Negatives115 degree weather...but hey i came back with a great BRONZED TAN!-i dont have any! i had a great time! i will be back!
5	Aria is as good as it gets! The entire property is stunning. So different from anything else you will find on the Strip. The rooms are very luxurious. Best hotel bed that I have ever slept on! Nicely decorated. Spa like bathroom with a soaking tub. The remote system for the room was easy to use and was pretty darn cool. I read several people's complaints about the system not working, and we did not have those issues.Customer service was wonderful. Front desk, housekeeping, security and the employees in various shops were all warm and welcoming. Check in was quick and our room was ready right away, we even had a great view of the Strip!The casino is dark, but we liked it. It also smells great in there, and is probably the least smoky casino in Vegas.. Big plus!While we did not shop in Crystals (the mall connected to Aria), it was fun to walk through. City Center is a refreshing change on the Vegas Strip. Even if you chose to stay elsewhere (we never would!) you have to spend some time there admiring all of the design and the buildings. Very cool place!
4	Being underage (19) in vegas, all my sister could do was leave me at her friend's hotel room. hahaha. Basically the hotel room was crazy, it overlooked planet hollywood and other parts of the strip. It had auto everything, so with just a press of a button, everything would turn off or on. It had a big jacuzzi and smoked glass bathroom doors, hahaha. Overall, great hotel ROOM.
4	Nice casino, I love how its kind of dark. The Christopher Walken wall creeps me out, and I hate how my cell doesn't work in the Aria, but overall it's a nice casino to play in.
2	When I told people I was taking a trip to Las Vegas a few people told me to try the "$20 Trick" - i.e. slip a $20 to try to upgrade to a better room. Now, for anyone who actually knows me that is the exact opposite of the way I like to operate, but I do like to get wait I paid for.I booked this hotel through expedia and upon checkin was told that my reservation for two queen beds was actually only a request and that my only option was to go for a room with one king. Now, unfortunately, I was not staying with an attractive brunette, but two friends and one bed between three people doesn't go very far. However, the front desk told me they could send up a cot and the next night they would switch us over to a two queen room. Awesome, right? Except there was no cot when we returned to the room and when we call the front desk they were out, and the next night there were still no double queen bed rooms available. I was very polite about the whole thing (getting mocked by friends for doing so) and felt that the hotel was pretty unapologetic about the entire thing.Now, the room was pretty nice - brand new, modern and super clean. However, the main drawback of this hotel is that it's off from the strip so it adds another 5-10 minutes walking back to the hotel (which in 40+ degree weather when you are hungover feels like eternity.) That and the pool here is actually split into three pools (so there's no central area to hang out at) and opens late and closes fairly early.This hotel might appeal to an older crowd, but if you are younger and going with friends there are probably more convenient and better deals to be had. On previous trips I stayed at the paris and the venetian and both were much better in terms of value/customer service in my opinion.
3	Really nice because everything is so new.  My slick $20 trick did NOT work this time around... oh well.  The hotel itself is nice and the layout isn't too bad.  The back entrance is very nice, as it is QUITE less crowded than the strip entrance.  One thing I love about the place was the staff.  I'm talking the poker dealers to the valets to the house keeping service.  I had great experiences with all of the staff that was here.  The clientele of the hotel was mixed and frankly speaking we didn't spend too much time here as we ended up at the Bellagio 90% of the time.  The poker room was quite generous with the Player Club card points.  Sat for four hours at the 1/3 holdem table and had a comped buffet at the Bellagio the next day.  YMMV of course.  Crystals next door I could care less for, but the monorail to the Bellagio was perfect.  The rooms themselves were very nice.  Nicely sized, good decor, and large bathrooms.  The panoramic windows are a wonderful touch as is the automation throughout the room.  I liked how everything turns on the first time you enter.  Its a nice feature.  Other than that the system is a bit clunky, but I liked the ability to program the shades in the morning so you can actually wake up to the sunlight.I would NOT have stayed here paying over $200-$300 a night.  I got in on the MGM Players club Summer Deal for significantly less.  That being said for the price paid, the stay was nice.The bakery on the main floor was spectacular.  You will never look at another grocery store croissant the same way again....
2	In all fairness this is a review in progress as we visited it last December after only being open 5 days. Many things currently discussed as sore points below were there when we went. Slow check in with many unhappy people. Our room was a long hike and it looked as if someone had thrown a handful of popcorn on the floor. Ice machines had power but no water supply so even though we were assured some were working scoured 3 floors. After staying at Bellagio, more than once including the high $$suite, Wynn, Encore, Palazzo, to name a few, Aria came in last.Fast forward to Sunday coming and after I wrote a letter they've offered a free night in a sky tower suite (with limo pick up) and 3 more nights @ $149...to make amends.Stay tuned for part 2.
2	We stayed in a comp'ed standard room thanks to my gf's awesome parents.The room was kinda small, the 2 beds took up most of the room. Very modern contemporary & spotless design and layout, but surprisingly their attempt at making everything remote-controlled in the room is truly an utter disaster.I mean it's a cool a idea to have one master control to close/open curtains, turn lights on/off, turn the tv on/off, scratch ur ass, etc etc - but when the master control has problems loading and doesn't work, it gets pretty annoying!When we got back one night, we couldn't close the curtains before going to sleep. Yes, we had to call room service & they sent engineers to take care of the problem. Not cool at all.Their beds are super comfy & it felt like I was sleeping on a cloud.The pool here wasn't bad; not huge but not too small, and they go about 3.5 feet at deepest, they have a main bar and waitresses walking around to take orders (they kinda took a while to bring the drinks).Makers of Aria, please invest a little more time & effort into the IT department.
2	Vegas for a weekend getaway...great!Let's see what Mr. Wynn has for us at the City Center.. the sharp design and neon lights were breathtaking!! My only complain is the front desk lady/check-in.  2 queen size bedroom 4 days/3 nights.  We arrived at 9pm, expecting our room to be ready.  The lady at the front desk said our room should be ready but the room is not cleaned.  Ok, she told us it should take 10-15 mins (to wait for managers approval on the cleanliness of the room before we checked in).  We can move to a 1 King bedroom , 2 queen size bed smoking room or wait.  We decided to wait.I just want to check-in, drink, party and gamble. The front desk lady was being so rude, not apologetic at all.  I asked when the last guest check out, she said 5pm.  Ok, so there is 4 hours to clean a room and it's still not finished.  She made us wait 45 minutes while she "talks" with her supervisor.  Her reply, "This happens to all of the hotels in Vegas." Are you sure? We checked in at 9pm and you are still overbooked. When I stayed at Venetian and Encore there were no problems.  In fact, the check in was so smooth that I enjoyed my stay there than Aria. The lady even had the nerve to tell me to check the fine print on the website that rooms are not guaranteed. At this point I was so heated that I wanted to leave..period. I work in customer service as well, you do not cold-heartedly dismiss guests/customers like that.  At the very least you can say it is out of your control and apologize.Would I come back here? Most likely not.  The interior looks old, who decided to have dark brown as their wall panels? I felt like I was in a UPS nightmare. Hopefully other guests will have a better time checking in and if you do, do get the Strip View. Checking out is quite old school.  We thought you can check out via the TV; but not at Aria. You would need to fill out a card and drop your room keys into a box. They do need to check in the Key box before calling me and telling me that I will be billed for an extra day since I have not checked out.  I was already back home by the time they called me. I check in late and check out early to be courteous, however both times I get faulted.
2	Aria was a major disappointment - bottom line! Yes, the hotel itself is beautifully designed. And yes, the rooms are nice (when you actually are able to get to them). But guest services for check-in and check-out were horrible. We spent 3 hours checking into our room. First time they told us they didn't have the room type we originally reserved and put us in a King smoking room, but told us we could change it in the morning. We said fine. We get to our room and the card keys do not work. We come down and wait another 40 minutes to get the keys reactivated, then go all the way back up to the 15th floor to find out they gave us someone's room. Good thing my friends and I are not stealers because we had complete access to the room, which is completely unacceptable for any guest. So we go down a final time and wait again, almost an hour, to speak to a manager to get us our rooms. We ended up getting one night comped and $175 worth of resort credit in the room type we initially reserved but it still wasn't worth all the drama we had to go through to get it. But the drama didn't end there...for the three nights we stayed there, housekeeping did not come by once to clean our rooms, so I constantly had to track down a cleaning lady to get fresh towels for the day. And when we checked out, they were trying to charge us again for the extra night they comped us. Crazy! In the end of course they had to go back through their system and talk to yet another manager before clearing our balance with their codes. So morale of this story: do not stay at Aria!! You will be disappointed.
4	Just came here over the weekend for a friends birthday, first time staying here!The hotel was very futuristic, great aesthetics inside and out. Great restaurants, definitely a bit pricey. A nice meal at the Blossoms Restaurant for 8 people was about $5,000. We stayed at the Aria Sky Suites which has private elevators, so it makes you feel pretty special :) Haha! The 2 Bedroom Penthouse was beautiful, equipped with 2 big bedrooms, 2 nice restrooms, a living room, dining room, and bar. The bathrooms had really neat bathtubs right smack in the middle with a button on the side you push for bubbles, Neat-O! And there's also a remote that looks like a picture frame that sits on the night stand that controls the T.V., Air Conditioning, Lights, The Sheer blinds and Blackout Curtains throughout the entire suite. Pretty advanced stuff :)There is also a private limousine pickup location that is right next to the Aria Sky suites elevator and private entrance which is quite handy if you'd like to stay low profile. The Casino I must say is a different story. The dealers don't seem to be that friendly, almost as machine-like as the technology goes with the hotel amenities. I would definitely recommend going elsewhere to gamble, preferably the Bellagio!There's also a pretty neat futuristic tram that takes you from the Aria, to the Crystal Shopping Center, and to the Bellagio. It's located right by the Valet pickup location next to the Coffee place. Just be prepared to be in some heat until the tram comes (about every 8 minutes) because the tram entrance is out in the open. Cool thing is that it is free! All in all, a great hotel to stay in and be pampered. Bad news is definitely the casino. Club Haze in Aria is pretty awesome too! That's it, Cheers!! :)
3	I stayed at Aria because my friends said that this is the newest and fanciest hotel in Vegas. Being able to get a pretty deal per night, my bf and I shared a room with another couple.We got the the hotel around 8pm.... and was told that there were no more double rooms.. when we had requested one online (although we were told it is only a preference).... all they had were king beds left....Meanwhile.. our friends get in at 8:15... and they somehow get the LAST double bed room......... doesn't seem right.There was no way we could stay in a room with 1 king size bed.. for two couples? My bf and my friend's bf spoke to several people.. argued for about 45 minutes, was told that the hotel was 90% capacity and 100% capacity the next day... etc etc.. just lots of excuses.At the end of all of it... there was some sort of compromise that made us all satisfied, including a cot in the room and a discount by the hotel. I would have rather just got what we had requested in the first place without all the hassle.The room was pretty but nothing extravagant.. the only above the top highlight was  the curtains that opened as you walked in.The interior is very fancy with laser cut pieces, and high ceilings.imho, I would stay at another hotel next time for the shopping and more traditional and well known vegas highlights.
3	Part 2 (part 1 written 7/31): The makeup trip.Customer service offered us one night comped and rest @$149 in sky tower suites. The bottom line was the wife didn't like it so we won't be back. My mistake thinking Sky Tower suites was a tower of suites, like Encore, Palazzo etc. They gave us a deluxe view room which at 520 sq ft seemed small compared to Encore (our last stay). To upgrade they wanted $400 night for next size up.Aside from the room I thought it wasn't a bad deal. There were lots of pluses from the stay. The stretch limo pick up, half a dozen people waiting outside to greet you by name and escort you in,fast pleasant check in and again escorted to the room. Choc dipped strawberries waiting and nice note from customer service.For me the best part was the lobby, free coffee, sodas, juices, snacks 24/7. 4-9pm the opened up the liquor cabinet. All premium stuff. Not exactly help yourself but they will pour you at least a double shot. Taking back to the room had 3 bottles figi water, 2 bottles sparking water, 2 bottles tonic, a triple shot bombay saphirre, 6 choco dipped strawberries, 3 oz blue cheese and crackers (there were a few of us).Price that in the gift store and you can see that $149 rate enable us to skip a meal. 3rd day stay they changed policy and only wine. Taxi driver who's wife works there said their earning report just came out.At sky tower they give you vip line pass for buffet and cafe. Great around 10:45, line very long. Not so much of a buffet fan in general as have small appetite but we did it twice for for convenience. Alaskan crab legs the big draw. Prime rib tasty. Champagne brunch good. Just never figured out why they would walk off with my glass and vanish to fill it. Hope they didn't have it on tap in the back??Pools were really nice. Great security guard keeping the non guests out but making it fun and not looking like an asshole.Machines were ridiculous. I barely played VP there. Payscale like 7/5 and so tight. Drinking one beer at the bar playing slow could drop $30.Saved playing for a trip downtown.All architecture looks great, staff very friendly it's just that vanilla fragrance that gets sickly very quickly. Bellagio has a 'hint' of fragrance, a much better idea.Ate at the Sky Box place next to sportsbar. Nice comfort food well done and not over priced. Had the best bloody mary ever. The use a super hot Indian chilli pepper. Has a real nice kick. ($12)While we won't be back I can't see any reason to not recommend it, especially if you can afford a suite in sky tower.
3	Aria is a huge and beautiful hotel but I felt lost in their hotel.  There is a lot of empty space on the promenade level and in the mall next door is 20% occupied so it sometimes feels like you are walking through a ghost town during non-peak hours.  When you first walk into the hotel you are enveloped by the Aria scent which is pumped through the air.  The scent is a tad strong, but it masks the cigarette smoke.  And their air flow system is so good that your  clothes don't smell like cigarette after you spend some time on the casino floor.   We were second in line for check-in but still had to wait a good 15 minutes.  Our check-in agent was super friendly but when I went back to the desk a couple hours later to retrieve my room number (which I had forgotten), the agent at the desk was full of attitude.  She insinuated I wasn't listed on the room and that I wasn't an guest.  When I asked her to check other spellings (Ericka, Erika), she finally found my name and gave me my room number WITHOUT any apologies for being so rude. As for the rooms, they are very spacious.  I love the one-touch system that turns your lights on/off and open/close the curtains  in one touch.  However, if you are a germaphobe like me, they use a generic comforter which I'm sure isn't washed until it "visibly" looks dirty.
5	My family was invited to stay at Aria several times and finally accepted the offer for free rooms.  I am so happy that they did!  It is beautiful and the room is so great.  From the moment you walk in, you realize it is going to be different.  The casino is classy and modern.  It is perfect.  I feel right at home with the modern dark woods and stainless steel accents.  The security at the elevators was great.  The Jean Phillips Pattiserie next to the elevators means you never have to leave the hotel hungry or thirsty and allows you to grab a quick snack till midnight.  The rooms are perfect.  The control 4 system is easy as pie.  If you can use a smart phone, you will be fine.  I am spoiled now, and will want a control 4 system at home now.  There is a beautiful shower and our view was great.  We would live to get a condo here...maybe some day we will.  There seems to be time left to buy in.The dealer that we had for the spin the wheel thing, Nic was so lovely.  He was very interesting to talk to and was very helpful with playing the game my first time.  It was relaxed and a newly married couple filtered through from Australia as well as a couple from Mexico City that won $800.  The shopping at Aria is great and I would love to pick a few things up I am eyeing including a solar powered backpack and Dior slides.  Also on my wish list are some spa clothes. (That is were they hide the nice comfy Aria brand merch.).  The mall is a fantasy.  It has little tornados in tubes of water and computerized ice sculptures, a 2 story Tiffany and Louis Vuitton.  The Xerasacaping around City Center is the best I've seen, even living in LA.  I am a fan of Aria and hope to come back soon.  I will try the shuttle to Bellagio tonight from Crystals tonight to see the gardens there and then go up the Eiffel tower to see the fountains.  Last night at Aria is going to be great!
4	Just cracks me up when i read reviews from people who are complaining about this hotel because they were hungover and couldn't deal with the light. Come on. Maybe don't get so drunk next time and you'll enjoy it more. I stayed here at the end of March and was quite pleased. The room was nice with a few flaws I admit but mostly was a good value and I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. My favorite part of the hotel was the sundry shop downstairs which is open 24 hours and offers an incredible selection of items from food to gifts to booze and anything else you might think of. The coffee bar at Aria is also excellent. More upscale than a Starbucks for sure and the coffee drinks were great.
2	Rooms are spacious, great bed & bath. If you're looking for customer service, friendly check-in staff, you're knocking on the wrong door. Examples of the lack of customer service and convenience: shuttles from the airport drop in the rear of the hotel, so you need to hike thru the entire casino, luggage in tow, to reach the desks; taxi's drop off at the front door, but you have to hike to the other side of the hotel to catch a taxi; the pool staff clear your towels you leave to save your seat, WHILE YOU ARE SWIMMING!, then you have to return to the towel section located in 1 spot at the end of the 6 pools; the room replenishers come separately for everything: fridge re-stock, Aria chips water & snacks, cleaning, then in-room dining retrieval. On Saturday, we had 4 separate people knock on our door in a 2 hour period, after the room had already been cleaned. The prices are over the top. They charge you for absolutely everything. This wouldn't be a problem if the rooms weren't so expensive. As for the restaurants in house, wow! If you wish for fine dining or even a step below, you'd better win the lottery. The employees who really work are great! The Bellagio, Wynn, Hotel at Mandalay Bay are worth the expense, Aria just doesn't cut it.
4	The Aria is a very clean and modern hotel.  There's nothing fancy about this hotel, but don't get me wrong...I can appreciate clean and beautiful and new.  I went here for a work conference and the amenities are top notch.  Cool thing: the tv is the hub for lighting, curtains, thermostat, alarm clock, as well as the tv.  You can use the tv remote to control all of that from the comforts of your bed.  I set the alarm for 7:30 am and I programmed the tv, the curtains, and certain lights to turn on at that time.  Pretty cool.  The pool large.  The sportsbook was small.  The buffet was your typical buffet but I must say that the quality of food was high. I would recommend this hotel and I would definitely come back again and stay.
4	Well, considering that Aria is a fairly new hotel and I;m not too experienced with Vegas Baby or "Lost Wages" or Las Vegas, formally known....great hotel! We stayed at a Penthouse Suite...thank you to my honey for making it possible and trying to make my bday as best ever. Great Hotel, barely smell any smoke, clean, housekeeping is wonderful. Customer service...great, but keep in mind we stayed on the sky suites side. Although here's some cons...they say free buffett...it's not free buffet at their buffet, it;s free buffet like little concierge food in the morning and day like just muffins, drinks, cookies, croissants...but hey free drinks! They're sinks and bathtubs look good, but water splashes everywhere, pool is only up to 3 1/2 feet and the freaking life guards are strict as heck on no foul play! Man, no chicken fights...aarghhh!!!! Trust me I tried, the whistle was blown at us....should've went to the Monte Carlo's pool side. Hmmm...oh and in one of the rooms of our 2 bedroom, the jacuzzi did not work nor did the steamer or the tv....yowzahs! Aside from all that, clean, breathable, good customer service, for right now good pricing...2400 for 4 days, 3 nights...limo to and from airport, personal concierge, nice stay. Its nice and one of the best for Vegas right now. The amenities are good, what I absolutely love, they provide toothbrush, toothpaste, shavers forr you! I'm not used to that, so that was great!
5	the hotel is gorgeous and the beds r soo comfy its a fab hotel wonderful experience
1	This posting should have been posted a while ago, but my experience here was SOOO horrible, I never wanted to think about this place again after leaving in April.I come to Vegas quite a bit and stayed at many casinos and had a great time.  Well I came back this year in April for my 30th Bday and second Bachelorette Party with my girlfriends.  We decided to go with Aria and try it out since it was the new and upcoming and upscale casino that was suppose to be great.Wellll......to keep this posting short, I'll highlight the things that was REALLY horrible...When we arrived to the hotel, we didn't get there until about 4pm..The outside was beautiful! Great start right? And then we walked in...The line in the lobby to check in was really long, so we thought that they were just really busy and it was a good sign with all the people there.  They had every single window open to help the customers.  After waiting in line for about 30 mins, we notice the line wasn't moving at all and the line next to ours was not either..After another 30 mins! We finally got to the window and gave them our name and said we had two rooms reserved with two queen beds...He then told us that our room was NOT ready and available and that it wouldn't be until about 10pm...YES! I said 10pm!We thought we heard wrong and asked him to repeat it and give us a reason WHY...well it seems as though the new casino decided to overbook their customers and end up not having enough room for everyone.  We found out that this was not just happening to us, but a whole lot of other people too.  So with about 6 girls that just arrived with tons of luggage with us, we were NOT happy.  We made it very clear that we were NOT leaving until they give us at least ONE room right then..(trying to be understanding and giving them time to give us the second room later on for the OTHER 6 girls arriving the following day)  So finally he found us a room...we took the elevator up to the floor our room was on and as soon as the elevator opened up, you can smell the HEAVY scent of cigarettes! URGHHH...it was SOOO strong, i instantly got a headache just walking a few steps into the hallway towards our room.  We just thought that someone might have just smoked one before we got there...We were wrong! He gave us our room on the smoking floor instead of non smoking which we kept reminding him to make sure its not mistaken.  So 30 mins later, they fixed it and found us another room on the right floor and when we entered, there was only ONE king size bed instead of two queens.  So we called and all they can tell us is that its the only room available and that when the other room with two beds become available, we will get switched immediately....THIS NEVERRRRR happened all weekend.  to cut the story short, 12 of us girls stayed in two rooms with one king size bed and a roll away bed for the whole weekend.  OHHH, andddd the two rooms were on opposite ends of each other.   They have the WORST customer service and housekeeping.  Forget about turning your bed, you'll be lucky to get clean towels or see a maid on your floor! It was horrible and all they can do to TRY and make us happy was comp us $50 for each room...it was horrific considering how much they charge per night.  The price is up there with the Wynn and Bellagio..We would NEVER would have had this problem there and if we did, it would have been dealt with and resolved immediately.  So i highly do NOT recommend for anyone to stay here...Unfortunately for them P.S.The one star was for the pool and pina colda drink I had BY the pool.  Lucky for them, it would have been ZERO stars..
4	The Aria was the first Las Vegas hotel at which I've stayed, so I may be a bit biased.  All in all, it was a fantastic experience, especially for a bachelor party.Arriving was a pain, and it took forever to find the front desk from the airport shuttle drop off.  I looked past that after seeing the sea of cars waiting for valet in front of the other hotels.  Once at check in, it took a full 30mins of waiting before we were offered a room.  All that angst however metled away when my friend and I were upgraded to the SkySuites for the whole trip.  The SkySuites at Aria is something else.  Private elevators, great views, complimentary private limo service to the aiport , and get this - a private complementary bar and pantry for SkySuite guests.  Every night I was there I had a full dram of Johnny Walker Black, poured by yours truly.  Our "suite" was really just a very very nice double room, but it felt upscale even compared to our bachelor's actual suite.The nightclub Haze was a decent time.  My friends got hassled a bit because we didn't bring in any girls, but since we got comp'd by the hotel, there wasn't much to complain about.  Beers and mixed drinks were expensive, but the high end stuff (like Johnny Walker Gold) was cheaper than in ATL bars so I stuck with that.  If you are gonna pay $25  for a drink - better one full glass of quality booze than two of watered down cocktail swill.  There was a lot of high end talent at the club, but most of them were hanging at the tables.  Seriously, if you are planning a Vegas trip in advance - just budget in getting a table.  It's worth it.  The brunch buffett was pretty good - lots of high quality and tasty choices.  I also liked the steakhouse, the steaks were overpriced but cooked to perfection.I don't gamble, but the casino wasn't all that smoky, and there were some awesome lounges and bars surrounding it that I wish we had time to visit.  Maybe next time.For a first time-er to Vegas, the Aria did manage to impress.
1	people working there were pulled from there other locations such as mirage mgm nyny.... and there allll sooooo rude.... unlike encore
4	I just got back from three nights at Aria. We stayed in one of the Sky Suites. You get complimentary limo service to and from the airport, so that was a plus. Our driver was right there on the dot, waiting for us at the airport. You also get private check in, away from the crowds in the main lobby, also a plus.The suite was gorgeous, but after a while we realized the room temps were at 80 degrees plus, and would not go down. We called the concierge and they said they were having a/c issues. We changed to another Sky Suite, but the temps in there never got below 75 degrees. So we were pretty hot the whole time, inside and outside. Another issue was housekeeping never came one day, even though we had the 'service please' button on all day. The sinks in the bathroom are so shallow that water splashes out when you run the faucet. On the plus side, bathroom was gorgeous, and the toilet seat was heated. The toilet also had a built in 'bidet', where you could wash and dry your front or back, if you know what I mean. (this is a family friendly site!! lol)We went to see Viva Elvis at the theater, show was excellent and the theater was very plush. We ate at the buffet one night and the food was very good. All the service people we came acoss were friendly and helpful Overall I would recommend this hotel in spite of a few 'glitches'.
4	My opinion is only valid for the pool.We got invited to a pool party at Liquid. Got VIP passes so it was free. Got escorted to our very own cabana/daybed (which rent out for $1000 if you actually pay).1. Great decor. Modern. Clean. Fresh. Simple.2. Temperate pool. Not too hot. Not too cold.3. Great hostess (some chick with spiky bleached blond hair). There was some mixup about getting us our can cabana, and she made sure to fix things so that we got our own (esp. when she thought we were leaving).4. Not too crowded. They definitely do a good job of crowd control.
5	Staying at Aria was a great experience.  I was able to upgrade my basic room to a 1 Bedroom Sky Suite and boy was it worth it.  We loved our room.  The bed was so comfortable and the floor plan of the suite was awesome.    There was plenty of room.  The view was incredible.  We overlooked the pools and several other hotels.  Absolutely gorgeous view at night.  The hospitality of the hotel employees was wonderful.  We were picked up and dropped off at Henderson Executive Airport in a brand new Limousine.  There were snacks and beverages available throughout the day in the Sky Suite Lounge.  Kind of nice for water, cokes and coffee so you don't have to pay expensive prices in the hotel.  The food and amenities in this hotel were absolutely amazing.  We so did not want to leave.
2	Looking at Aria I was prepared to be impressed but it was really lacking. I love the decor and style of the hotel. They are really into textures and utilizing a variety of materials and everything is really spacious but it can be kind of confusing to walk around in. The cashier section is not really clearly directed to and I spent 15 minutes wandering before I was able to find it.The room is average. Smaller than Palazzo but about the same size as MGM - however our room had a magnificent view since we had a corner room. It took forever to walk there from the elevator but it was worth it to have the view we had. The sofa was a L shaped one but it could fit about 4 and wasn't really comfy- not the best when you have friends relaxing there. It also had two bathrooms which was really nice. Also invite your friends over to try the toilet!!! haha... I know it is funny and might even sound weird but OMG... It is one of those special Japanese high tech ones that has a warmed seat, special jets to cleanse your front AND back, and a dryer to make sure you are nice and clean. I am definitely getting one of these in MY bathroom at home!The pool was also really disappointing. We went to Liquid (the 21 and over pool party) and unless you know someone or are getting bottle service, be prepared to pay $50/person. The pool area is also pretty small- bigger than Tao Beach but significantly smaller than Wet Republic and not even comparable to Encore Beach Club. My girls and I got in but there was barely anyone there on a Sunday afternoon so decided to chill at the regular pools. Aria has 3 separate pools and I saw one jacuzzi. The cabanas look like little outhouses or small changing rooms. You can have the privacy you want since there is a curtain that you can enclose your cabana with.For all of its style, I prefer staying at Palazzo or Wynn and even though they have a few clubs there I don't think it can compare to XS or the Encore Beach Club
3	I fell in love with this hotel but on this past visit, I fell out of love. I still love being greeted with the Vanilla smell right when you walk through the door. However, service was super slow and horrible. My friends and I arrived there after driving for 4-5 hours so we were tired. It was a Friday night so you would expect that they would have more people at the front desk. It wasn't even crowded but it took FOR-FREAKIN-EVER to move and check in. We had requested and even placed a despoit for 2 double queens but they messed up and sold out of those so they gave us 1 king. Fine fine I can deal with that. I requested a room closest to the elevators, they gave a room that was in the boonies! Seriously the 2nd to last room at the farthest end of the hallway possible. WTF?! So we finally went upstairs and trekked our way to our room... guess what. THE KEYS DIDN'T WORK! Greeeeaaatttt! Fantabulous. We called front desk and they said they will send someone from security to open the door for us. After waiting for a while, the security guy just came. He was rude and told us we had to call front desk to get new keys. He didn't want to open the door at first. That's why you're there buddy! Coz we called front desk and they said YOU would open the door for us. The room is small and the bathroom barely has any counter space. I'm going back to Palazzo or Venetian next time. I thought Aria was going to be my new hotel in Vegas. I was just caught by infatuation for the newness of it. Palazzo or Venetian are bigger, service is way better. I'm going back to you my loves! =)
4	I was at Aria for an Aflac territory conference over the last week end. The convention food was like gourmet restaurant style, VERY GOOD! We had a filet one evening, which would have been equivalent to a $50 steak at a gourmet steak house - perfect. The rooms were one of the BEST hotel stays ever. Aria has the most comfortable beds. I was impressed by the latest technology in the room, the cleanliness, etc. It doesn't feel like the typical Vegas casino/hotel, much classier.The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because of the Cafe Vettro. We had breakfast there the last day of the stay and the waiter took forever to approach the table, the eggs came out cold and the flavor wasn't very good. Truthfully, I could have had a better meal at a Cocos or IHOP.
1	I stayed here before, here is my second review. Not so good.Worst check in process on the strip. They should have a line like at the bank instead up walk up to any counter. Checked in took 1 hour. Got to smoke smelling room dirty room. Called front desk to switch. Within 6 minutes a couple walks in on me and my guest in the room. Moved to a bad room with no view. 1. Beds are way to soft. - Couldn't sleep had back aches.2. $4.50 for a soda?3. No free internet?4. Rude employeesDo not stay here! It is by far the worst.
4	I stayed here for the first time last week. I completely loved it!! The room is beautiful. Everything is very new and updated. touch screen remote that controls the entire room. Bathroom is gorgeous! Great place. The only thing I didn't like, the pillow was a bit too soft. But it's just a pillow, so who gives. Oh, and the check in line TAKES FOREVER!! ps. It was our anniversary and they said they would send up a complimentary bottle of champagne... we never got it. so we called and asked, they said 24 hours after we booked the room. and still NOTHING!
4	I was so skeptical of City Center... and after a passing glance after opening, I really wasn't too impressed with any of the offerings.But after an opportunity to spend a few nights in the Aria, I was seriously impressed.  Decent room size, given how many they managed to squeeze into the building.  Everything was modern and elegant, as one would hope for something surrounded by so much hype.  The casino level is adequate, not an impressive space to be sure.  No real late night snack options, which was quite disappointing... but enough dining options during regular hours that you could eat here the whole trip and not be disappointed (but I don't recommend it... so many other awesome places to hit up).  Over all, a positive experience, just lacked that WOW factor of other newer establishments.
4	This was my first time here because my friend's parents get their rooms, and restaurants comped and free concert tickets.  Driving up to the front of the Aria is pretty impressive.. kinda reminded me of watching those movies which showed old Las Vegas and its casinos.  The rooms were nice..  all computerized.  But one of the annoying things was there were no outlets next to the beds so you could plug in your phone.  Also, a little strange to me was the tub being in the same area as the shower.. but I guess after you take a bath you could climb out and get your shower before ever leaving the "wet" area.  The bed was comfortable for being a fairly firm bed and the pillows were divine for a back and side sleeper like me.  One of the other things I noticed about the Aria was in the casino, I didn't smell a hint of smoke or stale smoke.  They must have an amazing ventilation system in there.  The adjoining mall area.. Crystals was empty.  I'm not sure how this place will stay open but I guess only time will tell.  Overall, I'd stay here again.. especially if its comped.  :)
5	Hotel - Our hotel stay was great and gets 5 stars. We checked in early, so we didn't get stuck in line.  We checked out over the phone, so we avoided the lines there too! And I even called casino marketing to get my comp over the phone. The hotel is beautifully designed. The rooms are comfortable and the technology is awesome. Our room was on the 36th floor and had a great view of the mountains. I liked that the elevators were attended. The hotel has a great location on the strip and aot of other hotels, casinos and restaurants were within walking distance. There is also a tram that will go to other City Centre or MGM properties.Casino - I give the casino 4 stars. Definitely a place to be seen. They have 12 crap tables which were all busy on a Saturday night. The blackjacks games were ok and I was able to find a good table here and there, but there were some times when the tables looked very depressing.  Cocktail service was pretty good during the prime hours, but got really slow during the late night/early morning shift.  You have to play $25/hand to be rated, but this is the case at all MGM casinos.
3	The Aria and City Center look like something out of the futuristic Minority Report or video game. Clean, sleek, modern, and industrial. The addition of the tram, makes it even look more futuristic. The fountains and curved waterfall frame the wonderful main entrance to the hotel. There is a nice reflecting pool that is located behind the front desk outside. It helps connect the high end mall Crystals (http://www.yelp.com/biz/crystals-las-vegas) to the Aria.The casino space has a dark ambiance around it. The light opens up when you head towards any entrance to the hotel/casino though. I thought it was alright. Their hotel store is huge. If you can't find something in there, you're not looking hard enough. What gets you is the immense size of the project though. The hotels, casinos, resort hotels, condos, shopping mall, tram, and parking structures all pretty much went up at once. That's Vegas for you. Overnight sensations. It's really impressive.Hopefully one of these days we'll get to stay down there. It's actually still being constructed and stores and restaurants are starting to filter into the area. So for right now, just visiting and passing though... I'd give it a sold 3 stars.
5	Just recently stayed here for a 2 nights. I might say this has been the best hotel i have stayed at so far. Stayed in a 2 Bedroom Penthouse Sky Suite worth the money. You get treated like royalty. I checked in at about 11am. We were escorted on a tour of the main casino floor and given a brief description of the shops & restaurants. When u get to the double doors you have security awaiting to greet you. You must have a "Sky Suite" key card to access these elevators. Then theirs the lounge w/ free beverages & snacks provided through out the whole day w/ no limit. Finally we get to our room and the room is amazing, when u first walk in everything in the room lights up TV's go on, lights all the curtains open up automatically. And the view is spectacular! especially the night view. Your get 2 time house keeping during the day. Overall i give this hotel 5 stars for service. I have found my home away from home at "The Aria".
1	I go to Vegas at least 3-4 times a year. I have stayed at the Bellagio, Wynn, Paris, Mirage, Caesar's and the list goes on and on. With Aria, the hotel is too big and the staff is not capable of handling the number of guests - so they choose to ignore the guest's requests. When I was talking to the cab drivers, they mentioned that they also had heard the same complaint about Aria from multiple travelers.Aria is by far the worse place I have stayed when I look at my list. The service is absolutely terrible. We got there and we waited for an 1 hr to check in. When we finally go to the receptionist, we were promised 2 double beds and the hotel then decided to let us know that they don't have any rooms with doubles left. Simple requests were just completely ignored by the staff. Once we got to the room, we asked for luggage to be sent up and 1.5 hrs later the luggage finally came to our room. When we went to eat at the local restaurant in the hotel, elements (i think), the waiter was just plain rude. For example, one of us asked for more ranch dressing and he pointed to the fact that I had some dressing for my salad and that my friend should just use that. What kind of waiter does that - the waiter's name was Angel.Anyways, we ordered room service and the food showed up 2 hrs later. I don't understand how food can show up that late and then once again we had issues at checkout where the hotel tried nickel and diming us.I think the hotel was average by normal stardards, but when I go to a 5-star hotel in Vegas, I want to be WOWed. I would absolutely stay away from this hotel UNLESS of course the rooms are dirt cheap.
5	Very clean and comfortable rooms.  It was the most modern hotel I've ever stayed at.  The bathroom was really nice with frosted and clear glass "rooms" for the toilet and shower/whirlpools.  The curtains were remote controlled...simple, but still pretty darn impressive.  As with everything in Vegas, they make you walk forever.  We self parked, which was easy, but the hike with luggage to the rooms was pretty epic.  Also, the directions were not clearly marked initially.  Once we were there and checked in, it all made sense.
1	When i got to the room, 7 of the lights did not work. 4 in the bathroom ( 2 lights in the shower), the floor lamp, 1 light above the bed, and 1 night table light. plus my night table phone was broken. what kind of hotel leaves a room pretty much broken? I called for a room change and I got a smoking room on the 24th floor because it was all they had available... and they were not apologetic at all, instead they seemed more annoyed. the people that work here also do not respect the lit up "PRIVACY" sign in front of your door. I was knocked on 3 times by their stupid workers. "Can i change your bar?" "can i change your AC filter?" "can i clean your room?"
1	Terrible service.The hotel decor is decent.  It's clean and modern and they have a fancy remote control where you can close the curtains (that don't actually shut out the daylight or lights on the strip).Check-in took forever.  It was a busy Sunday I guess, so I'll give them that.  We stayed 2 nights and they DIDN'T SERVICE OUR ROOM.  Well, that is until I called twice to complain.  I had to call at 1 am on our 2nd night.  i called the front desk and she said, "You want someone to come NOW?"  Uh no, I'm calling at 1 am so someone can come at 4 am.  YES COME NOW.She said someone would be there in 30 minutes, so we went downstairs and came back up at 2 am to a still dirty room.  Only when I called them a 2nd time did they send someone.  We weren't able to sleep until 3:30 am that night thanks to the busy hotel staff.The bed is also way too soft, I felt like I was sinking in it the whole time.  If you like a 12-inch thick pillow top and bad service, maybe you should stay at the Aria.
4	After staying at Aria 4x...It's finally time to give them a little more credit. Maybe they have been paying attention to bad reviews, because I saw a dramatic change this weekend.1st Visit - Read my first Review.2nd Visit - Better than my first visit 3.5 / 5 Stars3rd Visit - Did not have a higher floor available. Requested in advanced, was offered a 4th Floor Room. Front desk gave me a handicap room at a higher floor and said it was the same as the other rooms minus the tub. It was very misleading, because the bathroom was smaller because it did not have a double sink. I had to change room the next day. --- 3 / 5 Stars.Most Recent Visit - You're probably wondering why I keep coming back. The only reason why I keep coming back is because the Casino is paying for my room and it is the nicest free room I have available to me. +Checked in Friday Morning at 12:30 A.M and was still able to get a 52nd Floor Room+Valet Parking was extremely efficent and friendly. They even opened my girlfriend's door. First time anyone has ever done this!+Fast Check-ins. The first 2 visits were so slow. Insanely slow, but this time, it was so smooth. Check-ins as fast as Encore.+Service Staff - Bumping into staff members in previous stays were awkward. All the hallway staff members greeted me & were very sincere.+Casino hosts were very understanding. Some of my comp hours weren't accounted for (because the stupid Pai Gow pit boss had something against me). She took care of it and gave me some Food & Beverage comp.The only complaint I have was the Pai Gow pit bosses. They didn't like me very much, I know their names too. My session wasn't compensated correctly. Thanks to a White guy name Matt and the other gentleman named James. James actually fixed part of my play time for me, but not all of it. I knew Matt was out to get me. Seriously FU Matt. Thank God I didn't let you ruin my trip.
4	the aria smells very very good  i like it.
4	The rooms in Aria definitely don't compare to the Venetian suites, but the actual hotel itself is gorgeous. I enjoyed my stay at Aria, but one thing I could not stand all weekend long was Aria's choice of scent. The moment I stepped into the lobby, I was suffocated with an over powering blanket of vanilla. Vanilla borderline baby prostitute. It disappointed me to have to see such a beautiful place plagued with such a horrendous smell.But despite that minor letdown, Aria was amazing. Our room was big enough for the four of us and we had an incredible city view from the 38th floor. The beds and pillows were definitely my favorite. I felt like I was sleeping on the softest marshmallow or something of that sort. And the rest of the equips were up to par.I must add that we did get bamboozled by the bell hop boy who brought our luggage upstairs. Despite how helpful he was with informing us about how everything works in our room, he failed to mention that the plugs for iPods, chargers, cameras, etc. was not free. (I think it was $23 or something) but the way he explained to us how everything worked just made it seem as if those plugs were all for free use. But whatever, we got waived for it in the end, so who cares? We still had a great stay. And not to mention, the walking distance from our room to Haze was definitely a plus. Haze was probably the best club that we went to over the weekend and it made it even better that we didn't have to take a taxi just to get there, but rather walk from our room to the club. Perhaps on my next visit to Vegas I just might reconsider staying at Aria again.
2	Just like Las Vegas, it seems, you either love this place or you hate it. First off I should say, that no one from the hotel met me at the airport, carried me on their shoulders, paid me to upgrade to the penthouse suite and other such nonsense that other reviewers have claimed. I am not saying they are lying but... I decided to pay the premium room rate just to see how nice it could be during an overnight in Las Vegas. That was mistake number one. Satisfaction with this hotel seems to be directly related to the room rate. Had I paid $79 a night, I would honestly feel differently about the quality of my stay. What a disappointment our stay turned out to be! First the good stuff. As everyone mentions the rooms are stylish, high tech and we had an amazing view. The view was great -- if not exactly as depicted online. All the high tech stuff worked, which I was grateful for after reading other reviews, but by then I was too tired to mess with all the gadgets. We were able to hook up the iPod and listen to music. I liked that we could hook up our iPods to the sound system and the bed was unbelievably comfortable. The bathroom was nice. I imagine the SkySuites are fabulous. I wish I had better things to say about our stay. When we arrived around 10 pm on a Friday night there were long lines to check in. It goes very slowly. Some people were already drinking in line. I imagine at 9 am or whatever strange hour other people check in, that doesn't happen. Or on a Wednesday if there's not a convention in town or the hotel's occupancy is at 20 percent. If you arrive when there are no lines, it will go faster. They must get lots of complaints, so I wouldn't like the desk clerk's job either. It shows in their attitudes. The guest ahead of me had an issue that took 45 minutes to resolve. They could have taken him aside to deal with his complaint? I (and the guests behind me) would have appreciated it. There was no organization; some lines moved faster and unfortunately I was in one that did not. An officious looking woman in uniform finally came over and shyly told us to not congregate but to make sure we were in line. Thanks. Now the issue required several trips to a non-smiling manager, lots of shaking his head. Again, I would've appreciated it if the manager would have come over, dealt with the guy and made the line move faster! Very quickly I was becoming unimpressed with the Aria. Apparently, rooms with two queen beds are limited in number. If one King bed presents a problem stay elsewhere. If one King was what you reserved, you'll be content. When I finally made it to the desk clerk, I got a half hearted greeting, and when I asked what that was all about (as in you are aware I've been waiting now 45 minutes for him to finish) she quickly replied "sorry he wanted to change his room." I understood why. I had made my reservation months prior online and she tells me that they are booked and can't give me the Deluxe room I reserved and paid for but one on a much lower "smoking optional" floor. What does smoking optional really mean anyway? It means it's a smoking floor. Come on folks, that's insulting enough. Of course if you're a smoker, it's not an issue. Shame shame shame. She'd take $50 off the room rate. Not just no but come on you must be kidding no. I could have and would have stayed at the Palazzo, the Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, Planet Hollywood or any other hotel on the Strip for that price or less. It's pretty obvious what I'll do next time. So discussions with another "manager." Instead of two beds we can get a "deluxe room" with a King. I had wasted already an hour of what was a brief visit to Las Vegas. The staff did nothing to make up for all the inconvenience and changes. I asked for a late check out and was told no. Okay I can't really complain about that. But then housekeeping knocked on our door at 9 am. Yes it was my fault I did not set the "privacy" switch! I can't blame the hotel staff for not knocking because either the room was vacant or we didn't want to be disturbed. I don't know who wants housekeeping in Las Vegas at 9 am! It reminded me of a terrible Holiday Inn in Texas where the leather-faced manager tried to force us out of our room before check-out time! Check out was efficient since not a lot of people were checking out and I got a robot-like "sorry" when I said our stay was disappointing. When I heard that they get a lot of complaints and unhappy guests it was easy to see why.
2	The hotel is smack in the middle of the Strip which is a huge plus.  But for being the brand-new kid on the block I was expecting to be blown away.  Instead my reaction was just meh.  Went with two girlfriends for my birthday weekend bonanza.  We had a double queen room which was on the 3rd floor overlooking the roof of the casino...hmm.  The room was very clean and the curtains opening automatically is cool.  But several lights weren't working and we couldn't figure out how to plug in our iPods for some getting ready to party music.  Also, the channels on the tv take forever to change (we met some guys in a bar and they confirmed this).  I did appreciate there being 4 robes for our use, but could really do without the fan in the toilet that doesn't turn off.  As for the casino/resort itself, we liked the Deuce Bar and City Bar, especially with our 2 for 1 coupons.  But beware the martini bump, my Manhatten was an extra $4 even with  the coupon because it is served in a martini glass....seriously.  Didn't go to Haze because the crowd looked very ghetto but did try to spend the day at Liquid Pool Lounge.  Unfortunately they don't allow you to drink in the pool, unlike Wet Republic at MGM, so I had to have my birthday beer at the bar.  After an hour of sobriety we bailed.  If you don't have a cabana or lounge chair Liquid is a disappointment.  Aria, it looks pretty, but like a girl with too much makeup when you look a little deeper you see a lot of blemishes.
4	ROOMThe room was better than average.  I've heard many good things, but it didn't live up to the hype.  I mean, it's a good room, better than average, but not anything to go crazy about.We read online that the room greets you and the curtains open, presenting the view to you.  It didn't do that for us.  If we were supposed to press something for that to happen, we didn't know - and how would anyone know?The rooms are automated, so you can turn everything off with just one press of a button.  Instead of those privacy tags that hang on the door nob, there are lights for PRIVACY (red) and SERVICE (green). So the kids can't go out and make a game out of collecting everyone's PRIVACY tags.  You no longer have to open the curtains with your hand and arm, you just need to use your finger on the curtains button.The beds were comfortable and the room had everything we needed. I didn't really like the set up for the shower and tub.  The shower and the tub are in the same section.  PRO: A husband can take a shower at the same time a wife takes a bath and it can lead to sexy time.  CON: If your roommates are not married to you - you have to use the whole bathroom one at a time...unless you guys are close like that.... The toilet is "hidden" by frosted glass.  In my opinion, that's not enough privacy for me.Our room came with 4 robes. We didn't use them, but that's a nice thing to have - very comfortable. The TV was a pretty good size, but the control was very unresponsive and delayed.  If you're watching porn and a kid walks into the room, there's about a 1-2 second delay after pressing the buttons on the control before the TV actually changes.  This is especially true with the guide.  It's almost impossible to navigate through the guide on TV because it's so frustrating trying to wait that long before the button you pressed actually functions.The view is beautiful.  They really got it right with the view.  They whole wall was a window.  Our view was the pool.  Luckily, the Miss Universe contestants were there, and our view just got a lot better.  With a window wall, it feels like that whole side of the room is open, and it just looks so beautiful!The idea of automated rooms is good, but it can go either way.  If you know exactly what to do, it'll make your vacation so much easier.  If you are new to it, you most likely will be pressing the wrong things.  When a couple of our roommates were taking a dump in the toilet when we first got to our room, the lights went out unexpectedly because we didn't know what we're supposed to press.  All you hear is, "HEY!!!" - and we knew we accidentally turned off the lights.For us, we didn't know what to do with the automation so it made life a little more confusing at the time.  But once more people get used to it, it'll be a great thing.HOTEL/CASINOGetting to the Aria can be a little confusing right now.  There is construction going on, so that might have been the main reason.  You have to turn into a secluded-looking area and go pass some cones and once you get there, you think you're at an airport.  It felt like LAX to me.  It was a little confusing - but I'll let that pass for now because there was construction, and maybe after the construction is completed, it'll be all better.The inside of the hotel and casino is very beautiful.  It's heavy on the art.  I'm a guy who can appreciate nice art.  At the Aria, it's packed with art.  The thing about it is that it's hit or miss.  There are some things that are nice to look at and take pictures of, while there are some that are pointless and look like a waste of space.  But I like the idea of having a lot of art - it really makes the hotel look very... *thinking of the word*... interesting.One thing that can really kill a beautiful environment, like inside the Aria hotel, is the cigarette smoke from the hotel.  With the Aria, I couldn't smell any cigarette smoke until I was actually in the casino with people smoking.  They do a really good job keeping the smoke and the smoke smell away from the lobby and the non-smoking areas.  Smoking is not allowed in the lobby.  What you smell instead is VANILLA!  There is a strong scent of vanilla floating around, and I'd rather smell that than the cigarette smoke.  Sometimes, the vanilla smell is overwhelming though.The air conditioning system is cleverly hidden all throughout the whole hotel.  I was walking by the check-in area and felt a cool breeze.  There was a wall just giving off cool air.  Underneath the check-in counter, there was a vent giving  off cool air.  Randomly underneath the planter - cool air.  We made it a game to find the hidden vents - it was cool. *note: DO NOT spend too much time looking for secret AC vents around the hotel... you're in Vegas!Bottom line: The Aria is a great place to stay, but for me, it didn't live up to all the hype I've heard.  There are better rooms and hotels, but the Aria is worth a stay.
4	This place is hands down the nicest scented hotel/casino in Vegas, period. You can smell the wonderful aroma the moment you walk in, I kid you not. A new modern addition to the strip, with a twist of oriental taste. The place is pretty big, and theres a high end mall next to it. The rooms we stayed at were great. I enjoy the giant glass wall size windows and the automatic blinds and curtains. The ambiance was wonderful and I would definitely come back to this hotel.
5	If you are into fresh and modern design with a wild combination of materials, Aria is an absolute hell yeah!!!My room was brilliant, I love how massculine my rooms design was and although I had a nightmare while taking a nap, I mean a sleep nightmare, I was pleasently surprised by waking up to the clean and simple lines of my suite.Great pool, you have to do Liquid, it's a pool / club.Enjoy my friends
5	Wow, after spending a ton more money than I expected and feeling the  exhaustion set in after a long party weekend, I found myself at the beautiful Aria Sunday night. The sleep I found in that queen bed deserves five stars alone, but the room, casino, eateries, shops and the hotel itself warrants that same rating as well. Architecturally, it is absolutely stunning. The whole layout of the City Center has been meticulously thought out and has paid off well for the mega-hotels there. The casino is easy to weave through, although not as grand as the casinos at the Belagio or Mirage, it is still keeping with its sumptuous overtones of sophistication and luxury. The rooms there are immaculate. From the roman bathtub within the huge marbled shower to the spectacular city view to a gadget geek's dream galore, the room was simply beautiful. I'm not sure what prices are going for since I didn't pay for it, but whatever it is, I'd pay it to stay here again. Saturday afternoon, I spent some time pool side soaking up the sun, chilling with friends and enjoying the eye candy. I didn't go into Liquid, even though it was only $20 for the adult only pool party entrance fee. Apparently, good a time as it was, my friends had to put down $150 each for two lounge chairs, something I wasn't willing to do. The tab they ran on drinks on that side came out to $400 or so and the couple of girls that partied there saw themselves sick throughout the night. For less than half that, we got our buzz on with the free guest pool.For everything associated with Aria --- great attention to detail. Just superb.
3	The heart of City Center is the Aria Hotel. Luckily, we got a good deal on a hotel room, so the price was really reasonable considering we went during the busy summer months (for 3 nights, we paid around $350). This also included a $75 dollar credit to use at Cafe Vettro -- their 24 hour restaurant that serves up breakfast, lunch, and dinner all day. I highly recommend the Philly Cheesesteak or the Omelet. But back to City Center, it is an architecturally stimulating set of buildings, but it is very confusing, and there seems to be a lot of wasted space. The casino at Aria is relatively small compared to the other higher-end casinos. It is also one chocolate-brown fest. This color theme runs rampant throughout Aria, even in the rooms. Speaking of, they are designed really nicely, and every side of the building seems to have a decent view. We were facing the south, unfortunately. I feel stuck in time when all I can see is Monte Carlo and the Polo Towers, but whatevs. The accommodations were really great, although they were a little small for 4 people (ie no where to place all of our luggage comfortably, and only one chair, and no table). Would be perfect for 2. The bathroom is really nice, and even has a tub inside of the shower. First thing that came to mind was "I wonder how many people have had an orgy in here." The best things about the rooms, however, were the bed and pillows. SO COMFORTABLE. Better than anything I've ever slept on. As for Crystals, their shopping area, it feels completely abandoned. There was no one there, it seemed. It is also such a horrible design. It felt way too simple. And it isn't really accessible. It felt like you weren't even in Aria when you got to Crystals. The beehive looking restaurant in there looked pretty cool though. Overall though, it was a good experience. My main criteria for Vegas hotels is location, and that is one of the main reasons why I enjoyed Aria. Easy access to Bellagio and Paris, or Planet Hollywood and Monte Carlo (Although I can't stand the look of MC, I only went there for the virtual blackjack tables. Not video blackjack. It's a real table with virtual dealers. I won so much money on this type of game, and I love it because I can bet $5 minimums :) Having just graduated college, I was able to get the best of both worlds: Aria living, and Monte Carlo gambling!Would consider staying at Aria again. But I think I prefer Bellagio and Paris to Aria. Wynn and Venetian are next on my next places to try.
5	We stayed at the Sky Suites at Aria which might be a little different from the regular rooms at Aria.  We were greeted at the airport by our driver and then driven to a separate entrance via limo.  We had a personalized check-in and were able to stock up on water at the lounge.  We missed out on the customized room welcome because our bellman arrived at our room before we did but we loved how spacious our suite was.  Everything was spotless and we were amazed at how high-tech everything was.  Always a sucker for the travel sized personal care items, I really liked how they thought of everything (razers, shaving cream, bath salts, etc) that other hotels overlook.  I loved the plush robes and slippers and was curious about the bidet in the master bath.  My husband and I really liked the service at Aria and can't wait to come back.
3	Okay, this place is pretty new but c'mon now, it took us forever to get our rooms. We went here for a bachelorette party weekend and we had 4 rooms on reserve. We tried to get all the rooms together, but they couldn't do it. boo. Okay, so we get there 10Am to check in early - our room isn't ready. Boo. They tell us to come back at 3. We come back at 3 - our room still isn't ready. Boo. The front desk guy finally finds a room, then tells us where it's located. But, wait! Nm...he got mixed up and so now our room isn't ready. wth??So, he goes back to ask the manager. Now another room opens up but it's only on the 13th floor. We wanted something on the 25th floor or higher. Boo again. Finally we get a room!Rooms are pretty small. Of course, they're are nice though...it's Vegas!! And who stays in there room all night anyways? Not a bunch of young ladies that's who!The casino is a huge - and a bit confusing to get around. We stayed 3 nights and I still couldn't tell you how to get to the bathrooms. Everything looks the same and the casino is an odd shape. You feel like you're going in circles or something?? Jean Philippe Patisserie is right around the corner from the elevators. Awwww.........HEAVEN! Loved the food & loved the pastries. We went here quite a bit too. Yummmy!Overall, the place is pretty great. They just need to work on getting those rooms cleaned. Hello! We ask for early check in and we don't get a room until 4. Their customer service and communication w/ staffing etc. needs to be corrected. C'mon now. We are in Vegas, we want to party, so hurry up with our rooms already.Bell hops were very nice!
5	Was in Vegas for Lady Gaga's concert and stayed at the Aria.  Two thumbs WAY UP for those you love the sleek modern hitech designs.  I stayed at their Strip View Non Smoking Suite and loved everything about it especially their all-in-one control your airtemp, tv, curtains, flight status panel gadget. It's like Chumby on steroids.  The room was spacious and we had a phenomenal view of the strip.  I was given dining credit so we just ordered room service.  Service was good and we were greeted the moment we stepped into the lobby.  The pool was big and "happening". You have a returning guest!
1	This was hands down the worst stay I've had in Vegas. Aria takes itself so seriously, but lacks any sort of substance. Everything about this place is wrong, from the overdone technology that barely functions to the almost inedible room service.I booked a room at the Sky Suites. The stay started off well enough, with a limo picking me up and taking me to the "private" entrance. The free "lounge" area was nice except for the scores of other guests scurrying to hoard as much free stuff as possible. The frenetic atmosphere of this area reminded me more of a Shoneys than a classy lounge.The technology in the room was excessive and barely worked. The jets in the Jacuzzi tub turned on randomly. We ordered 2 pizzas from room service that were, without a doubt, the worst pizzas I've ever had in my life. And I've had a lot of pizza.. The entire pie was about 4 inches thick. The crust was 0.25 inches, the sauce 0.25 inches, and (I'm not kidding) about 3.5 inches of disgusting, low quality cheese was piled on top. And they charged almost $50 for it.It didn't end there. To try to make up for the horrible heartburn suffered from room service, I looked for a coffeemaker or some other device to make tea. None in the room. I called Room Service, and they wanted $4 to "deliver" it to me. We asked them not to clean our room. They called 3 separate times to confirm this, and then started to clean our room at 11:30 PM when we were out!!! And when we complained, no one cared.Aria should rename itself Kafka, because the cold indifference of the staff was really the icing on the cake. In the most contrived tone they could possibly muster, the front desk pretended to care about my terrible stay. With SO MANY better hotels in Vegas, don't make the same mistake I did and choose Aria.
2	I must say that I expected a lot of Aria and the City Center in general. After some recommendations we were convinced this would be a great choice for a friends bachelorette party since we were all on a tight budget and the rates were great at $119 per night. Upon arrival, the checkout lines are very long and super unorganized. The front desk staff was very friendly and helpful. We asked for connecting rooms and I must say this was the best/worst part of the trip. One room had MANY problems but the biggest was a a putred smell in the toilette/bathroom area. This problem was attempted to be cleaned but nothing would help. The room itself was very small for a Vegas hotel room, the lighting was confusing and would turn off during showers, and the TV would freeze every minute. The other room was just as small, had TV problems but no smell in the bathroom. We were so frustrated with the problem in one room as 8 girls had to use one bathroom for most of the trip, we tried to call several times for an engineer to come up but realized that most of the staff just doesnt have enough training. Every person on the phone had a different answer to the same question and one example being "Do you have an in house Dr?" One person says no, the other yes. This is a basic safety question. Since we were all set up for the bachelorette, on the last day a manager offered to move us to another room but we would have to seperate the group which wouldnt work for us. In the end, we told them the entire story, all our frustrations and they comped us the total charge for the one room that had issues. The manager was very professional and we appreciated the comp. I can tell you that I will not be staying at the Aria again as I also didnt really like being away from everything, no affordable options to eat anything in the hotel, weird scent throughout, small pools and in general, it needs to have more of the Vegas flare in terms of service. Maybe in a year or two it will work out these kinks and I might try it again.
2	I don't want to come off as spoiled, but who are we kidding, I am. At least when it comes to traveling-my pops is a travel agent and I've been around (the globe, that is-get your minds outta the gutter please!). The Aria offered some promise from the brochures and online photos, but five minutes after walking in, I was cursing myself for even agreeing to come to Vegas. It epitomized everything about the city I hate, and no number of Bottega Veneta or Chanel stores in the adjoining Crystals shopping center can pretend to make it any classier than it is (or totally isn't).  Everyone in my group agreed-five of us with various levels of interests, standards and tastes.The people staying there generally included guys with hair gelled so high they look 6'3" even if their driver's license accurately reads 5'9" and girls who yell at the elevator door man for daring to ask that they put on a shirt when they aren't by the pool. They make the folks of Jersey Shore look like Beaver Cleaver and make me want to vomit. But let's say you love Snooki and dream of carrying the same ol' tired Louie V. bag that every unoriginal 'fashionista' owns. This hotel still sucks. First the hateful, unfriendly woman at the front desk tried to stick us in a smoking section room despite us being booked in a non-smoking floor. The room had stains all over the duvet and pillowcases, and was tiny. When we spoke to someone much more normal downstairs they moved us to another room, which was clean enough, but nothing special.The food was also a disappointment. I ate at the buffet, their cafe twice and all three times was underwhelmed. The buffet has a nice selection and staff is great, but the food is just not worth it. The cafe's menu was incredibly limited and the food was so bland I was feeling separation anxiety for Bellagio's options and general level of standard, despite the beautiful modern decor here.Mkay, so by now you're thinking I am a major bitch. That's only partly true-I simply have no patience for places that tout themselves as luxurious destinations only to offer up a meat-market experience wracked with mediocrity and low standards. This place suffers from a confusion of what it is and what it wants to be. It sucks getting lured into the hype-it's all style, no substance. Though really, that's generally what I think about Vegas itself, so never mind me for not getting it. The casino pays out better than some others, so that's cool, but staying here isn't required for that. Other than to hit up some shops (Papillon made the trip by introducing me to the out of control, amazing sunglasses of Thierry Lasry-if you win big it's fun to poke around in here), move along.
5	Newest property on the Strip. Everything is new and shiney. Awesome water features around the property.
4	Stayed here for 2 nights from July 9, 2010Aria is one of the hotels situated at the "City Center," aspiring to be at the epicenter of Vegas.  Its embrace of modernity is evident from the moment you pull within view.Upon entering the futuristic, metallic lobby, you'll notice a pleasant perfumed air.  I couldn't put my finger on what it was, or where it came from, but it definitely beat the smell of cigarettes and old people.A security guard is posted in front of the elevators, requiring you to flash your room key for admittance.The hallways are labyrinth-like, and split into separate pathways one too many times.  They keys are magnetic, so you just wave your room key in front of the doorknob.The room we got (pretty standard one) was very clean, and sleek.  The sheets were amazingly soft too.  The bathroom had a 2-person shower and tub, which is standard for the newer hotels -- nothing outstanding.Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to check out the pool, or dine at any of the restaurants. As it is currently one of the newest hotels, it is a bustling and loud place.  There is also a casino downstairs, but I would recommend staying away from the blackjack tables around check-in times because you'll probably be surrounded by players just killing time while waiting for their friends (which means they'll take the dealer's bust card, and have you walking with a stink face).Finally, the service, from what I saw, was amazing.  When I was walking down the hotel hallways, I was greeted by at least 2 employees with a smile and "hello."  I'm not sure who recruited their employees, but they were successful in trying to make a good new-opening impression.
4	Two words can sum this place up:Ambitious & MassiveAs what i presume is the crowning jewel of MGM group's new City Center in Vegas, it is one damn impressive and striking hotel.  I wasn't even a guest there but staying next door at the neighboring Monte Carlo (more on that later) I walked thru, dined at, and even went dancing at the Aria quite a bit in the short weekend I spent.  The towering structure even dominates the view from the Monte Carlo pool area if that tells you something...and it really helps.Much like it's sister structure, the Crystals Mall, the common areas are resplendant with vaulted ceilings, wildly splaying architecture using every color and material texture you can imagine, making for something that really brings back Vegas outrageousness, but with a 21st century level of design ethos and sophistication.  The only danger is that its so radical a design it may not be as time resistant as one would hope and may start to look outdated quickly, unlike the more reserved yet classy designs of the Palazzo and Wynn resorts (again more on those later).  Armed with a decent selection of fine restaurants, massive casino floor (i also did some gambling here, quite fun) and many random, cool looking lounges splattered about, the Aria is definitely a place worth checking out on the strip.  And yes its very recessed in a long driveway off the strip but at least its now foot traffic accessible unlike when it first opened, and honestly the walk isn't that bad either.Now that's just a casual passerby's review of the hotel, not having been a guest I can't comment on the rooms or the guest services yet, but I'd be interested in trying in the future.
2	I have heard that "you have to see the new City Center in Vegas"... So when I Received a free 3 day stay offer from the Aria I jumped at the chance to give it a try. Expectations were high, I had heard the Aria was the newest/greatest hotel property in Vegas and the property was supposed to be fantastic!! (Expectations were not met!!) We spent 25 minutes waiting in the Invited Guest line with only 3 persons ahead of us!! Did anyone notice/care?? NOPE!!  When we finally got to the agent did they acknowledge our ridiculous wait?? NOPE!!  In fact, we were told we would have to wait an undetermined amount of time for a room to come available!!  Were we offered a nicer room or to have our luggage stored while we waited?? NOPE!! Oh yeah, it was a Monday at noon..!! Really?? So when I call Guest Services they were apologetic enough.. Even found a room for us right away.. Was it a nicer room, or on a better side of the hotel?? NOPE!! (14th floor looking at the back driveway!! )Huge walking distances to get from place to place, empty feel to the property, a useless tram connecting you to the Bellagio (Across the street)!! The pool area feels like you are in a Los Angeles Business Park!! YUCK!! I suggest you stay at one of the established properties in Vegas, like the Venetian or the Bellagio!! I can't wait to check out of this place!!
2	I came to Aria for the weekend in March with 20 of my friends for my bachelor/bachelorette party. We were so excited because the hotel is new and beautiful. We arrive for checkin-in, and get ready to check into our 6 rooms. This is where things start to go downhill.We requested double beds in all rooms, we got all king size beds. They have no rollaways. awesome when you're planning on 4 to a room. Most of the rooms were good, but the customer service was terrible. The first night I was ready to go back to my room around 1:30 or 2 AM. My key didn't work. I go down to the front desk to get it fixed. There are 7 people in line, some people still trying to check in, and one person working the desk. I waited an hour to have my key reset. I asked the guy why he didn't have any help, he replies, "MGM is cheap". The line at valet took more than an hour on Sunday to leave, seriously?! This place does not have enough staff. I won't be staying at Aria again, at least not unless they get their stuff together.
4	This hotel is PRETTY. It smells nice, everything looks so hip and modern, there are plenty of bougey stores and restaurants, and all of the tables and slots look shiny and brand new. I ended up staying here with some friends one weekend and I was pretty impressed.First, our room was freaking bougey. We didn't have a special suite or anything, but everything just looked really nice. A pretty flat screen tv, a couch, coffee table, a huge king bed, & a bathroom that had an individual tub AND an individual shower. The bougiest part of the room was that most of it was controlled by a touch screen remote, very similar to the Ipad. This remote controlled the TV, the lights in all the different areas of the room, and the curtains. We couldn't even manually close and open the curtains! Now that is the definition of bouge-ness right there.The hotel staff messed up with our room, as we were supposed to get two full beds rather than one king, but they said there were no more rooms available with two beds. (PS, they lied, some of my other friends checked in later and got a room with 2 beds, wtf?). Luckily, they gave us a roll away cot to sleep on. It was quite possibly the most uncomfortable cotI have ever slept on in my entire life. BUT, my friends complained about how they messed up and we got 50 dollars in resort credit. YAY.Other irks about the hotel: the location of the parking garage. Yes, I understand, you want people to walk through a bunch of slot machines and tables before they get to the restaurants, shopping, and other activities. But what about those staying at the hotel? I had to lug my luggage across the freaking huge casino to the tower elevators which was freaking far away. They should have designed the hotel differently, but I guess it's too late to change that haha.Aria still is a beautiful hotel. There are plenty of places to dine and shop, fun nighttime activities, and it just looks and feels beautiful and fancy, from the lobby to the hotel rooms. I would stay again. It's definitely in a nice location on the strip and the hotel itself is stunning.
1	Aria this hotel/casino it's such a dissappointment that I'm actually glad that they were so rude to me....First I called to make a room reservation and I asked if I could pick what tower I wanted to stay at and they said no we will let u know when u check in....ooook! fine next I asked do u except small dogs (toy breed) no we do not...oook fine! again!...but the way they went about it was very rude....so I call back because I really wanted to stay there and I had a pretty good promotion that I wanted to take advantage of....so I call again to make a reservation so I requested a non smoking room with two queen beds....and the answer I got was " we do not have any more 2 queen beds available....WTH!!...they have 4000 rooms and they ran out of 2 queen beds....SERIOUSLY!!!.....but they were so quick to offer me a roll out for $50.00 more of course....aaaahhhhh NO!...so to make a long story short!....decided not to give them my Money and stayed next door @ the Bellagio!....and got a much much better deal....yey!!..Unfortunately my bad story doesn't end there....so stayed next door but still had to go see the new hotel....so  we walked what seam 2 miles just to get to the casino....ugh!.... we ate at the Buffet....we paid $30.00 for a  Holiday brunchluch Buffet....WHAT????....this buffet was soo below par that I barely had a plate of food and I just had to leave....food had no flavor selection was horrible....hometown buffet is better than this!!!....I asked the waiter so r they going to put more selection of food he said" no is what they have"....and he even made a remark " ya I know I guess that's why we r not busy"....wow!......Conclusion this is a beautiful hotel/casino....but everything it has to offer is absolutely below par!
3	Hotel was nice, big and clean. Modern and pretty cool but it's brand new so you should expect that. The view from the room looking down was weird, it was like they ran out of money while building (actually I'm pretty sure they did) but you would think that they could have easily and inexpensively made it look a lot nicer.The materials used to build were really cool and it is lead certified so that's really cool, but I didn't really think that it was anything that special.The city center was filled with overpriced name brand stores and was completely empty.
3	I stayed at Aria with a few girlfriends and I was overall pleased with the Jetsons-style room, the service, and the general no-theme aesthetic of the hotel (it's time for Vegas to grow up out of the "hey I'm at an Egyptian pyramid!" stage). However, I had some gripes:1) CASINO MUSIC. The casino played some sort of short loop of light rock all weekend. Nothing like getting all juiced to go gamble only to find yourself sitting in a dentist chair.2) IN-ROOM MUSIC. There was no way hook up your iPod unless you bought their expensive iPod cable from the minibar. The music channels available on the entertainment system were just as bad as the music in the casino -- your choices were basically 70s, 80s, 90s, or some channel called "Love Shack" which played old school R&B while displaying, I kid you not, pictures of shacks.3) BATHROOM. When traveling with friends, it's nice to have bathrooms where the toilet is sectioned off (such as at the Palazzo) to help you efficiently use your bathroom time. So we were kind of... pissed when we realized that the toilet was indeed closed off but by a transparent door. I mean we're friends, but not like that. The ventilation was also really bad. Not trying to put any of my girls on blast or anything, just saying.4) EATING. There didn't seem to be any take-out options for eating except for the Skybox, which was pretty bad, and the Jean Claude Van Damme Patisserie which was good -- but both closed by midnight. So when you came back to the hotel late you were forced to sit down to eat at Cafe Vettro and make awkward conversation about what definitely did not happen that night.5) HAZE. We decided to stay in-house one night and party at Haze. There were a lot of people who seemed to be having fun there, but it became apparent to us that we didn't quite belong when we saw an entire table of white boys fist pump and scream every lyric to "Party in the USA." So THAT'S why the butterflies fly away.
4	Went to the Aria this weekend and the hotel is a work of art. Beautiful architecture, state of the art technology, and friendly staff. We checked in fairly quickly, got to our rooms, and after a few minutes of fiddling with the technology I had it figured out pretty quickly. I would have to say that the people complaining about the technology probably didn't figure out how to do it right. I had trouble for a little while too, but most of it is just common sense and having the patience to think about it for more than a second.The stores connecting are beautiful and professional. The Aria buffet has very good food and it's conveniently located right in the center of the strip. However, the entrance to this casino is a little bit confusing and probably took my party 20 minutes to find. We went to every entrance but the grand entrance. You should enter through Las Vegas Blvd., FYI.All in all, a good stay. Beautiful hotel with friendly staff.
5	Simply put the new standard in rooms for vegas.  Wile we booked the most basic room it was clearly a superiour room.  Remote controled lighting and drapes.  Super comfy bed.  marbeld bathrooms. Very cheap to stay in right now.  Super nice pools.  Clean and modern decor.CONS:Expensive to gambleExpensive to drinkExpensive to eat.
4	Room:Very nice rooms. Comfortable very soft beds. Cleaner Carmen was very nice. Some things didn't work well: remote and touch screen. Also blackout curtains let in a lot of sun in the morning so I couldn't stay asleep past 9am. TV screen would lighten and darken randomly.Robes were very soft and nice, towels were hardSmelled clean.  Definitely better than Bally's or MGM but MGM has better blackout curtains.Casino:Games are more pricey $15 was the lowest craps I could find, Pai gow of $20.They have better vents so the casino doesn't stink.Don't do the buffet.
4	Too fancy.. great place as it is new and smoke and not filled the corridors. great concept with the digitally controlled rooms. the lobbies on most of the floors are too long so a bit tiring.  Overall great place for a vacation in Vegas.
3	A fun and bumping place to be at.I didn't even think I was going to be able to do the annual pilgrimage to Vegas this year. But thanks to overbooked flights on Southwest in Seattle and me sweet talking them. I had a Saturday night stay in Vegas on them. Fantastic!!!! I've not been to Vegas since City Center and Aria open, so this was my chance to check it out. I didn't actually stayed here. This is more about the casino.I did a brief walk around Crystals (looks nice) because I didn't have time to waste. On to the craps table. From what I can tell it's nice and modern but then again...you should expect this from a casino that's new. Too much brown for my taste but to each their own. Met these guys from Denver, who live in different parts of the country now and they do an annual trip to Vegas. We played craps from 10pm-5am. More than fantastic!!! Dealers are nice and courtesy. Drink service was timely. A good variety of people. The usual trendy restaurants and eye candy at the bars/clubs. I know nothing about their rooms. But one of my best friend has stayed here and he likes it. Chances are I will too.Nice place. Next time I'm back I will consider staying here.
3	Rooms are awesome.  The electronic controls look cool but damn frustrating.  Can't just sit and flip tv channels cause stupid buttons are damn slow touch sensors.  Also what's with the check out counter and front desk? Worst staff ever, rude and unhelpful.
4	We just returned from a weekend at the Aria. Room: Nice decor, large bathroom, great "city view" Casino: Man, was this place confusing. We got lost headed to [enter location here] multiple times. No, I don't think it was just the alcohol that caused our confusion. Overall it's nice but there is a definite lack of signage.Pool: A little generic. And it was a little annoying that liquid requires a separate cover. You would think that they would offer hotel guests discounted or free admission, but nope. Nothing. Also, I was super bugged that you couldn't take drinks anywhere near the pool. I mean, not within a 5' border. There went my hopes of getting drunk sitting in the pool.  Bars: We spent a lot of time at the bar right outside of the sports book hanging out with a bartender - John. John was great. Super friendly, willing to make crazy concoctions, and just generally a good Vegas person. Service: for the most part, the service was outstanding. It seems like everyone from the Valet, to security to the restaurant servers went out of their way to answer questions and be as helpful as possible. Will we go back? Yes. But maybe not in the summer. I would prefer somewhere with a better pool for the price.
4	VERY modern, very upscale and spacious!  First time staying there and check-in was quick and easy.  They have a few places to checkout within the hotel, which makes it THAT much easier to find your way back to your room after a LONG and Adventurous day exploring Vegas.The Buffet is situated upstairs away from the casino and the crowd.  Their Cafe is quite roomy and spacious.  HIGH ceilings (or no ceilings if you think about it) and has some very art-deco design to it.Their food is OK - not breathtaking or orgasmic, but it's filling nonetheless.I would stay here again, if I were giving the opportunity to stay "comped"  :)
1	Review is purely about the casino. - It's too dark. I walked in and felt sleepy. Not a good feeling when you want to gamble. - Decor is modern--for now. I can easily see it being dated after only a couple of years; dark wood everywhere. I'm not sure what look or theme they were going for exactly: Dark wood and random ventilation duct covers?- P!ss poor ventilation despite the plethora of what looked like ventilation duct covers lining random column supports and walls. For a new casino, this is inexcusable. Tobacco smoke just stays in the air, choking off the lungs of non-smokers like me. I couldn't breathe without coughing when people at the next table were smoking. I don't have this problem at the other new casino resorts (e.g., Wynn, Encore, Palazzo, Venetian, Bellagio, etc.).- The casino cashier is tucked away behind a bunch of slot machines and a wall. Talk about inconvenient. In conclusion, I'll go out of my way not to go here in the future.
1	The casino is very nice but the Casino Hosts were very rude and unwelcoming. I WAS TOLD THAT BASED ON MY PLAY THAT THEY WOULD TAKE CARE OF MY EXPENSES IF I CHARGED EVERYTHING TO MY ROOM BUT WHEN I CHECKED OUT THEY DIDN'T COVER A SINGLE THING. MY AVERAGE BET IS 100-1000. FYI, IF YOU WANT TO GET COMP FOR ANYTHING CHOOSE ANOTHER CASINO.
4	I like the dark feel of the casino floor. It isn't overly bright or even that loud. The thing that caught me was the fact that it didn't wasn't like walking into an ashtray. Yes, you can still smell smoke from all the smokers but you could tell they were trying to keep that old smokey casino smell down. Rooms: This place looks modern and the rooms are modern. When you open your door the curtains open automatically and the lights/tv turn on. You can pretty much control everything in your room from the TV (lights, temp. privacy settings). The bed is super plush and makes you just melt into the mattress. I love how they have a little data center with all the ports, connections and everything you could need for business built into their desk. Parking: The parking structure if kinda far away from the actual hotel and the whole layout is kinda confusing but to be honest most hotels in Vegas are like that. Food: They have a variety of places to choose from to eat. Everything from quick cafes to their buffet and also more upscale dining. Price: The rooms are a bit pricey. their lowest price is $259 I believe. My recommendation is to join their Players Club. You can get special offers for all of the MGM affiliated hotels and they offer seasonal rates which may differ from person to person. Overall: I would definitely go back and stay again. I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas over the years and this one is on the top of my list.
5	We first came to Aria the weekend after it first opened. When you are awesome at losing lots of money, they invite you to stay in Vegas for free. Because we are so awesome, I even got us upgraded to a suite. Anyone who says that they've stayed at a better hotel is either lying or an heiress, or both. (cause I know there ain't a better Hilton) When you first walk in the room (suite, last time our regular room, did not do this) all the curtains and sheers auto open up to a beautiful city scape. There were 3 flat screen TVs in our suite. One in the sitting area, one in front of the bed, and one in the bathroom, which could be tilted towards the spa tub. My son loved this place, he really enjoyed the heated toilet seat, bidet, & spa tub ..... lol. The architecture is very modern, the exterior is kinda like Frank Gehry (Disney Concert Hall) and Cesar Pelli (some of the world's tallest buildings, and actual architect) had a building baby. The interior is very modern and lavish at every turn. It is impressive, especially if you understand interior and architectural design. Even the little patisserie off the Casino is gorgeous, not to mention the gargantuan gates in front of BarMasa. The choices of restaurants is also impressive, you have; Jean Georges Steakhouse, Julian Serrano (Tapas), BarMasa (legendary in New York), Sirio Ristorante (excellent Italian), American Fish (Michael Mina), Shaboo (the most expensive Shabu- Shabu ever, prefix menu $300 per person, it is located inside BarMasa). The Spa looks absolutely divine, then again haven't met too many spas I didn't like... The Pool area is cool, but I think it could of been a little more innovative, it wasn't ready the first time we came here, but it was December anyway. They really should of made at least one of the pool areas super cool, modern, & chic, or at least fun for the kids, I guess all the architects were too old to remember having kids. At least it'll keep the pool skanks at Mandalay and the Hard Rock...lol.The Casino is a decent size and tastefully done, the lighting is dim (if you could see yourself you'd appreciate the dimness), I like the way it is set up. It is not too smoky like other Casinos, they keep the air pretty fresh and clean, also the cocktail waitresses are nice and pretty quick with the drinks. The dealers are pretty cool too.The last time we went, we did notice that from the bedding to some of the counters at the eateries, dilapidation was very noticeable for being less than a year old. I guess wear and tear in Vegas isn't the usual. My one legit complaint is that the remote control this last time there was extremely fickle ...... hated it..two snaps. dang...I am that old.This review is for a suite, if you did't get a suite, it sucks for you, because they kick the guestrooms ASS. ha.ha... really.
5	Aria is a modern marvel. Anyone who appreciates innovation, technology, and ambience will love the Aria. I'm more of a shopper than a gambler so I spent more time in the retail spaces but I did spend enough time lounging in the casino area to be sufficiently impressed with the environment. Aria has a very distinct smell which I instantly loved and connected with. The ventilation system is state of the art and in addition to the normal system, each slot machine in the casino has a built in air filtration system which sucks in air in the immediate viscinity and filters it back out. I love the al fresco cafe at the pool but it was so hard to find my boyfriend and I nearly gave up before finally finding the entrance. The room itself was awesome. I won't go into details because so many others have, but the room greeting you is a nice touch. As my boyfriend said when we first entered "I feel like I'm in the future." The spa is also awesome. I'm a spa fiend and was delighted to encounter new spa features. The spa at Aria features the Shio Salt room and the Ganbanyoku Beds, both of which were new to the spa experience for me. I loved the Ganbanyoku beds... just thinking about them relaxes me. One of the coolest features of this spa is the fact that it features multiple "co-ed" areas where you can co-mingle with opposite sex companions.Overall the experience was spectacular and when I return to Vegas I will be staying here again.
5	Every room I stay in now will for ever be compared to the room I stayed in at Aria. Remote controlled window curtains, lights and TV... The shower bath combo is something I want in my dream home. The swimming pools is perfect place to cool down for the desert heat. The lobby smells like Vanillaroma. If you don't know what that is, you ain't ______.
4	I received an offer last month from Aria for up to 4 nights free. My hubby & I are hesitant to stay there because of some bad/mixed reviews both from Yelpers/Tripadvisor commentaries.  But after reading more recent reviews, I told my hubby to give it a try since I always try not to be too critical when reviewing new establishments -particularly this large--give them time to get their act together, pull the right staff, iron out kinks at least for 6-12 months.The registration area was not dark-it's modern - different shades of gray stones, tiles and textures, wood--for this type of decor, I can understand why you do not really need very bright lights--it is part of the whole ambience--maybe that's not for all-hence, some patrons were critical of it...hey..ladies...this type of lighting is actually good for any skin tones--good for your close-ups!We stayed there 9/8/10 & checked out Sunday. We were both pleasantly surprised - we did not experience long waiting to check in, friendly & helpful staff, room was pretty large-and it was just their standard - marble travertine bath floor, deep soaking tub, water pressure good in the shower and it was not hard at all to manipulate the automatic/remote control (on the walls) for the curtains, lights-it's very intuitive and noted clearly on the wall switches. When we checked in, we also asked if we can have a view & the rep changed our room--we had a corner view right by Monte Carlo/MGM side--it was very nice especially at night with all the lights.We also received $200 free play--as soon as we checked in, we went down to the Player's club & obtain our Player cards..and activated our free play--guess what--I went to the dollar machine and I was winning up to $650 & then...I hit the 3 diamonds (showed up in 3 different lines-if all are in the same line..it would have been the bigger jackpot) and won the jackpot of $1200! Attendant came & gave me cash--but I did have to give my SSN--IRS jackpot report for every $1200 you win! But it was a great start...their machines appear to have a better percentage in winning more as compared to other casinos (I guess to get more patrons). Hubby played black jack tables..broke even...and later won $1500 at the Venetian! Need to mention that they also gave us $100 food or beverage credit and a free pass (so you do not line up for two of their restaurants). We never got to use the $100/food/beverage but they comped the two breakfast services we had when we checked out--nice!Friday & Saturday morning, we ordered American breakfast & it arrived in less than 30 minutes! It was decent - nothing too exciting...but at least the service was very good. Our room was cleaned each day and extra towels even if we told the cleaners..we have enough.They have 2 other buildings under contruction, in progress. But the ones that are totally completed looked very nice - those are for sale - as condos/loft. I'm sure the prices are great right now because of the drastic downswing in the real estate there and the overall economy. You can tell that Vegas is not doing great right now--not crowded Thursday night, Friday night--unusual compared to past years when day/night, you can't even walk or drive on the main strip.We always fly and just take the cab instead of walking to other casinos --unless of course it it's right next to where we're staying.One complaint: The high-end shops called Crystals--Aria should open up from the casino level to get there instead of patrons having to step out --even though it's right next. They need to put more signs that Crystals is the mall--you would not have known. There are 4 or 5 good restaurants inside --but the mall's pretty empty--I hope Aria will advertise this one and like I said, provide an opening via the casino.The patisserie Jean Philippe was wonderful --almost as good as those in Paris! It's not cheap...but you're in Vegas ..splurge a little!We will definitely go back to this place again - I'm sure with all the comments, they will hopefully listen and improve in different areas.
5	One word: ElegantEverything is contolled by a remote: lights, curtains, tv, etc. The bed is comfy, there's a lot of space, and a bathroom/shower like no other. The pools (yes more than one, actually like 3 pools and 2 hot tubs) are perfect for relaxing after a hard night partying and the temperature is just right.  Only 3 and a half feet but nothing to really complain about.
1	This review specifically targets the SAFETY of the valet at Aria and in particular an unreasonable valet attendant named Creighton Adams.Hear me out. Because I've never interacted with anyone as block-headed.I dropped my valet ticket at a restaurant in the CityCenter, and because the restaurant couldn't find the ticket, we tried to call the valet to make sure no one else takes the car. We asked if the attendant could make a note on the car we described (color, make, license, and owner provided) to make sure if someone comes for the car, they'd have to match the car registration to my id. That ways, a random person would not be able to pick up the car, a reasonable safeguard. However, the attendant explained that he will not leave a note for us. we would have to come asap and be present with an ID that matches the registration. Unless we do that, anyone that comes with the ticket will be able to pick up the car. Because whomever holds the ticket has rights to the car.How is that safe for all you customers who valet your cars? ARIA, THINK about this!Even when I tried to explain that leaving a note to only let the registered car owner pick up the car is the safest guard, and also the same as requesting us to show up with matching IDs, the attendant INSISTED that I could be a fraud, so he won't be able to leave a note. -- HOW could I be a fraud if I'm only letting the 'registered owner' pick up the car?Please 'like' if you feel this is logical! -- We should let ARIA know so they protect us when we valet and trust them with our cars. Tks! Lets use the Power of Yelp to make positive change!
5	I loved Aria!!! I just stayed there Sept 17 - 19th and it was great. The rooms are super clean very nice and I had a great view of the strip. You dont even need to go far. The city center has it all. You gotta stay here. Will be back
3	Very nice hotel. It's the newest one on the strip at the time of this review. Everything here feels really new: stores, spas, tables, pool, and food. Everything is excellent with the exception of a few negatives.Rooms are great, but I find the remote console thing to be annoying. It was a bit confusing to figure out (granted. I may have been a little buzzed... but I just wanted to turn all the lights off and pass out).Another big negative for me: I originally had a comped room booked with two queens but they said they were at 104% capacity and had no rooms with queens left. They put me in a room with 1 king and added me to some list and said they would call me back, they never did. The following day I ended up calling the Front Desk multiple times and eventually a room "freed up" after people checked out.The sports book needs more seating and the night clubs haven't really gotten popular yet, however the central location of the hotel makes it a cheap cab ride over to all the hot spots.I probably wouldn't pay full price to stay here again, but if they keep comping me rooms I will be hard pressed to turn them down.
2	We stayed here in July and arrived after an awesome stay at the M Resort. So in comparison, we were so disappointed and wished we would have stated at the M. The first room smelled like sewer. Maintenance came and did a couple of things, sprayed smelly stuff, we left for a few hours, but it still smelled. So when you call down to the front desk, you get put on HOLD until someone picks up. I probably had to wait a good 3 minutes.We move rooms, and the tv didn't work. Not a big deal, but we were hungover and wanted to chill before the next round. Yeah the technology is cool, but it went wacky a couple of times. The curtains opened up when we pushed a different button. You also have to trek across the hotel to get to the elevators for the rooms, which had lines while the security guy checked your door card.Overall the hotel already looks a little beat up. The picture frames in our room had dents in the frame itself. The furniture was scuffed up. You can see they really hussled to get it put together in the end and didn't do the greatest job. Customer service was just ok. Someone's breakfast was left in the hall until the next day.The availability of quick, cheap eats is non-existent. We ate at the pool restaurant which was good, but expensive for what it was.End result: we will never stay here again.
5	This was the nicest hotel experience we ever had!  I thought the customer service was fantastic and whoever was cleaning the rooms did a fabulous job.  Yes, the high tech stuff in the room could get a bit confusing but once you get used to it I think it was awesome.This was a "no gimmick" hotel and was very classy all the way through.  The rooms were comfy and quiet.   The staff was very friendly and helpful.  The drinks were a bit expensive and not too strong but this is Vegas.I was a bit shocked to see the 2nd review in Yelp as being horrible.  I had just the opposite experience.  If I go back to Vegas this is the place I will definitely stay again!
4	Right when you walk into this hotel, your nostrils will be assaulted by the fragrance of Tahitian Vanilla. It's quite strong, but I can appreciate them covering up the smell of cigarette smoke.The rooms are spacious and very high-tech. I set my "alarm" to turn on the TV to CNN and open the curtains to wake me up.There are 3 pools and none of them are nearly as crowded as the other hotels (e.g. Encore Beach Club or Rehab at Hard Rock) although not nearly in the same league either.City Center is a great spot to be in order to quickly hop over to other hotels. Aria has a tram that will take you over to the Bellagio.
5	fkn pimp ass hotelwe stayed here a few weekends in the Sky Suitestoo cool!  way expensive and the views were amazing!the room has like a 270 degree view of the surroundng city.we had the corner suite, so it was super pimp on top of being just plain pimp in generalu get my drift.we paid out of our asses for this shitbut the place was bombordered room service till u can throw up everything is expensive as fukwe paid $16 for an order of pancakes. PANCAKES!  for realthey were bomb, but theyre still PANCAKES!!! WTF!?!?!?!but we did order room service like 20 timeswe did rent a cabana at the pool and drank our asses offuhhhh, i still feel disgusted.btw, would u think im talking about a nice room?y is the whole description about our disgustingness!?!?!?because we party our asses off with no remorsewe went to Lee's Discount Liquor prior to checking in and bought like $300 worht of beer and hard liquorwe crakced a large Johnny Walker Black Label bottle in like 2 hours after checking in.  For reals!  5 dudes and 1 large bottlejust imagine what the club situation was like with 12 dudesDISASTER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!overall, a great timei think all of vegas knew we had a great timebut watever!  i even barfed! it was great! i dont even remember it happening!!!! all the makings of a classic vegas weekend!  enjoy!
3	3.5 starsUpon check-in I was kindly informed by the staff lady that 75% of Aria's rooms are King-size beds. So for the customers who are eager to check-in into a 2 queen bed, you better make sure you arrive there early (especially on the weekends).  What I like about Aria was the restaurants that are available. They're decent and not too pricey. I do love the pastry section of the casino. I feel like I'm a little kid all over again; spoiling myself with sweet goodies. - The minute you step into the room the curtains open and you get the beautiful view of the pool and the other hotels. The view was just breath-taking!- The bed was pretty comfy and the room has a touch of modern decor. Another plus thing about the room is they have a touch screen remote that controls everything in the room. I was pretty cite about that cool feature.  Dislike about the hotel:- Beware the sink in the rooms can get pretty dirty. And no, I don't mean it in a sexy way. I swear every time I use the sink, I end up with water all over my shirt/dress. The water shoots at a weird diagonal and so you're meant to get wet, regardless if your careful. - The walk to the pool and to the other rooms are ridiculous. If I want to go to a certain level I had to go down to the lobby and then get into the correct elevator that takes you to your desire floors. What is that?!?! It's such a waste of time!!!   Overall, I would stay here again, but I hope they do something about the restroom issue and the elevator convenience.
5	Well, the rooms are nice as your gonna get. I mean they are pimp! Beds are to die for, and everything in the room room is controlled by remotes. the food there was pricey but very good. You definitely wanna have jack with ya if you are staying there. I wasn't super impressed with casino, it's not huge like MGM or Mirage but it's cool nonetheless.
5	Stayed here the weekend of September 10th in a 1 Bedroom Skysuites room 56002. Yes we were on the 56th floor, city view!!! (I will get to that later).The girlfriend and I flew to LV and when we arrived at the airport the Skysuites limo driver was waiting at baggage claim for us. We got our luggage, and he proceeded to take my girlfriend's luggage for her. The entire arrival into to Skysuites was flawless. As soon as the limo pulled up into the private entrance to the hotel a bellman was already getting luggage out of the car before we were out of the door. The limo driver proceeded to walk us all the way inside to the reception desk where a very pleasant lady name Olga assisted us. While checking in another person came by with complimentary beverages. Originally I had booked a mountain view Skysuites during a special they were having, but I decided to ask about a city view if possible. Olga was happy to inform me that I could have an amazing room on the 56th floor facing the strip...at not extra cost to us!After arriving at the room we were amazed. The curtains opened, the Tvs turned on, music started playing... welcoming us to the room. The room in itself was immaculate. Plenty of space, very well designed, and they made efficient use of the entire layout. I know other reviewers were complaining about the in room technology but I found the technology easy to work and was extremely innovative. Being able to control the entire room from a touchscreen was something really nice. Plenty of times in other hotels I would forget to turn off lights, close the curtains, etc before hoping into bed, but with this it didn't matter. With the simple push of a button labeled "goodnight" everything turned off, the curtains closed, and we were at peace in one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. The rest of the stay was remarkable. The pool was really nice, LIQUID was a blast except for the $100 minimum for a lounge chair, Cafe Vetro was delicious, the buffet for a Sunday brunch wasn't half bad, and the tram from city center to Bellagio was very convenient. All in all I did not have any problem with the hotel, everything was perfect, any staff that we walked by in hallways or the casino always greeted you with a smile and hello. There is too much to write about my experience but do not pay attention to other reviewers. Aria is THE place to stay in Vegas at the moment. Try it out, you'll LOVE it.
4	I went here for my 21st birthday along with my girlfriend. We stayed only 2 nights and had the Sky Suite on the 35th floor with the Strip view.Originally I had requested the regular King room, and when I checked in and went to my room, it really didn't do a lot for me. First off when I inspected the room, there was what appeared to be a fairly large dried loogie of snot (sorry for the graphic description) on one of the pieces of furniture in the room. Secondly, the strip view from the room, although nice, was not the epic view I was looking for to celebrate my 21st with in Vegas.I returned to the hotel lobby and while waiting in line, was greeted by a very friendly young associate named Anthony, who ushered me over to a private desk and very casually told me about a special they had with the Sky Suites. I could not turn down the awesome deal the hotel was offering, and I got the 35th floor Suite with the strip view instead of the 22nd floor normal King room.The suite the hotel gave us was amazing, the 2 separate rooms were very nice, the architecture and the decor was all very modern and relaxing. I find the frill and fanciness of some classic hotels, even in the suites, to be too overwhelming for me. The bathroom is grand and the bathtub with jets is very nice. The shower is large with a bench and has a high swivel spout (which I love because I'm tall). The technology in the room is wonderful. From a bedside touch screen display, or from the televisions in either rooms, you can control every aspect of the room. Every single light individually (with brightness) or all of them at once, the curtains and black out shades to be drawn or closed, and the alarm setup (which can open the curtains). Plus you can also set up the do not disturb preferences and the house keeping requests from the panel or TV's. Room service you cannot do from the TV or Touchpad, but the room phone is wireless which makes everything pretty much seamless if you want to be super lazy.Floor 35's view of the strip was wonderful. My love and I stayed up till dawn watching the sun come up over the Eastern hills of the valley Vegas sits in. From our room we could see the airport and strip clearly, it was interesting seeing planes land "below" where you are.It was nice to wake up at night and just look out at the twinkling lights of Vegas below.The layout of the hotel in its unique S shape is intriguing, not too many squares and corners, but a a lot of soft long curves that define the layout gracefully. There is no one way to get to a specific spot in the building, or all of City Center for that matter.The art in the hotel is very modern, the architecture is something you have to see at least once in your life. It was very relaxing walking through the casinos, the ambiance for being in Vegas is surprisingly classy. There is a unique incense they always have circulating the main floors that will have you intrigued. The casino is amazing and fun, although the limits are too high for my cheap butt, I know many gamblers enjoy this floor. I spent my time at Slots a Fun and Sahara's $1 Blackjack. If I was a high roller though, Aria would be my Casino of choice, hands down. Who knows, there is always next year.The bars on the casino floor of the Aria are mind numbingly expensive. My lady and I shared a shot of tequila and a vodka red-bull and it set us back $28. There are millions of little secrets for cheap and or free drinks in Vegas, so if you don't have a lot to spend, stay away from these beautiful but expensive bars.The Buffet at Aria is to die for in my opinion. My lady and I had just checked out and packed up when we decided to farewell Aria by visiting the buffet, and we made a good decision. We ate at around 1, so there was still a small breakfast section left. The lunch section was great, I have never seen a buffet carry Indian, Mexican, Japanese, Chinese, Brittish, Irish, Italian, American and more dishes and in such variety of each. We left with diversified palettes and full bellies.We also ate at Todd English P.U.B. the night we arrived. VERY well cooked English food with a very unique selection of beer. My lady had a chocolate and strawberry beer that was surprisingly good.Aria was treat. I will most likely be returning.
2	My husband and I stayed in an Aria corner suite for 6 days this past August. The hotel itself is very visually appealing and the vibe is somewhat less casino-esque than most other hotels on the strip. However, be prepared to fork over a pretty penny on anything City Center related. With that being said, I expected significantly more than what we actually got.The check -in process was quick and painless and our room was ready significantly earlier than expected (around noon on the day we arrived). However upon enter the room we were greeted with a distinct cigarette smell in this non-smoking room. In addition, it appeared that housekeeping wasn't very attentive as there was dust everywhere and the floors were dirty to the point of very obvious hair and dirt visible in the bathrooms. Most of the furniture was also stained. The master bathroom toilet's "electronic" functions did not work and there was a major crack in the metal hinge on the door. Also, the sinks are terrible (they look nice but...) as the splash water everywhere. The tub also leaves something to be desired. The views, however, were nice and we also enjoyed turndown service.The pools are beautiful but drinks (while tasty and strong) are going to cost you an arm and a leg.All in all, expensive, expensive, expensive. I won't be staying here again.
4	If you are looking for Clean, No smoke, New, and 5 star... then your options in Vegas can include the Aria. I would not call it true 5 star by any means, but if you like the Wynn, Bellagio, then the Aria fits in that class. Very modern "W" or "intercontinental" feel with great restaurants and the modern touches you expect with a newer place.
4	After reading reviews that were hit or miss on this place, I was lucky that it was a hit for me.  Rooms:  very high-tech. When you walk in, the tv turns on with some music, and the curtains open up so you can see the view.  Everything is controlled by the tv remote.  You can even check up-to-date flight status, adjust all the lights, curtains, etc. all on that remote.  If you don't like all this technology, you might get frustrated, but I loved it. The regular rooms are not suites, and are sized as regular rooms, so keep that in mind.  It's a decent size, but if you're used to other Vegas hotels and all rooms being suites (ie Venetian), you'll think this room is small.  Spacious closets, soft bath towels, large flat screen tv.  The distance from the elevator to our room was quite a trek, and we weren't even at the end.Bed:  wow, what a soft and comfy bed.  I believe it was a memory foam pillow top they have on the mattress.  I had no problems falling asleep.Bathroom:  I heard this hotel is an eco-friendly green hotel.  That being said, they have those sinks/faucets that spray the water out in a certain way.  After using the sink, I looked around the counter and my clothes and it looked like a had a water fight with myself.  It is a dual sink, and maybe I just have a lot of stuff, but there was barely enough counter space for 2 people. The toilet is separated from the rest of the bathroom by a frosted glass door and wall (and the ventilation is automatically on).  So technically you can see a silhouette if someone else is in the bathroom with you.  The shower head is awesome.  To get to the tub, you have to go thru the shower, and I'm not really a fan of that, and that's just a personal preference.  The amenities are the standard amenities, however, there were no cotton swabs or shoe buffs or mini sewing kits to take home with me, err, I mean use at the room.  Food:  I did not eat at any of their establishments.Sportsbook:  Not a fan of the setup.  No free drinks there either.  WTH.Casino:  the layout is pretty wide.  Also, they try to cover up any smoke smell with some sort of light vanilla scent.  No theme at this hotel whatsoever so it doesn't feel like you're in Paris, Italy, Egypt, Medieval Times, etc..  It is just a clean, modern/contemporary hotel.  Parking:  I am cheap and won't even take advantage of the Vegas free valet.  Self parking used to have ridiculously large spaces when they first opened which was such a waste of space, but now it's normal.  They have a handful of low emission/alternative fuel parking spaces available, but unfortunately all but 1 car was legitimately parked there.  It takes a while to walk from the parking to the guest elevators, fyi, and you take an outdoor (but covered) ramp to the caisno as well.Pool:  3 pools, and the beach club, Liquid.  I didn't have a chance to utilize it but it looked like your standard fare pool.  Spa:  Didn't use, but I would love to check it out as it did look very nice.Overall:  I am glad I tried this hotel, and while not the most exciting, I would definitely stay here again at a promotional price.
2	Would've given a 5 star for the new and posh rooms and almost smoke free casino.  However, the customer service dragged their score done.  Arrived at Saturday, 9/11 around noon to check in.  It was a little early but the front desk assured us (4 couples with 4 rooms) that while the rooms were ready yet, they were being cleaned.  It wouldn't take more than 2 hours to be done.  All sounded fair since we were early.  Walked around in Crystal and only 1 friend got the call letting her know that her room was ready.  That was 1:30 pm.  We all went to front desk to pick up the key  with her and check on the status of the rest of the rooms.  At this point only 2 out 4 rooms were ready.  We went and chilled in the 2 rooms while waiting for the rest to be done.  An hour went by and we called front desk to check the status only to be put on hold for 20 minute before being told that they were trying to connect with housekeeping for the status and will call us.  Another10 or 15 went by, and I got impatient.  I went outside and found a housekeeping staff and told her I needed to know if my room which was right next door was ready.  She opened the door to check and sure enough it was a mess.  Housekeeping hadn't got to it yet, and it was 3 pm.  The lady began working on it immediately. I went back to my friend's room next door and got a call from front desk saying housekeeping is working on my room.  Duh... I knew that.  I was the one who dragged housekeeping over to clean the room.   40 minutes later, I sent my husband to front desk to complain, and he called to tell me that he got our room key and it was finally ready.  Right after I spoke to him, front desk called to ask me if they should send my key up to my friend's room.  Duh... My husband already go the keys.  Again, that was almost 4 pm!!!  We got there at noon.  What is wrong with Aria customer service?  1) No communication between front desk and housekeeping; 2) not prioritizing to clean the rooms that guests already tried to check in to.  My conclusion is that MGM group is trying to save a few bucks by not hiring enough cleaning staff and training front desk staff properly.  I don't think we'll be staying at Aria any time soon until they get their act together and up the customer service standards.  Such a beautiful hotel.   What a waste...
4	Great hotel and Casino in Vegas. The lobby SMELLS good... for real, I don't know what they pump in there, but you don't smell smoke or stale air.  It's noticeable that there's a fragrance in the air... it's subtle enough to not be too much, but just enough to be refreshing. Unlike many of the hotels in Vegas the walk from the lobby to the room elevators is pretty short!!!The rooms are pretty spacious, clean and super smart.  I think a little too smart for my taste.  I enjoyed the room lighting up, the window shades opening and in the TV turning on when we walked into the room, but trying to figure out how to turn some of the things on in the middle of the night was a bit problematic.  I loved the desk/TV wall/AV post.  You can plug in your ipod, usb drive, etc. into this AV post... only problem is that it's all controlled by the remote control and at times just didn't want to work for us.
5	This new comer on the Strip is by far the most refined and contemporary accomodation offer out there. Decently priced for the quality (less than the Wynn), the architecture and design is simply breath taking with a maniac attention to details. Service was top notch. Location is very convenient near the south center of the Strip. Rooms are comfortable, views from the 50th floor where I was were super. If I ever go back to LV, I will book the Aria again.
4	Latest mega-resort in Vegas owned by MGM.  It's going to eat the lunch of alot of the older casinos.  Really nice modern design and impressive silhouette from the outside...this place makes the MGM look like a boutique hotel.Room was phenomenal, better than either Mandalay or the Hotel rooms I've had.  Super cool fixtures (everyting connected to LDC computer, one touch drapes, etc.).  Awesome bathroom with glassed off shower & bathtub next to each other in a space bigger than most Vegas entire bathrooms.   Would definitely stay there again.
2	It's big, it's new, its awkward. Don't get me wrong, I'm about as awkward as a virgin in college but when it comes to casinos - it should ooze cool, sex should be pouring out of the wallpaper and the drink girls should scream "bend me over on your knee and call me susan". This casino lacks an overall theme, a personality, and to get from 1 location to another requires a mile walk. For what the casino/hotel lacks in personality and convenience, I must say their service people were pretty nice - except for one of the cab guys that seemed annoyed that I wanted to handle my own baggage where I hear him say "Some ppl just don't understand this is how we make a living". So Aria, you are a song that I won't press repeat on sorry.
4	Loved this hotel!Location: great central location on the strip. Easy to get anywhere on or off the strip.Check-in: smooth, fast, and efficient. Room upgrades available for as little as $15 a nightLobby and casino: modern tasteful decoration, exceptionally neat and clean (not a ton of empty glasses and overflowing ash trays like in other strip hotels), very fast drink service with wonderfully friendly waitresses, and no horrible ciggarette smell due to the Arias signature vanilla air freshening scent.Room: lovely furnishings, extremely comfortable soft bed, amazing strip view, marble bathroom with frosted glass toilet enclosure and glass shower tub combo, fun and useful master remote for all functions in the room (lights, curtains, tv, music, etc). Housekeeping was more than efficient. Go to breakfast for an hour and come back to a clean fresh room every time!Pool: My favorite spot! Three beautiful pools and 3 hot tubs. More than enough lounge chairs and umbrellas no crowding or fighting for chairs what so ever. Lovely landscaping. Fast and friendly waitresses. Large strong drinks for descent prices for Vegas. Perfect place to relax and spend the day.Buffet: breakfast was great, lots of choices, no lines or waiting in relaxed modern room. Definetly better than the Bellagios breakfast spread and far less crowded. Went to the Bellagio buffet once this trip and wished we just stayed at the Aria! Dinner was ok, the crab legs were great everything else was average. For $15 the breakfast buffet was the best deal of the trip!My only real con was the fact the the daily service charge hold is $130 per day which really adds up on your credit card if you are there for more than a few nights. Yes it gets paid back if not used but a charge this high was the only suprise of the trip.I would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat and would reccomend it to anyone!
4	We stayed at the Aria 2 nights a month ago and had a very nice time. My parents as well as my husband and I both had rooms with 1 king sized bed. For whatever reason we didn't get 2 beds as we normally do when traveling with our 3-year-old and she thrashes when she sleeps so I was not looking forward to spending 2 nights being kicked. When we left our room to walk the strip on the first day we ran into housekeeping. We asked her if she could have a cot sent up for the baby and she was so nice. When we came back to the room she had made up an adorable little bed for our daughter by pushing two chairs together and securing them with the sheets. She even set up her stuffed animals, our daughter was delighted with her bed and we were delighted we didn't have to pay extra for a folding bed or get kicked all night!My father can be a hard man to please ( he has a slight Tony Soprano complex) and even he was impressed with the hotel service. He had a problem checing in, and for my father that could have tainted the whole weekend, but everyone was so accomodating and called to check to make sure everything was ok, even he was pleased.We tried to lay out by the pools, which were very nice looking but of course we got the 1 windy, cold day of the year and only lasted about 15 minutes outside. I am coming back with some girlfriends next summer and am hoping that we stay at Aria again!
4	If you're staying at Aria, the Sky Suites are the only way to go.  Amazing views and service.  There's also an area wherer they serve H'or Derves throughout the day.  The fridge is also stock with compliementary wine, juice, and soda.The rooms are "innovative" with a control panel bedside that allows you to control everything at your finger tips.The property itself is huge and it's quite a walk to get to the strip.  There's a large selection of restuarants and Crystals, the adjacent mall is a high-end shopper's paradise.I only stayed here for 2 days and would need to come back and checkout everything else this place has to offer.
5	I loved the Aria. Our room was modern, with a comfy king bed and an awesome shower. The view wasn't that great, but we didn't spend tons of time in the room anyway. Our elevator was next to Jean-Phillippe, which was dangerous since they always have sugary pastries out. Gambling in the hotel wasn't absurdly expensive either, so we had a pretty good time there.
4	This was an amazing place to stay while I was at an Expo going on there this week. I had a sky king suite that over looked some of the strip. When I entered the room, the lights came on, music played, and the drapes opened. I think I remember holding up my arms and saying I have arrived!For a tech conference, this was the perfect room, it was totally geeked out, with touch screen panel that controlled everything. Even the TV had an entire side panel for any kind of video input you wanted to hook up. Even your IPOD could be hooked up to go over the in room speaker system.I was warned about the fridgerator. It was all weight sensitive. So if you took something out, it kept track of it. It was crazy!The architecture in the place is pretty crazy. But I enjoyed it.My only complaint was it was VERY expensive to eat/drink/play here. No tables under 20$ a hand, mixed drinks STARTED @ 15$, bloody mary's ran 18$, a  beer was 8$! We ventured off site many times just because it was so expensive here. Otherwise it was a great place to stay during the week!
5	Great service great decor, hotel rooms are untouchable...most people say that "your hardly gonna stay at your room why get a nice place" well why not haha Only problem is the walk from the hotel out to the strip its like a mile in itself but this is a review on the hotel right...ill always be back to this hotel
1	My boyfriend and I came to Las Vegas last weekend for my 21st birthday and we stayed at the Palazzo for two nights and then Aria for Sunday night. Compared to the Palazzo, the Aria was a complete disappointment. I actually never wanted to stay here but my boyfriend insisted so I agreed to a night of it. I'm semi-glad I agreed because he never wants to come back here. Glad he got that out of his system. I'd have to say Aria's problem was that they tried too hard. They wanted to be trendy and innovative but I'd have to say that was the cause of their demise because it failed.Hotel Layout: I'd have to say idiots designed this hotel. The floor layout looked like an X (a V and an upside down V connected). There is only one elevator at the center and about 50-100 rooms on each arm. Ice is only located on one side of each V and there is no way to get to the other side except to walk all the way back to the elevators. My boyfriend and I happened to get the second to last room and it was literally a 15 minute walk back and forth from the elevator. Room: Seeing as how we stayed in Palazzo and all the rooms are suites, this room literally seemed like I was staying in a box. I haven't stayed in any of the other 3+ star hotels with normal hotel rooms so I don't know the space compares to those. Bathroom: They tried to be innovative and trendy by putting this glossy looking door to the toilet up but you could see through it! They might as well not have had the door because in order to have your privacy, you had to close the actual bathroom doors and then the toilet door. -Tub: Small, my boyfriend could barely fit in there by himself. And also very strange! They had the shower and tub behind the same door. I'm guessing it was their solution to saving space because otherwise the bathroom was pretty tiny. Bedroom: Instead of light switches, you have buttons. But i'd have to say I'd rather use light switches because they're at least responsive. The buttons didn't always turn on the lights. It was almost like a casino game. Sometimes you'd get lucky and they'd turn on, sometimes they wouldn't. But the goodnight button that turns off all the lights always worked!-Bed: My boyfriend preferred Aria's bed to Palazzo's because it was softer. I agree but I like tougher beds so I preffed Palazzo. One annoying thing about Aria's bed though was how they made it. The covers went underneath the pillows. They give you like 6 pillows and if you're sitting on the bed, you have to get up, throw the pillows on the floor, in order to untuck the covers and get underneath. Television: I liked how their television had a guide. Palazzo's didn't and it was kind of annoying have to search through every single channel (especially since I don't know what the channel numbers in Las Vegas correspond to). Safe: Small, all I could fit in the safe was a laptop and a sunglass case. They put it inside a drawer so it's really shallow and small. Cool Things:Door Lock: You flash your card in front of the door look to open it. No need to insert. TV: You can turn on the lights, air conditioning, music all through the tv!
5	The Aria has to be the best hotel on the Strip. It has the best of both worlds, high end service with out the stuffiness of the Bellagio and trendy young crowd like Planet Hollywood. I've stayed at a handful of different resorts on the Strip and the only place I'll stay from now on is The Aria. The rooms we're real nice and simple. The bed was extremely comfortable and lets not forget the mechanical curtains. The bathroom has a walk in shower and a large bathtub. One thing I did notice that reminded me of a Ritz-Carlton was how there was always a cleaning crew on the floor. The casino was awesome, always playing great top 40 tunes. The waitresses around the casino were quick and friendly. I never had an empty drink. Congrats MGM on your new Aria
1	Very nice rooms but they charged me extra $500+ on some room charge i did not make... they said they filed a claim challenge but took the money from my account 3 months later and that was suppose to be my rent money...  signature on the receipt was clearly not mine but charge me anyways i will never stay here again
4	I'll preface this by saying my trip here was paid for (not by me), so I really have no idea how much the rooms run. That said, I thought it was very nice. I liked the decor - natural yet contemporary. I thought all of the employees were super friendly, not just in a service-y way but just friendly and talkative. Our room had a great view and the fancy touchscreen remote for everything (curtains, TV, music, alarm, etc.) was cool. We are not Vegas people so I can't comment on the casino, however, I will say in our 4 days we ventured out onto the strip once and decided we'd rather be in our "oasis" at Aria. I am giving it only 4 stars for two reasons: for such a futuristic hotel with all the electronic goodies, we were shocked they didn't offer free wi-fi, and, the food (albeit good everywhere we ate) was pricey (I thought food in Vegas was supposed to be cheap??).
5	Changing my review year later.Stayed in Aria sky suites this time. Loved it. Of course it cost a lot more, but was worth it.Place got cleaned up.Crowds are of better quality.Definitely will consider going back.
5	Love this casino.Love the rooms, love the atmosphere, love that it doesn't smell like cigars despite all the smokers. I have been to Aria on more than one occasion and besides the key cards sometimes not working that is the only negative I have been able to find. Love that they have a remote control in your room that allows you to control the lights, tv, music, even the damn drapes.  Love it when your buddy is in the toilet and then you turn off the lights from the other room.  He turns it on, then you turn it off.  Yes it is a bit childish, yes I am in my 30's and yes it is still funny to me. But the coolest button to me is the  "Goodnight" button.  When you hit that button, everything shuts off.  The TV, lights, the drapes close and you have a dark room to knock out even if it's 11 a.m. and you are just stumbling in. Also if you gamble in the Casino area, how can you not love that they offer you Macallan scotch.  That is some good scotch that at a regular bar or club it's worth almost $15.  Love those penny slot machines just for that reason.  Never had any complains there and will keep coming back there as long as my players club card keeps giving me offers to go back and stay there.
2	I would say this is closer to a lower end 4-star hotel than a 5-star hotel.  Although the building is nice and the rooms are well-appointed, there are a few drawbacks bringing down my rating.  When we checked in, the room wasn't cleaned properly.  It appeared to be clean at first glance, but then we noticed that the floor wasn't vacuumed (we actually found a piece of broken glass on the floor as well as what looked like food crumbs), there was hair in the shower drain, and the mirrors had smudges all over them.  I would expect this from a 2 or 3-star hotel, but not  from a 4 or 5-star one.  We gave the hotel the benefit of the doubt and decided to see if they would clean the room better after our first night.  When we returned to our room the following evening, it looked like they spent 5 minutes in there.  The beds were sloppily made; the floors, mirrors, and bathroom counters weren't cleaned; hair remained in the shower drain and they took the tip I left as if the felt they deserved it.  I wanted it back after seeing the disappointing work they did.The toiletries they provided were also bad.  First, they come in hideously large, thick plastic bottles that are far from eco-friendly.  Second, the actual product they provide are some of the worst I've experienced.  Luckily I brought my own shampoo and body wash, so all I had to use was their horrible conditioner.  Aside from the cleaning staff and the poor products, the rest of the hotel staff was extremely nice and helpful.  And the hotel is in a great location.
5	The rooms are awesome! I love the fact that everything can be controlled with the remote control. The TV, lights, service if you want it, curtains, the list goes on. It was bliss.The beds were very comfortable and had several pillows. The bathroom is huge with plenty of room. The amenities are pretty neat too.  Overall this hotel was beautiful. Great location, fantastic rooms and very clean. The rooms are great. Ordered room service and it was prompt and friendly. The Aria was very modern and everything was brand new.  This was the standard room, I can only imagine what the suites look like. Maybe one day I'll be lucky enough to stay at one of those. The casino is so modern. I didn't gamble much at this casino cause some of the tables were a little over my budget. We enjoyed walking through Crystals shopping center on the way to and from the strip. All in all a wonderful long weekend. I would stay here again. Love it!!!
4	If you stay in the sky suites you are in for a treat!  I  gave it 4 stars because they gave us keys that didn't work when we walked all the way up to the room from the normal check in.  Also, they don't have a drop off for caps at the sky suites which means less convenience for us.  Other than that, I loved the view of the 3 pools and the remote controls in the room are outstanding.  There is an extra guard for our area at all times of the day, and there is a complimentary area for special danishes, muffins, coffee and drinks.  Worth the stay!!
2	Two stars because a friend's room was broken into by one of their staff and we received no good explanation or an adequate apology.  Bed was fantastic, room has a nice modern design, although the ubiquitous  and played out light granite was in evidence here. Really like the gadget oriented amenities (video hook up for iPods and iPhones). After comparing it to the Venetian, however, there are far better options. I doubt they will remain a high end establishment at the end of 5 years and will fade out like the Luxor. I guess it's true that you want to avoid any MGM owned hotels. Not bad, but there are far better options.
5	design orgasm.
4	i was surprisingly impressed by aria!i was a little apprehensive to stay here, but a friend of mine was on business here in a corner suite. the room was BEAUTIFUL, SPACIOUS and incredibly modern. loved the decor and furniture in our room & all over the hotel. i usually frequent the venetian and have stayed at the encore before, but aria didn't fall short of those two either. i'm not sure what the standard rooms look like, but our suite was complete with all the bells & whistles you could dream up. staff was friendly almost everywhere we went in the hotel, the casino has a great range of tables/games, each restaurant/lounge/cafe around the lobby and promenade was so pretty and creative, the ambiance and the fabulous scent of the hotel were all extremely pleasant.the location of this hotel was great and within walking distance of either side of the strip.
4	Nice and decent, but would I stay there again? Depends if I can get a decent deal or whom I'm with. Nice room, but only if I would actually stay inside, seriously we're in Vegas, who's gonna stay in their room. All I need in a room when I'm in Vegas was a bed and a hot shower.
2	Some features are intended to dazzle you and they do. Some features are intended to dazzle you and fail miserably.The architecture is stunning.  The architecture is problematic when you feel like you'll need sunscreen for the long wait at hotel check-in or check-out or when you notice that the desk clerks have to cover the screens with their bodies to do their jobs because of the glare.The room is loaded with cool tech, but it works sporadically.  Some times lights come on, sometimes they don't.  The bathroom faucets are really neat, until you turn them up too high and they spray you.  The footing on the marble slab shower pan is scary.The basics have been overlooked.  Despite the neat little applications on my TV, I can't check out from the TV in the room.  The check-in/check-out process is a disaster.  If you think you're going to cut it close on your escape to the airport, good luck, you're probably won't make it.  You have to walk at least a football field's distance from the front entrance to the taxi stand.  If it's raining, don't attempt to pay a visit to the Crystals shopping complex, you're going to get wet.Bottom line, Aria attempts to be what Wynn and Venetian are and fails.  For their price point, to only earn two stars from me is unacceptable.  I won't be staying at Aria again.
5	This hotel is very contemporary!  Very interesting and beautiful designs all over the hotel. the employees greet you everytime they see you every one of them. it was a wonderful experience! worth the money that we paid. The room service came twice a day which was such a convenience! loved every moment of it with my husband! it was our 3 yr anniv and they did a very wonderful free upgrade! we were left in awe! they brought in some chocolate covered strawberries and 2 macaroons! just a great place with great employees! The rooms are all remote controlled so gotta apply a bit of your technology knowledge, but totally worth it!  love the restaurants, just amazing food! absolutely loved the buffet this Aria! a hundred times better then the one at the Planet Hollywood! would recomend to all our friends and family! and already started suggesting this hotel!
5	I think that Aria is a great choice when you are looking for a place to stay on the strip. The location is great and there is a tram that will take you to Bellagio and Monte Carlo which is great when it is 100+ degrees out!The staff was amazing! From the front desk, the cleaners, the concierge desk and just the various workers throughout the casino we were treated politely.We checked in on a Sunday, so the price was right and it wasn't too packed at the front desk. If you really have to check in or don't want to wait in a line (which all popular hotels have on the strip at many different times in the day) you can talk to an Aria helper in the gray suits roaming around the check in area. Yes, the rooms are on one side while the elevator is on the other side but it never took us 15 minutes to get to the elevator and we were pretty far down. Taking 2 minutes to walk to an elevator doesn't at all seem to me a good reason to knock on the hotel at all!The room was awesome. In the other reviews, everyone brought up awesome technology. You press one button and the room lights come on, the tv turns mood music on and the wall to wall curtains open. Pretty sweet. The room was a great size for me and my husband. Very nicely done! I loved it. I also LOVED the bathroom. I was here with just my husband, so the foggy glass door that separates the toilet from the rest of the bathroom didn't bother me as one reviewer was bothered by the "lack of" privacy. You can always just shut the actual bathroom door. The tub in the shower is a PERFECT idea. I liked taking a bath and not worrying about the water overflowing onto the floor. This way, it goes into the shower and drains! Awesome.My favorite part of the entire room was the BED. Oh my. It was like sleeping on a cloud. If you like super plush mattresses, this is the king of all mattresses. I even looked to see what the brand was so I could rush home and buy one for my husband and I!I really enjoyed my stay at Aria. I have stayed in many hotels on the strip, including Wynn and Venetian and have to say that Aria did right by me and my husband!! We will definitely stay here again.
4	Aria was quite nice. Location is good, and in the center of the strip across from the Bellagio. Good restaurants, has a wonderful mall, next to the Miracle Mile shops, and everything is clean and shiny and new and not crowded. Checking in was very quick and a breeze. The front desk guy was very nice and walked us through the Aria experience, although of course, we forgot all of that as soon as we walked away from him. Thank god for the map he gave us. Elevators are fast, and they aren't dirty. Room was very nice! Comfy bed, nice TV, and I really liked having the room "greet" me. The layout of the room was very nice and comfortable, and since my boyfriend had a final for one of his online classes, the easily accessible and multiple ports came in handy when we plugged in our equipment. Very nice.The bathroom was fine. I actually like having the shower and bathtub next to each other. Very Asian, and convenient. Take a shower to wash off the day's grime, then soak in the tub! Water pressure and temperature were fine, and I didn't see previous guest's hairs anywhere in the bathroom.I especially enjoyed the daily turnover service. Yes!!! They were also kind enough to rearrange my toiletries beautifully, instead of leaving them in the jumbled mess that I had left them with.The only problem I had was sleeping. The fan kept on waking me up, and there was no way to turn it off. But that was only the first night, and I wasn't quite drunk enough to sleep well. The next few nights were perfectly fine. Overall, great hotel, and feels very clean. Who cares if there is no obvious theme? As long as my room is nice. I would come here again.
3	Ohhh Aria, you are a conundrum in the world of upscale hotels. Are you beautiful beyond compare? Kinda. Do you smell like vanilla? Yes, your the whole bottle and a bag of chips. Your rooms...well, dusty as hell! I called room service 3 or 4 times to deal with the dust and all the little bits floating around. But it was never able to be dealt with. My friend ended up getting sick/sore throat from all that freaking dust.We also didn't get the floor/room we requested because the cleaning crew are not only inefficient, but they are slow as Chicago pigeons with no feet. Aria has the look of a 5-star  hotel on the exterior but inside the shell its all 3-star!!!!!!!!!!!!Only book this hotel if you get a deal. We paid $151 per night. Had we paid full price, I would have been beyond cranky.
4	I was meeting my mother in Vegas and wanted to find a hotel that was convenient and not intimidating.  The Aria is a good option for people who want to check in, enjoy the perks of the hotel, pick from the many restaurants on the premies, and not be overwhelmed by all the beautiful people and 20-year-olds you'd find at, say The Palms.  Very comfortable, good service, nice pool.  Love "Liquid," the poolside bar with a great DJ.  Not crazy about the scented air (vanilla in the lobby, musk en route to the pool).  Cool fountains out front.  Rooms very very comfortable with amazing views.  I didn't find any of the automated things (curtains, lights, tv) confusing, as some other posters have.  As with all plush hotels, you can't use the mini 'fridge because it's completely full of honor bar snacks (if you could call it an "honor bar" when it's actually booby-trapped to bill your room when you remove a snack--even if you put it right back).  Great bathroom, lighting, beds.  Everything is brand new and squeaky clean.  I'm not a big casino person, but the casino seemed kind of dead.  Good restaurants of various stripes, but no good bar other than Liquid at the pool.  No good night club.  Free valet parking.
3	ehh im on the fence with this one. service was awful. wtf is the point of having a reservation if they dont actually keep it?! we called to confirm our room and the nice gentleman said it was ready and they would hold it all night, regardless if we came or not. then come check in time, the front desk lady said they didnt have a room (in fact, it was the complete opposite of what we wanted and paid for). the snippy, sassy manager patrick comes over and instead of apologizing or helping he just gives us attitude and says it happens all the time. overall, the hotel is nice and if i hadnt experienced that crappy service, it would be 5 stars all the way. oh and the blackout curtains are not blackout. although they do open and the lights turn on automatically when you open the door. soft sheets, great view, remote control for everything in one location, free web access to their website and sister sites and their lobby smells so good (they must pump air freshener in there). nice bathroom (though the water pressure is weak) and comfy bath robes. oh-- and no vent in the bathroom...?
3	I give it four stars since we got all these VIP passes from the Valet guy, bell hop guy, and the front desk guy ^^-2 for our tv breaking down when we needed it most and taking forever for an engineer to come up!! lol and also for the check out lady who gave us some unneccessary remarks of our bill being a balance of $0. FYI lady!!! It's company expense and we didn't touch sh*t in the room!!! She gave us that tone that we got other ppl to pay our bills for the room. Just bc her life sux doesn't mean she gotta take it out on us lmhoCame here for our first annual company trip to celebrate getting on the top 200 list in the INC. 500|5000 magazine this year!! :DThe check in was quick and painless. They didn't have 2 queens for us so they upgraded us to a King and to a higher floor.The view was sooooo beautiful it overlooked the city and the valet below and it was everything a vegas experience should be (: - I love how they put the visitor's comfort in mind with the remote control access to everything in the room from the curtains to the lighting to the music. Their mall is amazing!!! I felt like I was back home and felt like a lil kid in a candy store hehe. I dont mind staying here again and hopefully the tv will work this time :P
3	Pros: Tram runs from 8 am-4 am- Very convenient!, Guests don't have to pay cover at Haze (before midnight), Comfy bed, modern feel, Great shower and tub, Remote controls everything in the room, free web access, Heated pools, Desserts at buffet are amazing, View is fantastic! Cons: Vanilla scent all over casino floor and lobby smells alright in the beginning but gets annoying by the second day, Not enough cocktail ladies and they take forever to return, Not enough 25 cent slot machine (Mostly penny slots or $1 and higher slots), Not enough creative slot machines that are interactive (I love the Uspin and Sex and the City - very fun when you win), Room fridge has a sensor. If you remove any item, even if you don't eat it, they charge you, Too much technology! Flipping the channels on the tv is annoying since the remote lags a little bit. No fan in the bathroom or air ventilator Table minimum bets are too high for roulette and craps - $15, ouch! There's no late night or 24 hour dining options on casino floor Casino layout is confusing, I wish there was a cashier cage located on both sides of the casino Its a bit of a walk on to the strip - 10 min walk. Its not a horrible walk. Tip: Rent a car at the airport (as little as $40 a day), parking is free at all hotel casinos on the strip. Makes checking out the hotels on the strip alot easier, Sign up for MGM player card - its worth it
5	I have stayed in many places on the Strip and this one just became my favorite.  I loved the room.  Floor to ceiling, wall to wall window.  The shower and batch set up were pretty cool I have never seen anything like it in a hotel.  The shower was right next to the bathtub all behind one door so you walk through the shower to get to the tub, I thought it was pretty neat.  My favorite part is that you can control everything with one remote or the on screen menu on the TV.  By control everything I mean the curtains, TV, all the lights in the room, individually or all together, even the ones in the bathroom.Every one was very friendly even the room cleaning specialist,  they all greeted you eveytime you walked by.  There is a free shuttle availabe that connects from the Monte Carlo to the Bellagio which is pretty convenient you hop on right at Crystals, the new high end shopping center.
3	I really, really wanted to like Aria. When we walked in and smelled that wonderful vanilla smell, I thought things would go our way. The customer service here was just disappointing, especially for a Vegas hotel. I've had such great experiences at other hotels and I thought since this one was new and cool, they would be just as good.Most annoyingly, every time we tried to call the front desk it would ring... and ring... and ring. It took so long to get someone on the phone every time we called. Our remote was broken, which pretty much left the room useless, and it took almost 4 hours for someone to come up and fix it. What needed to be fixed? The remote needed new batteries. 4 hours. For batteries. We checked in before check-in time, so our room wasn't ready yet. They said they would call when the room was ready. They said they had a room for us on the 35th floor. We were excited. When we got the call to come back and get our keys, our room was on the 15th floor. Not a huge deal, but kind of disappointing when we thought we'd be higher up. Oh, also we had to wait in line for 30 minutes just to pick up our keys. All that aside, I really did like the room. It was modern, pretty, comfortable beds, nice bathroom-- if only the customer service was better, I would have given this place 5 stars.
4	Aria Hotel & Casino was modern, hip and comfortable. The nightlife was fantastic (both inside and outside) and the service was very good.  The only downfall was the lines at check-in - a bit too long despite the large amount of staff they had working (perhaps this is unavoidable).  Although it was set back a little on the strip, the location was very good and the view from the 23rd floor was fantastic.  I would certainly stay here again!
5	2PM late check-out. I repeat, 2PM late check-out.Ok, so it was a freaking Tuesday this time, and a Monday the first time. The review for Aria is best put in bullet form.PROS:12pm Checkout is one of the latest available. They'll give you up to 2pm if late checkout is available.NO STUPID RESORT FEE.Modern rooms - incredible technology including one button on and off.Automatic curtains and amazing views, especially strip side.Central location, though somewhat away from the strip.Tons of beautiful artwork, even the rooms are decorated differently.Hard to find safe in a cool placeVery nice bathroom, with a large showerBeds are soft, pillows are absolutely amazingRobes to wear in room are surprisingly comfortableCool keycard system can scan keys in wallet (YMMV)Rooms are larger than averageGreat alarm clock - can program it to open curtains, turn on lights/tv etc.Casino is very modern - some people say its dark, but it looks cleanOne of the best price/amenities values availableCONS:Check-in/out line system is bad and pretty slowTV system lags terriblyLong walks if your room is very far, but definitely NOT 15 minutes of walking. Few minutes max. Not atypical of Vegas, but a bit longer than Venetian.Bathroom doors often fail to lockSee-thru door for toilet a little awkwardScale in room makes me sad :PNOTES: My customer service experience has been absolutely excellent. They allowed me to room-switch for a lower rate at 6pm, and have taken care of my problems with my bill on several occasions. However, during a busy summer weekend, they ran out of two-queen-rooms and it was quite a hassle for me and my friends and we spent nearly an hour trying to get a room, and they were able to get us two (out of three that we wanted). It wasn't that unreasonable - somewhat typical Vegas.In comparison to the Venetian, it was definitely on-par for me, if not a bit more mainstream. The Venetian rooms are much larger with a nice dining area, but are arguably needlessly so (and are generally quite a bit more expensive too). However, I felt both hotels were a luxurious experience. Also, NO STUPID RESORT FEES. You really pay what you expect to (there is tax though).
4	Enter sweet hunger educing aromas of chocolate, vanilla yumminess as you pass through the lobby, restaurants and shops. The cafe, shops and front of house is nicely separated from the casino and it is not as smokey as a lot of other casinos.  Aria kind of reminds me of LA. Very high tech rooms with touch screen controls for the lights, curtains and TV. We had a great city view. A crazy busy Halloween weekend in which our reservations got a bit messed up so they upgraded us and gave $50 room credit. I do wish there were more mirrors and outlets which would make it easier for multiple people to get ready in one room at a time.Super close to Vdara, the tram, Crystals etc....pretty good location
3	Mid-level quality at Luxury Prices.  All in all, I'd say skip it for a place that offers better value or better creature comforts.I stayed here for a week recently, and found some things to like about it-  the austere modern design is well done, the beds are comfy, and the staff aside from housekeeping was extremely helpful .However, there's some things that weren't as pleasing- the restaurants are somewhat overpriced for what they're serving, the casino is laid out like a warehouse with a bunch of tables crammed together, and the pool is just OK. Nothing wrong with the pool itself, it is just hard to access and doesn't improve on what I've seen at budget hotels off the strip. The bathroom was mostly functional, as long as you don't mind being on display while you're using the toilet or the oddly shaped tub.And then there's the things I hated, like the five minute slog from the elevator to my room, the housekeeping staff, and the water. We left a decent tip the first day, and the staff thanked us by cleaning out our personal care items like the shampoo we brought without even leaving replacements. The untreated Colorado River water that comes out of the tap tastes like used mouthwash and is slightly harder than saturated baking soda water. I not only got sick to my stomach drinking the water, the mineral content makes it nearly impossible to completely rinse soap off your skin or out of your hair.Handy tip: Grab a few quarts of bottled water from the nearby CVS pharmacy, which is also a good fall-back in case the cleaning staff decides to trash all your personal items.
4	Aria and City Center is a welcome new addition to the rather stale Vegas hotels and malls.  Aria is a very pleasant place with a decent size casino.  My room was spacious and nicely appointed, similar to Mandalay Bay - big bathroom, tub, etc.  I thought the bed rivaled, no it was better, than the overly touted Westin Heavenly Bed.  I am a pillow freak - there were six king size pillows on the bed which sent me into total bliss.  I was there for two nights and would definitely recommend the hotel.  City Center and the shops are very high end and there are a couple of decent bars and restaurants - the omni present Wolfgang Puck and a Todd English Pub which was packed both times I went.  The View Bar at Aria is nice for an afternoon cocktail - my bartender was quite entertaining.  Lots of TVs for sports watching.   Aria is centrally located in the middle of the strip and it's a great location for getting to the other casinos.  Recommended.
4	spent 4 days at this hotel in mid october. very pleasant stay in one of their corner suites which are have a very nice lay out with 2 bathrooms. i found the technology in the room to be bothersome. perhaps if i were an invalid hospital patient the bedside controls for the entire suite would be handy but i really don't mind flipping a light switch manually. (that's just me) all of the staff members were excellent, very professional and polite. i was turned off by the gaming area. it's very dark. the location leaves something to be desired. it's a bit of a hike to get down to the strip from the hotel entrance. the tram that connects the monte carlo, aria/vdara and the bellegio is mildly helpful. i would give the room and service staff 5 stars and the property and design 3 stars.
4	A very nice, contemporary hotel with beautiful design apparent in every nook and cranny of the place.  I stayed here for 5 days/4 nights, and I was extremely happy with the experience.Pros: Chocolate smell cancels out the tobacco smell from the casino floor, restaurants are of great quality, room service is impeccable [they even rearranged all of my hair/makeup/toiletry products around the bathroom vanity and my shoes all in a neat line],fantastic view, modern amenities and decor, thoughtful staff.Cons: slightly more expensive than what it's worth, buffet is a little above average but not worth the $50/person... bed is slightly stiffer than what I would imagine a high-end hotel to have... [I've stayed at Marriott's with comfier beds... WITH down bedding, which Aria did not have.]Overall, I liked my stay there.  I couldn't help that I kept eye-balling the Cosmopolitan right across the way though, and it was nice to not be so far off the strip.  We had a deal with a friend that helped set up our entire trip, so we got the hotel rooms at a discounted price since we traveled with a group of 30+ people.  I would def. return if it were cheaper, but I don't see that happening in the near future, and by then, I'd probably want to try the Cosmopolitan.Aria: 3.5 stars, but I'll be nice and round up since I came up a few hundred w/ your slot machines.Extra tips:Tether our wifi from your smartphone to your laptop so you don't have to pay the wifi charge.CVS is a godsend around the corner.Order from a local take-out if hungry, they'll deliver and it's LOADS cheaper and more satisfying than room service food.
4	I stayed for the Halloween weekend- although it was packed with clubbers to the Banks nightclub- there was still ample room for walking and visiting the various gambling tables. When I first walked into Aria, there was a nice scent of perfume in the air. That thankfully canceled the smoking from the gambling area. The decor is pleasantly pleasing to the eye, with modernist art everywhere you go. What I didn't like was the walking distance to your hotel room to the lobby. It must have been 2 miles just to get from the check in area to your hotel room. The room itself was ok, the beds were not that comfortable, and the toilet was separated from the shower. But my biggest gripe is the remote control for all the tv, curtains and lighting of the room. The remote is slow and takes awhile for it to response to a simple command such as changing the channel. The gambling room is easily walkable, with 21, barracat, and pai gow table closely aligning to each other. I can walk to the 21 table and then walk to the barracat table without walking to the other side of the casino. I must say- there was a lot of high rollers in this club with each player betting a minimum of $500. It seems my $50 is chub change in this casino. But I lost all my money, so who cares. In all, this hotel is ok, not as shady as Circus Ciricus but not a trendy as the Wynn, however buck-wise, this hotel can't be beat.
2	I stayed here again, but not by choice.  I was held against my will.  I was forced to be in hell for two extra days.- The casino floor and lobby area still smells...- I still had difficulty finding my room...+ They may have added lights on their casino floor because it seems a bit brighter this time.+ Their pastry shop near the elevator was good. + I do like their room's air conditioning system.  That thing is so cold, I am still recovering from the cold I got while staying there.I stayed here because my room was free.  You shouldn't stay here unless your room is free.
4	Lemongrass was exceptional you have to know what to order::::: the satays are amazing I ordered the prawns great glaze on shrimp cucumber relish sweet bread a good mix try the satay lighter portion had the steak very tender great steak for 27$ in Vegas for desert I had the fried bananas and ice cream if u like sweet salty you'll love watermelon drink was decent the leopard has beautiful taste beautiful place would. Go again
4	My husband and I stayed at Aria for 2 nights last week (the Halloween week). The hotel room was great, we liked it alot. The room is clean, and then bed was very comfortable, probably because of the fact that it's still new. The view was great too. We had the view facing the west side of the strip on 21st floor. That means we saw Vdara, Rio, Palms etc. The view was very nice at night. We enjoyed it so much. And we also enjoyed the room alot for its hi tech stuff. Upon our first entry, the curtain opened itself, and the music was turned on automatically as a welcome. It was amazing! And there was a control panel next to the bed, the control panel can control every night within the room (including the lights in the bathroom!), the curtains, the TV on/off and channel selection, music channels, etc. So you pretty much can stay in the bed most of your time and just relax. It's definitely a room for honeymoon, vacation and relaxing. We also like the bathroom as it's clean and the light is good, we can make the light softer and stronger with the control panel. So if you want to have a bubble bath with dim light you can do that. If you want to have stronger light when doing make-up, you can do that too. We just love the room. They also provided robes for use. Very very nice.It's also convenient to walk around the City Center as we stayed in Aria. We ate at the Jean Philippe Patisseria, Jillian Serrano, Cafe Vettro and the Buffet at Aria. They are all good food and within Aria. Actually I just ordered take-out from Jillian Serrano and Jean Philippe so we can enjoy the room more. For Cafe Vettro, we dine in there as the restaurant was nicely designed. The pool is very nicely designed. We enjoyed the pool alot too. The water is well heated, not too cold, not too hot. And I don't think the casino floor smell badly like others do in the older hotels. Maybe because it's still new, so it's good that we can enjoy the smell-less casino now when it's still new.I also like the waterfall and the fountain at the entrance of the hotel. They look very nice and very soothing. You gotta check out the galleries along the walk from Aria to Mandarin Oriental. They are nice and no fee to get in. The hotel overall is very beautifully and well designed that we like everything in Aria.We would stay in Aria again when we go to Vegas in the future, and recommend Aria to others.
4	Aria - oh, Aria the newest hit of the Las Vegas Blvd strip...or was it? Well, I was bound to find out during SEMA week and was excited about it because 1. it wasn't going to hurt my pockets (invited to go with an affiliate/client's company to help for SEMA) 2. haven't been to vegas for awhile now. 3. it's Aria - everybody's been talking about it! So I'm about to dust off my yelp skills (yes, I haven't been here for a year or so...Elite Alumni from Yelp of '06!) and show you what's the deal with Aria (or lack thereof)!After arriving in Sin City in the wee early hours of the morn we made a stop at Marie Calenders to load up on some carbs for a full day of setup for SEMA! Parting ways with the show car and drivers we headed to Aria to check-in. Once turning the corner to where area is located you notice the modern beams and metal that this whole "Aria" is made of! Silver everywhere and tons of glass shimmering down on you in the drop-off center. The Valet is quite polite and immediately greet you and open the doors and ask you if you're checking in and help immediately with your bags by calling out to the bell boy.Upon walking in you notice the smell of chocolate...or is it vanilla...or baking? Hmmm, whatever it is it is aromatic AND is one of the details that makes this place stand out and stay in your memory. Yes, that smell mmmm. The check-in process is like anywhere else however during this week check-in wasn't until 1pm BUT they were able to accommodate us since we were getting multiple rooms. "My room" was still being cleaned out but we were able to check in with one room so we were able to rest a bit and clean up.Walking the casino floor you notice the lingerie-clad waitress passing out drinks at tables and slots and they are young beautiful girls! 1 Star for that! You should have young ones because the place IS new and you want to maintain a classy place...not saying older ladies are bad but you don't want your drinks served up by someone who looks like your grandma, right? Minimum bets look adequate and fair at the tables $10 - score! Low budget gambling possible, although I'm not a gambler! I just notice these things because at the Wynn minimums used to be so high when they first opened!Eateries you ask? Yes, I notce them too - one of which is the great dessert station dubbed "Jean Phillipe Patisserie" which I swear is where the great smell is coming from. But one of my buddies says they're pumping it through the air conditioning? Nonetheless, it smells great and I don't care. BUT this place has some great sweets to feed the needs of any sweet tooth fanatic! There is also a cafe which I was able to enjoy some breakfast/lunch at Cafe Vettro! The food there is quite good BUT the service is slow - even when the joint is not packed...we waited for simple eggs and hash dish for over 30 minutes! (thus, the -1 star!)There's also a few other grills and restaurants that look great which should be enough for the visitor who doesn't want to leave the place! And PLENTY of watering holes for you border-line alcoholics! Quite a few nice ones for you to sit and relax to have a few convos with a a lovely lady of choice (which seems to be an abundance of here since it's so new) or with clients! "THE BUFFET" here...it's "okay" - really! For such a great place, so well designed and modern/contemporary. You'd think they'd put some thought into there buffet. But you'd be disappointed! I've been to some places MUCH less that had more options on foods! It's about $30 for the buffet which is not pricey. You have your choices of Sushi (which is ok), Seafood station which had crab legs, fish, and some other dishes. A Carving station was there of course - Prime Rib and Turkey which were both moist and great (which made up for the small variety of foods). Salad Bar was not so bad as it had the basics. Chinese food was available along with some Italian/Pasta bar. Everything else was dessert and soup. Nothing major to rave about but it was "ok" but not worth the $30 really. I think you're better off at Zen Buffet or Hometown Buffet!Okay so onto the Casino itself - great modern/contemporary interior! The exterior for sure is modern with all the beams, a side waterfall on the main valet parking area. There is also a nice waterfall which gives a great fountain/light show at night! The valet area also has a built-in Hertz rental car area which is great for travelers! Interior is simple but trendy. Glass, Black, Brown, and Wood is best way to describe it! I however would have recommended them to make the waiting seats to have some kind of cushion because it's just wood. Your a** will be hurting here if the wait is long for checking in or out for sure!The rooms - nothing fancy except for the ALL-IN-ONE touch screen remote! Restroom has a shower AND bathtub! Score! View was great from our 10th floor facing strip! Normal HIGH PRICED snacks/drinks! Flat screen TV..like other new Casinos! All in all 4 stars! Def place to check!
5	Oh Aria, how I love thee.I wish I could live in you.Nice and new, where the smoke from the casino hasn't even penetrated into the rooms.You promote me to be the laziest I can be with your remote next to the bed that controls everything from the music, lighting, temperature control and even privacy sign!The fact that your bathtub is behind the same glass door as the shower makes you that much better for some odd reason.Your dark, sexy colors and your amazing pillow top bed that only the super wealthy can afford.  One day, I will have you, one day.I actually preferred the standard room over the suite because the layout was more open.  The only thing I liked in the suite more was the fact that there were amazing views from the bathtub.Even the slot machines in the casino are nice and new with touch screens and I swear they have a Dolby surround sound system!  JK
3	New casino, nice decor, fresh smell, and located on the strip.  Always nice to see something new or different when going to vegas. They have brown carpet for their crap tables and they have like 12 crap tables!!!
3	My relatives come stay here a couple of times a year and I'm always invited to stay with them....free vacation! The beds are nice and comfortable but not as comfy as the beds at the Bellagio. I can still fall asleep pretty fast on them though. Everything in the room is controlled by a universal remote. My little cousin is the master of controlling it so I've never tried it. She loves pushing all the buttons especially the ones for the curtains. I love the scented aroma that Aria pumps through their vents. It gives you a energized but relaxed feeling. One thing it doesn't do is make me want to play their machines. I try to avoid it like the plague I'd rather hang out with my little cousin then play on those money grubber machines. It's tough playing ten rounds of hide and seek in the room ...there is only so many places one can hide! I eventually end up on the slots every time because my aunt says I'm her good luck charm. I'm glad someone gets lucky here because I don't. I usually last 30 min with $40.00 worth of slot play. If you play a lot here it is best to join the Player's Club because my aunt always gets comped rooms and this last time she had comped tickets to see the Elvis Cirque show.
4	Brand new!  Feels like NYC with the design.  The entire room is wired to control from the TV-temperature, alarm clock, lights, etc.  Blinds are wired and black out the room.  Missing the Vegas feel because it is so ultra modern.  Gym is awesome and the spa area is nice.
5	Being such a new hotel I was a bit jaded in going, preferring  a super high end one like Encore or Wynn.  Boy was I wrong.I really loved this hotel.  It's has a calm very refined vibe to it. Once you enter, you get hit with a warm vanilla calming aromatherapy permeating the lobby. Very soothing.The staff is extremely professional, the rooms are refined, not glitzy. The views from my room were amazing, especially at night.  The tub had a nice depth and soaks were really relaxing.It was kind of nice having the hotel location kinda deep into City Center and off of the main drag of the strip.  I liked it being recessed.I had some incredible sorbet (rum raisin and Tiramisu) at the Jean Phillipe Patisserie.  They also had paninis and incredible desserts.  Didn't have time to go to Julian Serrano's restaurant. Next time.I paid a really nice rate for early week and I enjoyed the first class experience and paid probably 35% less than what I would pay at Encore and have a comparable experience.I really wholeheartedly recommend this hotel.
1	Not happy at all!! We booked a room for two nights and we were told no queen bed room was  available.  It was 3 adults and a kid.  The hotel told us a roller bed would be provided and it never came!! We had to call twice to get the roller bed!  When I called the front desk to address my concern, unprofessional front person told me with an attitude that it's never guaranteed that requests will be satisfied! WTF?? So basically you have no idea either you will get your requests fulfilled or not??  What kinda fucking service is that?   So I asked her name to complaint and she won't give out her last name.  I asked her second time then she said it with an attitude again!  What is this? Motel 6? Ha!  I'm gonna try to book another hotel for tomorrow night. I don't wanna spend my money at this horrible serviced motel wanna be hotel.
3	OK, here is the good: nice, clean, casino is easy to maneuver.  You can actually plan to meet someone there without getting lost in a maze of slots.  It's also subdued.  The bad: perhaps because it's still new, nobody seems to know where anything is.  It's either that or they must have a high turnover in staff.  If I ask for directions and that person just points and says "It's back that way", that person just doesn't know.  I also find the "high concept" design and attitude somewhat jarring.  It really sets itself apart from all the other hotel/casinos on the Strip.  Other than that, it's an OK place.
4	Stayed here for 2 nights and it was awesome!  The rooms were very nice, clean, and modern.  I agree with Marissa G.... in that I expected to only sleep in the room and the always be out and about, but that was definitely not the case.  The Silk Road restaurant downstairs was nice... just like all things in Vegas - a bit pricey, but well worth it (In my opinion).  There is also a nice bar in the lobby with a very cool lounge to hang out in.  I wish I had time to check out the gym and spa in the hotel.  I think the hotel has different kinds of suites and rooms depending on your needs, but we just got regular rooms and were very very pleased.  The views from the 34th floor of the Aria was awesome.... during the day AND night.All the staff I encountered were very professional and warm.  Definitely added to the great experience in Vegas.  Definitely will try to stay here the next time I have a chance to go to VEGAS.
5	I loved this hotel/casino. It was very pretty, the architecture was interesting and the entired place smelled like vanilla you would never guess people are allowed to smoke inside. Can't wait to come back
4	Aria is modern and stylish... and pricy. It's the new hot hotel in Vegas though, so my friends and I had to check it out. I loved it... can't wait to return! I wanna do a photo shoot there next time! Such awesome surroundings!
4	This hotel is more than deserving of a landmark 200th review. It is absolutely gorgeous and amazing in design. Every detail is an architectural masterpiece, and no hallway, faucet, or piece of furniture was not strategically planned, chosen, and placed. The fine art collection throughout CItyCenter is another great aesthetic treat for guests. Around every corner was a piece to be appreciated and admired.Due to a clerical error in assigning rooms which was bothersome, we were upgraded to a SkySuite. If you ever get a chance, stay at the Aria in a SkySuite. You will feel like a VIP! Our room was beautiful and modern, but small. The suite next door had much more square footage, so I guess we weren't THAT VIP. :) The views from our room were absolutely breathtaking - you see the rest of CityCenter, all the way to Mandalay Bay and all the way to Paris on the other side. The services we received as a benefit of staying in a SkySuite were awesome. The housekeeping team was top-notch and the service staff tending the lounge with food and beverage amenities were so kind, attentive, and helpful. They really made us comfortable and pampered.We tried only one restaurant inside the hotel - Cafe Vettro. Aria needs to clean house in that restaurant and get new management, a new head chef, and new wait staff. See my review for details.The various bars and lounges inside the hotel are awesome. We loved Bar Moderno with the amazing piano player who took our request and played it beautifully! The View Bar by the front desk is amazing because of the artwork on the wall of the paint-brushed purple - that may have been my favorite piece.The location of Aria at CityCenter is so convenient. We easily walked to shop at Crystals and at the Miracle Mile shops across the street, as well as walk along The Strip for some people-watching while drinking Bloody Marys. Even traveling to the other side of The Strip by cab was convenient. There are taxi stations outside of every exit. This made high-heel-wearing in Vegas much less painful!Overall, it was an amazing experience, and I'd love to stay in Aria again, preferably like a VIP in a SkySuite!
4	We went to Vegas for a bachelor party and as best man i assumed all event planning duties. First off, I had to choose a hotel to stay at and Aria was an obvious choice for me. It was new and right in the middle of the strip.I must say that I love the design of the building. It is very modern and is definitely the nicest hotel on the strip in my opinion. The casino floor is huge and the bars are nice. The rooms were nice and I loved my view.I will definitely be staying here again on my next visit to Vegas.
3	So i got bottle service this past weekend...we was out side in the freezing cold.  The service was actually real good.  The waitress was pretty cute.  I'm not a fan of house music since house music seems to be the anthem to dousche bags...which there was plenty of.  They did ended up playing some hip hop...but not too much.  I guess vegas realized that hip hop is where all the fights happen.  But house reels in drug users and the users are suseptable to suing roofies...  Eh...still a very nice club to go to.  If you're an Etard definately check this place out.  I just wish for more hip hop...
1	What a joke.Amazing hotel, great Elvis show, wonderful food and ice cream, French bakery was over the top. Dealers were top notch, very comfortable bedThen the Valet lost my rental car keys....Valet did what they could to make it better by getting new keys from the rental car company and giving me a $100 room credit for my trouble. Then when I returned to the airport Payless Car Rental charged me 312.44 for the replacement key they provided to the valet. When I questioned them Payless Car Rental was rude and not helpful. Then the Aria said they would cover it all I had to do was submit a claim. Well I did and now Cathy Robison in Aria Risk Managment (702-590-7575) is playing games and now wants to take the $100 credit from the valet and count it against the cost of the key. We have now written letters and several phone calls and Aria sent a legal release saying they only want to pay $141.00 of the claim. They say they can't pay the taxes and fees on the new key they will only pay the line item for the key. Well after a great trip she is working hard to make sure I never come back.  I am forced to spend way too much time to get $312.00 from a multi billion dollar hospitality company.Nice work Cathy Robison. For every minute of time spent arguing with you to get the money you owe me I will spend 5 minutes posting reviews like this one.
3	I could definitely appreciate the newness of this hotel. Favorite aspect about this hotel is the poolside!!!! Great restaurants inside, too... especially the tapa restaurant!  Need to be more than somewhat of a techy person to appreciate the non-standard ammenities in your room!
5	Aria was AMAZING! There was a bit of a mix up with the room when we got there so they gave us $75 to use at the restaurant! STEAK place was amazing! ARIA CORNER SUITES are beautiful and worth the extra money! :) Def. going to be booking here again.  Buffet was pretty good (not the best for breakfast)Hotel is amazing; they actually thought about the design which was refreshing from the usual casinos.  Limos outside were nice too!
4	Came here over the weekend to club at Haze.  This is one nice hotel!  I love the structure and layout.  I also like how all the water structures are either infinite design or trickle effect.  The hotel is clean and convenient since it was right across from PH Towers which we were staying at.  Definitely looking to consider this hotel for my next stay.
5	Stayed at Aria hotel for 2 nights and 3 days! Absolutely loved it!! The lobby was really pretty and fancy. The restaurants were pretty good. The bedrooms and bathrooms were nice. Workers were all really friendly. Room service was great.Everything was really newClose to The Strip and the tram was available to go to the other hotels. Definitely a great place to stay!
4	My Vegas stay was a slight blur. The things I remember are the gambling tables, the pushy people on the corner pimping a phone number in the promise of a hooker, and the awesome hotel I rarely slept in. Aria defines contemporary architecture and design. The restaurants are amazing and the drinks are stellar. When you walk in your room the curtains automatically open the lights turn on. The bathroom is sexy as h*ll, featuring a tub in the shower ! Yea, that's what I said. However, its modern beauty could also be seen as pretentious...but so is Vegas.   There is art throughout the hotel from hand-blown glass, to the seat you sit on in the lobby. Tip: Don't even touch the mini bar. You'll have a time you'll never forget, that is if you even remember.
3	I'm looking forward to the opening of Cosmopolitan and Marquee, and I love how the glittering labyrinth of contours and textures in the heart of City Center recalls Gehry's Bilbao, but so far I'm underwhelmed by MGM's $11 billion baby, and Aria is the main reason why. Although it has the grandeur and immaculateness of the masterpieces that Steve Wynn has built in this town, it lacks his taste, whimsy and instinct for human scale.
4	The difference between a 3 and a 4 star for this place was the beds.  As comfortable as you can get!Aria is built in the midst of City Center, a brand new development featuring The Cosmopolitan, Aria, Vdara and more!  Everything is shiny and brand new.  Every single feature here has the utmost detail paid to it.  Modern, abstract art is a consistent theme as you meander your way through the lobby, the casino, and into the room.I was expecting a bit larger room, but for 2 people its perfect.  The room is controlled via a large Remote control.  The blinds, the lights, the tv, the music and heating/ac are all run by a nice little LCD handheld gadget.  The user interface for this thing takes a little getting used to and is definitely not user friendly even for the tech-savvy.  The bathroom has a nice layout, the shower and tub are in the same tiled room so you can enjoy both at the same time, and even run them both if you feel like wasting water.Don't touch anything in the minibar, like most of the newer hotels in vegas, these things are controlled by sensors which automatically charge you the second the product leaves the sensor!  Look out!Back to the bed though, its kind of curse.  I felt like the bed was the best thing in Vegas.  I had never slept so well in my entire life.You can usually book a room here mid-week for around 120 a night.  Not bad, but one of the pricier options for Vegas.  If you have the chance to, try staying here at least a night!
4	As what Most Yelpers would say. This is a New Hotel. Rooms, Linens,Towels are very Impressive. But what amazed me was the people at the Concierge. Day after Thanksgiving. I just went over to ask for a fine Dinning with a Good View. Their very Quick to tell me about the Twist by Pierre Gagnaire at the 23rd floor of the Mandarine Hotel. It live to its Standard when you ask them Questions.The Dinner turned out to be VERY IMPRESSIVE. Price may be way more expensive than our 3 night stay plus our Airline Fare for a Good Dinner for 2. But the Concierge just answered  what were looking for....Id Come back here again...
5	This hotel was great, the service was great, the rooms was great. It was a wonderful experience that made Vegas a whole lot better.
5	I stayed in a room at the Aria during the second week after it opened.  I didn't want to leave!  It was luxury at an affordable price, and I was happy as all get out the whole time I was there.You get a little electronic controller that lets you control everything in the room: the TV, the radio, the lights, the blinds, everything.  You can use any combination as your alarm clock, and I really enjoyed that.  First, I had the outer blinds open, letting in some light.  Five minutes later, the sheer blinds opened and I had a view of the other hotels on the strip.  Then, some music to get me going.  Awesome!The bed was so insanely comfortable, even that didn't make me want to get up.The bathroom was nice and well-lit.  Everything was spotless, of course.  Even the closets were gorgeous and my clothes even felt spoiled.The hotel itself is a wonder, with lots of awesome restaurants and little bars.  The lobby and front area is absolutely gorgeous.I wish them well and I hope that this hotel keeps its high standards and fantastic prices.
3	Unfortunately I did not have the luxury of staying at this hotel but would love the opportunity one day. The hotel is a part of The City Center and right next to Crystals. The hotel has a modern feel with some really pretty features. There is a pretty fountain in the front of the hotel with dancing water and a waterfall that sound like rain. The hotel seems to have a lot of great eateries. There is a Jean Philippe bakery that looked delicious. The buffet line was long as I walked by, the menu looked good. I have to add that to my eating places, the next time I amin town.The casino is not too large and is a bit dark. Hopefully I can update my review once I've been able to stay, but so far I like what I see!  ^_^*~
1	I have been a long standing customer of the Mirage resorts, and because of this - I chose the Aria, over the Wynn/Palazzo/Venetian for a very special girl's weekend for the 10 of us!  It's not every year we turn 40, and we wanted to do Vegas in style and feast, relax and spoil ourselves silly.  Although the Aria is a beautiful establishment - every SINGLE touchpoint was FUBB!!! (Effed-up-beyond-belief!)Our rooms were not ready at check in (which is 3PM) - in fact, most of our rooms weren't ready until after 5PM.  We ran late for dinner because we had nowhere to get ready and in desperation asked to use the spa to get ready.  We faced all kinds of attitude from the spa and "fought" our way to get in.  Of course, before we even got to the spa - it took the bell boys approx. 15-20 minutes to get our bags from the "conveyor belt".  Once we got back to the rooms after dinner/show - we checked into our rooms.  They were nice and clean - but not 30 minutes after getting in - a few of us were woken up by housekeeping who demanded to know when we were checking out because they needed the rooms.... (It's called "communication with the front desk" people - it's not hard and it's a part of your job!!!!!)The next day after running around doing the spa thing and shopping, we returned to our room only to find a chewed up piece of gum stuck on the entryway tile. OMFG - are you serious?!?  We picked it up and had to throw it out ourselves....  The rest of the room was clean and we had fresh linens/towels - but had NO idea where that gum came from since we weren't chewing it...????We got room credits for the terrible service but we could NEVER find out how much credit was remaining on the rooms unless we asked everytime we used it.  AND, every time we used the room credit - the merchants (bartenders, retail assistants) would have to call the front desk to "open" the credit.  So, once we checked out of the hotel, it turned out that we were over the credits and still had to pay a remaining balance.  I'm still not sure how that happened since we had to "open" the credit each time to use it - so how does one go over the limit?!?!It was the first time ever that I was TIRED of complaining and just started laughing at how comically disorganized this place was.  They didn't have their shit together at all - and it was like staying at a 5 star hotel at 5 star prices, but a bunch of incompetent fools ran the place.  HORRIBLE.The Jean Phillippe chocolatier shop is amazing.  The spa is gorgeous.  If you want to be treated badly but still pay alot of money, please check out the Aria.  You will be stepped on, treated like shit and then robbed.PS- I have completed the Aria customer satisfaction survey and requested that they call me.  I have yet to hear from them.  I'm still waiting....
5	I have not stayed here, so I can't comment on the service. I've only walked through the hotel, but I think I am in love... Five stars for a beautiful environment!I love all the design details -- dark woods, clean lines, the elegant mixture of different textiles and materials. Each of the different restaurants, shops and lounges have their own feeling but are very much a part of the whole. Even the public restrooms were a delight!I want to stay here... Maybe next time...
4	it's new!!! i love it.hotel is average sz - great as i did not get lost.the bed is awesome!the bathtub...devine!everything controlled by a controller next to the bed - baller!concierge service was excellent.we were coming into town with about 20 of our friends and had 8 rooms reserved.  I emailed about 3 weeks beforehand to the concierge's desk for assistance on getting us all onto one floor and getting us into HAZE.  both requests were done and when we arrived at 3pm on a Saturday, we all stood around for an hr waiting to get checked in.  this was such a minus to us but what else can we do.  on top of that, some of the rooms were not available so about 4 of the rooms were not on the same floor nor were they ready until after 5pm.  Other than those hiccups, we had a nice time there.  the hotel was not HUGE so no one got lost.  the room was great size and the rooms with 4ppl in them were very comfortable.we all went to HAZE and got in with no issues and no wait in line...just the way I like it.  the bakery downstairs...heaven!  we smell that richness thru-out the whole hotel.on eve of us leaving, we had 13 of us having to go to the airport at the same time.  I called concierge's desk again to see what they can do.  AWESOME service...$98+ gratiutiy got us extra stretch limo that fit all of us.  that's chump change out of our pocket for all that we spent in vegas that wknd.i like it!
4	Non hotel guest review:I love Aria for its class, it's shape, the public art that is scattered throughout, for the large upstairs walkways and restaurants.  There is so much that I admire about the place.  The Lumia Fountain in the porte cochere is a spectacular thing to see even in daylight.  The wood paneling at the concierge was recycled from the old Boardwalk Hotel that was on this site, an idea I think was superb.The Elvis Theatre on the second floor has some interesting art across from the entrance, and there's more near the buffet.No review would be complete without mentioning the Holzer art in the North Valet pickup area.  It's stunning to see, especially at night.  I've been surprised that a Las Vegas casino would be so forward looking as to install this art.The property appeals to me a lot in many ways.
5	Yes, this is the best resort on the strip. Especially if you enjoy modern luxury! The room is fantastic. You can control everything with the tap of your finger. Beside monitor controls the whole room. I heard all the reviews about how great the room was and it was just that. My husband really liked it and agreed that next visit we will stay in the same place. Everything about the design of the resort is artistic. From the lights to the floor to the walls. Whoever designed that place put their foot in it. I love modern design and this place was out of this world. The beds were so comfy and soft. I wanted to take the pillows home with me. Our stay was flawless. We had no issues and the room was cleaned well. At first when I heard the negative reviews I thought that maybe I spent too much on the room. But after I got there and saw the room and the city view and the rest of the hotel I decided that it was well worth my money. I felt as if I got what I paid for. The food is good at any of the restaurants. Only negative side is that they could have done a little more with the arcade for the kids. It was lacking. But even though that was the case my four year old son even thought the place was "Beautiful". Thats in his own words. The bars were all unique in design and beautiful also. And navigation of the hotel inside and out was very easy. Parking was great! Easy in and out. You just have to stay at the Aria next time you go to Vegas.
4	A close friend invited us to head to Vegas for the weekend and decided it would be a good time to go since it has been almost a year since my last visit (minus for work).  He also told us that we would be staying at Aria and the best part of it would be that we'd get a suite all comped!Left on Friday night at around 8 pm, traffic was light and made it there in under 4 hours including a stop at Mad Greek for a strawberry shake ;-).If you're like me and don't trust valets with your own car, I had to self park.  Followed my nav and it took me to the main entrance located off Harmon which is only for valet.  Quickly made it back onto the Strip and followed signs further down to the self parking lot.  Made our way to the front desk (decent location as it wasn't too far away from the parking structure) and up we went to our room.  Found out we were given a Cirrus suite which was over 1,500 sq ft!  Walked in and noticed to your immediate left was the powder room (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=ruYVKA_Lr_qQXNWipwRuPQ).  Straight ahead was the living room (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=1gycZfYq6oA6SfmhLireYA) and (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=JWyxSCLtxCljPd0x3nfsHg).  In the middle of the suite was the dining room and kitchen/bar (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=P9OKIJBFa9BIb41TY-cjUQ), (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=fl6np9ScKQ5QACXlKni39A), and (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=lL1jgkULaK9fGFq6BpFkyw).  Finally the bedroom (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=xbo_t2EnVMXm30Y0xuWOeQ).  Full sized bathroom and jacuzzi tub (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=SW2xRJ6rQj5Tk757oABuUg) and (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=4L3KZVYIwfGEebChrE-9Tg).  The suite had 4 tv's more than enough which had tons of channels to choose from.  All of the curtains were automatic and controlled by a switch.  The suite also had 3 zones so that you could control the temperature (living room, dining room, and bedroom).  Overall a very nicely modern decorated room but there were a few things which resulted in some deductions of stars.  For example, the barstools had plastic seats rather than some sort of microsuede (to match the couch and dining room chairs).  A major deduction was because of the bed.  The mattress was not very comfortable (a bit too soft for me) and already showed signs of wear.  The left side was saggy and I literally sank down into it once I laid down.  Roll over to the right and you'll notice that all previous guests slept on the left side.  Kinda disappointing for a hotel that is less than a 2 years old.  Needless to say I woke up with a sore back the next morning.  3.5 stars for this hotel and will probaly stick with my normal room at the Venetian or Palazzo for my next visit.
4	Beautiful hotel. This is a very well designed hotel.  My girlfriends and I had two adjoining double Queen rooms which worked out really well for a group of 6.  I love that when you enter the room for the first time the shades open, the lights go on and the TV turns on.  There's a touchscreen console next to the bed which lets you control everything in the room.  Just be careful of the electronic mini bar. You're instantly charged if you move something! oops..The bathroom was beautiful but a not totally functional if you have a prude in your group.  The unfrosted glass shower door made getting ready a bit awkward.  I usually don't see my friends shower but...well we were is Vegas so oh well. I'd like to give it 5 stars but when we checked in the hotel's computers were down so check-in took five hours.  Literally.  We got in at 3PM and couldn't check in till 8PM.
4	Non hotel guest review:I love the public art in this casino.  Check out the second floor between the ice cream shop and the buffet.  They have some great art on the walls.  Plus, they have holes in the floor left of the buffet (across the hall from Jean Georges, American Fish, and Sirio) where you can look down to the first floor.  It's a pretty interesting design.Something I discovered on my last visit - this is an occupancy based property.  Which means that if the occupancy is low, they start temporarily closing restaurants.  Because it does not front the street, not many people walk in from the street apparently.  We went when NFR and the marathon were in town and four restaurants were closed!  Our bartender at Jean Georges explained the situation.So if you are looking to go to a particular restaurant on the fly, call before you go.  Kind of a bummer considering I like the property so much.
5	Stayed here during Fourth of July weekend and I LOVE LOVE LOVE their rooms! The cleanest and most comfortable hotel that I have ever been to and this is coming from a freak who brings a bed in a bag when traveling or sleeps in a hoodie all weekend so that her body doesn't have to touch the bed in a 4.5 star hotel! I love their inside jacuzzi and their remote that controls everything in the room.As soon as you walk into this hotel, you will notice their vanilla scent! It seems SOOOO GOOD. Another cool thing about their scent is that it changes as you walk throughout the hotel!Pool is clean and very relaxing!The only cons that I found here was that there were no restaurants that offered a quick bite: all the restaurants here were upscale, sit down restaurants and I personally don't feel the need to eat fancy three times a day! Though it is a fancy hotel, they should offer other options for their customers. I know that I could easily go across the street to Planet Hollywood etc, but the point of a Resort & Casino is to make their hotel the only place you would need stay & spend your money.Besides that I loved everything else about this hotel. I didn't minus any stars because it's hard to find a great clean hotel and for such a cheap rate of $100 a night plus $75 resort credit for the promo that I had. The free buffet wasn't bad either! The food thing is a minor detail in the bigger picture.
3	It's a real mixed bag at Aria. On any given day, its rating could be anywhere from 1-5 stars. That inconsistency isn't a good thing though. Let me explain. The hotel itself is pretty remarkable. Its design, size and everything about it makes for an interesting experience. I have stayed there twice - the first time for the grand opening and now again most recently the first weekend in December 2010 - about a year later. On my last stay I was looking forward to see if there were any visible changes or improvements since my first trip. Unfortunately, there really weren't any. For a high tech hotel, the reservation and check-in process seems slow and tedious. I had booked my room through Casino Marketing and upon arrival, the front desk seemed to know little about my reservation. It was supposed to be a comp room - they had $130 per night. I had requested two double beds and was told that it would be requested - but they couldn't guarantee it - up to the front desk. So we got there around noon to check in early to try to ensure that there would be doubles available. They were - but the desk said it was an extra $30 a night and asked if that was OK. I said no, it wasn't because when I made the reservation, nothing was said about a possible charge for two queen beds versus one king. The charge was waived and it worked out - but none of it should have been an issue to begin with. After check-in, I also realized that nothing had been said about my two comp buffet meals and my 2 for 1 show tickets. So I had to check with Casino Marketing on that. Those too ended up getting done, but only because I took the time to inquire. As for the room - on my first visit it was kind of cool to open the door and have a dark room suddenly brighten up in front of your eyes as the curtains began to open by themselves! Not this time though. In fact, the pitch black room experience at night from the first visit wasn't the same on visit number two - the end of the curtain appeared broken and light came in from the top of the curtain as well. The light between the beds never did work - with two bulbs it likely was broken and not burnt out bulbs. One evening, my brother awoke during the middle of the night and while half asleep hit a button on the remote that turned on several lights momentarily, then all turned off except for reading lamps above my bed. Who knows why? Then I tried to turn those off at the master switch - but ended up turning all the lights on at first. Bottom line is that to effectively use the room, it takes quite awhile to acclimate to the technology - longer than it's worth messing with. And there's often no telling that if something doesn't work because the user isn't working the tech right or if certain things are just out of order, period. The latch on the sliding door to the bathroom was broken - nothing in the wall to receive it. Kind of unusual for a one-year old hotel. There was no immediate information in the room about Internet access and if there were charges. There is a charge - about $15 a day - which for a technology laden hotel seems kind of hypocritical. Why does a place like this nickel and dime on that? When I was checking out after my last visit, there were probably close to 200 people waiting to check in (seriously). And the line was going nowhere fast - that shouldn't happen at a "high-tech" hotel.I enjoy Aria for its design, location, the fact that a friend works in one of the restaurants and it's casino (though I dislike the ongoing shuffle machines at the black jack tables). I'd gladly stay again at a comp or discounted rate. But if I had to pay the full rack rate, I'd pass. Would rather put the money on the tables and not have to work so hard to figure out the room technology.  I'll stay at another MGM property instead.
5	Was there First weekend of December. Totally awesome experience and facility. First class from begining to end!
5	Best Room EVER!Best Shower EVER!Best Mattress and Bedding EVER!Best Remote Controls EVER!Best hotel i have been to in vegas by far. Its brand frikking new. Try it.
4	BEAUTIFUL hotel, not so great location...This hotel is spectacular and super new!  The rooms are spacious and inviting and we loved the shower/tub and privacy door for the toilet.  The master remote (used to control everything: blinds, TV, lights, thermostat, alarm, radio) is a cool gadget but sometimes not practical...couldn't use easily fine tune my desires quickly enough (ie. turn on all lights but leave the curtains closed...etc)The staff is helpful and friendly - only dined at Jean Philippe Patisserie on the very last day (DELICIOUS pastries) the staff there was just OK.  Location: is kinda crappy - on the strip its a pretty central location - pretty smack down in the middle really - the closest Deuce/Gold bus stop is at Paris about a 5 min walk away...but the only thing is the actual hotel is located behind the Crystals shopping center which means its quite the trek to get out onto the strip.  This meant whenever hubby and I left the hotel - we'd likely stay out for the entire day - only to return when we're back for the night.Though we loved the room - would probably not stay there again - we spent most of our time close to Caesar's Palace & Wynn.
3	Based on the fact that I just walked around and ate at the buffet I can't say I am all that impressed. I feel bad for the Aria it must be hard to open a hotel/casino in the middle of the worst economy. It looks really good from the outside.
5	Best Hotel ever in Vegas!Got complimentary 3 night stay here in a king duplex suite that was very sweet!The king size bed was very comfortable, I didn't want to get off of it. The bathroom is just amazing! Large tub, large shower, private toilet area. Flat screen TVS. Fridge filled with liquor, beverages, and snacks.The room service is quick! I love their pizza and cesar salad!Great customer service overall!
1	Very unhappy with Aria hotel in Las Vegas. Spent 5 nights there and the service overall was terrible. The steak restaurant was good and the blackjack dealers were good, everything else sucked. The hours the Guest Services has is like bank hours and the front desk management is poor. They kept us about 40 minutes checking out and we missed our flight. When i called them and told them about the situation the manager actually said she would charge me the pending amount on our card even though she already gave us a zero balance. I would not recommed it to anyone.
5	i absolutely love how the way aria smells in the interior.  unfortunately i cannot tell you how it's like staying here as i am on a student budget. but i love aria as this is one hotel that i dreamt people who do not like modern architecture cringe about.  to tell you the truth, i sometimes marvel at what we humans can do in terms of building stuff.Recommendations for first timers: jean philippe patisserieParking: 10/10marc out.
5	Pricey?  Yes.  Worth it?  COMPLETELY!  When you walk into the room for the first time, the curtains open, the lights turn on and the tv turns on to the welcome screen.  The room was a little smaller than what I was expecting, but it wasn't horrible.  The bathrroom was huge and clean.  And the roomservice was EXCELLENT!  It's in a nice central location, it's friendly to young adults and the food downstairs is great.  One of the better hotels I've stayed at in Vegas.
3	We walked around and chilled at one of the bar/lounge. The hotel is one of the newer ones and is very contemporary. There are a bunch of interesting designs. P.S. Parking is a tad confusing.
3	So strange...all the guys in our group loved this hotel while I thought it was only okay. The food, service, decor, etc was alright. But I like that Vegas pumped air smell and aria had this old smell. Maybe that's why I didn't like it so much..yes, I'm weird like that. But Ne-Yo happened to be there the same day so whatevers...CHAMPAGNE LIFE- NE-YO
5	My family came to town one weekend, and checked into a room in Aria! My cousin invited me to stay for the weekend, so of course I did not blow that offer! The first thing I noticed upon entering the hotel/casino was the distinct smell of chocolate, which I absolutely love! It just gave the place a distinct characteristic to it.  When I finally did get to go inside the room, it was amazing! Everything was so modern- from the beddings to the remote controlled curtains, to the magnificent bathroom!  Overall, our stay for the weekend was great! I wanted to take that one room, and move it into my home. Ha ha.
4	Gorgeous hotel, and I how it smells like vanilla as soon as you walk in! Pleasant smells add to a pleasant experience! Everyone in the hotel was very friendly, and the rooms are ridiculously nice and modern. Even the curtains are remote-controlled. Because I was sharing a room with 3 different girls, the most important aspect of the room was the size of the bathroom! It did not disappoint! It also had the biggest tub and shower area (yes you read that right, it has a tub AND a separate shower) that I have seen yet in Vegas, inside a non-suite. The only downside is the location--it's towards the end of the strip, which means we spent an insane amount of money on cab fare.
4	A nice new addition to the Strip of Las Vegas. The Aria has some great tables and a lot of fancy decor. I stayed here for a few nights with some friends and had a blast. Haze and Gold Lounge were nice clubs/lounges to go to and the Jean-Phillipe Pastierre had some delicious paninis. The rooms were quite nice - a nice touch-screen pad to control the TV, audio, lighting, and curtains. The bathrooms were clean with two sinks, but the clear showers and translucent glass between the bathrooms and toilet was a bit weird. Would stay here again, definitely.
5	Great Hotel/Casino.  We stayed at Vdara right next to Aria and had a great time.   The Lobby and Casino are really nice but food is very pricey.   They pump a vanilla like smell in the Casino which takes some getting use to.  Vdara does the same vanilla smell & we did not care for it.
3	Although the hotel had many perks of it being upscale and modern...here's why I gave it only 3 stars.1) The curtains weren't high enough so when it came time to the morning, you didn't even need to open them and walah...you got yourself 7am sunlight and it's not welcoming if you just came in a few hours earlier.  We had to move hotel rooms and needless to say only until you complain nicely and demand for the manager will something happen.  Otherwise, good luck negotiating with helpless counterfolks that are mediocre at being nice at best.  In a fake way of course.  2) The hotel was supposed to give us passes to their club and other amenities but that didn't happen.  Apparently at 2am, the only "coffee" shop type restaurant is this COLD and MODERN place where there is PLENTY OF SEATING yet NOBODY wants to sit you nor serve you.  Their service overall was slow and the food was OK.  Nothing great...probably should have just ordered room service.  My food probably would have taken shorter than 1 hour to bring to the room.Oh, and supposedly they even have a VIP line for this restaurant...WTH?  You're kidding me right?  After leaving a club you need a pass to get in the front of the line and if not, then your wait time for crappy service was minimum of 45 minutes?  uhh...NO, don't think so!3) The rooms however like most say that they are sleek, modern, and comfy with LOTS of space.  The highlight of this trip was that I got to see Snoop Dogg live at the club in the Aria...talk about RANDOM night that's for sure! They need to offer better deals...so many hotels give free nights....maybe one of these days I'll go back, but for now...plenty of other hotels to stay at!
3	I am Vegas regular and always stayed at 5 star Vegas hotels such as Bellagio, MGM, Venetian, Wynn. Compared with other hotels, I think Aria does not really have an incentive for me to come back other than the free room.I stayed at the regular room, not a suite. The room was modern and high tech. Everything can be controlled by an Ipad-like device. The room's small compared to other hotels. I don't really get why they'd design the hotel just like any other upscale metropolitan hotels. If I come to Vegas, I am looking for something different, a getaway. Why could I want to feel like I am still in another big and busy city? I prefer themed hotels like the other ones on the strip.
5	Maybe everyone else on Yelp is used to staying in sick hotel rooms where you can set the blinds to open, lights to come on and TV to turn on from your bed side control panel. Maybe they are used to having the bathroom in a standard room be something that blows away what you find at most 4 star hotels anywhere. Since I'm not used to any of that, I'm throwing Aria 5 stars (oh, and for a kicker, everyone who I encountered from the service staff was incredible)Bottomline - if you have to come to Lost Wages, consider staying here.
5	I just got back from Vegas with my wife. We stayed at ARIA hotel. It is my favorite hotel by far. Very Hi Tech. Everything can be controlled via touch screen LCD near the bed or by remote control.  When we opened our room door, it greeted us! The curtains slide open and lights slowly brightened and music started playing. I can see how old folks may not like this setup especially those that cant even use a computer. But i loved it. So fun. Another slightly negative point is that the casino area blows a stripper scent around, some may like it. I don't mind it. However, the casino area is very nice and very upscale. Crystals @ citycenter was cool and had very nice high end shops - Van Cleef, LV, a Tourbillon watch store...) I'm definitely going to stay at Aria again.
4	For my 30th birthday, it was Vegas time.We found a great deal for air and hotel at Aria and decided to spend three nights there. TV - Average HDTV with HD programmingBed - Very nicePillows - Various levels of fluffiness were provided Bathroom - Modern tub and shower room with large glass doors, very poshView - Amazing: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/SMPbvZLSMMb7KU76YNYMGg?select=fnR2UTKNYk5sKApqa7DvHA Internet - Didn't even tryOn Site Food - Surprisingly didn't have anyOverall, I thought Aria was a beautiful hotel, service was great, and I don't have a single complaint.
5	Love ARIA! I will go here again and again! Conference Center is Amazing!
4	I had never heard of this hotel - and from the outside it feels a lot like a luxury airport - but from the inside it was glassy and gorgeous and luxurious and modern and NOT CHEESY (what a relief!). I especially loved the "water wall" that you walk along to get to your cab, where apparently the valet drivers make about 110K a year.
4	I'll preface my review again with the fact that the wife and I go to Vegas about 5 times a year. We've been a lot more often as of late on family business. The point of my preface is to let you, the reader, know I am not easily impressed with hotels and casinos. I'm jaded. My fascination and bewilderment have long ago given way to degeneratism. That being said, the Aria at City Center has rekindled my interest in the posh possibilities that Las Vegas holds.We were offered 3 complimentary nights after staying at the dreadful Monte Carlo a month prior, also in the MGM group of hotel/casinos. I was unsure what to expect, but figured what did we have to lose? The place was band new, how bad a room could they give us for free? We arrived late Friday/early Saturday, groggy from the drive out in the rain. There was just a few people in line waiting to check in. We got to the counter and I promptly tried the good old $20 trick, which did not work this time. We were simply offered the same room on a higher floor.After settling up at the front desk, we made our way through the casino toward the guest elevators. Along the way, I noticed a lot of interesting slots, some old favorites, some new, but right now, all I can wish for is sleep. We arrived up to our room, and upon entering the lights slowly came up, the drapes opened, and soft music was playing in the background. Now that's what I call a greeting! Hardly comparable to the smack in the face of stale smoke you get upon entering rooms in some of the older hotels. As mentioned in other reviews, the electronics in this room were nothing short of awesome. Although, I could not help but imagine an elderly guest trying to figure out the controls. I found them easy to use, and was very impressed. I would have been more impressed if the touch screen controller were wireless, but hey, you can't have it all... The bed was incredibly comfortable, the bathroom had a separate (yet together) tub and shower, as you can see from others' pictures. The wi-fi signal was strong, and the internet service was fast. Everything was really top-notch. I haven't been this impressed since my first stay at Red Rock, and this blows it away, no comparison.Saturday night, we ventured into the casino. We were disappointed to see table minimums all set at $15 or higher. I'll be honest, I like to play tables, but the thing I fear most is losing so fast I don't have time to have fun. We decided to explore the slot options instead. There were many machines on the floor beckoning, and plenty of denominations to choose from. The slots all seemed a little tight, but not too bad. I think we lost a little, but not enough to complain. Cocktail service at the slots was a tad slow, but the drinks were healthy in both size and alcohol content. I much prefer the nice sized tumbler you get at Aria to those little dinky glasses you get at most places on the strip. I'm a big fella, and those go down in two or three sips.Cocktail service definitely improved at the tables. We were lucky enough to find a  $10 minimum 3 card poker table (which promptly went to $15 once my wife sat down) and took a break from the slots. Dealers were friendly, as was the pit boss who promised a good rating. I hope he wasn't lying, because I already want to go back!We, unfortunately, did not get to dine at any of the restaurants. The only meal we had at the Aria was the buffet for brunch Sunday morning, which was part of our offer and also complimentary. I was not impressed with the buffet for breakfast, especially for the price of $50 for 2 of us. I'm glad it was free, I would not have been happy to have paid for it.In summary, (because let's face it, I've rambled long enough) this place is impressive. Any opportunity to stay here should be seized. I know I will return. Thanks Aria!
4	The Bad:- Shuttle drop off location: Not a fan.  Basement garage.  A little confusing trying to go from there to the hotel lobby.  Had to go up 2 sets of escalators and through the entire hotel/casino to get to the check in.  However, they did station a staff member there to answer your questions and to give you directions.  Still an inconvenience nonetheless.  - $20 per day resort fee.  (Though it does come with 2 complimentary drinks-wells, beer, or house wine at one of 5 bars inside the Aria).  Still not a fan.The Good:- Quick and easy check-in.  Service was decent.  - Absolutely loved the room, especially if you're technology savvy.  Really enjoyed being able to control EVERYTHING in the room with the touch of a button - tv, music, curtains, temperature, lighting, etc.  I had so much fun playing with the touch-pad remote controller, including setting the alarm so that it would open the curtains and play music at the time I designated.- Sleeping on the bed was like sleeping on a cloud.  Very comfortable, soft, and fluffy.  Could lie there all day.  - Overall modern and posh feel.  Loved Loved Loved.  The entire hotel/casino smelled like cotton candy.  Loved Loved Loved.- Jean Philippe Patisserie right by the guest elevators.  Gotta give two thumbs up for that!  The pastries were delicious.  The Tips:- Save yourself some money and place one name under the room.  I believe it's an extra $30 a night for each additional person in the room.  I'd rather take that $30 and spend it on food or slots.- Take advantage of the internet kiosks nearby the Bells service desk to do the early check-in for your flight and even print out your boarding pass!- There are 3 sets of elevators, each set designated for specific floors.  READ the signs!  :)
3	This review is soley for the casino.  I've heard bad things about the hotel itself so I'm not going to stay here.But the casino is OK.  I was expecting more from a "high class" hotel.  The machines are scattered all over and the tables are in one area.  The casino itself was nice.  We got coffee at a shop here and it blew.  Badly.I was pretty rudely carded by someone when I was getting coffee from a friend though.  I know it was his job but I didn't appreciate the disdain in his voice when he was asking me for my ID."How old are you... sir?""23.""Really, can I see some ID?""Ehh.  Continue on."Bleh.  I know it's your job but come on, I'm a gambling customer don't ruin my gambling spirit!  I luckily did gamble some more after he left and won some money though :).  Karma's gotchu Aria!
2	Today, I finally saw CityCenter, and I was stunned by how lackluster it was.The place in general was just lacking in character and charm. It was basically a high-tech Wynn or the Bellagio with less flowers, less art and no Italian motif. The Aria is borderline hidden, the easiest way to get into the place by pedestrian means is through Crystals, which is confusing enough in of itself. The waterfall and colorful fountain outside were nice enough, but the execution is a total fail. What use is stuff like that if it's hidden?I walked in, started looking around when my subconscious pretension and snottiness block started going off. It was as if an alarm was going off in my head telling me "I REALLY SHOULDN'T BE HERE." Besides, the place looked immense and knowing me I would have easily gotten lost.  I'm happy I saw it once, but it seems like it worked much better in theory than it does in execution.
3	I really do love this place, but sometimes I think it's over done with the decorations and stuff. It's like a little bit of everything it kind of gives me a headache.  The parking's not too bad, but I don't understand why the have special spots for economy cars?  The place is clean, but if you're looking to gamble....good luck trying to find help when you run into an issue.  This place is incredibly busy, and with the crowds of people and the decorations all over the place.  I get lost even though I know my way around.
3	It's aiight. Looks nice, but to me, it's just like any other casino. I like how it's a part of the City Centre movement though. The only other reason I'd come here is for Haze. But then again, that club isn't all that great either. I'd only go back for free cover.Aria get's only my 'A-OK' stamp of approval.
4	The casino was beautiful and there are lots of great restaurants here.  The poker room is sweet!   I wish I had time to play there but I didn't so I have to check it out on my next trip there.
4	love the decor. rooms were nice. very modern. loved that the curtains opened when i entered the room! but, a bit too high tech cause i couldnt figure out how to turn on the lights. the bathroom was nice, but the water pressure in the shower was only okay. i do have to say that the echo in the bathroom is a bit trippy. would i stay again? yes.
5	Best hotel I've ever stayed in my life, Not the service but the hotel is better than Wynn.
3	Needed a Vegas fix and escape from the xmas hype and frenzy (kinda jumping from the frying pan into the fire), the new Aria resort at the City Center filled the bill. Will review Bellagio based on past experiences, since Aria was the first time not staying at Bellagio...... Aria is (mostly) first class Its new, modern luxury (but sometimes just doesn't make the grade), great finishes.The Room::::::::: Corner Suite - views, comfort and tech - loved it.  There is a box with connections for a variety of gadgets to connect to (your phone, digital camera, computer) to see images on the flat screen TV monitor. (need to bring your cables !). The Room ... The Odd::::::::::The bed has a mattress that Aria proudly promotes as custom made for them, and for sale from Aria ( hmmm, not many resorts promote this.....but okie dokie). Hmmmm well, it is a "pillow top" mattress (I think the main part is layers of foam) anyhooooo, unless you love extremely soft mattresses (some folk do), like you just sink right in and it creates a cocoon around you. Since I am not a worm, and don't have aspirations to be a butterfly ... this was not good. Call down to the front desk and hear the pitch as to why this is a great mattress, and then sympathetic words when asking them if they have a room with a firmer mattress (answer NO !) Something like "sorry but all our rooms are fitted with the same mattress that was custom developed for Aria". I don't appreciate being summarily dismissed, sooooo, I call "house keeping" and again politely explain that the mattress is too soft. They explain "we hear that a lot and we can bring a mattress board to make it firmer". Having never heard of this device, I was curious. Well it turned out to be a ply-wood board that they insert under the mattress, which helped mildly. I was destined to be wrapped in a cocoon. Service The Odd::::: (like hours for house keeping to respond to a simple request)... like I would like more shampoo.Valet parking::::: suite dwellers move to the front of the response time - excellent. Complementary for all !Food::::avoid: the buffet (disclosure ... not a fan of "all you can eat" joints and stayed away from buuuufaaay's for quite a while) The credit per night we were told would be applied to the room was only for food or gift shop, and w/o any desirable items in the shop and limited time based on the recent disclosure of the "credit" , went for the buuufaaay) for $30+ per person, not a good choice. Sorry to say even for free, it was not worth sitting down, and sampling the bad food. Odd: :::::there is a $20 " resort fee" per room which includes using the pool (tooo cold to use in December), hot-tub (too many fat people from Nebraska), and wifi (very erratic).  While becoming more common, I still wonder why  a resort fee ?  Wifi is erratic (must re-register with the ARIA site again and again, bumping you off after a little while). The staff reported that due to the "free" aspect of wifi, many more people are logging on and over loading their "system". Huh ? The wifi: 1. it aint free - Aria told me I am paying for it 2. bandwidth & servers are cheap - get a clue ARIA.  Odd continued:::::::: For some reason the room service carts are left in the hallway for a long time ( 8 hours or more) After an esteemed guest finishes they push them out of the room. I can understand why, THEY STINK ! Not that I am nosy (pun not intended), but who stays in a suite and orders bbq chicken wings ? Saw 3 of them outside the suites, house keeping (at least 3 people) making their rounds to survey which rooms they were going to service, all ignoring the carts.Odd continued:::::: Returning after a dinner @ Mon Ami Gabi, there was a strong stench outside the main entrance, like S H I T., like "what is that smell ?"   Next day the stench remained. Figured out that they had dumped manure into the large planters. I could be wrong, but I would think there are less odorous compounds that can help their plants. Odd continued:::::: Picking up my car from the truly responsive valet, I hand the car jockey $ 3 folded in the appropriate tip manner. He proceeds to unfold them and count. Now come on, times are tough I know, but don't count your George Washington's in front of me. I thought $3 was a good tip for driving my great car 100 feet. I am not a whiner or complainer or candlestick maker, but the odd things kept adding up.  I chalked it up to the newness of the hotel (although I think it is a year since they opened), but  after many $ BILLIONS to create City Center, it can be true that the "devil is in the details". I can speculate that someone is not paying attention....to those details. Perhaps they can not face the devil or to busy taking a nap. Having stayed at many true 5* hotels around the world (not a bragger) Aria is a 3 or 4 star rendition...and maybe that is what they want to be. The effort and cost to get to 5 stars, may not be in their cards (pun intended)
4	This is one of the coolest hotels that I have stayed at.  Opened about a year ago in the City Center complex, it boasts luxury and fine dining at an affordable price.The rooms are nicely laid out, they have ceiling to floor windows along one side of the room over looking the Las Vegas strip.  The bathroom consists of 3 little rooms,  1 for the toilet, 1 for the standup shower which also has a garden next to it, and then the open area where the sinks are.The cool factor comes in play when you first approach your room.  All you have to do is stand outside your room and hold your key to a round disk on the door and the door will unlock.  Once you enter your room, you will be astonished with all the automation that has been put in place.  From a central remote control, you can control all the lights in the room, open and close the curtains, set the alarm clock, watch tv, listen to music, adjust the thermostat, and even set the indicators outside your room to notify the staff that you want privacy or you need to have your room serviced.  For the technology challenged, this room can be very intimidating, but with a little practice, it is easy to master.  With a touch of a button I can set the room to sleep mode where all the lights are turned off, the curtains are closed, and the tv is turned off.I ended up deducting a star because they are not very friendly to new customers when it comes to finding your way around.  When i got off the shuttle, i had to take an elevator up to the casino level, and then wander around the casino until I finally found a check-in desk.  At first I didn't even know what hotel the checking was for as there were no signs indicating anything.  The other thing I didn't like was being charged a daily resort fee of about $25 that gave me access to the spa, fitness center, a daily newspaper, 2 free cocktails, and Internet access in my room and in the casino area.  When i was at the Thai restaurant in the lobby of this casino, I was getting a great signal on my phone, but I was unable to receive any data.Overall,  it is a great hotel to stay at if you are a geeky person that likes gadgets.  The hotel is located on the south end of the strip with easy access to the other casinos.
4	Spent three nights at the Aria mid December - had an incredibly cheap rate!  Overall experience was quite good - so here's the breakdown.check in process :: we were in a GIANT line wrapping around twice in front of the super long counter.  Apparently we arrived at the exact same time as a whole group of bankers in for a convention, lucky us!  Crazy that it only took 15 min to get thru it - I gotta give them big props for that.  They also had a woman coming thru with brochures and maps of the resort and answering any questions.  We received complimentary bottles of water while waiting as well.Sadly our room was not ready - we were about an hour early than normal check-in time.  They checked us in and had us check bags with valet so we could grab lunch.service :: we had a good experience with most all of the staff with exception of the business center.  What hotel doesn't  have a few free computers for use?  Valet brought bags to the room quickly and offered to answer questions about the room - showing how to use the remote and etc.  location :: excellent - we actually walked to quite a lot of the surrounding hotels/casinos.  The city center has everything you would need - I'm sure that's what they want - to keep you in one place so you won't go somewhere else to spend your money.casino :: I cannot comment on the gambling/gaming since I did not partake, but the place is beautiful and smells great.  The smell is a bit much at first, but you totally get used to it and it really does help to mask the cigarette smoke.  When walking thru other casinos I found myself thinking about how that smell really does work at the Aria.  I might have even bought the room diffuser if it wasn't so ridiculously priced. dining :: excellent.  Anything you would need right there.  You can see my other reviews for Jean Georges Steakhouse, Sage, Julian Serrano and Jean Philippe Patisserie.  Best service we had was at Cafe Vettro for breakfast - had the most amazing server.  She was fabulous!  And did you know that place can seat over 800 people?  WOW!the rooms :: modern, clean, spacious and super tech savvy.  I loved how the room greeted me upon entering.  The bed was super comfortable and the views were spectacular.  Two comfy robes, a soaker tub and shower combo like I've never seen before.  The shower could have had a little better pressure, but that's minor.  A giant pet peeve of mine is the lack of an outlet on the nightstand - who doesn't want to have their phone plugged in by the bed?  The only outlet II could find was on the desk clear across the room!  A couple of other negatives - the bathroom just did not seem clean to me (lots of fingerprints) and knowing that this place is not all that old, the rooms are showing wear - soft wood or something, but lots of nicks and scratches.  sportsbook :: meh.  Seating was not comfortable and the viewing distance to the big screens was too close!!  No wait staff till 5PM either - huh?? I think that about covers it ... overall a very good experience.  Oh and free parking if you have your own car!!
3	I was impressed by the decor of the hotel but in my opinion there are a lot of things they could improve on in the entertainment area of this hotel.  Still fairly new, the staff isn't very well organized and the shops and amenities are lacking.Actual Room:  We stayed in a single suite style room. I enjoyed everything about the room. Everything from the curtains were controlled by the photo frame next to the bed.  The king size bed was probably the most legit hotel bed I've slept on and last but not least the room included a very fair sized safe in the closet.  Casino/shopping: The casino was pretty big and there were very little shops and restaurants inside the actual Aria but there are a bunch of stores in the city center right next door.  Oh and the buffet serves the same thing every night and it is seriously lacking in variety. Customer Service: The customer service here blows chunks.  Seriously, why provide a number for the front desk that doesn't work? I swear we were on hold for 20 minutes in the room trying to find someone to bring extra towels.  The price for this hotel relative to a few other luxury hotels on the strip is very fair.  I would stay here again not because this hotel is the best hotel I have stayed in but because I fell in love with the architecture and I feel like a younger crowd tends to stay here.  I will revise my review for this hotel in about 3 weeks when I visit sin city once more.
4	Very Nice...Got comped here for 3 nights. they gave us a 1 bed corner suite. The room was that contemporary style with simple looking features, but high quality. every room had a good size LCD tv with a great picture quality(living room, bedroom, main bathroom). the bathroom was beautiful: double sinks, marble everywhere, large soaking tub, steam shower, and one of those toilet seats that is heated and squirts your rear end when you are through dropping a Deuce. the entire room could be controlled by the TV remote including the automatic drapes. and all the lights. overall, very very nice.the entire hotel is GREAT. with some great restaurants and bars. and its at a very convenient part of the street( almost the center) SO to sum it up. there is nothing wrong with this hotel. its great. BUT, i went over to the Wynn/Encore and you just can't compare. The wynn really is in its own category, but then again its a lot more expensive.RECOMMENDED
4	The hotel itself is beautiful and very luxe. Right when you walk in, you're hit with this cookie, chocolate, cinnamon smell. It was very warm and inviting. You don't get that feeling at any other hotel. But then again, that warm feeling goes away when you lose a few hundred at the Pai Gow tables. Still, it's nice to not be surrounded by the usual cloud of smoke. The front desk accommodated our request to have our rooms close together and near the elevators. The room was very modern and comfy looking. I love how everything was electronic, from the curtains to the privacy signs. The bathroom was very fancy. The toilet was separated by an opaque glass door. There was a shower with marble floors and a bath tub right next to it. I don't know about the bed because I had to sleep on a cot. The cot was comfier than I expected. It was just like sleeping on a regular bed.  The buffet is better than most. I gave it 4 stars. However, their restaurant, Lemongrass, was horrible.  In addition, I was not happy with the in-room dining. Yes, I know that ordering food through room service is super expensive. I also understand that the food isn't usually all that great. Regardless, the thing that irked me (besides the crappy and overly salted food--how can you fuck up pizza; they could have served me the microwavable kind and I would've been happier and probably wouldn't have even noticed) was that we had to pay cash. You can't charge it to your room. Really?  Are all hotels like that?
4	I loved the decor and the whole layout of this hotel.  Rooms are on par with the best on the strip which is expected for this high end stay.  Great service and if you ever get to use the VIP service, do enjoy.
5	I was an invited guest before the grand opening to this hotel owned by MGM/Mirage/Bellagio.  My wife absolutely loves this hotel and I would say it is definitely setting a new standard.  Located in City Center in the heart of the Vegas Strip pulling up to the flag ship hotel (among 5 others) is breath taking.  Everything is on the Grand Scale here in terms of size, design, and height.  When you walk into the Aria you discover huge open spaces where the ceiling doesn't seem to exist.  I was upgraded to the Sky Suites which has a concierge floor and separate private entrance.  All of the hotels have since copied the rooms from the Aria in design and layout not to mention decor.  If you appreciate architecture this Aria Hotel takes the cake.  Completely modern, it reminds me of staying in a luxury sky rise condo.  Looking out from the bedroom window you will notice it slants outward and you are actually suspended over looking the valet which is very cool.They have some of the most famous chefs and their flagship restaurants here as well as the Crystal Mall which rivals Michigan Ave in Chicago, 5th Ave in NY, or Rodeo Drive in Beverly Hills.  The tree house Mastro's was phenomenal in design and food.  The Louis Vuitton store is the largest LV boutique store in North America.Casino-wise I played a lot here and it lacks the table action of Caesars/Mirage but plenty of slots and a beautiful layout.  It should be noted this is the only hotel in City Center with a Casino.  The Buffet needs to be AVOIDED but the Cafe is fairly good.  Monorail takes you to the Bellagio or the Monte Carlo.  During my stay the pool was not completed.  Solid 5 star Hotel/Resort geared toward the business class person and upper middle class to ultra rich.  Even with this glowing review it is not on par with the Wynn/Encore/Bellagio.
4	Sightseeing location #5: Aria +: new, modern feel; Crystal shopping mall of cool ice sculptures; beautiful waterfall in front of hotel -: we thought the Crystal mall was an exhibit of crystals..Aria is a beautiful and contemporary hotel. Everything has a feeling of freshness to it. There's also a great bakery inside with delicious gelato. YUM-O! It is also located around the middle of the strip, so it's easy to get to other places from here.
3	Nice option in Vegas. Not theme-y like the rest of the hotels, but I can't say it's super nice either. Modern feel, yes, but definitely not "luxe." The casino floor is super small, but the best thing about this place is its location - nestled between the Bellagio and Monte Carlo, near In-N-Out, and part of CityCenter.
5	*-*
5	I love the Aria. I love the art, the architecture, everything.We normally stay at the Aria every time we go to vegas. I loved how Christopher Walken was in 10 artistic photographs infront of "The Deuce." Unfortunately some drunk person broke 2 out of the 10 and they had to remove them :( Booo hooo... The rooms are nice. The pool is fun. The buffet is alright. They used to have amazing oysters and I haven't seen them since last year :( We were invited to the Aria NYE party and I must say "WOW!" Every year shocks me more and more. The event was amazing. The art, the entertainment, the food selection, the drinks......=orgasmic. You did a great job guys. I can't wait to come back. Only had thing was gambling at the slots.....I lost my money:( lol.
5	This is one of the best looking hotels in Vegas!  Love the decor and love the architecture!  It's a must see attraction.  It really makes some of the other hotels look dated.  If I come with anyone who haven't been to Vegas in awhile I always bring them here.
2	before i get into it, i agree the building is nice, artsy fartsy, modern blah blah blah...but i'm not a fan of their casino.  i'm not an avid gambler by ANY means, but i do know how texas holdem is played.  granted, it was 3AM, i'm probably pooped and sleepy looking, but it's my money, right?  i sat down at a holdem table where there were three other players and the dealer (duh).  first of all, she wasn't friendly at all, but that didn't bother me. what irked me was her lack of professionalism.  we all placed our blinds/bets, flop came out.  i realized right away i had two pairs.  i'm first up to bet or check, so i checked.  this looney dealer PICKS UP MY CARDS, looks at them, and says "it's a good hand, play them".  so of course EVERYONE ELSE folded!  i was so confused by what she did that i just got up and left.  now that i think about it, that was totally not okay!so yeah, the rest of the places i went to like haze, the deuce, and some other club with a name i can't remember were fine.  cute shops too.  but everytime i talk about the aria, i can't help but only recall that crappy gambling experience.
1	Worst 5 star hotel!  The room was small for a LV 5 star hotel with useless technologies.  Crack between curtain and ceiling let lots of light into room in morning.   We asked to change room but were told that every room has the same problem.  So if you are light sensitive do not stay here!  The gym closes at 8pm, so no one in the world exercises after that!  It takes 10 minutes for the front desk to answer the phone, no kidding!    Tear this hotel down and build another!  Avoid this place!
4	This hotel is located at the City Centre.  It was the first time I have been to CityCenter well.  Being that as it may, I was impressed with the architecture driving in to Aria.  You do have to stay on the left hand side as you enter and it is a bit awkward once you go into the parking garage so follow the signs.Setting and layout depicts a futuristic/contemporary faucade.  Behind all this is typical Vegas.  You have shopping nearby at Crystals, though there are high end stores that are out of reach for the average joe.There is convenient transportation from Aria to the adjacent hotels and Crystals using the monorail.  Even getting to Bellagio is not a far stretch.There is also a Convention Center here.  Convention Center staff was friendly as they help guest during the event, whether it is with the food or helping those trying to get directions around Aria.  There are Flat Panel LCDs in front of the Convention Center rooms for the event schedules.  They definitely provide top notch service.Layout within Aria is a bit confusing.  In the center of the hotel is the casino.  You can easily get disoriented and get confused which way it is to the parking garage.There is a decent choice of restaurants as well as a buffet.  Our stay at Aria was business and much of the pleasure was not spent eating at the various restaurants.  The only one we frequently went to was Jean Philippe for the pastries and crepes.The room we stayed at had a king sized bed.  We asked for a roll away bed for the kids and they provided that in a timely manner.  The kids had fun playing with the controls.  Lights, blinds, and TV can be all turned off via a control center.  From dimming the lights or just adjusting the blinds, all can be done with touch screen.  Kinda cool until you press the wrong button while your wife is watching TV and everything turns off.  So get familiar with the settings so you do not get yelled at.The only reason I gave this a 4 star instead of the 5 star is because of the casino and the smoking.  7 years ago, I might have given this hotel a 5 star rating, and I understand that this is Vegas, but when you have kids priorities change.
4	This hotel has improved significantly since I stayed here for 7 months ago.5 stars for the architecture for sure. The glass windows, lights, water fountain in the front, its very visually stimulating compared to its counterparts on the strip. Front Desk - 4 stars Thank you, you actually had your VIP windows filled this time. The other check in line was quite long and I could not speak for that line, but for the hotel invited guests, it was brief and painless.Casino- 4 stars I thought the service greatly improved.  - A cocktail waitress came by much more frequently than they have in the past. - The dealers, as usually just depend on a case by case basis. We had some good ones. One in particular stood out, but not in a good way. He had this joke where they changed the gambling limit to 25. After my friend fell for it, (she's quite gullible) he continued with these types of jokes, which are haha funny at first, but got annoying quick. He also told my friend to stop plying after she won $100 after starting with $40, but she won so fast, that she was miserable the rest of the time. we obviously came down with a limit to win or lose, please don't tell us what to do.Room - 4 stars-  The all in 1 touch screen is very advanced, but it would not be responsive and not all features were working properly. - They need to change the music for lovers button for sure because that channel was top 40 w/o a doubt.- lots of pillows and really comfortable bed, best one I've slept on in VegasRoom Bathroom - 4 stars-So for the younger Vegas goers who go in groups I feel bathroom functionality is essential in a good hotel room. Which means, tub-shower-sink-toilet can all be used simultaneously. Girls stand in the mirror for a while, it would be nice if we could shower or something while they did that.  Aria, at least for the base room, did separate all 3, however the shower does not have the fog glass, so that just depends on how comfortable you are around your friends. also, the tub was not as wide as I would liked it and it is connected to the shower, so you can't really use both. Misc-Bell desk is on the other side of the Casino away from the front desk-crystals, the mall, looks a lot like a museum, def can have a field day with the camera there. -room service is really nice. They get my your stuff really quick and call you to make sure you received it.-timing is not always great. - front desk called at 4am to check if we received our request. thank you for checking, but that telephone was so loud, it sounded like an alarm. -def need another set of elevators if at all possible, if you are unlucky with the room, good luck with the long walk in heels, or dragging a friend to the room. -Valets are super nice, and everyone is more than willing to help with directions.-if you want something cheap and quick, I suggest walking to monte carlo food court next door.
1	No thank you. This was the worst service that we've ever received.DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL!I REPEAT...DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL!!THIS IS A HORROR STORY!We contacted them about a promotion that we received in the mail. We booked two double-bed rooms over the phone. We were really excited about staying at this new hotel. We had heard that it was beautiful and lively. They gave us great customer service when we called. It sounded so awesome that even my brother and his family wanted to go! They asked if I can call and book one more room.So I called and asked to try and see if we can book one more double-bed room. They said they were more than happy to book one more double-bed room! We just had to pay an extra 30$. Great. "Will the rooms be close to each other?" No because the other two rooms are single-bed rooms. Hmmm...that's not what we booked and what the sales girl told me. So they told me that I had to pay an extra 30$ per room for the double bed. Fine. I'll pay it but I am not happy that I was misled to begin with. I want to talk to the girl who gave me the wrong information or her supervisor to file a complaint. If I hadn't called back and added the additional room I would have showed up with 8 adults and 1 infant with two beds only?Well, nobody ever called me back. Whatever. And I showed up with three parties. But we were informed that...we all had single bed-rooms?All double bed-rooms in the hotel are booked. On December 28th? Tuesday? Really?Now I'm pissed.I want to raise hell! I want to talk to the manager! I want to talk to the salesperson who signed us up for the room. I want someone to make this right! I want double-beds so we don't have to sleep on the floor. The supervisor in-charge told us to sleep in our room that night and tomorrow they would contact us when rooms opened up.Well, as you could have guessed that never happened...I had over 15 people at that hotel! We slept there, ate there, and bathed there. We gambled there. We spent a lot of money there. And all I wanted was for someone to keep their promise and follow through. When I contacted the front office they said they had no record of any complaints and they would call us back if a double-bed room opened up...I doubt that.I asked for the general manager's name and they gave me her name and number. Awesome. So I ask a couple of people on the casino floor about the general manager and just kind of want to get an idea of what kind of person she was...Alison Lopez, General Manager.They had never heard of her.They had fooled me for what felt like the 100th time. I had NO peace of mind. I will never stay there again. I still am having trouble contacting any kind of management. Nobody can follow-up with their customers. For regular Vegas visitors, we have NEVER felt more disrespected. I'm still trying to contact Alison Lopez...no one knows who she is.Front desk girl name was Vanessa, second phone salesman was Alan, supervisor was Eva. All terrible and misleading.Please do not stay at this hotel. And if you do, just call and verify your information. This was a NIGHTMARE.By the way, we did not get any kind of housekeeping over 3 nights here. This was minimal compared to the other problems but still...
5	Simply put, Aria is new and clean.You have clean rooms.You have high quality bedding.You have a great entertainment system with on screen guide just like at home.You have modern finishes in and around the hotel and casino.You have an exorbitant shopping mall that sells things you cannot afford.You have champagne brunch with the nicest waitresses in the world. (tip them a bit extra)You have ample parking and lighted center dividers that make you want to crash into them.If you gamble ~$100 a hand for 4 hours they will give you a free room!You have floor to ceiling windows.  Why would you stay anywhere else?
5	I have to start off by saying first that I won this hotel off priceline, bidding only $90. So the fact that this hotel was a deal made the whole experience much much better.The hotel itself is supposed to be 5 star, which not that its not great, but I don't know if it compares to the Wynn etc.. Anyway, the hotel is very classy and nice, the hotel rooms are very nice, the bed very comfortable. My only pet peeve was that they don't have a coffeemaker in the room, which i know sounds stupid, but that's the way I like to wake up in the morning. A lot of hotels I realize are doing that lately but anyway.There are 2 attached "centers" if you will , the city center and cosmopolitan, and in these 2 there is everything. Food, shopping, nightclubs or just a perfect excuse to walk around just to people watch, which is always a must in Vegas. I am suprised that people have a had bad service at this hotel and felt that the rooms were dirty. I did not have this experience at all.the moral of the story here is: bid on priceline.Oh and another note, the layout of the hotel is really bizzarre. The placement of the lobby in relation to the front of the hotel and the parking and then the guest elevators to take you up to your room makes no sense. I adjust to new places quickly and always know my way around, but at this hotel I could never get it right.And who are these people that brings their kids to vegas, really? you cant think of anywhere more appropriate to go, than bring your kids to casinos filled with smoke, pictures of naked women and drunken people all over the place?????
5	We had a great time here. The atmosphere is more adult then party but the dealers strike a conversation with you and make you feel at ease.  Our room had a few quirks that were promptly fixed by the staff.  The concierge customer service is the best I have ever experienced.  It was a little pricey just looking at the price tag, but once you get into your room you'll see it is worth every penny.  Thanks Aria.
5	All I have to say is the room has Control 4!! Any hotel that goes that far with technology is ok in my book!!  And they supported Magnolia Audio Video (a Best Buy Conpany) which I love as well!! Oh...  And I met Jamie McMurray (42 Daytona 500 Winner) there last February while NASCAR was in town!!
5	Wow! The lobby was gorgeous! The room was huge! The bathroom beautiful! Such a nice place!
3	It's big, it's "modern", it's expensive.  Still too soon to say if Aria, and all of CityCenter, is going to be a gigantic bust or a harbinger of Vegas's future.  It has a very cold feel to it (not much character) which is both refreshing for Vegas (I do not need staff dressed as characters) and disappointing (I felt like I was walking around a nameless corporation's headquarters). There were some problems with the room.  The entry way lights did not turn off due to a faulty switch which took two phone calls and basically a day to fix.  Also it didn't seem like there was a in house safe in the usual places.  So either I didn't look hard enough/needs to be clearly labeled somewhere.Housekeeping was slow.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating, however it takes them awhile to get your room cleaned.  It took them until 3pm to get the room made up.As far as gaming goes it is very nice, very new.  The pit bosses are really friendly and I won money so I'm not going to complain :)
5	Luxury is the best word to describe this hotel and that's an understatement. I had VIP service here and from start to finish it was well worth it. I felt like Donald Trump!They sent a limo to pick me up and drop me off to the airport. While I was waiting to check in I hung out in the VIP lounge which was full of free food and drinks including wine and is open 24 hours! My suite was beautiful. Great view of the strip and all the luxuries of home, in fact the suite was better then my home. There is a built in sauna in the shower! The toilet was one of those smart toilets with headed seat and wash buttons. There was a dining room, living room and bar and TV's in each room. Simply amazing suite.The buffet was very nice but pretty standard food. Casino was typical.There's a theater where they show the Elvis Cirque Du Soleil show which is very fun to watch. The staff was very helpful and professional. The overall design of the hotel is very classy and modern. I have to say this is my new favorite hotel in Vegas and I will definitely stay here again.
5	Here is my experience:Service staff - not the friendliest, but I can't be picky....they deal with lots of a%%holes on a daily basis.Location - In the heart of the strip.Rooms - Large, clean and comfortable - my wife fell in love with the bed.  We slept like babies.Technology - wow...maybe a tad too much.  I would've preferred a Mac in the room instead of the light+temp+curtain control.Bathroom - Very nice.  Heated toilet seat with the Bellagio fountains built in...and a dryer to say ahhhhh to.Restaurants - Pricey and questionable....I suggest taking a walk across the street and eat at 'Earl of Sandwich' for fraction of the cost and get much better quality food.Casino - I'm not a gambler, but it seemed adequate for depositing your hard-earned dough.I give it a 5 star, because of it's location, cleanliness and convenience...and the great nights sleep we got.
4	I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by my stay. I booked my hotel/flight for 3 nights through Southwest Vacations all for ~$500. But shortly after, reading some reviews got me a bit worried. Here are some things I would like to clarify after reading some reviews.1) Resort Fee - YES. Unfortunately this a trend in Las Vegas. Aria is certainly not the only hotel to have this and unfortunately it is one of the higher resort fees. It gives you access to the Gym, Free internet throughout the ENTIRE casino, some random other things - it does NOT give you access to the spa (my one major let down). The spa facility charges $30 just for entrance.2) Housekeeping - COMES EVERYDAY. I'm not sure who's review it was that I read but they complained about not getting their room serviced... uhm.. definitely not true. Perhaps they forgot they had their "privacy" light on. The control panel by the front door has a button for "Lights" "Privacy" and "Service." They did such a great job cleaning my crap everyday. No complaints from me.Now onto some of my observations/experiences.- Rooms: SO SPACIOUS! Got a large king bed that was ubbber comfy. I slept so well every night. I loved that there was a button next to the bed labeled "Good Night" and it would 1) turn off all the lights in the room 2) electronically pull the sheer and solid curtain. In the morning, I heard the solid curtain open up. It was a great way to wake up - I didn't have the sun blaring into my eyes but I could still see the daylight. LOVED it.- Bathroom: I really loved the bathroom. Nice big tub (big enough for 2) with a nice shower. Great temperature control and pressure. - Bathrobes: LIKE A DREAM. Okay I admit.. I pretty much changed out of my regular clothes as soon as I got in to the room just so that I could put on the robe. Yes.. that comfortable.- In room service: Okay.. food was so-so... err.. okay so-so may be actually generous. I ordered probably the most bland quesadilla in my life. - Rest of the hotel: I really liked having different elevators for different floors. I was on the 25th floor. There were 4 elevators dedicated for just the 25-30th floors. I never waited long. The elevators were amazingly fast and quiet. Pools looked awesome - didn't actually go into them but there were so many different ones.**TIP**: expect to pay MORE $$ for any taxi ride going TO aria/cosmopolitan - the road that leads to their front goes through some weird back route and unfortunately that tacks on maybe $4 -5 bucks. If you are coming FROM the airport, take the shuttle that is $6/person one way. The taxi ride will be ~$20. On the other hand, if you are GOING to the airport, its a quick ride ~$12.00.
4	Awesome Hotel, Mediocre Casino.
4	Was here for an org retreat and got to stay for pretty much free and the room we got was great. Amazing view of the City Center.  The room was a bit intimate but nice.  Loved how when you open the door, the drapes open, the TV/music turns on (yes, simple pleasures). And yes, I said ooooh. ;p  My friend (the higher roller) had a suite and his bathroom was as big as our room and had an AWESOME view of the strip... from the tub. I would totally be down for nekkid time in that room.The casino is quite nice and like the look since it's very modern.
5	This place is great! The room was the best I've ever stayed in. The dinner we had at Union was the best steak and lobster ever!! The staff was very friendly, drink service at the slots was great!! We had a sky suite and they sure know how to make you feel good (heated toilet seats, Free mini bar!!)  The slots paid off pretty good also.
3	We stayed here in Sept and thought it was pretty nice so we booked a vaca through Southwest Vacations to stay here again since it was one of the cheapest. The rooms are nice and very modern and hi tech, nice big shower and tub and central location on the strip. I was surprised when we checked in that there was a new daily $22 resort fee.  it included access to the gym, WiFi, and 2 complimentary drinks. I wanted to use the gym when we stayed there before but it was $30 a day to get in since it was in the spa area, which I also thought was excessive.  But, i didn't even end up using the gym this time.  The WiFi sucked and I ended up using 3G on my iPhone anyway. And who needs free drink passes at a casino? They included free boarding pass printout at the concierge desk as a perk, but that was free last time. I can't complain about the staff since i hardly interacted with them.  Checkin was fine. The line at the concierge was long.  It took until 4:30pm for our room to be serviced.  We ate at the breakfast buffet, which was great and pretty reasonable at $15. Everything from eggs benedict, made to order omelettes, sausages, congee and kimchi and pastires. We went before and learned that if you go around 10:30, you'll probably still be there when they change over for lunch  :) Had a late lunch at Julian serrano and prices there was reasonable too.  No ceviche on the lunch menu, but the gazpacho was best thing we ordered. The stuffed peppers were also very good. Tuna and raspberry bites weren't that great--overpowered by the raspberry.  We also went to the happy hour at American Fish. $5 is a great deal, but the selections were so so.  2 Oysters and 2 pieces of yellowtail sashimi were not bad but pretty hard to mess up. Lobster corndogs and fish and chips pretty uninspired.  The aioli and tartar sauces were the best parts. We didn't go to the clubs or eat anywhere else in CityCenter. Some pluses and minuses, but probably won't stay here again.
5	If you value service, this is the place to stay.  Its a little pricey, but one of the nicer places in Vegas. Regardless of your limit as a player, comps are descent and they treat you with respect. You can even get Fiji water for free.  But I never been to a place where the room service even sent me my shoes after I checked out and flew back home.  Now that's service.
4	Second stay at the Aria Sky Suites.  Very nice to have a separate check in and concierge service.  Had friends stay in another tower.  Very smoky room and unpleasant stay for them.  Bummer when we were departing as the bellman didn't show up when scheduled and a long wait even after the second request.  Not good when you have to be somewhere on time!
4	Third trip to Aria... this time stayed in one of Aria's 'Skysuites'. The basic Skysuite room is similar in size and decor with the other regular rooms on the lower levels... but the Skysuite rooms are all located up on higher floors in the center core of the building with views that look over those in front, and out to the horizon. And there's a separate private entrance both from inside and outside the hotel, and Skysuite guests have their own mini lobby and coffee/ snack area...  all very nicely done. If you're looking to separate yourself from the crowd, this is the place to come.
5	I was in Vegas for several days last week and I'll admit, I'm not a Vegas person---sorry!  However, I did like the fact that Aria was a little more low key than many of the other hotels, so you weren't hounded with obnoxious flashing lights or just bad lighting overall when you're inside.  We were in a corner suite so we had great views overlooking the strip and to the north.  The room was gorgeous, albeit a bit on the small side in the living room.  The master bedroom was nice and the bathroom was beautiful as well, everything was clean and we had appeared to have maid service a couple of times a day.  I made it to the gym, nice facilities and only walked through the spa area on the way to the gym, it looked SO peaceful and relaxing, next time I'll be sure to find time for some spa treatments.I did lay in the sun by the pool after working out (it was a bit too cold for a dip in the pool---january) and one morning I did lounge in a hot-tub for a bit, but the buffet looks over the hot-tubs---a bit weird if you ask me.We had great service, a nice room and a great stay.  I'd recommend it to anyone.
3	I feel like Aria hasn't blown me away quite yet. The casino floor is small and crowded feeling compared to others on the strip. There are rooms that can be had on the strip for much less with the same exact features if not more. The room remote is silly and we couldn't get the media center working. The bathrooms in the room were ok too but there really is no wow factor whatsoever.
5	I can't get enough of this hotel. I wanted to get a crane and a plane to transport their bed to my house. Seriously, the most comfortable bed in the world, no joke! The staff members are so friendly and helpful, I always had a great experience no matter what my activity was. I highly recommend this hotel and I wouldn't bother staying anywhere else, the Aria is my home away from home. Also, don't forget to try Jean Philippe's Patisserie, they have the best coffee, pastries, panini's and nutella crepes!
4	Vanilla! Vanilla, is the first thing that comes to my mind when I think of this Hotel. I love how it has it's own distinct smell. We stayed here for 3 nights in one of our trips last year. The room, was spacious and clean. Just as I expect it to be considering that it's a new hotel. I like how each our room had a view of the pool area and no matter how hot it was outside, with the full glass window our room was still chilled. Having all the space was convenient and nice to have. I love their tub with a separate shower. But the bathroom wasn't spacious. Dislike the pillows too, they were too soft for my preference. I hope they thought about visitor's parking. I hate the long walk to the garage! I wish, they would of considered the walk.lol Aside from that, I will come back to stay here again.
4	Just walked through while heading to Gold's Lounge but oh it is GORGEOUS in here!!! Definitely out of my price range to stay whilst visiting Sin City but I would LOVE to do it one day!!! Don't be afraid to ask for directions through the maze of halls and corridors because YOU WILL GET LOST!!!
4	Terrific hotel. Rooms are well appointed.  It's next to the City Center, which has every top brand store in it.  Easy access to lots of restaurants and the casino is very nice.  Several clubs on property too. Definitely will look to stay here again!
3	The casino area was very nice. The theater where they do Viva Elvis was very fancy. It felt like there was less gambling area than other casinos though. Like other Vegas hotels, stop confusing me or you're not getting a 5-star review! The City Center is the worse, as, even though there are so many neat design elements in the mall, when you go around to get to a certain part, you have to turn around because of a dead end and get lost some more. It's terrible...
2	I'm with Barry W.  Housekeeping: you need to get your act together because when I checked into my suite today, I was mortified.  You should be too.Refer to my pics.  I  called for the Executive Manager of Housekeeping, who arrived with two other staff members.  It took no fewer than seven phone calls because apparently there was also a technical difficulty with my telephone.  Read:  my phone was busted.  Upon their arrival, I showed them the disaster zone and  they agreed that the wet bar was filthy and in a whispered conference in the bedroom made the decision to change my room.  Brilliant.  I then had to wait around for Bell Service to transfer my luggage (and by now, the germaphobia and revulsion for the state of my room was joined by frust-arvation).  Housekeeping professionals tsk-tsked and continued their hushed conference in the bedroom area, while I paced.  They advised that had I any further concerns, I should contact Casino Services.  Which I did.FD:  "Front Desk, how may I be of service?"KD:  "Hi.  I have to change rooms because of unsanitary conditions and I would like to know what your protocol is to accommodate guests for the inconvenience."FD:  "We change you to another room."KD:  "Okaaay... My particular situation was extreme, and I'm just following up as Housekeeping suggested-"FD:  "Ma'am, are you looking for compensation?"KD:  "What?"FD:  "I can offer you a $50 food credit."KD:  "Uh, I'm pretty sure there was more than $50 worth of food scattered about my wet bar when I checked in.  If this is how you keep the rooms, where I can see everything, what makes you think I want to eat in your restaurants?"FD:  "Ma'am, I can give you the $50 food credit, take it or leave it."KD:  "Alrighteee, then.  Thanks."I did speak to Ms. Shum, Assistant Front Desk Manager who was attentive, gracious, and glanced at the pictures I'd taken before settling on a more appropriate gesture for the inconvenience caused by the negligent Housekeeping Staff.She gave me her card and was rather professional about the incident.I continue to have requests to engineering get "lost in the ether" for an hour... my follow up call resulted in me holding in excess of five minutes and then being asked to hold again.  I told the Front Desk Rep that 90 seconds is the ceiling in a Hospitality Setting where you can respectfully ask for your guest to wait.  Beyond that, you get back on the line, inform them that you will track down the answer and contact them.  I'm stranded on Incompetence Island in a 950 sqft Suite of Despair.  Send help.
5	Note:  My opinion is a little tainted and biased as my partner was one of the sustainability consultants for the City Center project including being part of the team responsible for the hotel's LEED Gold rating.....Truly an amazing experience!  The lobby was grand....  The art installations were gorgeous.  The scale was beyond anything I had imagined.... The room was gorgeous with a gorgeous view of Luxor and it's space piercing beam of light.  I couldn't stop staring up... sideways.... down... across....  Truly a modern marvel of ingenuity, construction, and service. Honestly, couldn't have been better (for my 1st time to Vegas)Thank you and I'll be back!
5	One word describes it-----COOOOOOOOL!
5	Nice hotel, nice views! We were on the 51st floor or something near that. I liked how they have that little screen next to your bed which turns the lights on and off, open and closes the curtains, turns the tv on and off...etc. There is also a channel that shows you flight information! Loved that! The staff was friendly and because we had comped rooms, my husband had invited guest check-in (meaning no wait) and free dinner buffet! The bell service was fast to bring our luggage up and valet service was quick getting our car. I would probably stay here again but my favorite hotel is still TheHotel at Mandalay Bay. The tower is smoke free and away from the casino.
2	I'm actually still here, so the Aria still has about 13 hours to redeem itself in my eyes...but that seems unlikely.I'm in a corner suite on the 25th floor which boasts an absolutely gorgeous view of the strip, especially at night. However, the view is only possible because the suite is surrounded on three sides by glass...which is unfortunately very ineffective at blocking noise from outside. I'm writing this review at 3:05 AM as the bass-heavy music from a nearby nightclub threatens to shatter every window in the room. I called the front desk to ask if they knew what the noise was and if so, when I might expect it to stop. The answer was, "Uhhhh...well it's Wednesday night...could be The Cosmopolitan? Maybe it will stop around 3 or 4?"Look, I know I'm in "VEGAS, BABY!!!" and some noise is to be expected. But I didn't ask for a 24-hour club experience, and I think guests booked on this side of the hotel should be warned that that's what they're getting. Also, guests who have a complaint (even when it's about something over which the staff has no control) should at least be offered an apology or some minor compensation, not just "Uhhhh..." Bad form.Another noise problem: The jets in our bathroom jacuzzi tub came on randomly three times throughout our stay. That was a bit unsettling.As for the rest of the hotel, it's not terrible - the casino is fun and easy to navigate, there are a number of restaurants offering a variety of food options, the buffet is good, and the housekeeping thus far has been decent (had a couple of dirty-looking drinking glasses when we walked in, but otherwise the room was spotless). Also, I ordered breakfast from room service and was quite impressed with the efficiency of service and overall presentation. The food is lacking in quality for as much as it costs, though - the same is true in the 24-hour cafe downstairs (Cafe Vettro). In fact, I think that's a fine summary for my stay here: Lacking in quality for as much as it costs. I won't be staying here again.(Update: The music finally stopped at 3:30 AM. Sweet, sweet relief.)(Update #2: We needed a late checkout and were informed we'd have to pay $150 to stay in the room an extra four hours. I explained that I'd spent most of the night awake involuntarily listening to loud, thumping music and was planning to spend that four hours catching up on sleep before flying home. A nice young lady at the front desk named Tahlia got me a late checkout for no extra charge. Then when we checked out, an employee named Dana argued that we probably weren't hearing what we thought we were hearing and it couldn't have been that bad because they'd have heard it at the front desk. Again, bad form.)
4	What a beautiful property!!! Every design element in Aria is amazing! No plaster statues or fake Egyptian decor here! I would have rated the hotel a 5, but check in really needs to be improved. They had 4 people staffed at reception and there were 4 other empty counters that could have been opened. So, the process took about 15 minutes. Also, cocktail service by the pool was handled by only two waitresses! 25 minutes for a cocktail!!! Why??? Otherwise everything was perfect and we cannot wait to return!!!
4	I liked this hotel. It had a very modern feel to it throughout the hotel. Our room was spacious and the bed was SO comfortable. The pillows were just the way I have them at home, so it kinda felt like being in my bed at home. A++ I removed a star because we had a nonsmoking room, but we smelled cigarette smoke in the room. I personally hate cig. smoke but it effects my husband more since he has asthma. So shame on you Aria! I think there should be separate air vents for the smoking rooms and the nonsmoking rooms - haha that would be perfection! Would I come back? Most definitely.
4	I stayed here on my girls trip to Vegas.  It's all the trendiness and hospitality you'd expect from a Vegas hotel, with the added benefit of being newer.  You'd never think this was a casino by the smell.  Seriously, they must periodically spritz Vanilla air freshener.  The Deluxe Rooms are a comfortable size and the bathrooms are pretty large too.  For female parties: note that there are no electrical outlets near the full-length mirror to get ready.  There's also a $22 per day resort fee that will be added regardless of which third-party company you actually book your stay with.
4	Me-likee.  Yes it has a Gulf of Oman feel to it but it is very clean, new and manageable in size and scope.  I had a great room and loved the technology features which were as current as anywhere I have ever stayed.  We used the conference facilities which were convenient also.  Definitely would return.  They do "spritz" some kind of incense or something though that did not bother me but drove my friend mad.
4	A newer hotel with modern decor. There are 54 floors and we stayed on the 53rd. We didn't have the view of the strip but the floor to ceiling windows are great! Upon entering the room, the curtains automatically open, lights are on, and the TV turns on, basically welcoming you to the hotel. There is also a control panel on the nightstand where you can control the temperature, curtains, TV, and lights. Elevators are fast; we never waited longer than about 15 seconds.The city center is also very nice with high end designer stores.
4	It's not the most beautiful, nor the most romantic. It doesn't have the best dining options, nor the best clubs. It doesn't have great shopping, nor a great show. So why do I like ARIA?I like ARIA because it's in the center of City Center. The hotel is clean-cut and simple. The restaurants are all safe and pretty solid  (American Fish won't disappoint!). The club Haze is mediocre but they offer plenty of lounges that are quite chill and not overcrowded and don't charge cover (Gold Club upstairs or Deuce downstairs). It has a convenient tram to Bellagio and Monte Carlo.Overall the rooms here are all solid and beautiful. Very similar to the rooms at Vdara but missing the kitchenette. Very comfy beds.If you want something safe that's still quite high end, Aria is a good choice. If you want high end dining options opt for the Wynn or MGM and if you want good shopping and a more romantic getaway then opt for The Venetian.
4	Very nice hotel resort to be in.  Love the decor and the location.  It's right smack in the middle of the strip.  I would definitely stay here on my next Vegas trip
3	Really beautiful place and structure; esp City Center; fascinating to see how fast Vegas has grown into~
5	Aria is a great compromise between modern design, sexually charged energy and the color brown.  I can't believe how much brown is in this Hotel. It should all be replaced with a monochrome palate, but that's just my opinion. What do I know, I am only the most amazing traveler ever right?  I have to LOL at ARIA for a few things and I hope you will join in on the fun. #1 - Room rates. OMG MGM Resorts is so sad that this hotel is priced so low. If you ever pay more than $129 weekday, $199 weekend you are overpaying.  There are tons of promos, (follow ARIALV on Twitter),  $50 suite upgrades and more, just look for them.  What this means is that cool people can stay here without going into debt, it also means trashy ppl, losers, and "30K Millionaires" can stay here on their Discover cards.  There's also the Ed Hardy crowd, they love this place, especially the Pool. OMG IS HEIDI MONTAG HERE???!!!  I have all these images of skanky ho-bags throwing up all over Aria's pretty bathrooms.  I want to cry. #2 - WhErE to EaT??? IM DRUNK.... IM HUNGRY BRO!  I get it, it's a high-end resort and it has nice restaurants, when the economy picks back up, it will be cool. But for now, just know that there is no where decent to eat at ARIA.  The restaurants start at " $$$" you know...like how they rate them with the dollar sign...all at leadt  "$$$."   The buffet is pretty nasty, I wonder if there is a Yelp for just the buffet.  There should be, maybe I'll head over there next and talk about how the buffet is composed of Indian Food, enchiladas and chicken fingers. HORF!#3 - Aria has so many awesome features in design and innovation but it's all wasted on the crowd here. I think I sound snobby here, but I love the design of Aria and people don't seem to appreciate it one bit.  They even replaced the signage with these god-ugly neon blue signs becasue so many, I am assuming fat people, could not find the buffet. Mooooo...  The bathrooms are slick, the slot masheens such in cigarette smoke and expel pretty-smelling air and the art is pretty masculine and fantastic. I've stayed here like 8 times and I always ask to upgrade to a corner suite, usually it's only like $50 more a night and you get to live like Kim Kardashian for a night.   DEAL!I hope if you are reading this you will give Aria a shot, it's really beautiful, sexy, glam and a great deal.  Let me know if you agree with the overuse of Brown.  It should be black right!!!
5	Super bowl weekend, free invite only bowl party, sky suites lounge.  I love it.But really, the only thing that I have to gripe about with this casino is how bad they rape my wallet at the tables.  I don't think I've ever been remotely close to being up here.  Then again, it's Vegas, what did you expect?Rooms are a little on the smaller end (including sky suites) but nice.  Everything is styled very clean and contemporary; the rooms are controlled via either remote or buttons on the walls...no dials or knobs anywhere.  "Goodnight" button next to the bed is a nice touch, it turns off everything in the room and closes the blackout and sheer.  There is an input panel near the TV, so that you can connect USB devices, chargers and analog VCR's to the TV if that's your thing,This review is about the hotel itself.  I personally don't care about Haze and I haven't been to the pool...yet.
3	I've stayed here a couple of times now and while I have no real complaints, there are better hotel options on the strip for sure.Modern decor with a fresh feel to everything, you won't feel like you're in a rehabbed hotel like Planet Hollywood.  Nonetheless, the quality of everything is just lacking.  Consider it the Ikea of resorts.The rooms are small.  For the same price, you can grab a place at the adjacent Vdara and it'll be more spacious.  Got hooked up with an upper level scenic view with complimentary chocolate covered strawberries.  The strawberries were a joke!!!  Okay okay, they were free, I guess I shouldn't be expecting much.  On the plus side, it's conveniently located next to the CityCenter.  But if you don't mind the distance, I highly suggest you stay at a north strip hotel (i.e., Venetian, Wynn, etc.); comparable prices and better bang for your buck overall.Warning: Trippy lower level scrolling light text action at the valet pick up.  The downside?  Don't stare directly into it while you're hungover.  May cause extreme motion sickness, which can lead to vomiting!
4	Stayed at Aria recently,and was quite pleased.  First, we got a great price at around $100 per night-can't beat that! The location really could not be better--it truly is in the center of the strip, so you're conveniently located to everything!The decor and scent of the hotel are just lovely. I couldn't get over the bath tub/shower area--very nice.  I also loved the electronically controlled blackout blinds.  Although I usually hate paying a resort fee, this one actually didn't bother me, because it includes unlimited gym access, two free cocktails, and wireless internet throughout the facility.  The whole experience at Aria was great, except after hearing so many bad reviews about the buffet and restaurants, I didn't have the heart to eat at the hotel-maybe next time.
2	What's with the Vegas Strip these days, all the new hotel/casinos are all "velvet ropes and posturing". This place is style with some substance, and interesting architecture, however I enjoy the casinos in Vegas that give me a theme. Average size rooms with a big bathroom, bathtub with a connected shower. The toilet is separated by a glass door for a quiet release. I've stayed at a lot of places in Vegas and this is the best room I've been in by a little bit, but I did have to pay for it. I have not stayed at the Wynn yet though, I will be there in May 2011 for a wedding, so I may have to update this review. The buffet is average, definitely no 'Rio Buffet', but their unlimited Mimosa can be worth it.I did enjoy the British bar (with a good draught selection) and the open bar in the casino area is decent. However, I do have a major beef that you get no break to get into their nightclub Haze for staying here like other hotels on the strip.Overall, this place lacks personality and doesn't feel 'fun'. I don't have any good reason for you to stay here.
5	Hotel amenities are awesome. The casino smells great. The pool was just ok. The best part was that when I stayed here last summer I left a whole garment bag full of clothes that I had just bought in the closet and I had no idea until I got home. I was so sure no had turned it in but housekeeping did. The hotel shipped it to me.... FREE! can't beat that.P. S. Nothing was missing. :)
5	Wow!!!! Place is beautiful!!! We had a small suite and it was just amazing, great view of the strip!  Even the door key to room is cool...opens with a swipe instead of a slide! Ultra modern interior, we had a small kitchen and 2 bathrooms, it's a perfect place to gave a small gathering.
4	Loved this hotel. City center is a GREAT location, and the tram connecting you to Bellagio gives you access to the best buffet, O, and the rest of the strip!Dark and modern, hip but classy.Definitely will stay again.
4	I had a great stay at the Aria. The hotel itself is beautiful and is located in a perfect center strip location. Rooms are top-notch, rivaling Bellagio, Wynn & others, in my opinion. All of the staff were friendly and attentive.The only negative thing I can say about the Aria is that the table limits are a bit high for someone of my .....ahem....budget. Trying to quell my gambling fix at 10pm on a Tuesday night and finding nothing but $15 minimum tables was a bit of a letdown. I guess that's where Vegas is headed these days, but geez can't you throw us low rollers a bone and open up a $10/table, Aria????
5	I stayed in one of the penthouse suites here back in April of 2010 for a friend's bachelorette party.I loved how the penthouse lounge offered free gourmet snacks and unlimited wine, beer, and most any type of liquor. Always a plus in my books.Our check in was very fast, and the concierge, staff, and host took great care of us.The hotel is gorgeous and I love the restaurants they had to offer.The only problem I had was at one of the bars- one of the bartenders was BEYOND rude and condescending. I did something I've NEVER done before and that was to speak with his manager.The manager apologized for his rudeness and offered a free round of drinks for my friend and me- which I politely declined because that's NOT the reason why I complained.Other than that minor bad experience, I had a lot of fun here.Haze is a great club- a bit pricey- even for vegas- (Cmon 18 dollars for a jager shot?) and the pool is an equally fun place to hang out. Both the club and pool play great music.I'll definitely want to stay here next time I go to Vegas.
4	The room was fantastic.  The touchpad that controls everything from the shades and lights to the tv was the highlight for me.  The double closets was a pretty genius touch too.  I usually get one drawer and no hangers (although there still weren't enough hangers, there never are in any hotel, how do you spend $500,000 per room and not have a dozen hangers?) so it was a nice touch that I could have my own space.  The bathroom was great, huge soaking tub and shower all in one stall.  A great way to make a somewhat small  bathroom still seem luxurious.  The one star ding was for dining options.  We sometimes opt for a lower grade hotel in Vegas because we have to go twice a year for business.  We love the rooms and comfort level but 30 bucks for coffees and pastries adds up.  None of the super lux hotels can stomach having one or two affordable options for coffee or lunch.  Still we have stayed in two of the city center hotels so far and they are probably the two nicest hotels we have stayed at in Vegas.
2	I really wanted to like this hotel. The architecture is beautiful and the rooms are nicely high tech. Unfortunately, my stay there was less than optimal and it all comes down to poor customer service. First impression:The fountain outside is pretty cool and the casino smells good when you walk in. Many casinos have that nasty smoke smell, but the Aria does not. This was a major plus since I hate the smell of smoke.  Check in:Although quick and efficient, the front desk host was lacking in social skills needed for hospitality. I've worked for years in the business and I know when someone can be more helpful and chooses not to be. There wasn't a line and the host could have chosen to be friendlier and more informative. Instead, he didn't engage in conversation and seemed reluctant to give us the room we had reserved. The Room:I liked the remote that allowed us to control the TV, Radio, Lights and curtains. The room was a nice size, but not the biggest I've seen in Vegas. There are buttons that control the lighting on the sides of the bed. One says sleep and that turns off everything in the room. My friend decided to take a nap while I was in the shower and it turned off the lights in the bathroom. I was a little tipsy and it scared the ish out of me. The Scam Artist:On the first night the guys in the group decided to go to a strip club. A bellman in the lobby told them that he could get them a free limo ride and comp access to the Hustler if they gave him a sizeable tip. They paid the guy and hopped into the limo. When they got to the club, the limo guy asked for his fee. The guys had been told it would be a free ride, but paid him anyway. When they got to the door and asked about their comp access, the security at the club said that they had no affiliation with anyone at the Aria Hotel. So my overall impression of the Aria is that it could have been much better. Customer service wasn't what it should have been at such a nice hotel and nothing about the room really wowed me. I wouldn't stay here again and for that reason, I can't recommend it to anyone else.
1	The sportsbook here is a joke i've seen walkin closets that are larger. No, really the sportsbook is really the size of some peoples living room. I guess they should change the name to the horse racing book because pretty much all the screens were in horse races during ncaa basketball season
5	This is one of the top 3 most beautiful hotels in Vegas. I also love Wynn and Encore. There is a huge, well-presented, well-stocked Jean Pierre's here. The casino is just super classy and happening. Hope to stay at this hotel some time!
1	For a new hotel I was surprised with the lack of quality with this place. It seemed like they cut a lot of corners when making this place. First, there was no line when I walked in. I don't know if they are trying something new at this place or what but the concept does not work. You have a melee of people trying to get a spot and no one to really guide what's going on. My buddy who was also staying there ended up waiting 40 minutes when his key didnt work and he had to get a new one. Terrible service. Once up to the room, you get surprised with the automatic blinds and a great looking room but that's where things end. My bed was collapsed on one end...how does this happen in a new hotel and how do they not replace it? The walls were paper thin. I could hear everyone's conversations! It didnt matter if there were yelling or talking at a normal level...I could hear it. Out of the room things were no better. Try to eat in the hotel and you will pay top dollar for average food. The buffet will charge you extra for their weekend brunch when its simply no more than left overs from the week prior (trust me I ate there about 3 or 4 times and the items were starting to get old). They did have some interesting things on the menu such as goat but it hardly justified the price. I also went for a burger in the main cafe type restaurant and ended up having to pay extra for every addition on top of the bun and meat. I think I ended up with a $25 burger that I could have gotten at Burger King for less than $5....my total meal with drink and salad came out to over $40!. The hotel bars were ok but became over crowded as there isnt much to do here and you're always looking to go else where. I also don't like over whelming smells and the air fragrance they pump into the hotel is absolutely obnoxious. I could actually smell people at my convention who had been staying at the Aria because you could smell that horrible fragrance. Never again will I stay here.
4	The only thing holding the Aria back from a 5th star in my review is the price.The rooms are gorgeous, the shops and restaurants are top notch, and the Casino level smells like vanilla! Aside from a lack of casual dining areas, which causes the existing casual dining areas to get packed at meal times, I loved our stay here.The casino is very conemporary and clean. The art throughout the hotel is great, and the surrounding venues are very nice to explore. Stayed during Chinese New Year and loved how it was decked out for Year of the Metal Rabbit!
4	We went as a group trip so it was relatively cheap. The twin room we stayed was really big, two people can definitely fit into one bed (hmmm,or maybe it was a room for 4 people?!). I accidently hurt my leg a day before going there, so I had to ask for a wheelchair from the hotel for the entire trip,SAD,I KNOW!! People are really nice and provide me the wheelchair for free for 2 days and 2 nights. :) Casino is on the ground floor...(way to sad to even talk about that).But yeah,I enjoyed my stay there! :D
5	I get comped penthouse sky suites here, so I'm obviously biased, and that is what I will be reviewing.The views are amazing, and the sky lounge provides as many complimentary refreshments (bottles of juice, soda, and water) as your greedy little fingers can handle.
2	I came here for a medical convention that was off site. I was excited, the website made the place look really nice. So I was hoping for the best. Ultimately, the service here sucks. I think I could have had a seizure in the middle of the foyer and no one would have noticed. It's a shame, because they place had potential... but sadly you cannot polish a turd. The general smell of the lobby is nice. It doesn't smell like an ash tray. But the concierge desk closes at 9pm on weekends.. in Vegas. REALLY? There was no line for check in and the girl was fast. But she was a bitch. Really. I had called to request a city view and the person had never made that reservation note... so when I checked in the girl was like, "You've been upgraded to a city view.." At which point I replied, "You upgraded me to what I am paying for..." Let's just say, even though I indicated to her it was my 30th birthday, she was SO unpleasant and unhelpful, I almost left the hotel to go to the Cosmopolitan. Also, she neglected to give us a bunch of stuff at check in.. it was just... bad. She was a bitch. The room itself was pretty.. and the automation is swell.. But seriously if you press the wrong button, you're screwed. Also, I imagine that the bathroom was designed to torture their house cleaning staff as the tub is behind the shower with no separation. Therefore, even if you don't take a bath, the huge tub is getting your shower spray all over it. The beds were nice enough, comfortable.. but it was not the Four Seasons.Also, reservations for things were a headache... Everything was a headache. The spa was unaccommodating...  when they finally answered the phone, which had to be routed through the front desk. And one of the hostesses at Sage was a complete asshole about making our reservation 5 people instead of 4.. because they were SO BUSY that night. And yet when we got there, the place was not that busy at all. Honestly, I think about Vegas and I think about customer service. Maybe I am not gambling away hundreds of thousands of dollars here, but I'd still like to get my ass kissed a little bit if they expect me to return. Which I shan't.
2	a 5-star price for a 2-star hotelwhere shud i start?  shud i start with the long lines at check-in?  the un-informative front desk person?  the non-working tv-remote? the 300 watts bright touch pad?the room we got was soooo far from the elevator, it's a good 2-3 minute walk.  i guess that's ok when it's in the am after a good nite sleep but the walk will seem like an hr when you've already been walking for a long time.  when we got to the hotel on late sat (prez day wknd), we noticed:1.  there was already a long line at the front desk.  the person who checked us in wasn't very informative.  she didn't tell us what floor we're on or what the room # was.  she just gave us a key and sent us on our way. 2.  that there was no luggage rack to put our luggage so we had to put it on the floor.3.  no slippers.  i thought all hotels provide slippers in the room.  i had to call later that nite to have the slippers brought to our room4.  the tv remote doesn't work.  i told them at the same time when i called for the slippers and they said it could be the batteries and would bring them over.  however, when they brought the slippers, guess what, the person didn't even know about the batteries.  the person said she would follow up and that was the last time i heard from her.5.  the master off/on lite switch doesn't work.  it's the 1st time in my life i had to call the front desk to ask how to turn off the lites.  the lady said, "oh, you can use the tv remote".  yea, right...but the remote DOESN'T WORK!  she then said use the touch pad.  ok, at least the touch pad worked.  also, there's no clear instruction in the room to use the touch pad to control everything.  i just thought it was a clock. 6.  oh, the touch pad.  the backlite of the touch pad is way too bright.  i had to turn it face down to sleep.7.  i wrote a note to housekeeping to replace the batteries the next day (sun).  i don't know whether it was replaced or not but it still didn't work when we came back.  if they were replaced, it would only take 2 secs to check but obviously they didn't check.  that's attention to details a 5-star hotel should have.8.  the curtains have openings at top that let the sunlight in so it doesn't completely black out the room.  an easy fix for that is a valence at top. again, that's attention to details.9.  the buffet is NOT good at all.  not much variety and nothing stands out as really good.  the lobster was overcooked and the shrimp was soggy.this is the condensed version of my review.  :P
2	Definitely not the 5 star that I was expecting to experience.   The air/ventilation is just not what you would expect for a nice hotel, it was smokier then most other hotels.  The sheets were rough, the Hilton Las Vegas has softer sheets.   I won't be back to the Aria, there are just so many other hotels that offer better customer service and comfort.
4	The view from my hotel room was amazing. I love the fact that you can control everything in the room from a touch screen that they have near the bed. The touch screen though is slow to respond and can get annoying at times.The hotel is really clean as well. In the casino you don't get that smokey smell unless your shitting next to someone who is smoking.
3	I stayed at ARIA on a recent spontaneous one-night trip to Vegas.  As an LA resident, the one-night Vegas trips have started to become somewhat of a all night party/gamble/clubbing binge, and we usually decide to stay in the cheapest hotel possible.However, since we booked the hotel at 2:30 am the previous morning (figure it out), we decided to splurge a bit, and headed for ARIA.  Although this was for sure the nicest place I've stayed in Vegas, it doesn't compare to luxury hotels elsewhere.The location is great, and the new shuttle comes though, so it's easy to get to Monte Carlo & Bellagio. The front desk was pleasant, although the guy kept calling me Mrs. Decker, when there was no evidence of me being married.  Although I did stay with a male (who was subsequently called Mr. Decker, lol), we had a two queen room, and I don't wear any rings etc.  It was just a little awkward, and I tried not to lught.  The view from our 21st floor room was of the Vdara and Cosmopolitan pools.  For a "backside" of the hotel view, it was pretty decent.  The rooms were big, the beds were fluffy and EVERYTHING was automated by a little touch screen remote.  The beds, the music, TV, curtains etc.  I was pretty excited about that, although there was a bit of a delay in the touch screen, which made me accidentally turn everything on/off/on/off a few times due to the delay.The bathrooms were large, but the shower pressure was weak, the towels were stiff, and they provided 1-ply toilet paper.  I'm sorry, but if you're going to charge $200+ a night for a hotel, I don't think it's too much to ask for the good TP!We ate at the buffet ($37 on a Saturday), and I suppose it was decent.  There was a TON of seafood including crab legs and lobster.  I'm allergic to shellfish, so this didn't thrill me.  There was still a wide selection of other foods, but the focus was definitely on sea food.  They also provided unlimited house wine, which tasted cheap, but it was free, and I like cheap wine anyway.I didn't spend much time in this casino, as we hightailed it to Bellagio shortly after our dinner.I didn't use the spa services, but I purusedThere wasn't anything that made this hotel absolutely outstanding, and for the price I would say it was average.  If it was more moderately priced, I would have added a 4th star.
4	This place is eye candy!!
3	arias entrance is pretty nifty with a sweeping waterfall fountain surrounding the perimeter of the arrival circle.  when i walked to the cvs on the corner, there was a kind of whistling noise that i wasnt sure if it was the wind and buildings or something they amplified.  it was also a bit of a hike everywhere.  to the strip, to the taxi line.  even to the cosmopolitan, a neighboring hotel in citycenter, we were getting a bit lost.the rooms are smaller than wynns but also half the price.  we had a broken light in the room and made it very dark for most of the stay.  when we notified them, it took them a few hours to come and fix it.  by that time we were out of the room.  the tub, shower and toilet are all in the same room, making it somewhat difficult to share a bathroom.  the tub was inside the shower too.you can actually see daylight from within the casino which i thought was pretty neat.  haha.  the lobby smells of vanilla.  if you dont like the scent i can see that it can be annoying.  upon arrival, there were also quite a few people who were on scooters were werent disabled.  i am guessing you can rent them.
4	This is the second time I've stayed here with the first time being when they first opened.  I like the rooms a lot and that is why I stayed here again.  Control pad as main console that operates everything in your room from lighting, tv, radio, curtains, and privacy/service button.  The rooms are new, spacious, and offers good views of the city.  My only complaint about this place is that the tables are too expensive for me ($10 hands are what I play) and I lost every time I've played here.  Other than that I like its location since it's the middle of the strip and it's easy to get to many locations.  One last bonus was this time they offered $25/day resort credit which can be applied to food and spa activities at Aria and while $25 doesn't sound like a lot, it was nice to have a free breakfast or get a free cocktail
4	Aria has some good things going for it. As one of the newest additions to the Strip, it's always fun to walk around the new casino floors and to visit the shops. I'll admit that I'm a fan of the classy yet modern theme they went with; however I do wish they had better integrated all the buildings in the new 'City Center'. It's a little annoying that I can't walk easily from Aria to Cosmopolitan when both buildings were essentially built at the same time.The rooms were impressive. Anything that used electricity was linked together and could be controlled from a single remote. Setting your alarm to open the blinds and turn on ESPN was pretty neat.The rooms did have a couple downsides. The fully-integrated electronics could be a little annoying (ex: navigating the remote to choose a channel to watch was arduous). Also, the bathrooms didn't have any locks for privacy (but they were quite luxuriant).All in all, it was a good experience and I'd likely stay there again.
4	Stayed here for a long weekend with my boyfriend. We were pleased with the room (furniture, media, decoration etc.), the building amenities and overall offering. We spent most of our time in the hotel & the City Center complex and felt we could easily fill 2-3 days without getting bored there. Very happy they had free Wifi.The casino is high quality without the overwhelming glitz some of the other higher end places thrust on you.  We had some excellent dealers who had great rapport. Negatives: The beverage service at the tables was colossally slow/spotty. There weren't enough regular restaurants & stores (deli, coffee shop, convenience store). Everything was quite expensive - not that that isn't the standard in vegas, but its still shocking and a negative.
3	The hotel was beautiful, the club was an absolute "FAIL", restaurants were decent but nothing to write home about, and the Spa was incredible. So i am stuck in the middle on my review.The "resort fee" is a JOKE!  When you check in and they hand you the 2 free drink tickets, just turn them down,  those disguised as a $20/day fee you accept by accepting those coupons...which we didn't even use.  The pool was closed, so really the resort fee was just a massive way of stealing an extra $20/day.  The worst part  of that was we booked over $600 in Spa treatments the second day we were there, therefore the resort fee should have been waived for that day per their "spa description".  Apparently that isn't the case. It isn't about the money so to speak, it is about little "surprise charges" that they nickel and dime you with.Second, we were on the hotel's VIP list  for the night club there Pure.  We were told we would bypass the line, and have wonderful treatment.  After we waited for some snooty guy to finally allow us to bypass the line (after a good 20 minutes), we realized the club was not the "happening" place the hotel described it as.  I would recommend heading next door to The Cosmopolitan's Marquee or Heading over to Encore's XS. Aria night life is just not up to par.On to happier memories... the Spa is divine!  My husband and I enjoy couples massages several times a year, and this was by far, the BEST spa experience I have ever had.  Other than it being extremely overpriced, the service was impeccable. The co-ed heated pool outside was an added bonus since we rarely get to enjoy amenities together other than the actual massage.  The women's facilities could not have been improved upon.  The eucalyptus steam room was by far the most relaxing 10 minutes I have had to myself in months.  All in all, I would return JUST for the spa. 5 stars all the way!I would definitely stay at the Aria again, but would be a little more cautious about accepting free drink coupons.  I'd also like to return when the pool is actually open.  The adult pool looked very promising!
4	Beautiful casino, very modern, the decor very warm and inviting. We have been here several times and this morning we wanted to try the Buffet for breakfast. My husband had found that it opened at 7am and we are early risers, so off we went to be first in line. Well, we were not first, but close. We were asked if we wanted a table with a view, of course we said yes and were escorted to a table by the wall of windows overlooking the pool and spa area. It seemed this was going to be a good experience at this point things were looking very promising. That soon changed. As we made our way to the line, we passed in front of the deserts, not much on display but a few pastries, some coffee cakes, and some cookies. Next came salads, there were five choices, with the Asian beef salad being really good, very spicy, I found thick cuts of jalapenos. I liked it. I discovered three egg dishes, and a made to order omelet station. The egg and ham dish was runny, just didn't seem seasoned. The breakfast meats including bacon, link sausage and ham. I love bacon, but this wasn't crispy enough for me. There were the usual waffle and cheese blitz dishes. And then there were several meats sliced to order, like turkey, roast beef, and ham, but none of the sides you'd expect to go with them, like yams, green beans etc.... I did find bagels with a ton of fresh made cream cheese spreads, everything from salmon to sun dried tomatoes, a limited amount of fresh fruits, like cantaloupe and honeydew melon. But no fresh berries. Overall, I would say a disappointment, for the price we paid, I would expect more flavor, the hotel/casino is fantastic, but the Buffet is off my list.
4	Beautiful inside...nice rooms and some nice restaurants. Don't go to the buffet, pretty yucky.  Love the bartender/drinks at Lemongrass--ask for Shaw (sp?).
4	The hotel is very nice and clean, but there is not that much going on here... Also management is very disorganized! Took forever for my room to get ready, and then they gave us a room that was not ready. But at least I ended up getting my stay for 2 nights comped! So can't complain about that!
4	I so enjoyed staying here! The City Center has become it's own little world, and the Aria is a huge part of it. The ambiance in the casino is unusual, dark and mysterious but really enjoyable. It's difficult to get ahold of the cocktail waitresses sometimes while you are gambling, but my boyfriend and I had great luck in their casino so we were happy. The hotel rooms are great, clean, modern, well designed. The buffet is one of my favorites on the strip by far! Try the biscuits and gravy, totally evil. The pool area is great!! Plenty of room and areas for everyone. I would absolutely stay here again!
2	I stayed here last weekend and I had an okay experience. The room was fine; we got a room that was in a shape of a wedge.  Due to the shape of the room furniture was oddly placed.  We stayed at the hotel for two nights and three days.Getting into the room is kind of cool, window curtains open, television turns on and music plays. Having a wired remote is a great idea but, when it comes to using it, it is gimmicky. Slow response time when trying to watch the television. It was also difficult to get the lights in the room to dim or even turn off. On the first day we left our room at 11am and when we got back at 5 pm. Our room was not clean. I have stayed at other hotels were the rooms are cleaned, towels are changed, and the beds are made up for night.  It is sad since this place has a five star rating.  When walked down the hallway a lot of other rooms had service signs on. When we left for dinner and when we got back they were still on and when we got up the next day to go home they still were not made. On the day of check out, we could not get on to the check out screen, so we could check out through the room.  There was something wrong with their check out service. We finally did it by texting. Our friends tried to call the front desk to check out, after being placed on hold for 15 minutes they went down. The person at the front desk made it sound like it was an incident problem. Aria get your act together you are loosing people left and right.
4	I love Aria.I highly recommend staying at Aria, check in was a breeze but the only downside is the resort fee because they make it seem like you are getting the room at a certain rate but then they hit you with the resort fee.The rooms are very interesting and everything can be controlled with a single control remote. There is also a button on the wall next to the bed that says goodnight and pressing this will turn off every light and close the blinds.
4	Fancy. That's the first thing I thought as the taxi pulled up to ARIA in City Center. Super fancy, is what I thought as the bell hop showed us around the room and explained the remote controlled lights, curtains, etc. Add the fact that we got a lobster and all-you-can-drink wine at the buffet and the hotel was really beginning to blow my mind. Have I mentioned that this was my first visit to Las Vegas? That might have something to do with the general mind-blowing feeling I got - I mean, there really isn't any other place like Vegas, right? The casino is pretty nice, not too big and has the pleasant scent of vanilla wafting through it. The restaurants are fancy (and pricey) - we mostly ate at the 24 hour restaurant, which was pretty good. Free wi-fi in the rooms made me very happy. We didn't find the pool until our last day there, which is sad because they keep it open all year long (but with shorter hours in winter.)My only real complaint is with the Front Desk staff. While friendly, simple customer service skills seemed to escape them. It takes them too long to pick up the phone, courtesies such as "Your room number is...", "Have you enjoyed your stay?", etc. are apparently not in their repertoire. That being said, every other person I interacted with in ARIA was really great and I'm looking forward to another stay at ARIA.
4	High Tech Hotel.  TV and touch screen display at side of bed were pretty cool.  Modern feel to hotel and room so it was nice change from my country home.  Good location on the strip.   Lobby smells good.  As a non-smoker I enjoyed walking through the Casino.    Food is kind of pricey but that is the new Vegas.    Was not a huge fan of $20/day resort fee did not feel I really used that with my 3 hr of internet and did not set foot in pool or gym.  All in all a decent higher end strip hotel.
4	The ARIA is absolutely gorgeous! In a very chic, modern, black&white kind of way. It's attached to the City Center and has a tram that runs through Vdara/Crystals to the Bellagio. I came here on Memorial Day weekend, so it was super busy. Busy enough that they didn't have time to fulfill our requests (we needed a roll-away bed). The service and management was terrible that weekend, though I couldn't really hold it against them - they were the new kids on the block and they probably still weren't used to hosting so many people!! If I were to go back tomorrow, I'd expect a lot more from them. The rooms are really nice, with a nice comfy bed!...I think. I didn't spend very much time in it :) The bathrooms are pretty with a shower and tub behind glass doors. I spent quite a bit of time at the casino, it being my first time in Vegas since turning 21!! =) I didn't gamble though. I sat in to watch my friend play blackjack, and then poker. The casino staff are very friendly to spectators. The casino is nice and new and pretty. As is the pool area!Did I mention that the walk from the parking garage to the rooms is a complete MARATHON?! OOOHH MYYY so far!UPDATE: Went back again for Thanksgiving weekend a year later. Management is much improved :) Great job!
4	I have been to Vegas 4 other times prior to this. Syayed at Ceasers,Luxor,Golden Nugget & Stratosdump. Aria is by far the nicest so far. Pitboss and dealers were very nice. Beds and accomodations I would rate at a 5 star. The only thing I didnt rate high was the buffet it wasnt bad it just wasnt worth 50 dollars. Also the spa it is very very nice but a little expensive, but so is everything in Vegas. I would highly recommend this hotel on your next trip to Vegas.
1	Did not enjoy my stay at all.  We booked our stay looking forward to staying at new hotel on the strip.  We had read it was very high tech.  The rooms were ok, the room control was nice but not as advertised.  The view was beautiful and the curtain control was cool but not amazing.  The drawback was the customer service.  The controls are locked until the front desk unlocks them. They forgot to unlock our room so we could not access the controls or even watch television.  It was resolved with a quick phone call and ten minute wait.  The customer service was also terrible when checking in.  They do not have enough competent personnel working at the front and we waited 45 minutes outside with all our luggage.  To remedy this situation they offered to compensate us for breakfast.  When we checked out they attempted to charge us for that as well.  Only after argueing for 15 minutes was this resolved.  The last draw for me was when they did not clean our room and when we called they still did not clean it. I will not be staying there again and i suggest no one else stay there either.
4	A very beautiful hotel. All the amenities you could ask for. A great convention center. Clean and well decorated. Worth the money!
3	I was actually expecting this place to blow my mind. But in reality, it was just alright.Pros- Great views from the 54th floor- Asked front desk for a high floor and she gave me the highest floor. Better than any $20 dollar trick since it was free!- Room was modern- Bathtub and shower were separate but in the same area which is convenient if taking a bath.- Aria Pool is awesome- Friendly Staff- $139 a night special- $20 resort fee included 2 complimentary drinksCons- Our AC didn't work. It was 85 degrees and we only found out it didn't work when we got back to the hotel.- The room wasn't dark enough. The blinds didn't go all the way to the end and at the top light still leaked through. I always expect vegas rooms to be pitch black when sleeping so I can't tell the difference between 2am and 10am. - Calling front desk took forever.- I lost money at Aria gambling.Would I stay here? Probably not. My coworker just told me that Aria is not earthquake proof so that doesn't give me another reason not to go back.
4	The hotel itself is a remarkable creation. Has a lot of new modern designs and even the hotel rooms are very sleek!The beds are SUPER DUPER Comfy! With soft pillows and nice comfortors. The downside is the rooms are a bit smaller than most other resorts.The buffet is a bit lacking and so is the late night service down by the cafe. All in all, I would come back.
4	The Aria is my top choice when it comes to Las Vegas strip hotels. It is welcoming and modern with the funky architecture and eco friendly ultra lux feel. Its well worth checking out if your needing a quiet get away or wanting to put your self in the center of the action.
1	BEWARE OF EXTRA FEES! DON'T INITIAL THE REGISTRATION CARD. IT'S WHERE THEY NICKLE AND DIME YOU FOR RESORT FEES THEY NEVER TOLD YOU BUT ASKED YOU TO INITIAL HERE.Was just there last weekend to celebrate my birthday.It was chaos.  No one seems to know what they were doing. The front desk were just standing there talking to each other. The guests looked so confused. Oh, did you know they charge you resort fees on top of room fee?!I managed a front desk of a hotel and was AR for a big hotel chain.Customer service was by far as bad as a one star hotel. Wait. One star hotels are not rude . The AR department at the ARIA needs a lot of customer service training. It's goregous walking in but it goes downhill. The room had a weird smell. Set up was weird. PBX was just in a hurry to transfer your call and you can't even finish your sentence. They need to do an internal audit at this place, guarantee they will fail. Customer service was just horrible. If I managed that hotel, I would fire the  manager and the AR. RESORT FEES ARE EXTRA PER NIGHT! They don't tell you until you get a credit card charge. They didn't even give us an invoice when we checked out.
5	Exit elevator on floor 7. Walk down the hall, slide card key into card slot. Open door.... "Hello Mr. Kremer. Welcome to your room." "Hi Al. Would you please open the curtains and turn on the lights?""I've already taken care of that, Mr. Kremer." "Thank you Al. The room looks beautiful today.""Thank you Mr. Kremer. Your shoes are particularly shiny today. Can I get you anything?"2001: A Space Odyssey, much?  Lights gently rise to on; curtain smoothly slides open revealing a stunning view of city center and the strip. Beautiful amenities, sparkling bathroom, fluffy towels, comfortable and clean beds, clean carpeting, rows upon rows of down filled pillows on each bed, a crystal clear LCD flat screen. The room had lots of drawer and closet space. Bathroom was nicely tiled and very clean with extra towels and lots of little resort shampoos and conditioners, soap etc. In room wireless for free, a multitude of outlets and electronic connections. Certainly the nicest room in which I've stayed while in Las Vegas.Beware the mini bar and any prepackaged goodies - your room is automatically charged as soon as you remove the item from its place through use of weight sensing racks. Very tempting but extremely pricey peanuts and drinks. When I first entered the lobby, I was stunned; the casino was nowhere to be seen. This is a place for those that like to dine, shop and relax. Absolutely, there's a casino, it's just hidden behind a wall of artwork unlike every other casino in town. Soaring glass ceiling, plants, marble floors. Beautiful. Of course, once you check in, that's when you have to go through the casino to get to you room. Only guests with key cards are allowed to the elevator banks. Nice. This early weekend in March was unusually warm and the pool had just opened. One of my best friends from college and I headed down to the pool. Terrible soundtrack but gorgeous setting, palm trees, hundreds of chaise lounges, beautiful pool, plenty of sunshine. The pool is not hidden behind the casino like many other places on the strip. Somehow, the sun is blissfully everywhere. The best part? Why, of course,  the 32oz margaritas served at poolside with any tequila you fancy - Patron Silver in my case. Two of these bad boys each and we are plastered. Head over to the hot tubs for a little relaxation. It's time for a nap before hitting Carne Vino for dinner. How's the casino? Nice, very nice. Perfectly new, packed, exciting. My buddy won $400 at craps so profitable as well. Not being a big gambler, I spent just enough time at a blackjack table to have a couple free drinks. Nicely lit and not smoky at all. Room service for breakfast on the way out on Sunday morning was excellent. Eggs benedict, thick ham, perfect hollandaise sauce, nicely toasted English muffins and perfectly poached eggs. Fresh brewed and deliciously rich pot of coffee. Fresh squeezed orange juice. Expensive as room service always is but in this case, absolutely worth every penny. Quick service, friendly delivery, sparkling flatware.This place is definitely worth a return trip. I've stayed in three different casinos and walked through almost all of them at some point. This is clearly the winner. Extremely centrally located on the strip. Excellent deals and clean, clean, clean.
4	First off, they would get 5 stars but the bed was mushy and they wouldn't let us change rooms.But the amenities were excellent, the staff was welcoming and helpful and even upgraded us.
4	Very modern, Young feel, chic, and CLEAN!!! omg it feels ssooo good to be at a hotel thatis cleannn for once! everything was fantastic from check in till check out! When we walked into our room like everyone has stated the curtains open and the lights turns on with music playing in the back!! You can even set up your timer so when you wake up in the morning your alarm goes off and curtains open!!The shower/tub combo was a nice touch, overall fantastic great location for young crows ages 21-25ish!!
4	I was lucky to spend 10 days here for a business trip a couple of months ago. Its new, its beautiful, there are so many really good restaurants to choose from - what more could you want. Its very stylish without being uncomfortable, stunning designs throughout, great rooms and service. Remote control everything was the highlight of the room. We stayed on 52 floor and never had to wait for a elevator, they were super fast. Its really got everything and is away from the more tacky side of Vegas across the road. Room service was awesome. The pools were super cool. The views were gorgeous. This is my new favorite Vegas hotel that I've stayed at.
5	The BEST BED I've ever laid on! I can't stand their sink faucets as it splatters water everywhere but the BED alone will keep me coming back and 5 stars alone. I think it's a little above average compared to other similar hotels. Bring your own shampoo and conditioner as their freebies are pretty lame.
3	My family and I stayed at Aria because we had a great offer for staying there.  There are a lot of restaurant choices and a great buffet.  But there are other things that were not pleasant.     This resort definitely is not kid friendly because my kids were just looking at the buddha statue at the main gate and we had security came over to make sure my kids don't do anything to the statue.       The Control 4, room control unit, that controls all the lights, music, tv, curtains, and clock were very frustrated to use.  When we first used it is was fine until we click more than once on some functions.  From there on every function on the control was mal-funtioned.  The music, tv, light, and curtain just turned on and moved at will at 3 a.m. on our first night there.   It was very frustrating !!!!  From there on nothing else worked, all the way to our last night staying there.  We read about other people comments about the room control, we felt their frustration, too.       The room mini bar was also annoying because one little touch of the item  will automatic bill to your guest portfolio.  I had to call to have the charge taken off.    I prefer staying at Vdara than Aria because of the bad experiences that I had at Aria Casino.  If only they could fix the Control 4 room control unit.
4	I can't say much about the rooms or the service, but the hotel itself is amazing. My buddy's and me found ourselves coming back to Aria for gambling and spending time at various tables and slots. The architecture of this hotel is breathtaking. Thank god for the high ceilings and calming colors that help prevent headaches coming on from the noise of slots and smell of smoke everywhere.But walking around the hotel is a pleasant experience. They've organized the various tables/slots/restaurants/high roller areas in a very nice way in a sense where you can't get lost and it doesn't seem crowded. The cocktail waitresses seemed to be few and far between however. Whenever I ordered a drink it seemed to take a long time to return and when I wanted to order a drink, it seemed like I couldn't find a waitress to order one through.I'm looking forward to returning and being a hotel guest to see what the rooms and service is like.
2	Eh.The rack room is nothing special, although the gizmo remote control is nice.  The room is so small, if you have a room service table in the room, there is no room to walk (or even sit at the table).The breakfast is an absolute CRAP feast.  It makes college dorm food look good.  The Buffet was part of the room package, and it was less than zero.  Run, don't walk away from that.
5	No offense to anyone else, but how can you NOT give a 5 star rating to the Aria?This place is the epitome of style, service and substance.  You don't choose the Aria if you want a family environment.  You don't choose Aria if you want a secluded getaway.  You don't choose Aria if you're on a budget.You choose Aria because you want a fancy, modern, hip and exciting onslaught for all of your senses.  And Aria delivers.The City Center is frigging impressive people.  It's like being in downtown Tokyo/New York City in the middle of the LV Strip.  The buildings are SO modern and SO beautiful, you feel like you're somewhere special.  And it's NEW...which means clean and comfortable and awesome materials and textures.The casino is bustling with activity, and is very well laid out.  Finally a casino that doesn't try to make you lost and confused so you'll end up spending more money at the tables or slots because it's easier than hunting for an exit.  Oh and the piped-in vanilla scent...Let me tell you...after a night out in Vegas, with the smoke and sweat and booze all lingering in your nostrils...when you walk in that front door and inhale vanilla...there are no words to describe what a wonderful moment that is.The rooms...new, modern, beautiful, advanced, superb.  The touch screen control panel is brilliant (and fun to play with).  The electronics dock that allows to plug in your iPod, iPad, laptop, etc....brilliant.  The wi-fi throughout the building, finally!  Beautiful materials and textures everywhere.  Ample people space, closet space, bathroom space, etc.  The single most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, in my life.  I ALMOST didn't want to leave the bed to go to gamble/eat/party.Even the service was impressive.  Every cleaning lady I passed was friendly and...get this...spoke English!  The rooms were always left spotless.The concierge was ON POINT too.  I called ahead of my stay to set up some romantic gestures for the weekend.  Special orders, special times needed, etc.  The phone support was a pleasure to deal with, and extremely helpful.  And they nailed everything they promised me.Aria has got it's sh!t together.  Incredible building.  Incredible ambiance.  Incredible rooms.  Incredible service.  And depending on the deal you find, potentially very reasonable prices.  If you know what to expect, you will not be disappointed.
1	PUKE Aria!  I don't know how this horrid hotel is getting so many high reviews...when you first arrive you are a little impressed by the grand lobby, but you immediately want to pass out after you take a few breaths from the over-fuming of cheap FEBREEZE air-freshener that drowns the poor hotel.  Seriously Aria - COOL DOWN on the nasty air=freshener that you're poisoning your guests with.  What else:Customer Service:  POOR.  They talk to you as if you are their 12 year old Haze Nightclub:  run by a bunch of buffons....the bouncers/"men" who work there are RUDE, arrogant and need to simmer down on the nasty tats and steroids.Liquid Pool Party:  tools who work there are again RUDE and will get into fights with you if you give them one small opinion.I will never come back.  I will never suggest any friends to come here.  BOO Aria.
4	we extended our vegas trip a day and got a room at the Aria.GORGEOUS hotel!! the room we stayed in was hands down the best room i've ever been in on a vegas trip. the room was furnished beautifully and youre able to control everything from the lights to the curtains from the tv or control panel on the night stand. we ordered room service and the food they brought up was sooo delicious! except the potato hash that came with our breakfast...it had a weird spice added to it and that just didnt rock my world at 10am. at the entrance where Haze is located, they blast some strong scent in the air that's so overpowering you cant think straight. it was so strong it gave me a headache. idk why they do that. that's the only thing that bugs me. aside from that, i have no other complaints. the hotel is beautiful outside and in, and if you can afford to stay at least a night i highly recommend it..!
5	Alright, where do I start!?Aria is the BOMB! By far the nicest hotel on the strip....Wynn, Encore sorry but you don't got shit on Aria at city center.,,,,From the moment you open the doors to the Aria hotel you get smacked upside the head with the most beautiful vanilla fragrance, the design of this place is F****N beautiful, the layout of the entire resort and casino is perfect. The rooms are class!!!  Everything in the room is controlled from a tablet, meaning you want to open your blinds from bed, NO PROBLEM! the bathroom was the size of my apartment, having a bench in the shower is excellent especially if you plan on having some company  :)  and the beds.....WOW!!!!! the most comfortable bed i have ever slept on in my life. The service at Aria was fantastic, from room service to check out everything was just perfect and all the employees at this resort seem so happy . The buffet was perfect. my weekend was perfect. my drinks were perfect. the service was perfect, the girls were perfect. Aria you are F*****N PERFECT!!!!!!!!!!Peace & Love
1	Worst electric system. IPod hookups dont work and the speakers were blown. Butlers go through your shit and the lamps never turn off.
5	Prior to staying at this hotel, I saw it on The Bachelor. Eleven women stayed at The Aria while competing for Brad Womack's love. Based on what I saw, it looked very impressive. So when booking for our Vegas trip, I just had to check it out for myself!Our flight arrives a little after 8. We take an airport shuttle to our hotel and are skeptical that our room is ready. Bunny and I decide to check in anyway. Right off the bat, we notice that the staff is extremely friendly, greeting us with a smile and asking if we need assistance.The concierge informs us that there might not be any available rooms and it could take up to 2 hours to clean one. After doing some research, she does however find a smoking room. At first I am not too sure about it, but she mentions that an ozone machine that could be put inside the room if it gets too smoky. Rather than wait around, we decide to take it. She spends a lot of time going through the different facilities and restaurants within the Aria. We are given a map. During our stay, the fitness center, pool, internet access and two drinks are complimentary.While heading to the room, we notice that the elevators are split between different floors. Bunny and I look for the elevator designated to our floors. However we are unable to find the room number. I think to myself, "Wait a minute, am I missing something?" I start to wonder if maybe the numbers are transposed. After searching for quite some time, a housekeeper notices and asks if we need help, Then she tells us we are in the wrong tower! Eventually we find the room and are not disappointed with our king deluxe sky suite. It is amazing with a great view of the city. There is a tub and shower and a separate room for the toilet. Perhaps a fan may help in the area. Curtains can be closed with a switch. When turning on or off the lights, there are different categories, such as reading, lamp and goodnight. Almost everything can be done with a remote control on the T.V. In the closet, there are two bathrobes and slippers.There is plenty of security at the hotel. When heading up the elevators to get to your room, you had to show your room key. In order to use the fitness center or pool, the room key had to be presented as well. A bottle of water and a towel is presented to you as soon as you show your guest key at the front desk . There is a good variety of workout equipment and machines. The pools are clean and there are a lot of lifeguards on duty. The rooms are not only cleaned in the mornings. It would be to up mutiple times a day! Sometimes after leaving for a few short hours, I would notice fresh towels, new sheets and a fixed bed. We were very pleased with the service and liked that we were being taken care of.During our three days, we were treated like celebrities. We would be greeting with, "Good Morning," have our doors open for us, and be provided with great customer service. After staying here, it makes me eager to come back. I cannot imagine staying at another hotel Vegas after this great experience!
2	Style over substance.The Aria is nice... gorgeous building. Fantastic view. High tech amenities. Beautiful and classy rooms.So why the 2 star review? Well... it's a 4 star building with 3 star treatment, a 2 star buffet and a 1 star nightclub. The room was gorgeous - though I think that after the first night, they "cleaned" our room but hung our dirty towels on the towel bars and didn't give us replacements. So I'm sharing a room in Vegas with my buddy and we have to play "who's balls touched this" on the second night at an upscale hotel?! Can't tell you how rad it is to dry off after a shower with a damp dirty towel that may or may not have been used by your friend and his balls and butt. The snack cabinet charges your room even if you so much as touch something or open the door. The bed was retarded comfortable, but I think this place had bedbugs or something because I was eaten alive.Being a guest of the hotel gets you a healthy "go fuck yourself" attitude from the bouncers at Haze. Every time we tried to talk to someone who worked there to get some sort of service, we were met with anything but 4 or 5 star treatment. I'm easy to please, and I managed to have a good time here in spite of their best efforts to make me miserable. It was bizarre.Their poker room was lively, but the chips were disgusting. They were so filthy and broken I didn't want to touch them. How much could a new set of chips cost? This is pretty common though. The worst buffet I've been to in Vegas. This is a beautiful hotel and I would consider staying here again if I didn't have to pay for it. Their casino is a drag and I'm not impressed by the food. Their nightclub is reason enough to avoid this entire hotel.
4	Love this hotel.  Stay in the tower deluxe rooms.  Well worth the upgrades.  Close to the tram to get to other places.  Table games don't get any cheaper than $25 at night, so if looking for something cheaper you can go to Monte Carlo next door.  I would recommend Aria to anyone looking to stay in Vegas.
2	So it started with the crazy long check in process. The people in line before us were trying be up sold on a bed frame. I kid you not. So after we get through and go up on to the room and there were two dirty glasses by the door. So no big deal until 72 hrs later and they were still there. So being the true Bostonian that I am, I moved them to the middle of the hallway so they would trip over them and take them away. 8 hours later they were gone. I guess the main thing about Aria was there was not much going on in the hotel itself. I have stayed at Cesar's on previous trips and just the liveliness there is second to none. I know it seems kind of picky but they state themselves as a five star hotel and just did see it. One major gripe was when you go into most hotels there is a newsstand right near front of the hotel. I could not find one in Aria nor was I informed where such a store would be located. After complaining to a cab driver he told me that it was in the back of the Aria Men's store. Really.. So I found it and much better then walking the 20 mins to CVS for a water or anything else I mat have forgotten.
1	I visited this casino last weekend to see what all the fuss was all about. I didn't stay here so I wont be reviewing the rooms. So I walked in and gave the whole place a good walk over and I must say what a boring, bland casino. It felt like being back at work inside of a big corporate office. The whole place seemed so quiet, dead and  the casino floor was a more elderly crowd. All that I saw were really expensive, fancy restaurants. So I guess if you dont want to party in Vegas but want to spend a fortune on food this would be a good place but if you want a more sexy, lively casino I highly recommend the Rio, Mirage or Caesars.
4	Stayed there in 2010 soon after it opened.  The standard rooms are very nice (5 star) - I've seen better only in Wynn/Encore.  Clean and modern, with very large shower.  Pool was just OK (3 star) since there wasn't any large lap-pool area.  There's a jacuzzi right next to the buffet windows!  Depending on who's there, it may be a plus or minus.  LOL.  The buffet was nice but depending on the deal you get, may not be as good as other top buffets.  Nothing stood out, but nothing bad either.The casino is comfortable enough for gamblers.  Nice decor.  But the layout right around the casino is not so good.  It takes a long time to walk to the strip.  And it was a complicated maze going through all these different buildings.  The free tram they have is so far to the back, there's almost no point.  Typical idea of the casinos to trap you in so they can keep all your spendings.
3	The room was beauitiful.  The wired touchscreen "remote" was a pain in the ___ to deal with.  We had a nice view of the Cosmo's pool.  I didin't take part in the check in/out process so I can't comment on that.  The pool was pretty cool - I like that you could sit in a shady area if you wanted to.  Despite the people smoking there, it wasn't an overwhelming cig smell in the casino.  The staff seemed helpful and ready to point you in the right direction.  All of the restaurants and bars inside this place are a TOTAL RIPOFF though.  I realize "this is Vegas", but COME ON.  I don't mind spending good money on a great meal, but I was floored how much some of the places charged for BASIC food.  The buffet, which trumpeted "complimentary champagne/bloody marys" - yeah - only if you PAID for it.
4	Great hotel, nice decor and design.  Room was state of the art and the view was breathtaking from 29 floors up.  The layout and parking was great as well.  Next door is the city center with quite a bit of things to do.  It is definitely the city-center.
5	I'm doing this review solely based on the room I was given.OMG a GORGEOUS HOTEL with a FABULOUS VIEW of the Las Vegas strip! Its even more beautiful at night with all the lights lit up.I am absolutely a huge fan of this establishment, My friends and I booked rooms a week in advance and everything went smoothly at check-in.The entire building ( to my knowledge ) was very clean, sleek and modern.Our room was very spacious, clean and very high tech, huge bathroom with a bathtub and a stand-in shower, enormous flat screen TV with free wifi.I am by far absolutely pleased with The Aria! A really romantic getaway if traveling with your significant other.
4	Last week I had the joy of staying at this wonderful property at the CityCentre.  My room had a fantastic view.  The staff was friendly and helpful.  Because I was on assignment I had to be in Vegas for five days.  Honestly, coming back to this hotel was the highlight to an absolute "assignment from hell."  Whenever I didn't have time to go out to eat I could count on in-room dining to provide great food -- unlike the bland tapas restaurant, of course.Thought about getting a massage but read the yelp reviews of the spa.  Why do hotels think they should charge $150 for 50 minutes of massage?  They're so stupid.Don't park in the normal valet, though.  You park on one side yet have to walk all the way to the other side to pick up your car.  Rather, park at North Valet!  Way way way better.One of the things I love about this place is that it's decorated tastefully instead of how the Cosmopolitan looks like Beverly Hills puked all over the place.It's not a party hotel in the way the Cosmopolitan wants to usurp The Palms as the "place to party" and be stupid.I don't know how much this place costs as my clients took care of everything.Definitely coming back here.
4	I came just for the pool!! and I LOVED IT!!!! Not a bunch of kids running around... gorgeous day! the food was ehhh..but the HUGE poolside drink i had for $20 was worth every single penny!!! We will be coming back!!!
3	Just stayed here for a two night, three day stay for the fourth of July. Not extremely pleased with this hotel. Nice looking, but way too modern for me. It was very high tech, so much that I could barely turn off the lights. The pool was extremely crowded, and I didn't like the layout. Also, the floor was so slippery! I totally ate it while walking. Didn't go clubbing, but walked past it and it did not seem poppin. Also, I heard through other yelpers that the club is overpriced and crowded.Though there were flaws, maid service and beds were quite amazing :) My family and friends split up into three hotels (Aria, Paris, and Palazzo) and I have to say that Palazzo was by far the best :)
5	I'm writing this review as a walk in. I didn't stay here nor did I gamble and I did not even eat here. So why write a review? Just based on ambience and decor and looks this place took me to another land. I've never been to asia but this what I imagine an asian resort and casino would be like. The beauty and layout was awesome. The casino was very modern and the shops were very expensive.Louis Vuitton, shoes that costs 900.00. they took one look at me and thought "lookie loo" I was wearing my Kohls 70% markdown polo shirt..But the place is beautiful and I would love to stay here. When I do I will write another boring review
4	My wife and I just completed a 3-night stay at Aria, and were very pleased. The hotel and casino are modern and stylish, less "uppity" than Las Vegas properties such as Bellagio or Venetian.Aside from slow service at View Bar on Saturday night, all service was good - Front desk check-in/out, housekeeping, valet, casino staff, etc. We ate at Sky Box, Lemongrass, American Fish, Jean Philippe and Cafe Vettro and had good experiences with food and service.Haze nightclub was great. Lots of people, good music, good drinks (although expensive) and an awesome light show!The poker room at Aria is also very good - Staff and service. Very friendly atmosphere.The technology in the room worked well and was really nice to have. We appreciated being able to open/close the curtains and adjust all of the room lighting from the bed.We toured the property completely, and WiFi worked well throughout.Nice pool area with a good crowd for early April.I completely recommend Aria Resort and Casino, and we'll stay there the next time we are in Las Vegas.
5	Book it. You won't be left disappointed. The vanilla amber-wood aroma filled lobby and the waterfall set the stage for a great stay. Good service at all times of day. Good shopping and fun people watching. This whole end of the strip just rox. Cafe Vettro, Jean Philippe Patisserie, Union Steakhouse and American Fish, Julian Serrano Tapas....all super for different reasons. Yeah , there was the $8 latte and a $40 bottle of basic table wine- but that's just Vegas. From here, The Marquee is high heel friendly! AKA walking distance for the most part depending on how long you danced before you call it a night. If the sun is out- Liquid can be a lot of fun. This pool party is not as wild as "Rehab" which is actually a relief. You know what I mean. Watch out for expensive Black Jack tables. Take your iTunes, there is a jack in the room. But don't even thing about touching the mini fridge- every item is on a sensor for automatic charge to the room. For whatever little time you spend in your room in Vegas, ARIA can at least make it great . The beds here are like clouds. If you manage to sleep that is.
5	I stayed here for a conference recently, and a I really enjoyed it. The rooms are fantastic. The curtains are remote operated, the tub and shower are huge, and the bed is fantastic. The service was very impressive, I had a problem getting my tv to turn on and after I called they had it fixed while I was at a meeting so that I could watch tv that night. The casino is very nice, and the restaurants, though a little pricey, are quite good. It's a very modern and stylish hotel, with a very high-end shopping center next door.
2	This is an ok hotel. I like the Wynn properties much better. Be forewarned! Despite being a newer hotel the walls of the rooms are paper thin. If you want to actually sleep uninterrupted at night stay somewhere else. If you're here on business this is really a problem. Only my tv turned up to full volume blocks out loud music and talking from the room next door.Also, the room ventilation system is very ineffective. I had a room on the 24th floor which was non smoking but just above the smoking 23rd floor. My bathroom smelled like 10 people were chain smoking right inside. I changed rooms because it was so disgusting. Make sure you question where all the smoking floors are relative to your room.
3	Very nice casino but the hotel is overpriced.
5	Stayed for one night last summer and i have to say that the room was very cool. Of course the place hadn't been open for very long. I loved it and I highly recommend it!
5	To me this place is perfection, when you walk in the door it has its own unique smell and great new school rich feeling. The perfect dimness with gold and metallic highlights. A great selection of restauarants and really to me the best part is the sportsbook.So, every sportsbook in Vegas has big screens but, this one you have to look deeper and understand these sceens arent projection are are true HD displays. 20 Ft Screens?? I dunno but big and comfortable seating. I can spend my perfect Sunday easily watching baseball here all day.
5	The staff here exhibit a very real hospitality, taking extra moments to express appreciation that we chose this hotel,  attention to  detail -- from the bartender who introduces new tastes with expertise and enthusiasm for his art, to the guy from engineering who expertly sorted our in-room technology when one device didn't function as expected (turns out we had it wrong).  Even the Housekeeping staff were cheerful.  Architecture in this newer district of Vegas is outstanding, Aria and Cosmopolitan especially.   In-room technology is on the cutting edge, room service is exceptional.    Altogether, they make Aria a standout!
2	I was really excited about staying in the new city center.  I've been to Vegas several times and normally opt to stay off the strip due to fact that most of the reasonably priced hotels on the strip are extremely old so when I found a under $200 rate at a new modern hotel I was geeked!!! Unfortunately that ended fairly soon. ROOM: Great looking, very modern & spacious, yet there is no real direction as to how everything works. Took me 15-20 minutes to get things working properly and even then I had several lights that I could not get to turn on. also the only outlets are at the front of the room by the tv. No night stand outlets so if you are like me and like having you phone close to you at all times, charge it during the day else be forced to get up out of bed in the middle of the night to answer it.FRONT DESK: Very friendly yet sometimes inefficient.  Had to call several times about getting my lights fixed. Internet wouldn't work properly and they kept transferring me to the wrong people to fix it. Called for an extension cord so that I could work comfortably in my bed b/c the outlet is soooooo far away and she talked to me as if it was the silliest thing they've ever heard.  Let how odd is it that I would want an outlet near me so I could work from my bed or answer my phone!CONCIERGE: They just seemed confused. The last time I visited Vegas I used the monorail to get around the strip. Being that the city center is so new and I asked about trains, buses, monorails to get back and forth.  Th e1st concierge told me about the free shuttle to get to Bellagio. The 2nd told me about the RTC bus. The 3rd told me to walk to MGM grand and get the monorail. None of them actually got me to where I was trying to go.  I just ended up taking a taxi because they confused me even more.ELEMENTS: This is their 24 hour one stop shop although looking from the outside you would never know this.  When walking by it looks like a clothing shop advertising the Elvis show but they have everything. I loved it until I went to pay and couldn't find a register that was open.  When I finally saw an employee standing by a register I sat my items on the counter and she pointed at a closed sign that was closer to another register. Didn't even speak or try to get me some help.  I was flabbergasted! PROS: Great vibe. Not at all casino-y lol Has a upscale feel. Nice location. Great food although lacks a cost variety. Cheapest cup of coffee in this place was $8 CONS: Room has hair everywhere. I have no clue where it came from because my housekeeper was bald. My towels were noticeably dirty and one reeked of smoked.I like the feel of the City Center but I won't stay here again.  May try Planet Hollywood or the Cosmopolitan next time.
5	ARIA was an outstanding hotel/casino. The hotel rooms are modern and totally wired (you can even set an alarm from the room control panel to have the lights slowly come up and the window wall curtains open)...how awesome is that??!! The service was outstanding and the slots were friendly (to me! My buddy wasn't as lucky). Drinks flow easily and you can always find a slip machine to collect those winnings. I cannot wait to return to ARIA!
1	Stay Somewhere Else -service is horrid -Aria has no soul!!I am an avid Vegas goer. 8-12 times/year sometimes more for the last 10+ years. I have stayed all over the Strip from dives like Imperial to luxury like the Wynn. By far Aria was the worst experience ever. I tried it twice just to make sure it wasn't just one bad experience, the second was worse than the first.-Check in process was a disaster, long line and unfriendly staff. -Maid service was poor, several nights they didn't even service our room, we had to call for towels and wait 2+ hrs, we had to call for a blow dryer --what woman in Vegas doesn't need a blow dryer. -Service: HORRIBLE, from the front desk to the jerk off bartenders at the pool to the Clubs, one person was more stuck up and rude than the next-Rooms: very small, need more mirrors, need bigger beds, the only positive thing I can think to say is the beds were very comfortable -perfect for one person, a couple? forget about it -your husband can sleep on the floor-Restaurants: over priced and NOT good food or service, long waits and NOT worth the waitGO STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE, ANYWHERE ELSE ---don't even bother coming here. It feels like a big tin can, a
5	It's a beautiful place.  Get their Crystal Suite, you won't be disappoint.  Beautiful room and view.
2	As others have said, this hotel favors form over function.  The property was beautiful but the rooms were fairly average.  I travel regionally for work and often find myself staying at mid priced hotels in remote areas, such as Holiday/Comfort Inns.  The room at the Aria was worse than almost all of the hotels I've stayed at that were far cheaper.  The personell were OK, most were polite but there were no real services.  For the right price I would have stayed here again but for two major flaws with the room.  No coffee maker in the room and no power outlets near the bed.  I was constantly switching phones, computer and cameras in the outlets to keep them charged.  I brought my laptop to watch my local ondemand and a couple of DVDs in bed so that I wouldn't be stuck with hotel cable.  Unfortunatly my cord would not reach the bed, which meant I had a dead laptop after a few hours, and as I stated, most of the time there were other things plugged in to the outlets.  Also, without a coffee maker I had to go to the casino/lobby pre shower to get a cup of coffee which incidently cost $4.27.  Lastly they don't allow you to choose which type of room until you check in.  We checked in after midnight and being a smoker, I wanted a smoking room.  This resulted in a switch from a King to a room with two very small queens, so I had a choice, smoke or sleep with my wife.  I won't tell you which I chose.  One last compaint was the touch panel next to the bed. The time and date were way off and I couldn't figure out how to fix it, therefore everytime I tried to set an alarm I had to do math and I couldn't use the alarm in my phone because it was usually plugged into the outlet across the room.  I called the front desk twice to see if they could fix the time, but neither time did they pick up.  On the positive side, the casino is nice, the food was decent but way overpriced for what you got.  The buffet had a great breakfast which was reasonably priced, but the dinner was $30.00/pp and was average or just above. The pool area was great, plenty of shade, the waitresses were polite and efficient, but again, if you get a drink at the pool its going to cost you at least $8.00 and most likely $12.00.  My wife and I spent almost $60.00 on drinks at the pool in about 3-4 hours.  Other than the lack of a King/Smoking room, check in was good and the desk clerk was very polite.  The concierge was very helpful on a few occasions, except they need to learn the taxi prices, was told a taxi to someplace would be about $12, it was $25, this happened twice.  The 24 hour cafe was good, but if you order the nachos, beware, there is no salsa, which made them very dry.  Summary, everything was very pretty, but fairly useless.  I will not stay at the Aria again.
2	Pros:  Location.  I stayed in the Sky Suites- the two bedroom suite was awesome.Cons:  Bar service stinks.  The valet crashed my truck, damaging my mirror.  Two months later their solution is that I take time from work to get two written estimates, notarize a release, and then they will compensate me the exact cost of the repair.  Not once did management apologize or do anything to try to make this right.I'll stay away in the future.
5	Hotel Aria is one of the best hotels in Vegas! Of course, it is one of the new hotels.- The two bedroom suite was very spacious for my party  for 7 ppl to walk around and chill.- The bathroom was spacious and so beautiful... not to mention the bathtub.. ooowee.- The beds had fitted sheets (one of my pet peeves) and were very comfortable. I slept like a baby.- Service was awesome! - Club haze was just around the corner!I had a great experience here!
4	Aria is the beautiful casino hotel for the CityCenter Property. I've stayed here and at the Vdara and both places are beautiful. The Vdara is more my pace and scene, but the Aria is more like the mainstream Vegas experience. You have the yummy Jean-Phillipe Patisserie, Lemongrass for some amazing Thai food and Haze to get your groove on. All in all a nice experience.
1	Checked in and the room was beautiful!  Tested out the controller thingy mah jig... pretty nifty.  Got settled in and finally laid on the bed to take a nap.  Noticed some stains on the white pillow case but shrugged it off... no big deal.  Pulled the throw blanket up from the foot of the bed and... Well HELLOOOO big white stain that looks like the crust of another human's DNA.  Sick!!  I was sooooo disgusted and was not going to tolerate it.  Called downstairs to report it and they offered to come up and replace the blanket.  Ughhh... NO... we're going to need another room.  If that thing isn't clean, who knows what else isn't.  They moved us to another room.  Cool, right?Got to the other room and noticed that the carpet had not been vaccuumed.  Crumbs and crusts all over... looked like toddlers had been in there eating crackers unsupervised.  I told myself over and over that I'm just being picky and that it will be okay... its only one night.  Noticed blonde hair all over the bed and I knew it wasn't mine or my Husband's... we have black hair.  Pretty disgusting.  I shed my hair too, but that hair was not MY hair so it was not okay.  Rolled the sham over and HELLO, thick wet stain that looks like sweet and sour sauce with small little white chunks inside.  WTF?  OH HELL NO!!!Called downstairs and INSISTED that a manager come see the mess.  She came up and was kind of rude when she got there... asking if there was a problem.  Uhmmm... YES.  I showed her the mess and the stain and she had no words.  I mean... what can she possibly say, right?  She offered to change our room AGAIN.  By this time, it was late and we only had an hour to rest up before dinner.  I told her that we will take a different room, but we really need to get settled in and going because we had plans.  She found us a room and said that the room is clean, but she is going to have her top housekeeping lady go through it to make sure its up to par.  At this time, it was about 4:30pm.  She told us that it would take about 15 minutes and they will bring us the key to the other room and we can move our stuff there.  Waited around and yes, the key came in 15 minutes.  Great.  By that time, I moved my stuff over to that room assuming that the room was ready.  Went over there and the lady said that she needs about 5 more minutes because she is fixing up the bed and she will come get us once its ready.  FINE.  Went back to the dirty room and made sure not to touch the disgusting yucks around the room and sat on the chair looking out the window... just waiting.  5:45pm... an hour later and I went to check again to see what's the hold up... we have to get going.  A different manager stopped me at the door and said that the room didn't look good enough to her so they are doing it over again.  WTF?  Are all of your rooms filthy or something?  She asked for us to give her 5 more minutes.  Ugh... fine... but we really gotta go and haven't even settled in yet.  This is ridiculous.  6:30pm rolled around and I wanted to see when they'd finally be done.  Two hours later, they are done.  REALLY?  Two hours?  What a waste of our time!  Sure, the room finally looked great but typically in a 5 star hotel, you shouldn't have to go through all of that trouble.  Ugh!!WORST customer service I've ever experienced in such a pricey hotel.  Yes, the hotel is gorgeous and the room is nice (if you don't see and think about the nasty dirtyness of it all).I would NEVER want to stay here again because:-Its dirty... grimey.  Housekeeping?  What housekeeping?-Customer service sucks and will give you the run around before they get anything right.-Although its on the strip, its a far walk from the actual hotel through the shopping center and casino to actually get back on the strip.-Again, NASTY.But hey... at least you get two complimentary drink vouchers (which we didn't even get to use because all of our time was spent running around trying to find a decently clean room).
5	I love this place. It smells nice. It is upscale and classy. Everything is brand new. I won money at paigow. I won money at video poker. Dealers were friendly. I will definately return. I do wish this place was easier to get to. I need to check out the club Haze.
4	Love this place! It is upscale and classy. Everything is brand new. I won money at BJ and craps. Dealers were friendly. I will definately return.
1	I go to Vegas every week for work and play, I have never been so dissapointed and disrespected  in my life. This place is not a place for vacation nor business. The hotel is very cold and does not have the usual Vegas charm although they have tried to make it very Art Deco, sort of. If you want to try the spa or gym you don't get the usual package deal the other hotels are giving you, which is so funny "you can workout but you can't shower". The buffet is a joke.  The food selection is very limited and the quality of food is really bad. Oh, watch out for the Night and Day club, I spend a lot of money and got a table in both and was harrassed both times really bad for having fun and kissing my girl friend IN MY OWN TABLE. Overall,  you better off with hotels like Wynn or .... City center. It is owned and operated by bunch of nuerotic people who don't know the first thing about customer service or the American way. One of the employees of the hotel made the comment about the owners being from somewhere in middle east got broke,  that's why they run ship the way the do. Basically, they don't know any better ..... Please don't get fooled by the pictures and how good it looks, in the end it's all about right attitude which they don't have ..... I definitely question the other good reviews about this hotel.  I am willing to meet anybody in person in the Hotel and show them what a bad experience you will have if you stay in this hotel. By the way if you stay there,  please be careful using the hotel phone, in order to dial out you need to dial 91 and guess what for some reason you get linked to 911 and the next thing you know there were 5 security guy in your room ?????
3	Room is small considering vegas standard, very high-tech since everything can be controlled by this master panel thingy, but hell i have those in my hotel apartment too, so i wasn't too impressed with it. They gave me a room that is facing rear of the hotel, with all the hotel venting, so am disappointed!
5	Walking into my room, on the 27th floor, and being greeted by a cyber-message welcoming me, and opening the full length drapes, sheers and window coverings, while simultaneously turning on every accent and mood light in the suite was a true delight.The room was meticulously appointed, and the bath was pure spa-like luxury.One of the more fun and interesting places to stay while visiting Vegas.  I also recommend the hotel restaurants - Julian Serrano was very good, unique and interesting food, with an interesting Romanian waiter - truly made the night more fun.The Buffet was excellent, for $20 per person in an all you can eat spread that included everything from a to z, it was an exceptional value.Cafe Vettro was fun as well, but breakfast can get quite pricy there.  With prices as reduced as they are in Vegas -- you can stay in a suite at the ARIA for $140 per night, which probably would have run closer to $400 to $500 per night, just a few years ago.If you're going to go to Las Vegas -- be sure to stay at ARIA.  And believe it or not, the hotel garage is FREE, the valet work for tips only -- and they truly do hustle!
4	The bed was very soft and comfortable.  The bathroom has 2 sinks, which was nice. And I liked the fancy controls for the lights and tv. The pool was relaxing and enjoyable too.My only complaint was that the low ceilings and the dark interior in the hallways made me feel a little claustrophobic.Overall, this is an excellent hotel.
3	This place is modern and trendy and for the most part all the employees are good looking but I wasn't impressed.  Eventually modern becomes dated.  So what else do they have to offer???
5	Love, love, love Aria. Awesome hotel and casino. You actually can see sunlight from within the casino and it has high ceilings. It makes even the "luxury" properties - yes, I'm talking about Wynn, seem outdated and tacky. We never stay anywhere else.
4	Did not stay here, but I would have loved too. Loved the vibe, look, and feel to this place. The pub restaurant smelled so good walking in. The check in area was nice and huge. The casino was a good size. They have good ice cream at Jean Phillipe's. This is on my list to stay!
2	One of my Uncles got a free hotel room here and gave it to me since he had to go back to CA and wouldn't be able to use the room. I was pretty excited since it's such a new hotel and I haven't stayed in it yet.Needless to say, I didn't end up staying the night here because I wasn't in the mood to drive to the strip that night. However, I did drive over to the hotel at 7am, so i had until 12pm to checkout. I had my boyfriend meet me there, so we could have breakfast before he went to work at 8am, but that didn't end up happening because we passed out on the comfy bed. It must've been very comfortable because we ended up sleeping through our phone alarms and waking up at 8:15am (15 minutes after he was suppose to be at work). He actually woke up right before me and said, "okay, I gotta get ready" and I said, "well you better hurry, it's 8:15." Then he literally jumped out of the bed like a kangaroo on crack and was ready within 30 seconds. After he ran out of the room, I went back to sleep for about an hour on the marshmallow-like bed. I really like that the curtain covers up the entire window because it keeps the room cool and it almost looks like nighttime when the whole thing is blocked off. When I woke up around 9:30, I decided to relax and take a bath in the awesome tub. I was in the tub for about 5 minutes and I was completely under the water when I heard a knock at the door. Since my whole head was underwater, I wasn't sure if it was actually at my door, so I sat up and listened. That's when I heard another knock at the door, but this time the door was unlocked and OPENED at the same time as the knock! WTF! I didn't want to jump out of the bathtub and run over to the door all naked, so I just kind of hid myself behind the wall of the bathtub and yelled, I'M IN HERE!" and the lady was like, "Oh, I'm sorry, I'll come back later" and she closed the door behind her.  I understand that I didn't have the "do not disturb" sign up, but still, that doesn't mean I should be busted in on more than TWO HOURS before checkout time.I was pretty pissed after the incident, so I just got all of my stuff together and headed out after trying to checkout through the tv, which was not working at the time. To sum it all up, I've definitely experienced better, which is why I'm giving Aria 2 stars. The only things I really liked about this place were the bed and the beautiful view from the hotel room. Other than that, the ambiance and decor of the place is pretty "blah," the towels are like worn out sandpaper, the tv checkout service wasn't even working, and I was almost violated by a housekeeper.
4	I think this place took notes of the complaint of the smoke smell here, cuz as soon as i walked in here, i felt like the place was doused in perfume. I had a headache, and this place made me super nauseous with their overpowering vanilla scent trying to hide the smoke. Other than that, the place is beautiful- and has one of my favorite stops in vegas- Jean Phillipe Patisserie. Dude stayed here before for a bachelor party and our friends stayed here also. Thumbs up on their stay. Very modern rooms. And more important note again, there is a Jean Phillipes.
2	I got this room for free so there was no expectations for me if anything it started off great with aria since i got it for free so i was thinking this place has to something wrong in order for me to not give it a great review right?i read up on all the reviews here before i left for aria and i had my doubts from the average reviews it got, but went ahead and stayted her anywayz.  First impression on the room (regular room no suite) was dam its small for a regular room other hotels offer larger space for there regular rooms for the same price.  Also, the automatic blinds didnt work we had to have somebody come up and take a look at it and that took over an hr.  Room was HOT we turned it down to 65 still was warm u have to turn it down to like 61 there is no medium point.  Bed was soft i give them that.For the pool it was nothing special u have to pay and arm and a leg to go into Liquid lounge to have fun, but liquid is small.  Nothing special and the vibe outside in the regular pool was for like OLD grandma and grandpas.  Some music would of been nice.  Waitresses were average looking nothing special.  Nothing about the pool had a WOW factor.The floor lighting is dark both durin day and night on the floor.  No special bar that had a WOW factor to it on the floor.  Dealers and pit bosses were not fun.  Not enough baccarat tables.  Only hot waitress i saw was blonde russian lady WOW that was the only WOW factor i had at aria.  Club Haze was ok again no WOW factor to the club it was too big for the amount of ppl were there wasnt too packed.  Girl talent was average.  The pics i saw on the website after i came back i said to myself "where were these girls cause their hot and i didnt see them there!" ahaha.  We went on a sat night so maybe wrong night?lemon grass thai there was good!  bartenders were cool!  Hope that helps bye bye aria see u prbly never.  sorry.  next.
4	We went for an extended weekend and had a great time!  The staff was awesome (very helpful).  Easy access to the tram which made it nice getting around.
4	The Aria is one of the newest properties on the Strip opened in 2009. It is centrally located and neighbors the Crystals complex and the Monte Carlo. There is also an inter-casino tram that you can take from the Bellagio and Vdara to get here.It is a bit like the Cosmopolitan in that it is very modern and cityesque. Though it is not as edgy. It seems to be in competition with the big casinos, though there is a youthness about this hotel/casino.The casino floor is large, though not as crowded as a place like MGM. They have a great mix of innovative restaurants here. They are upscale, but they don't seem stodgy. I think it is good when a casino can attract visitors who are staying elsewhere.The Aria is worth visiting just to see how it compares to the veteran casinos on the Strip.
4	Almost everything is automated: lights, curtains, privacy signs! Warning: read the sign before you take anything out of the mini fridge. I experienced a very enjoyable stay at Aria. Nice comfy beds, cool shower stall with a side tub, frosted restroom stalls, view of the neighboring hotels, decent pool area, convenient convenient store on the P level, quick check out. I can't really complain about anything except that the dance floor in Haze is too small and it's way too stuffy and smoky in there! Oh  and don't order a water bottle at Haze, they charge you $8 for 10oz bottle! Grrrrr!
5	O Aria, O Aria, where art thou Aria?  How romantic and fun do the commercials for Aria make it out to be?  As a joke, my Bun kept on saying we wouldn't live up to looking like the models on the commercial the whole plane trip there.  I laughed.  Who cares if we don't! (Well, she has a cute thing going at least.)     First thing you'll notice is the amazingly artistic architecture everywhere you turn.  It's photo op paradise in the whole resort.  I guess nowadays, all casinos are "casinos and resorts" to capture a wider audience, particularly for those who don't drink and gamble.  This place is beautiful.  The second thing I noticed was this special scent that was all over the inside of Aria.  I'm not sure exactly what, but vanilla and a hint of cinnamon come to mind.  The smell is very unique, and adds to the aura.Our flight arrived earlier than normal, and so Bun and I attempted to check in.  Normally check in time is at 1, but not only did we get our rooms.  We got a free upgrade of the City Center View and a larger room.  To think we almost didn't take it because it was a smoking allowed room.  The lady working the counter was extremely nice and very helpful in getting us ready to go.  She even offered an ozone machine that would suck everything out of the room if need be, but she was certain it was fine.  The layout of Aria is really elaborate.  A normal person can get lost their first time around.  For Bun and I, it took two to three trips around the place find where we were supposed to be.  The eyes in the sky probably saw these two knuckleheads rolling their luggage around the casino like headless chickens looking for their room.  After walking to the wrong side, and asking the security guy who checks key cards where our room was; we finally got the correct side of rooms labeled under a sign called "Aria Sky Suites".  I felt like a politician having the doors opened for me and greeted with "how are you doing sir?" by what seemed like everyone that worked there.  Upon arrival to the front door, a glowy button catches my eye.  Holy Sh$t!  It's a door bell.  I've never seen that before.  I put the key card over the sensor and entered the room.  Yup, over the sensor, you don't have to feed it into something.  As I slowly opened the door, Bun and I entered to classical music softly playing in the background as the curtains automatically slid open to reveal a view.  Inside is furnished with some really cool stuff besides the remote for the curtains which I privileged myself with playing with for five exciting minutes.  A touch screen clock next to the bedside operates everything in the room from the temperature, television, and also those darn fun curtains.  Need some room service?  They even have a phone installed right next to the toilet.  A feature I thought would be comical, but apparently not to people I've told.  Inside the bathroom was a very spacious shower and tub combo on the other side.  The cleaning service came three or four times a day.  While some may find an inconvenience, but I thought it was great considering they kept stockpiling my bedside chocolate mints.   After taking advantage of the fitness center, located behind the spa, Bun and I hopped over to the pool area.  The pools outside are also something not to miss.  Laying down the towers of Vdara can be seen and one feeling being teleported to a whole different land.  We spent what felt like minutes which were actually hours there.  With free towel service, I recommend bringing your own suntan lotion or whatever other equipment you need for swimming.  The bottle of suntan lotion I bought at the little stand at the entrance came out to a whopping $20.  All in all, Bun and I had an amazing time.  Even to this day, she still mentions to me that she wants to go back for R & R.   I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking to stay in Las Vegas for anything.  I noticed there were quite a few business conferences going on during our stay.  Maybe on your next business conference in the Vegas area, expense it at Aria and enjoy the luxuries they offer.
5	What can I say that has not already been said by the lovers of the Aria.The overall hotel experience was excellent. It is a beautiful building inside and out. The service was exceptional from everyone. There are a couple of reviews that noted poor service. I don't see how that was possible based upon my experience. Every single person I encountered was smiling, friendly, and helpful to whatever I needed. I think that your own attitude has a lot to do with how you get treated. Reviews noting the 'smoke smell issues'. I am extremely sensitive to cigarette smoke. Although I was staying in a non-smoking room, it was absolutely not an issue in the Aria common areas or the casino.The service at three of the restaurants we tried, was really great. For me, the food was ok, but I wasn't looking for a dining experience on this trip.The room was second only to the Four Seasons Las Vegas, and there were some things about this room that actually beat out the Four Seasons.Like the fully electronically controlled . . . well EVERYTHING. Lights, curtains, tv, music. . . all from a single remote. It was the bomb. The room was a good size, and since we were on the 35th floor, the view was spectacular to say the least.And, one of my pet peeves has been solved by the Aria. . . The hotel room doors do not slam shut! That in itself makes me jump for joy.Other things to note, they let me check in to the room early, they let me check out late, all with no hassle what so ever. And, the hotel was totally booked for a fighting event. So, I know they could have easily said NO.The beds are super comfortable, and the a/c unit is quiet. For those thinking of "hotel pool crashing". . . don't bother. There are sooo many checkpoints where you must show your room key. I LOVE THAT.  I paid for my hotel amenities, you can just stay at your Travelodge.Overall, this was a great first experience at the Aria, and I do intend to return when I need to go to Vegas.
2	This place was pretty bad...I stayed here a few months ago but the stay will forever be burned into my head. We had some really high expectations for this place because of all the hype! We were majorly let down. Now to begin: When we first arrived my friends parents(who were paying for the trip) asked the front desk to change our room from a two night stay to a 3 night and they acted like he was asking them to like close down the whole hotel! I understand if someone else had already reserved our room for the day after we were scheduled to leave, but they totally didn't have to be so rude to him especially when we were trying to give them money. Whatever they let us do it.THEN the AC is one of the rooms broke and it took them FOREVER to come fix it. When they finally did they sprayed some gross smelling stuff in the vent and it stank up the whole room, the hallway and even the elevator. It was sooo bad. We expected them to offer letting us get a new room but nope not even an apology for the wretched smell. They just sprayed some other stuff to mask it. Whatever we let it go...THEN we were doing our hair in our room getting ready to go out and our power blows out! We called the front desk to report it and they tell us they'll send someone to fix it...30 minutes later a guy comes up to our room with a new blow dryer...WTF?! Luckily the power came back on Its own so we didn't bother saying anything..and LASTLY, we were  walking to our room in the morning coming back from the pool and I happen to glance in a room that they're doing maid service in and I see the housekeeper pick up a Cosmo from the desk, plop on the bed, and start reading it! OK although this last thing didn't happen go us, it was still super unprofessional...All in all, I really didn't think it was worth the money spent there. Do yourself a favor and go somewhere they believe in real customer service and appreciate your money..
5	My wife and I love the Aria and City Center. We've spent two weekends there and didn't even leave the City Center. They have everything you'd need or want. We've been to LV over 40 times so we've stayed in most of the hotels. Our favorite was the Bellagio, now it's Aria. We can't really add anything else that hasn't been said by the other good reviews. We'd highly recommend the Aria.
5	The rooms are fabulous, gorgeous hotel, loved the pool area, and location in the new Center City is great!  The concierge hooked us up with awesome last minute tickets for Viva Elvis.
2	I experienced ARIA last year and was very dissapointed...Yes its a nice hotel from the outside...the inside is Meh...the smell is awful...the perfume is way to strong as you walk in to the hotel lobby...the staff checking people in is rude and this place is Bouji! So we just didnt get a good vibe from this place...as soon as my girl and I walked in hand in hand everyone was looking at us like we were aliens...def. not gay friendly...and alot of older people who think they are the sh#$ because they have money...so yea...not going back..
5	The boyfriend and I both loved our stay at Aria, we did have a few small complaints but nothing worth noting. Well - if your curious it was just that our phone didn't work unless we had it on speaker and the first night we were left without a comforter but no biggie, we didn't spend too much time in our room anyways :) The first thing I noticed as we walked in was the smell of vanilla in the lobby which I loved because I dislike when I first walk into a resort/casino and the only thing I can smell is cigarettes. Check in went very smoothly - regular check in is at 3pm and we got to the hotel at 9am because we had a early flight and we were checked right in. The room was perfect. There were two spacious closets, loved the shower/bath, his & her sinks, the bed was really comfortable, nice plasma mounted to the wall with plenty of channels if you do end up spending time in the room, floor to ceiling windows with shades that open with the remote and a nice bar/snack area but be warned *don't move anything unless you want to pay for it. Luckily I read quite a few reviews that mentioned that already so I knew better and I told my boyfriend "You touch, you buy." ;) I loved how modern it was but I will admit there were a few times I had problems with the "master remote" where I just tried to close the shades and I ended up somehow turning off all the lights and the tv. It made for some good laughs though! We spent some time down in the casino and lost some money but had a great time doing it. I like to people watch and the casino was perfect for that. We didn't eat at any of the restaurants but I did order some Drunken Noodles from Lemongrass for to go as we were leaving - of course that's another review. We said every time we go to Vegas we want to stay at a different place but we'll see if that happens =)
4	its one of the nicer hotels in las vegas... the rooms are nice, have a nice modern deco but the rooms are a little small... they have this bbq joint in the aria which is really good!! the food took really long to get to us but it was worth it.. (i forgot the name of the place) and they have a really good spanish tapas restaurant aswell.. as for the casino, i've never played, so i cant tell youand the night life, i've never been, so same goes for that..
5	I'm a big believer of customer loyalty if a place treats its guests right and I've only gotten the best treatment here at Aria. There have always been little things off at other hotels in Vegas but Aria seems to get it all right. After achieving pearl status on the player's club card, aria has been sending me comp'd room offers every time I finish a stay so I have almost never had to pay for a room. I tend to go for a suite upgrade because those rooms are very comfortable if you plan on an extended stay. The normal rooms are more than sufficient.One of the best places about this hotel is the omakase restaurant located in the lobby area. The Italian restaurant is also highly recommended. They have an amazing wine selection and the chef has great tastes in picking out the menu every time I go. Some omakase places are hit and miss but this one is a hit all the way.
2	How disappointing.  This was my second stay at the 2 bedroom Aria Sky Suites and this experience was not nearly as good as my first.We flew in and got to the hotel at 3PM.  They checked us into a room and when we got there, it was still being cleaned!  I went back down to tell them to reassign us and there was not one apology for the mistake that they made.  They checked other 2 bedroom suites and it turned out that there was only one smoking suite available at that time and all of the other ones were being serviced.  I never stay in smoking rooms so that was obviously not an option.  They supposedly couldn't do anything for us ie put us in another comparable or better room so the only choice was to wait around.  They told us to go eat with a $100 credit towards food or beverages in the casino.  Once our room was done, we were checked in.  When we got there, everything was clean and in order.  Great quality decor.  We found that the TVs in the bathrooms didn't work which was annoying because we usually have the TV running while getting ready.  Also, in addition, when we got back to our hotel room at around 3AM on Sunday morning, there was no water because there was an accident somewhere on the strip.  Shouldn't hotels have some sort of reserve for cases like these?  When we called the front desk to find out what was going on, they were not apologetic at all and didn't seem to really care that we were dissatisfied with what was going on.   This time around, most of their front desk staff had major attitudes and were not accommodating.  All in all, it was a bad experience.  Too bad I already have reservations at Aria in August that I made before this trip.  We'll see how they do next time.
5	Aria is a truly beautiful hotel.  I am a huge fan of sleek, modern design with the use of natural materials (wood, metal, stone, glass) - to me, it's comfortable and inviting, just like Aria.  The service was amazing from the front desk to the janitorial staff.  Everyone was very friendly and accommodating.We had a deluxe city view room that was nice and spacious with a wonderfully large bathroom.  The all-in-one remote control was neat but also slow and cumbersome.  I wonder how long it will be before that technology will require an update?  We loved all of the ports for our phone chargers and how you can play your iPod through the TV speakers.  Thoughtful touches such as those, as well as the light dimmers, ample closet and drawer space, and the comfy bed, made our stay very enjoyable.The air filtration system throughout the hotel is spectacular!  Go stand in any other casino and you can tell the difference.  Is the scent vanilla, cinnamon or lavender?  Who cares, it's fresh air at all times!We spent quite a bit of time in the pool area, which is top notch.  There are 3 big pools with loads of chairs and umbrellas and lots of nice landscaping.  There are also several attentive waitresses walking around and a bar for your drinking pleasure.  Other than the constant barrage of pop music that you can't seem to escape in Vegas, it was tons of fun in the sun.Now - if I could make a suggestion:  free drinking water other than just on the casino floor.  If this luxury resort would really like to stand out and go above and beyond to make its guests very happy and comfortable, how about a few drinking fountains interspersed throughout the premises like its many decorative fountains?  I'm sure that would not bring in as much money as the current $4.50 per bottle of Dasini, but I imagine this LEED Gold certified building could make good use of some kind of water filtration system as cool as the air filtration.  Yes, I know there is tap water in my room, but it tasted kinda funky to me.  Thank goodness CVS Pharmacy is right next door!Can't wait to go back for more of Bar Moderno's Bramble Berries and Jean-Philippe's gelato!  Thanks for a wonderful time, Aria.
2	I can't understand all these people that seems to praise Aria?  Have they never stayed in a luxury hotel?  is this the best they have ever stayed in?  They can't tell the difference between the real 4 and 5 star hotels vs the make elieve.High tech gadgets they have at Aria is few years behind.  Venetian and Wynn had them ever since they opened few years ago.  So, what Aria have is nothing new.  What a dinky shower tub combo they have.  Such as compact room compare to other newer casinos.  Half the light doesn't seems to wor leavig it dark.  Such a dark hallway to get to your room.Worst of all, I thought was the security crew that supposedly guards the entrance to enter guest elevators.  What is ARAI thinking of?  Yes, it's good that they should be guarded, however, they shouldn't hire some thugs that think they could intimidate you.  What, do they believe that if you have some big (FAT) dude guarding them would make the guests feel safer.  I was there on the weekend of mother's day.  They seems to pick on Asians more so than others  Don't those big fat #%@$ know that over 50% of their guests are Asians.    Since they are so much smaller than you big fat asses that they can push them around.  ARIA, watch out, you have already lost some of the bigger whales as I've been told by a good source/  Pretty soon, you will loose more with this lack of service or I should say poor service and having hired ex-mafix that couldn't hack it in a real world so they became a security of a casino guarding doors.  Thye couldn't intimidate other gangs so they are here to intimidate the guests/  Ver smart move, ARIA.
2	Sorry Aria. Won't be coming back here even with a fairly good M Life Player deal.  I have stayed at almost a dozen 4 to 5 star Vegas hotels and I just don't see how they earned the 5 diamond award. Check in and check out were the worst of any hotel.  We were trying to get adjoining rooms rooms with another  family member who also had a reservation. He said that we could wait for one to open and he could text us. He also mentioned that there were currently 2 adjoining rooms on the 4th floor but if we wanted a higher up room, we should wait. No problem  - we'll wait.  Almost 3 1/2 hours later at approximately 3:45pm we were texted that our rooms were ready.  Turns out the only proximity of our rooms was that they were on the 20th floor.  Both rooms were on different wings at the furthest end of each wing.  I have stayed at the Signature at MGM Grand and felt it was faster to walk to MGM grand from the signature than it was from our room at the far wing.  We contacted reservations regarding the problem and they said they didn't have any adjoining rooms.  Sorry.2nd issue....power went out on Saturday night for at least 4 hours.  We contacted guest services and waited on hold for about 10 minutes...likely due to other guests calling to report the problem.  We were told that they were working on it but didn't know when it would be fixed.  Guest services should have followed up with each person who complained or reported a problem and offered some sort of compensation for having to brush their teeth in complete darkness and not being able to shower.  Also, that day it was close to 90 degrees so sleeping with no A/C is unacceptable in a AAA 5 diamond hotel. We weren't asked if there were any problems at check out. I decided it didn't matter as I wouldn't be returning anyway.Only reason this wasn't a 1 star review was that the hotel is clean and the casino is decent.  We didn't like the vanilla smell at all.  It was way overpowering as others have mentioned. Come to think of it this should have been a 1 1/2 star review.
3	My stay here was great -the hotel is beautiful, the room is amazing -but I took away one star just because of the location. In my opinion, it's far from the main bustling areas of Vegas so you most likely will have to cab it a lot, which could get unnecessarily pricey. The hotel is real classy but it doesn't really have a theme. The corner room i stayed in had a nice living room area, the master bathroom had an electronic toilet that would squirt water in different direction depending on if you were going #1 or #2 and an air dryer. Definitely couldn't get used to it. The highlight was the master bedroom with 2 of the walls completely made of glass at the corner of the hotel. We had a beautiful panoramic view of Vegas.
2	I had some expectations for this hotel since it was the newest and the hippest on the strip, it was certainly very modern and flashy compared to one of my favs (wynn). Upon arriving for check-in, there was no line or any sense of direction at the counters for checking in, it was like a first come first serve thing. The customer serivce was quite rude as if she didn't even wanna help us. We had some bad experience from phone reservations already for this place so I'm guessing in-person customer service is as bad. The food was ok, a bit over priced? I decided to just have a yogurt parfeit which was like $8 o.0. The last night of my stay the power went off! The power didn't come back on til like 20 min later, its somewhat odd that there is power outage in such a new hotel.
4	I've recently stayed here on my last trip to Vegas and thought it was great. Walking into the hotel, there's a subtle Vanilla-like smell in the air that is refreshing; unlike the weird smell at the Venetian. The decor throughout the hotel is very aesthetically pleasing. It's close to the Monte Carlo and New York New York so you may have to make a slight walk to the places in the middle of the strip, but taking the tram to the Bellagio will help.As for the room, I really like the concept of having a remote control nearly everything in the room. The only thing that I didn't like was that it was a bit laggy when I would try to change the channel or move through the channel guide. I also didn't like that in order to turn off one thing, I had to turn off almost everything else. I also like that there's a door separating the toilet to the rest of the bathroom.Overall, it's one of the more upscalish hotels on the Strip. If you decide to gamble, people are dressed more for going to a club than getting a bite to eat at McDonalds. Very modern feel and if you have the cash to spend, there's the City Center next to Aria for you to buy expensive stuff.
4	Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Vanilla! Oh did I say Vanilla?! I did? well... VANILLA AGAIN NIKKA!If you're looking for a hotel to stay at... this is my first pick over all las vegas! This join iz off da hiz-nook! Yeah like extra AWESOME sauce on your fries! When you first walk in... you will notice the vanilla scent. Their hotel/casino is aesthetically pleasing and welcoming. The rooms are super modern! If you like gizmos?! This is your spot! They have a portable console that controls the tv, temperature, lights, blinds, and more.WARNING, do not touch the mini bar! They have sensors on EVERYTHING! You will be charged for every item you touch... but you can dispute it.Casino-wise - its vegas... it's the same everywhere... ^_^ I'll come back again! Next year? Why NOT!
5	FAVORITE hotel in Las Vegas. I have gone 5 times now and stayed in various hotels to include Planet Hollywood and the Bellagio and hands down ARIA is my favorite.Upon arrival into our room, as soon as we opened the door, all the lights turned on, the music started playing and the blinds opened up to a gorgeous view of the Las Vegas strip. Whenever we needed more towels, the staff was always accommodating. We had ordered in food as well and did not have to wait long at all for it to arrive. I hope the hotel continues with its customer service and never changes! One of the best stays in Las Vegas so far!
4	This review is long overdue. I came here in December for the boyfriend's birthday weekend. As soon as we popped out of our cab, everyone greeted us so warmly! I have a soft spot in my heart for the tiniest details, but I really do believe paying a bit more and getting that extra friendly service is worth it. The minute you walk in, you will notice that Aria smells AMAZING. Literally. An old coworker of mine that stayed here said they pump that scent through EVERYTHING. It smells so heavenly and not the kind where it's heavenly until you start getting a headache and want to pass out, but just pure heaven.  The hotel is quite chic and modern. Very classy and pretty! Everything is aesthetically pleasing. I can say the same for the rooms. Lovely rooms with soft beds and automatic everything. (As much as I loved it, it would get annoying when the touch screen control pad was not responsive) Bathroom is easy on the eyes as well. There's a large tub next to the shower (no jets) for you to relax in after a long night of partying. Their toiletries smell divine! I think they have green tea in them..?The location isn't too shabby. We walked to Monte Carlo to see the Jabbawockeez show without a problem. You can walk across to Vdara to try out their spa as well. It is a bit of a hike to the established hotels on the strip and we spent a lot of money on cabs that weekend. Wait for a good deal to pop up and book your trip!
4	By far the nicest And newest hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. Driving up to the place I felt like a baller. The architecture is amazing. The hotel is gorgeous. The rooms are really big and extremely nice. The bed was amazingly comfortable. The bathroom was even nice.  The staff was great as well. I will def be staying her. I was amused to find that even in memorial weekend, it was really cheap.
3	cool hotel but food was marginal at best and way overpriced. Didn't enjoy the casino but that may have more to do with all the losing I was doing. Rooms were very modern and had cool gadgets which I liked.
3	I had high expectations for Aria. Maybe too high...Pros: -The rooms are nice. I really liked how when you opened the door for the first time the curtains would open. -I really liked the contemporary art they had all around the casino. Very few places were a bit on the Lady Gaga side (triangles and mirrors and cactuses?) -This isn't really a pro, but I thought it was sooooo cool how all their surfaces were different textures. No, I was not on LSD during my trip. Really people, the walls on the hotel floors outside the elevators were leather, whereas other places were smooth wood, granite, etc. Warning for future stumbling bastards: as you walk down the halls to your room the walls are a rough and have a grainy texture. If your face hits this wall because the Patron has taken over, half of your face will be scraped off!-The maids were very friendly. Tip them! -Many restaurants for fine dining. More reviews later. Cons:-The gambling is alright. I have a theory that since they are still relatively new they have to spank everyone and take their money in the first few years unlike the other casinos. I feel like I win more at the MGM and the like. Obviously gambling is part skill, mostly luck, and the house always has the advantage. -For an approaching holiday weekend I thought their check-in was on the slow side and only 4 people were working if I recall. I am a patient person so I didn't really care about the wait, but if you aren't then maybe Aria isn't the place for you.-The room did not have blackout curtains. WTF. Well, technically I guess they are, but the very top of the curtains were wavy and let in sunlight. I'm not explaining this well, all I know is that I woke up at 6 am the first day since the sun was brightening up our room.-The bed was comfortable, but I really didn't like the pillows. Random:-I hope this isn't TMI but the toilets are too high. Just sayin'. -A lot of the tables were non-smoking, which I haven't really seen before in Vegas. Sweet! -Other people have commented on the vanilla smell. I liked it because you couldn't smell it all the time, only certain places had the strong aroma. I probably won't stay at this hotel again, but I'm glad I did anyway. It was an experience and I think it's worth trying if you are looking for a new hotel in Vegas to try out.
5	This hotel kicks ass. It's so new, modern, luxurious and affordable. Terrific service at check in, we all won money gambling, great restaurants, lounges/club all in the hotel. Also right next to the Belagio and New Cosmo hotel. It took me and my 2 girlfriends like 15 minutes to figure out how to work the lights/automated curtains/video and audio, but hey... Girls and technology just DON'T mix!I loved this hotel, I am SO coming back here again next time I'm in town.
5	I've stayed at Aria twice, and had a terrific experience both times.  The rooms are wonderful, very tastefully decorated and filled with all these cool state of the art techie touches (like controlling all the lights and shades from a remote while lying in bed with a hangover).  The hotel and casino decor is really interested, muted browns and subtle colors where you least expect it.  We also liked the restaurant options.Vegas provides innumerable hotel options. What makes Aria stand out is that it's really a much more high-end hotel than the pricing would suggest.  It opened during the recession, and it's had to keep it's prices at a reasonable level to draw clientele, but the quality of the rooms, the restaurants, and the general decor make it closer to one of the high-end modern hotels in Vegas than the dated also-rans. I've stayed in pretty most of the high-end hotels in Vegas (Mandalay, Paris, Wynn, Mirage, Hard Rock), and I think the Aria compares pretty favorably to all of them.
4	The hotel and rooms are EXCELLENT. Everything in the room that can be remote controlled is remote controllable from either the clock or the television. Very cool!  And I absolutely loved the modern design of the hotel, rooms, and common areas.  On the downside. I did not care for the food. Especially Cafe Vettro. That said - the service and ambiance was incredible. Overall I loved the hotel and would not hesitate to stay there again.
4	The good: Went to a bachelorette party for memorial day weekend and aria was the hotel of choice to lodge a group of 9 different girls. We had the luxury sky suite which was very spacious. There was a beautiful view of Rio and neighboring hotels. A large couch that can sleep two easily, remote control everything that open and closed our curtains and fascinating, very inviting bidet that we all stood in line for as it offered front and rear cleaning, seat warming, and drying when finished. A tub right in the middle of the bathroom with lots mirrors so getting ready made life in vegas that much simpler. The bedroom was big enough to store 9 suitcases, sleep 4 girls and manage to still have floor space. Throughout the day, the hotel offered baked goods and assorted breads downstairs, coffee, tea and refreshments like fancy fiji water.  Let me reiterate, fancy overpriced fiji water?  that's an automatic 1 star!  The bad: I was irritated with the lack of outlets because trying to charge my phone or iron my clothes was challenging. Housekeeping. Don't know if this is a proper correlation but one of the girls lost her brand spanking new sunglasses from the time we went to the pool and came back up to see housekeeping cleaning up our already clean room. They also were not detailed orientated as they tossed a personal towel in their pile of dirty hotel towels, and have not heard any news of the towel or sunglasses since our stay. The aria is not on the strip per se but is accessible to the strip within a few steps and up and down a flight of stairs.
4	i  stayed there 2 nites on last x'mas. everything was great.... pretty impressive. u use the computer to turn on tv, open and close curtain, turn on lights, etc.... but seems like the computer control was not too smooth somehow. sometimes the curtain stuck. the bathroom is nice. but nth much to do down stair.
4	Remember to call Casino Marketing before you book your stay at any Vegas hotels.  Usually if you have a player's club card, they will be able to throw in some sort of nice deal for you.THE GOOD:1.  Hotel room, hallways, casino floor, lobby, exterior all look absolutely breathtaking.2.  Front lobby, concierge, housekeeping, room service, bellmen, express check out guys all provided excellent customer service.  You truly are treated like a princess...or prince :)3.  Booking here, we got a 2 for 1 ticket deal for the O show and total for 2 nights on Memorial weekend was $333 including tax and everything.4.  Housekeeping was so sweet- I had bottles of bath products laid out and I came back to find it all organized neatly for me.. YAY! :)5.  They are FAST at checking you in, checking you out, getting your car.  Efficient serivce.  I lauve.THE BAD:  1.  One thing that sticks out like a sore thumb is the Valet guy on our first day there.  Tipping is not required, but with every guest that did not tip him when he hailed a cab for them, he made sure to make some sarcastic comment loud enough for guests to hear.  VERY unprofessional.2.  Although I passed by their shopping mall attached everyday I was there, I never could find anything- everything was super overpriced.  Shopping experience just wasn't as fun as the forums at Caesar's.OVERALL:Even though a few individuals who are staffed at the Aria rubbed me the wrong way, my overall experience was amazing!!  With the rates they gave me and the convenience of the location on the strip, I would definitely book again here.  It is a nice little change from Palazzo or Venetian.
3	For a 5 star hotel, they should work the kinks out . . . then again I went last August, so maybe they have.First of all . . . there is no doubt you feel like a straight baller when you come here.  Man this place is nice . . . you are talking a young man from the slums of South Florida and another young dude from South Central spending 3 days in luxury.The Bad:We got in late one night, and they didn't have my room . . . so we settled for that night . . . got up, and they had my room, but the keys wouldn't work and we were double booked.  Needless to say I was getting irritated.  Went' back down stairs and the lady gave me a center suite on like the 22nd floor with a $100 credit.  I walked in . . . and it was like Hangover in that place.  I didn't want to leave the room.  However still had some irrititating electric problems which a place like this just shouldn't have.Also, it is just a bit further from the strip than I would have liked.  I mean seriously, from the room to the strip is a good 15 minutes . . . but the view was still great at night.The Good:You definitely turn a few heads when you announce you are at the Aria in a Suite lol.  We made like $300 at the Black Jack table . . . so that was cool,  but I had to stop as I was getting drunk LOL.  Some bad, bad females work in this joint.  Some bad, bad females is walking around this joint.  The breakfast buffet was real good.Overall, this is a 5 star place . . . but they just had too many issues for me to rate it above a 3.  I look forward to heading back to Vegas, though with new hotels popping up all the time, not sure if I am staying here . . . but I definitely would be open to giving it another shot.
3	I didn't stay here, just walked around and checked the place out.  It was recently built, so everything is nice and new.  The fountain out front is pretty spectacular.
4	Our 1 bedroom penthouse is pretty nice...Only has 1 bed, but overall, the room is high class and has it all.At 1425 sqft and we paid only $600 with an employee discount.I don't like how you have to show a key to enter the elevators.Employees super nice.Gambling here is expensive, most table games start at $10.Good place to shop and visit for the first time.
1	I stayed at Aria for the first time last week. I had requested 2 rooms on a high floor. We arrived late. The front desk lady said that all the high floor rooms were taken by the convention that was in town. She said she had a room on the 8th fl. I said that wouldn't do so she found, lol, 2 rooms on the 15th floor. The room looked at the convention center roof. They have 56 floors so you know where we were. She also told me that for what I was paying that was a good room. They sent me a special room rate. Why do they send it if you shouldn't use it. The floors are dirty and the bathtub/shower is stupid. Stay at The Cosmo or Vdara.
3	Spent an extended Memorial Day holiday weekend at Aria Resort & Casino.  Saturday was pretty crowded and all of Vegas (not just Aria) seemed to be hopping.  Things thinned out pretty quickly by Sunday, and everything was much lower-key Monday and onward.HOTELStayed in a standard room with two queen beds.  The room itself is a little on the small side, but balanced by the (relatively) newer furnishings, modern design, and technological bells and whistles--most notably the fact that you can control the lights and curtains of the entire area from either the television (through the remote control) or from a little bedside display.  The beds and pillows were very comfortable and the climate control worked like a charm.  Again, the bathroom seemed a little small by Vegas standards and having the bathtub in the shower stall was slightly disconcerting.The spa was pretty impressive--breaking off into Men's and Women's spas (complete with lockers, showers, jacuzzis (kept at 70, 90, 100, and 101 degrees), sauna, and steam room.  The separate spas then converged into a common waiting area for the treatment rooms.  The selection of available treatments was also fairly impressive.One bonus about staying at Aria is that it has easy access to a super high-end mall (Crystals) as well as a tram between Bellagio, Crystals, and Monte Carlo.My experience with the staff was marred when I checked out of the hotel.  While there are numerous ways to check out--through the television, by phone, and even via text message--I wanted to get an updated copy of my hotel bill.  A couple of hours earlier I had visited the casino host office and got a good part of my hotel bill comped.  When it came time to check out, though, the charges still remained on my folio.  What really turned me off, however, was the rudeness of the hotel desk clerk who all but accused me of trying to cheat the hotel out of its money.  Doesn't she realize that she works in a Las Vegas casino, and it's not that unusual for guests to be comped items off their hotel bill?  In the end, I had no problem just paying the bill as it was because I knew the hosts office would correct it, but for the desk staff to make such a scene is unacceptable.CASINORelatively speaking, Aria is not a very big casino.  I do like the general layout with the lower denomination games close to the front desk, moving up to higher and higher denominations, and ultimately going past the high limit slots and blackjack rooms to the far set-off baccarat room near the lobby to the Sky Suites.  During peak times, blackjack table limits were a little on the high side in my opinion--with $50 minimums for "Hit Soft 17" six-deck shoes and $100 minimums for "Stand on All 17" six-deck shoes.  There were also $25 and $50 continuous shuffler machine tables (hitting soft 17).  By mid-week and off-peak times, those continuous shufflers dropped to $15 minimums, and it was easy to find $25 minimum table with decent rules.The craps tables were generally at $15 minimums, topping out at $25 minimums and bottoming out at $10 minimums.  Aria did not seem very video poker friendly:  They had my favorite multiplay machine but, inexplicably, it was missing the Speed/Turbo button that makes play go faster.  I disliked it so much I ended up going over to Bellagio to play instead.  I did not spend a lot of time in the baccarat room, but the layout seemed rather nice--including little drink tables in between each of the baccarat seats.  Per the trend, Aria has the smaller "mini-bac-like" tables with computer screens instead of the the older-style fourteen person tables (which I do miss, but understand the choice).FOODEach of the food options could warrant their own review, but I'll summarize the ones I tried:  - The food at the Buffet was of average quality (except the Eggs Benedict which were terrible) and below average selection/variety.  Not sure where this tandoor oven they advertise comes into play.- Cafe Vettro was serviceable as a late night dining option.  Not sure why they refuse to put a single dish on the menu with both eggs and pancakes on the same plate.  Maybe Denny's has the intellectual property rights over that one.- Jean Philippe Patisserie had amazing looking desserts that did not taste nearly as good as they looked.- BARMASA was such a massive disappointment, particularly as Masa at the Time Warner Center NYC is one of my favorite restaurants on the planet.  The space is generally gloomy, and the food was just not impressive overall.- Sirio was a decent Italian place, though one might expect something better at those prices.OVERALLAria is a pretty solid choice for a Las Vegas resort, but my own preference would be to go for a higher-quality experience at Bellagio.  Where Aria excels vis-a-vis Bellagio is in the modern rooms.  Bellagio seems to have the edge, though, in terms of its casino and its dining options.  Aria probably has a slight edge over Wynn in my book.
5	Nicest place in Vegas period!!!  If you plan on spending some money, spend it here.  Absolute stunning property.Most places now try to avoid giving you a drink while gambling these days, not Aria.  Very prompt service even when playing 1 cent slots. Best bathrooms in Vegas!!!
2	Staying here for my friend's 30th birthday party turned out to be a bitter/sweet experience. The sweet parts were that they have cool technology, an all-in-one touch screen remote for everything in the room (including blinds and TV), a modern and classy look. But, don't try moving any items, including items in the refrigerator as they have a censor underneath it. I did that and placed them back, but they couldn't clear the record when I checked out 2 days later, even after the staff went to my room and confirmed that everything was in place. The hotel was fully reserved when I arrived, so we had to wait 30 minutes to check in and check out, plus they didn't greet us warmly, not even a good morning or goodbye or a smile. So, don't expect too much from them. On the day we were about to check out, the cleaning lady knocked on our door at about 10 a.m. to confirm that we were checking out. I can't believe they did that in such a fancy hotel.
5	Absolutely AMAZING! I didn't stay here but I gambled here a few times and words can't describe how awesome this place is. The architecture is absolutely insane. This is the type of building that you look at and say to yourself "Wow, I can't believe what humans are capable of constructing". This casino reminded me of the casino from Ocean's 13. It has the most advanced gaming equipment I have ever seen. The roulette table light up all the winning spot once the ball drops into a number. I joked with one of the dealers and told her she probably loves this new feature because it makes her job 100 times easier, she laughed and said "you betcha!".This place is a must visit next time you are in Vegas even if you aren't staying there.
3	After a bumpy start, we had an overall good experience. THE GOOD: The room was great...roomy, clean, super quiet, and the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. We were able to store our luggage w/the valet since we had a late flight. They were able to push back our check out time 'til 1 since we were going skydiving and wouldn't be back til 12. They gave my boyfriend a complimentary cocktail for his bday at Cafe Vettro.THE BAD: We waited for over 30 minutes to get checked in, super frustrating. The line for the concierge was also ridiculously long, but there were often helpful staff members milling about who could answer general questions. The loud music at the pool was annoying, but that appears to be the case everywhere in Vegas. The $20 "resort fee" is kind of a rip off. They price gouge you on the food/drink options, but again, that's just the way it is on the strip. No coffee maker in the room. Overall grade: B
1	My wife drove her new 2011 Mustang GT Convertible 5.0 in to the valet last week and the guys were all over it about how hot it was. She told them she would be back in thirty minutes to leave. When she left, the driver, who was one of the ones complementing her on it when she dropped it off, brought it around. When he got out he was saying how much power the had. She just drove it off, but when she  looked at the gauges after driving off, she noticed the traction control had been turned off by the valet. That piece of crap was racing the car in the garage. The only reason to turn off the traction control would be to spin the tires. The only way to turn it off is manually. It cannot be done by accident. What an idiot, first to abuse a car that is not yours and then to forget to get rid of the evidence. We will be writing the GM of the resort to express our displeasure. you would think the resort security would have a way to monitor the valets so they don't have the opportunity to ruin peoples cars. I can only imagine what else goes on in valet at Aria. I know I will never trust them with any of our cars again. We're local, so everybody I know will hear about this.
2	Not good at all go to the Wynn buffet insteadSave your money
4	Clean, fresh and the newest machines in the casino.. I shall return!!
4	That's a big hotel you have there, Aria. Seriously - it's big! Beyond the expansive casino, plenty of pools, myriad of restaurants and Elvis theater, Aria boasts some beautiful rooms with an insane amount of technology! All the lighting, power, curtains, sound, etc. can controlled by the small touch screen on the nightstand. Very Batman-esque. The decor of the hotel and rooms is quite modern, clean and slick. You won't see any garish prints or bright colors here, beyond the slot machine lights. Hubs and I scored a really good room rate deal here for Memorial Day weekend. Be aware, however, that when you check in they put a hold on your credit card for an *additional* $130/$140 per day. This is (I assume) to compensate for incidentals, room service, restaurant bills etc. It's almost entirely too easy to rack up an insane bill with all of the family hotels - it's very cruise like where you can sign your bill to your room. This goes for all of the hotels in the MGM family in Vegas. It took me a day or two to become acclimated to the hotel - where to exit, places to visit, etc. Overall, staff was quite friendly and efficient - very helpful when you have no idea where the hell you're going. Per usual, the restaurants, coffee bars, shops, etc. are pricey but no more so than any other of the resorts/casinos on the strip. While I would happily stay at Aria again, I want to check out a few more hotels in Vegas before I head back.
4	This is one of the newer hotels in Vegas . Everything in the room is remote controlled . The curtains , lights , etc. The room was very nice and clean . The bathrooms were very nice too . The casino was pretty dead and that great . There wasn't much good stores or restaurants in here either .
5	Aria and Mlife player club members were nice enough to comp me a corner suit for 3 nights all for free. Great  service, friendly staff, Wow, sweet room.     No complaints   Even if it wasnt free
5	I am a local and decided to get away for the night as I had been wanting to check out the City Center. My visit was on a weekday, used my travel agent discount with Iatan card $99 plus tax. Great deal.Beautiful resort with with 5 star service.I forgot to pack shampoo, I called housekeeping and in five minutes they were up to my room with a bag loaded with toiletries to last me 6 months, wow more than accommodating!Great restaurants! MMMMM SKYBOX Sport's grill! (See my review)Checked out Crystal's the art complex with high end stores.The little monorail over to Monte Carlo and Bellagio was fun and free for now at least, soon enough I am sure they will be charging for the two minute trip back and forth. Love the chocolate/candy store mmm sinful delights! Little chocolate masterpieces too pretty to eat!It's dark, romantic, classy, great service with a smile, beautiful room.I will be back!This is a more adult catered property, love that! I don't recall even seeing one child in the entire hotel or casino.I attached some photo's from my stay :)
2	Rooms are modern and beautiful, but nothing you also can't find at the Wynn or Venetian. I might be biased because I paid half the price of this room on Sat night at the Palazzo (which was much better).Cell phone service is the worst of any hotel I've stayed at on Strip.Staff are nice and friendly, and say hi to you in halls. Beware when checking in-- metal "clams" underneath desk will cut you. Happened to me- drew blood. Response from desk was: "oh, yeah.. It's worse when it happens to kids...." um, thanks.Pool is subpar (again compared to venetian/ palazzo/ mandalay). Food options are subpar. Spa "pool" available to customers does not have sun. Gym is ++. As is the Irish pub. Hotel and casino both under-delivered and under-whelmed to my expectations.
4	First off the place smelled .. well clean and nice.  Might just be because its new or maybe they really did the ventilation system well.The rooms are pretty amazing.  Defiantly look forward to more stays here.
2	We just got back to Seattle from our four day stay in Vegas for my birthday. The Aria, while pretty, definitely deserves a 'meh' rating based on what we experienced during our stay.To start, we arrived around 12:30 with two of our friends and my father. Check in went quickly and smoothly for them. However, they did not have a room ready for us. We had paid extra for the 'deluxe city view' room and they simply did not have any clean yet. They told us that it could take up to three hours to have a room ready and that they'd call our cell phone when one was. So, we went and had lunch and beer at Todd English while waiting. Three o'clock comes around and we go back to the desk to ask if any rooms are ready yet as we have not received a call. We're told that none are ready and it could take an ADDITIONAL two to three hours before one is. At this point I was developing a terrible migraine and just wanted to lay down. The guy at the desk magically finds a room but explains that it's a 'wedge room'. He says that this means that the windows are just a little bit smaller then in the normal rooms but everything else is the same. Seems fine except that when we get up to the room we discover that just a 'little bit smaller' means that the windows are only about two feet wide. Also, the privacy button on the door was stuck on the 'privacy' setting (meaning that until it was fixed the room wouldn't get serviced). At that point I didn't even care and just needed a nap.They definitely get a star for the beds and the rooms in general. The beds are the most comfortable I've EVER slept on. Even the pillows are great. I enjoy being able to control everything remotely and the bathrooms are very nice.Later that night we stopped at the desk and asked if it would be possible for us to get the room style that we had booked (and paid for) the next day. They assured us that it was no problem and that they'd call us the next day between 6am and noon to let us know when the room was ready. Of course we never received a call so we had to stop at the desk AGAIN on our way out to explore the strip. We were told that they'd call our cell phone to let us know when it was ready and that if we didn't take the new room between 8 and 9 we'd lose it. During this time we had brunch at the Cafe Vettro. We were seated immediately but the service was TERRIBLE. Our waiter would walk by us and look right through us when we said his name and waved. The food itself was fairly bland. We also frequented the Moderna bar and had almost the same problem. The waitresses were EXTREMELY unfriendly and you practically had to tackle one to get her attention. Fast forward to 6pm and the hotel STILL hadn't called us to tell us that our new room was ready. My husband called them to see what was up and was on the phone for over a half hour trying to work it out. He had to fight with them to get them to hold the room till 11 since they hadn't called us earlier. At least when we FINALLY got the right room it was wonderful and everything was working.My husband's parents experienced a similar situation. They didn't even HAVE the room that they booked. The manager at the desk informed them that it didn't MATTER if they had paid for an upgraded room because nothing was guaranteed. Even when they finally did get a room almost none of the lights or electronics worked. Eventually they got the room they wanted but it took a lot of complaining to various levels of management.All in all the Aria is a very pretty and fun hotel. However, their customer service is absolute crap. Good luck finding an employee that will even smile at you. They just want your money and could care less about you as a person. We'll definitely not be coming back.
2	A beautiful modern hotel, marred by unjustifiably poor customer service. The rooms are great: incredibly comfortable beds, modern marble bathrooms, and electronic automation for everything. The corner suite was simply breathtaking. However, of the four rooms our party rented, every single one had something minor wrong with it - eg. one room had the 'privacy' light stuck on, preventing any cleaning service (which they never did fix, despite multiple requests), another with a safe that 'glitched' stuck with wallets inside, and every room we saw had at least some lights burned out. "City View" doesn't mean much with giant condo skyscrapers in front of your hotel. Even the best views in the place, you'll be lucky to see a little glow from the MGM or Monte Carlo. What really turned us off this place was the abysmal customer service, particularly from the front desk. Being put on a "waiting list" for a reserved room was a new and unpleasant experience - doubly so at check-in time on a Tuesday (wow, I'd hate to arrive Friday night!). Even worse was the subsequent downgrade for a night. The next day they promised to fix it, but again, we "had to wait", and they promised call us. Well they never did call us; I had to call them twelve hours later (an arduous process in itself given their equipment dropped more calls than it completed), and only then did they even *begin* to process the request.Similar experience at the restaurants and bars - you'd get the occasional charming waitress, but most times, you'll be waiting 30 minutes or more before your existence is acknowledged.
5	We got a Sky Suite, and it was worth every penny. Top notch service, top notch rooms with control 4!!! Concierge was cool enough to call local clubs and get us in for free. Saved us some $50 cover charges!!
4	Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at Aria. The rooms was definitely the highlight. When we first checked in, the bedside touch-screen TV wasn't working, but they sent a tech up the room within 5 minutes to fix it. The room was spacious, comfortable, and the bathroom was awesome! I didn't think I would like the "bathtub behind the shower" set up that I saw online, but it was really great because it made the shower feel huge! I thought the pool was ok. Not fabulous (like MGM) but not terrible (like NYNY). We spent one afternoon at Liquid, which was much cooler than expected. I would highly recommend it for anyone age 21-30 with a hot body. :) The restaurants were fine. The location was great; despite some other reviews, the hotel is very convenient to the strip and it's a very short walk to Las Vegas Blvd. The main thing preventing a 5-star review was the housekeeping -- we were there for 3 nights and our room was never cleaned. Not once. We left our room around 9 am each day, and returned at about 3 pm for a nap. During the time we were away, we had the "service" light on... but our room was never cleaned. On the first day, we got a call from the front desk asking if we'd like housekeeping, and we said no (we were already back from the pool and about to nap). But the 2nd day, no call and no housekeeping. I know the housekeeping staff is very busy and they have a lot of rooms to clean, but considering the hotel offers "twice daily housekeeping" services, they should be able to get around to cleaning our room ONCE in 3 days!Hotel was nice, comfortable, a great size. But you may need to be persistent about housekeeping.
4	Aria was almost my favorite hotel/casino in Vegas...Cosmopolitan just edged them out. Beautiful accommodations, giving slots (at least to me) and they had a Jean Philippe Patisserie...yum.  I visited quite a few times during my 5-night mini-vacation!
4	I stayed here over the weekend and really enjoyed it. Aria is deffinitely the place to stay if you are going to be in Vegas. I was pretty impressed that all the rooms were remote control. Also, you are easily accessible to sooo much. My only reservations from keeping this from a five-star review is that some things were ridiculously expenisive. My bf forgot his socks, so we went down to the Aria gift shop where they charge 8 bucks a pair--no name brand or anything. I ordered a $7 latte. Also, there weren't very many casual places to eat in Aria. Everything was basically fine-dining.Other than that the service, the room, the casino, the pool etc. was amazing! :)
2	Nothing special...probably the worst 5-star I've stayed at, and I usually stay at 5-stars. We stayed in Aria and Palazzo on this trip, so maybe I'm slightly biased because we had a much better experience at Palazzo.First, there were lines for -everything-...call me spoiled, but when I'm paying for a five-star hotel, I don't expect to have to wait in an airport-style 20-minute line to check in. The same applied for check-out, but it was even longer. Yes, you can do express checkout, but I've had bad experiences being charged for minibar stuff that I didn't actually eat/use, so I wanted to view my bill/summary before checking out. Had to wait at least half an hour to check out, and sure enough, there was a charge for chocolate poker chips (or something like that) that we hadn't eaten.Second, two of the lights in the room were burnt out. Not a huge deal...called it in and someone came to fix it a few hours later. Still, I think I'm allowed to be picky when I'm paying for a five-star hotel.The glasses on the table weren't the cleanest (I cleaned them before using them). A card they had on the nightstand (it explained that they won't change your towels unless you request it - wtf?) had writing on the back of it from the previous occupant. Not huge deal-breaker-type things, but not things I'd expect of a five-star hotel.Third, the room was fairly small. It was nice (more on that in a minute), but our view was pretty ugly during the day (a little better at night), and it felt more like a room I'd get in a three-star hotel.We went to HAZE nightclub, which I'm posting a separate review about. Suffice it to say, also negative.Now, the good stuff: everything is in a very "modern" style, which I'm a big fan of. They have some cool technology (an iPad-type thing that controls everything in the room from temperature to lighting to music), but it's kind of hit-or-miss in whether it works how you'd like it to, and it's pretty laggy (takes like 3-4 seconds to just scroll through to the next available option).We had to walk through Cosmopolitan several times to get to where we were going on the Strip and it's about a million times nicer than Aria. It's like $50 or $60 a night more expensive for the basic room (and granted we haven't seen the rooms), but next time we'll -definitely- be staying there instead. It's gorgeous inside and they seem to pull the five-star-hotel thing off way better than Aria does.
5	The Aria is my new favorite place to stay in Vegas. Architecturally stunning when viewed from the street and when you enter the lobby. The first thing to greet you is the Japanese vanilla they disperse to ward off the smoke coming from the casino. I noticed the casino was hoppin on our way to the elevator. The happy hoots from the craps table, bells & buzzers from the many slot machines. The lobby bar was busy with plenty of plush seating. But what was missing? Oh yeah, the nasty smell of cigarettes! It seems the casino's incense thingy works. The rooms are absolutely beautiful. Modern, chic in the favorite chocolate tone most places seem to love. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've slept in and the pillows were a down mix, heavy on the down. The bathroom was a bit small but I loved the shower w/the bathtub. Very similar to a Japanese "ofuro", a small room with a separate area for the shower with a large soaking tub. All lighting and curtains are either touchpad or t.v. controlled. It's fun to program the curtains to open, lights and t.v. to turn on as a wake up call. It's also fun to turn off the lights in the bathroom when someone else is using it. Or just lay in the bed and power everything off & on just because you can. We had breakfast at Cafe Vettro, which is located off of the lobby. I highly recommend the house-smoked salmon & bagel. The salmon was perfectly smoked, thinly sliced and beautifully arranged. And amazingly delicious w/a buttery texture. I will advise ordering extra cream cheese as they only put a small dollop on the plate. The coffee at the Roasted Bean is a must, forgo the stuff you make yourself in the room. Throw on a pair of sweats, t-shirt and flip flops and make your way downstairs. Bring it back to the room and enjoy while you get ready to start your day. Aria is beautifully stunning from the lobby to the rooms. The staff friendly and efficient assuring this will be the place to stay on future visits.
2	Terrible first stay here. And we've been here no longer than two hours.The first room we had, 15270, was dirty unbeknownst to us. Had housekeeping not come to our room, we would never have known. Could have fooled us though, it gave us a great illusion that it was perfectly clean until we paid attention to the details. Apparently the room was marked dirty in their records so they sent someone to double check. We sent them away thinking it was a mistake but I'm kind of a nut about these things when it concerns lodging so we all looked around. There was hair all over the mattress and some smudge debris on a few of the pillow cases. I even took pictures of it. One strand on a pillow looked like it was pubic hair. NOT cool. Onto the restroom, not pretty. There was what looked to be like dry urine on the floor in front of the toilet. Yuck. Lifted the toilet seat and there was brownish/yellowish muck all over it. Disgusting. The soap dishes, stained and obviously not cleaned prior. My mom decided to give the front desk a call but even the phone was not working... She had to call from her cell phone. A total mess.Off we went, to room 18109. First thing we did was check the room's hygiene, didn't even bother to get comfortable this time. Similar shit. A soiled towel behind the door, dried make up (lipstick?) on the bathroom counter, and urine sprayed all over the toilet seat, which my boyfriend spotted, that housekeeping failed to wipe off. Gave the front desk another ring.Finally, here we are, in our third room. The walk here wasn't pleasant as we were all beginning to bitch about the hotel's housekeeping. We were greeted by hotel personnel, Dennis (was extremely nice and accommodating), who walked us in and inspected the room and made sure it met our expectations then comped us $150 for hotel wining/dining for our troubles.The all-in-one remote that controls the room, impressive, but it's been done before. Pretty standard for luxury hotels.Thank God it was free because of this three days stay offer my mom received. I would have been PISSED if I spent my money on rooms and had gone through this much trouble.Anyways, I'm still optimistic about the rest of our stay. Let's hope it's pleasant from here on.
4	Beautiful hotel and casino. Very modern style and rooms that have a cool digital touch screen interface (lights, curtains, TV, radio). I've been there twice and on my second trip I had to call front desk and get the interface thingy fixed (minor annoyance). The suite was sweet and had a steam shower. Generally speaking everything at the hotel was expensive but it is a luxury hotel. I'm not entirely sure how it compares to other luxury Vegas hotels, but I have been in luxury hotels around the country and this was one of the nicer ones. Pricey but I'm pretty sure it's worth while.
5	Vip Gold Member here! treat me well! wahooo!!!! :)
5	My husband and I got married in LV about 3 months ago and held our "reception" at ARIA. I have to say - they were absolutely exquisite! From the beautiful casino floor, helpful staff, great policies and breathtaking suites, I was beyond floored with my visit to this new Vegas establishment. Let me paint a picture for you....We wanted to get married in a fun place for our quests to take a mini-vacay. The problem with doing this in Vegas (esp on the Strip) is that things get incredibly expensive. A simple dinner meal for a catered party will easily reach $150 per head. Being in the wedding industry for the last 5 years - I decided to do some researching for alternative location spots. After researching for weeks, I decided to start looking in to elegant suites in hotels. Upon doing so I uncovered that it is not permitted to bring in your own food or drink to your hotel. A lot of places have extremely hard policies on this. Hotels make a ton of cash on catering. A bowl of chips and salsa would run you $5 at the store - go through hotel catering - easy $75. Ridiculous. We called at least 15 hotels to inquire about their policies. As a last resort we researched ARIA. Here I was thinking that we wouldn't be able to swing a luxury suite at this brand new hotel and BAM - they had a suite that was PERFECT for our needs. We had about 65 people at our wedding and wanted to throw a cocktail party afterwards. We confirmed with guest services that we were permitted to bring our own food/drink 3 different times. Each time, no hassle. We told them we were having a party - no hassle. This suite was RIDICULOUS. Floor to ceiling panoramic views, remote controlled curtains, temperature, sound system, a giant boardroom with 12 chairs and a large table (perfect for buffet style snacking) and 3 separate bar areas for set up. We worked out a great deal with a local restaurant and they were able to deliver directly to our suite and set up with no problems at all. The night went off without a hitch. Even the bell hop unloaded our entire SUV filled with decorations, liquor, beer, etc and brought it all up to the room for us. I will absolutely come back to ARIA. Do yourself a favor, throw down the $700, and stay in the "Executive Hospitality Suite" for at least one evening. The views and the suite itself will take your breath away.
3	Let's start with the check in... I do not know whether all the personnel are like this but the one that we had at the check in  counter looked like he did not even want to be there. He was also very quiet so we always had to ask him to repeat what he had said. So I was already disappointed at the check in. Finally we got to the room and of course it is standard for a good resort. The "ipad" controller was sometimes slow and if you did not know how to use it, it could have been difficult.Some details should be noted, for example, the personnel who brought up the room service was very nice and jolly, it made breakfast enjoyable. The housekeepers too always say hi as I walk pass which is too a plus.The bathroom though can be a bit dangerous especially with the tub and the shower in the same area, meaning that you have to step into the shower if you want out of the bathtub and for me that can be a very slippery experience. Other than that, it was an average experience. I probably will not come back since there are other hotels such as palazzo or venetian that have bigger rooms.Oh and btw, I heard that the pool was a problem since the sunlight was reflecting off the windows of the hotel and hitting the pool which ended up burning all the guests. They are probably going to renovate it though.
5	My favorite hotel ever. Beautiful property.
4	This hotel is NICE, beautiful, and very modern.The casinos don't smell very smoky like you smell at the other hotel.  At least it is like that for now until a couple of years.The room are very elegant and CLEAN. when you walk into the room, the flat screen TV welcome you to the room and the curtains open for you.  Our 3 days there was fabulous!The pools and hot spas are great and lots of people so go early to reserve your spaces. Free water for you to drink, too.Our package came with the free buffets and the buffets aren't the best but hey it is FREE so we took advantage of it and it saved us a lot of $$$$.  Free drinks to welcome you to their hotel :-)The downside: we had to pay a resort fee that we didn't know about, it is a long walk from the elevator to the room, and another long walk from the hotel to the strip.Overall, the hotel isn't bad at all :-)
4	Penthouse was large and modern - see pictures. Free soda and water, a definite plus after long nights. limo rides also don't hurt.
4	This is my favorite casino/hotel on the strip!Even the basic rooms are gorgeous and super clean... the casino floors are well ventilated and you can't smell the cigarette smoke at all.  The pool area is new and spacious, everything about this hotel just seems fresh and inviting.I would give it 5 stars except for 2 very important factors:1. The buffet here is BLEH!  Limited variety and the food is... eh.. drab.2. I NEVER WIN HERE.  I'm not sure what it is... the slots seem tight and the table games... ugh...This is my go-to spot if I want to relax in Vegas, I always end up going down the street for gaming though!
5	I've visited and stayed at some of the best hotels on the strip, and as far as I'm concerned, Aria is right up there (not to mention it was less expensive than all of the other top rated hotels for the same weekend). I mean, they have their own branded scent for shit's sake. There's no cigarette or dirty hooker stench to be found, which makes the world of difference. The location is prime - right in the City Center, with amazing shops and restaurants close by, regarless of what you crave. The staff is extremely accommodating, room technology is top notch, and the beds are RETARDED. We nearly didn't do anything all weekend because the bed was so perfect.And I absolutely cannot believe people ding Aria for losing in the casino.Really?
3	The brunch buffet on a Sunday was about $26. For an extra $5 or $10 (I can't remember the exact amount) you can have bottomless champagne, but you need to mention that when you pay. We found that vital piece of information out AFTER we paid, but the waitress was kind enough to let us in on the deal upon ordering our drinks. As far as atmosphere, I enjoyed the vibe. There was a lot of nice lighting, not too harsh nor too dim, perfect after a night of heavy drinking and/or gambling. The colors are soothing and there's huge windows that let you see life outside the casino/hotel. The booths are comfortable enough that my friend decided it was safe (and okay) to lay down on the un-frumpy cushions in between plates. Food is basically sectioned off by genre: seafood and sushi, breakfast, meat, dinner, Asian, desserts, etc. Food wise, it was OKAY, hence the 3 stars. The crabs are pre-cracked which I loved, but other than that the food was not all that special. Also, they don't serve mimosas. What!? They have champagne and orange juice, but they don't serve the two together in a glass. Several of us ended up ordering juice and poured it in our champagne glasses ourselves. (*Sidenote: If you decide to take on the self-made mimosa, it's best to use a spoon to transfer juice into the champagne if you can't pour quickly enough.) If you have a car or are willing to take a taxi off the strip, I suggest The M Buffet at the M Resort. If not, this place, I guess, will suffice.
3	I got my billing problem straightened. Nicholas DID call me back. All is resolved on that front.
5	If you've never been to Aria, it's a pretty nice hotel.  Pretty damn nice indeed.  Compared to where I stayed at on my last Vegas trip in college (the now defunct Sahara) and well, it's SO MUCH NICER.Part of City Center, the hotel's decor fits with the concept of the entire complex - a modern, high end sort theme.  One of the newer hotels on the strip, the amenities and creature comforts are plentiful.  Each room is fitted with a centralized touch pad by the bed which controls nearly everything in the room - the lights, A/C, TV, and the shades.  The views from the rooms that face the strip are gorgeous, and I was actually really impressed by their closets and bathroom.  Weird I know.  BTW, the in-room wi-fi should be included as part of the resort fee.The hotel itself includes several bars (one with pretty good happy hour prices!), a club, a dessert/bakery/chocolate/ice cream eatery, to-go food and coffee counters, their buffet, several restaurants, and some retail shops as well (the Crystals mall is right outside the lobby too).  The casino feels cleaner than most by comparison, and I really liked that the air didn't feel thick of cigarette smoke.  Some people might not like the vanilla-ish air freshener smell, but you get used to it quick and it beats the alternative.  I can't describe how nice it is to go back to your room after gambling without carrying the smell of smoke on your clothes.  All of the workers that I interacted with were friendly and nice...especially a couple of the girls working the concierge desk.  So very helpful!  Outside of a doorman who seemed to be having a bad morning, the service certainly made the stay that much better.  However, being a pricier hotel does have a slight drawback...if you're a gambler at least.  The table minimums for a lot of the games seemed to average higher than what you can find at other hotels on the strip (most were a $25 minimum).  If you aren't a gambler though, it's not going to affect you much.  Still, after the first time I stayed at Aria (with my own room to boot!), I ended up coming back during my most recent trip a few months ago.  I can't compare the rooms to that of the Cosmopolitan or Wynn/Encore, but Aria is pretty amazing!
4	I stayed at the Aria because I got an awesome deal or else I couldn't afford this place! I stayed here for 4 nights and it was extremely nice hotel! The view is awesome and I loved their alarm clock. The blinds will open and the TV will turn on. The bed was super comfortable and the staff were extremely nice. The casino floor is clean and free of smoke (maybe it isn't but I couldn't smell any smoke!) There was night, I totally forgot to put "service" on the door before I left and the housekeeper left me a message. And I called her back to ask them to service the room... how awesome is that? customer service at their best! haha Although, there are couple things about the hotel which I didn't like/love. It's behind Crystals/VDara/Oriental Mandarin, so it's quite a walk to the strip/bus stop. The control were kind of hard to maneuver and the lights would randomly turn off. Also, I hate their sensor shit on the fridge, if you touch/move anything, it will automatically charge your room. But when you check out of the hotel, someone will do inventory and credit your account back. SO DON'T DO EXPRESS CHECK OUT, YOU WON'T GET A SALES RECEIPT OF YOUR STAY. The lobby is kind of a cluster-fuck, check in/check out is quite a wait. But overall, I had a great stay here!
2	I have to say that I expected a lot more for a 5 star in Vegas.  The others on the strip put this place to shame.  The steakhouse was great, but that was about it.  Their 24 hour cafe was a huge disappointment with only premade meals that they heat up.  Even with my discounted VIP rate, I will probably stay elsewhere.
3	I am a seasoned Vegas girl. I have been getting spoiled in Vegas since I was 13 by my parents. I am also a member of every player's club on and off the strip so I get the luxury of trying out hotels for free. I stayed at Aria for 3 nights and I spent most of the time "trying "  to get service instead of getting it.. Check in - 1 hour, room service - 1.5 hours, getting voice mail - 2 days, fixing lights in the room - 1 day, getting a muffin - 20 min, waiting for drinks - almost an hour. The staff was half asleep and with major attitude problem ( and not in a good way)  The hotel is also heavily technology dependent, so if anything goes wrong in your room or with one of their computers, you are in for a Looooong wait to reset the whole system.  The rooms are gorgeous, spacious and the tub was heaven. The bakery is another thing to die for. Be prepared to work that morning muffin off while you get to your room though. The room's tower has ONE elevator and you have to walk for what seems like a mile to get to a room there. The location of the hotel is priceless though. IT is connected to Monte Carlo hotel and to Bellagio through a free tram. If you want to walk to the MGM or Planet Hollywood, it is a short walk through the strip. I walked it all in heels, so it is a nice checked walk. The buffet at the Aria is pretty good, $43 for TWO during brunch. Good selection. Try a banana cake if you get to the buffet. I will stay at Aria again, but if I have to ever pay for it, I will get to know the manager up close and personal because the service is absolutely horrid for the money people pay. Also, beware of the taxi line. The hotel has too many exits and entrances ( which is great for getting around to other hotels and the Strip), the taxi line is only at one entrance and sometimes when the girl is late , she gets frustrated to find the right entrance for the taxi line. There is also a mandatory resort fee of $20 -23. It pays for your newspaper, wi fi and an airline ticket printout. You are also entitled for 2 free drinks per room at their local bars. Be sure to ask for the coupon at the front desk.
3	35+minutes to check in at the lobby was mind-numbing. Ending up being given room with 1 king instead of 2 queens "because of expedia.com". Would have been nice of front desk lady to tell me that before I got up there though, because....I was given a new room right away, & went directly down to it, but the key transfer did not work. . . . I spent 25+ minutes in hall waiting for the security officer.  He did not have my 3 new keys as front desk told me he would. Waited in room another 15+ minutes for keys to be delivered as promised. Of course they couldn't get that right either, because only 2 arrived.Room was nice enought to make me forget about my 2 hour hell-acious check-in process though.Pools are not designed for kids. The three shallow egg-shaped pools had the boys yawning & asking to go to the Monte Carlo again. Buffet is a good value comparable to what we saw and paid elsewhere. The gourmet dinner comes with 1/2 lobster.Had I not booked thru expedia I may have not had all the bad experiences I did, so I'd like to think I will give them another shot. You just can't beat the view from the all glass walls facing the strip, the modern styling, free wi-fi, and that universal remote that works just about everything in the room.Hotel= 5 star for adults, a little less if your bringing kids, it isn't really designed for them much other than it is less smokey that most.  They ARE smoking, the ventilation is just 5-star. Employees=2.5 star.
2	My husband and I stayed here during the Memorial Day weekend.  Overall, the hotel is very nice--rooms are well appointed, nice big shower with a bench, dark wood cabinetry, plenty of space to hang and store your clothes.  Also a cool thing in the room was digital, from opening the curtains to turning on the AC to turning off the bathroom lights, even turning on the light for housekeeping!The room is small and so is the bathroom.  It's nice there is a separate area for the toilet, but it's separated by frosted glass, which by the way, you can still see through.  It was a good thing it was just me and the hubby.  I would not recommend this room for a group of people.However, this hotel (like all the other hotels in City Center) is very far from the other casinos like Caesar's Palace or Venetian.  Even if you want to walk to Planet Hollywood, you would have to walk out of the hotel, down the stairs, then upstairs again, then downstairs again.Another downside to this hotel was that on our 2nd night staying there, housekeeping never made up the room.  We left the room around 11 a.m. on the 2nd day we were there, came back around 3 p.m. and found the room was not made (even though the light for housekeeping was on the whole time).  I figured, it's only 3 p.m., and we're leaving in a couple of minutes so no big deal--our room will get serviced later when we get back.  Around 7 when we returned, still nothing.  I finally had to call the front desk and let them know.  They immediately asked if I had the service light on, and I said yes, "All Day."  She said she would let housekeeping know right away.  My room was eventually serviced, but you would never expect something like this at the other hotels (like Palazzo or Bellagio).Overall, it's nice to stay at the new hotels but there are nicer hotels with better service on the strip.
2	Look wonderful but needs better customer service.  This place is all about nickel and diming you!  For example if you get a room @ $80 a night, they have a mandatory $20 resort fee, and if you request 2 beds (free at most places) they charge $30.  So your advertised $80 room is now $130.  BS!  If you want the best in Vegas go to the Wynn.
4	Smells really good in here and it has a nice ambiance. They offer the same things all the other casinos have.
5	Once again the City Center does not disappoint.  We stayed a Aria and really enjoyed it.   Outstanding Hotel/Casino Resort !!!  The service was excellent plus the rooms and suits are beautiful.  We go to Las Vegas a few times a year and on our next visit, we will be staying at Aria
1	If I could. I would  give u - 10 stars the worst gift shop stupid staff they don't know what they r doing they r good for nothing
4	This place is amazing! My boyfriend and I heard such good things from friends and fellow co-workers about this place that we had to try it out. It was his first time in vegas and my second time and boy, was it ever a nice place to stay! Check in was super easy for us. We waited in line for maybe 5 minutes before they took us on..This might have been because it was late at night as we were catching the red eye coming in. The front desk staff were so friendly and accommodating to our requests..we asked if there were any upgrades available and he stated that Aria had overbooked but if we called the next day they would try and see if there was another room to upgrade to. We decided not to because our room was FANTASTIC!We loved the electronic tablet that welcomed us and the greeting was very neat. The tablet was great to control the temperature of the room, music, tv, blinds (our favorite part was the goodnight button next to your head that turns everything off). The bathroom was very nice with the glass shower and tub beside it. Our room was very spacious-be careful of the minibar though..if you take anything off the minibar or out for more than 30 seconds, they will charge you-fyi! Our room had a great view of the pool and other areas of vegas!!The pool is gorgeous with 4 pools, one that is the adults only dance party pool called Liquid which has cabanas and chairs for rent. There are 2 small hot tubs/whirl pools but it was so hot, i couldn't imagine seeing anyone sitting there. The pool area does get busy but there are so many chairs around that you are bound to find a spot. To get to the pool you have to bring your room key and its on the Promenade Floor.There are a few restaurants in Aria-we only tried Jean Philippe Pattiserrie which was very yummy! We basically had breakfast there every morning (probably not the smartest thing since it cost us about $25 for 2 sandwiches) but boy were they yummy! We had the breakfast buffet at Aria which was about $15, not too shabby, they had a bit of variety.Their casino area just didn't do it for me..Don't get me wrong, its a nice place, but there are many other vegas hotels that just give you that 'viva las vegas' feel and aria just didn't make the cut in terms of the casino..this is why i'm only giving aria a 4..actually i'd give them a 4.5..Go play the price is right game-its a lot of fun when you can get  the showcase showdown or play the games such as hole in one. Also! there are cocktail waitresses that come quite a bit so be sure to get your free drinks before you head on out! =)Overall, Aria was an amazing place to stay..the housekeeping staff always greeted us wherever we were and everyone seemed so friendly to help us out or even chat with us. The bellhop guy outside of aria was super friendly!!! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone as it is a great location and there is a tram that connects to monte carlo, crystals and bellagio..I can't wait to stay here again!!!
4	I stayed at the Aria after getting a great deal for a 2 night stay. Upon arriving at the hotel the scale and high end finishes are evident with the sweeping waterfall that greets you at the entrance and the massive lobby.Check-in was friendly and efficient. Entering your room is a trip - music turns on and the blinds sweep back to reveal a view of Vegas. Our room looked out on the Vdara and not the strip, but still provided a great view. We ate at several of the restaurants and found them nice - albeit expensive. The pool area is also great.
3	Overall, I enjoyed my recent stay here at Aria. Having a major sweet tooth, I melted at the fact that the patisserie was right next to the guest elevators, +1 star already. Finding our room was a bit puzzling. The hallways kept breaking into multiples and there were so many numbers. Why must they put the floor number as well? The room was great though, along with a spacious bathroom. I don't like the fact that everything is glass. If you're staying with family, it's time consuming to have to wait for one another to get ready. The shower head flow was great though. I'm a bit of a stickler for that considering I have long, long, hair and slow water will take forever to clean my hair! Additionally, I did not fancy the "universal remote" as much as everyone else probably did/does. I like that we can set an alarm for the curtain to open as well as for the tv to turn on to a set channel. I believe the curtains woke me up rather than the tv, so maybe I should up the volume. I was a bit disappointed by the mini-fridge. I couldn't put anything (the sweets I bought downstairs) in there! The switches in the room were a bit confusing as well (you can't tell which switch is for what) but I did like the privacy/service buttons as opposed to little door hangers. One of the days, we ordered room service. Why is it listed as "Wonton Noodle Soup" if there is no noodles in it? So broth, a shit load of vegetables and about two wontons? Not worth the, I believe, $22? We also ordered french toast which was extremely good; however, the soup, very disappointing... -1 star. Downstairs, after all the children have gone asleep, was lively. The blackjack tables were almost always full... bummer. But hey, I'm not a big gambler. But, I did enjoy the complimentary drink vouchers we were given for staying at Aria. I also like the fact that it was connected to the CityCenter. Although it was a nice stay, I'd rather stay at either Wynn or Cosmo.
5	Love love love this hotel! First off...it smells so good! Seriously! Even with all the smoke, food etc. Aria has this very distinct pleasant smell throughout the casino and it is a minor detail that I never paid attention until I stayed there! It's in a great location! Plenty of restaurants. Plenty of sexy bars & lounges. Nice decor and art throughout the building. The room was amazing, love the all in one remote, decor and color scheme. The bed was VERY comfy! The service was great, Valet was fast and friendly.  I honestly don't have one complaint. While walking the strip and going through other hotels, I did not see one that I'd pick over Aria. This will definitely be the hotel I stay in for future trips!
4	for the new prices and all the fix up at this hotel i am changing my rating...  and cause i love the name. i named my dog Aria so i couldn't stay mad for long... i would go back...
4	The first time I stayed at the Aria was this past weekend for July 4th, and it was a great experience.  I liked the aroma marketing, (it smells vanilla-y from the moment you step inside the lobby) modern feel, and how everything in your room is remote controlled.  Even the alarm clock was nice!  The staff were friendly and attentive.  The room service food was delicious, usually the food at hotels is so-so but I really enjoyed their food.  We got housekeeping service one day and our things were so neatly put together and everything was fully restocked.  There is a wide selection of restaurants and it's attached to Crystals Mall.  I really enjoyed my stay here and would definitely consider coming back here again. :)
1	ONE OF THE WORST EXPERIENCES I HAVE EVERRRR HAD. The Good.... When I first arrived I fell in love with the place. The employees were super nice (AT FIRST) and were constantly greeting you. The casino area actually smelled good, there was a scent all over the lobby and casino area.....huge plus for me....We came in groups and had reserved two rooms. We requested connecting rooms but it was not available at the time of check in and since it was not requested ahead of time it was no big deal. However, they did agree to reserve a room on the same floor as mine so that when my cousin and friends arrived her room would be ready to go. I really liked the decor and ambiance of the place overall. The rooms were very clean and put together. I really do have to say that I liked the all in one remote that controlled everything in the room. The pool area is amazing and huge with several pools to hang out at. Before I get to the BAD I would like to mention that the Cafe Vettro at Aria was amazing (even for a very picky person as myself). We ate there a couple times and will definitely be back for more. The Bad.... Once our second group arrived a couple hours later they were advised that there were no rooms reserved on the 19th floor (same floor as mine) and the only thing available was a king size bed on the 15th floor and two queen beds-smoking on the 11th floor. Before our second group arrived we were guaranteed the second room on the same floor and even received confirmation from their manager. After listening to lame explanations from the front desk and their worthless supervisor we took the room on the 11th floor room since the room on the 15th floor was king bed only. We definitely did not want a smoking room since I can not stand the smell but we had no other choice since Aria screwed us over already. Anytime we wanted to go to each others rooms we had to take the elevator all the way down and take a different elevator due to the floor difference. Now to the PLAIN OLD UGLY......... To make matters worse we were in our room and other people opened our room with a room key to get in. The stupid front desk had assigned other people to the room we were reserved under. Thereafter, we left our room as we were assured by front desk that it was taken care of. The whole mix up was that they had assigned us to the room on the 15th floor even though we told them we do not want the room with the king bed. We were once again told everything was okay but to our surprise when we returned our room keys did not work. We once again went to the front desk and spoke to a rude manager. The manager informed us we were STILL listed to be on the 15th floor not the 11th. We were once again advised that things were taken care of and we were assigned to the room on the 11th floor. Things did not end here. Saturday night I went up to the room drunk and ready to knock out and of course they messed up again....At this point I was no longer surprised. My card did not work again. I called front desk and they called security up but since the room was under my cousin's name I was not able to get in. The room on the 19th floor was under my name and the room on the 11th floor was under my cousins. Security then informed me the worst that they had once again given key cards to our room to other individuals to check in. Those people found luggage's and called front desk. I do not appreciate strangers going thru my stuff or looking into our room. Front desk then sent over security to go thru our stuff to find ID's then the room was completely locked out with our stuff inside. We had requested that our names be placed under each others rooms but we were advised that it should not be a problem.....WELLLLLLLL....IF WE ONLY KNEW HOW INCOMPETENT THESE EMPLOYEES WERE....... I then decided to make a scene to hopefully get these so called employees to work and me into my room. After I called the manager and yelled and told them that I will wake up everyone on my floor and cause problems they agreed to hear me out. I advised these idiots that I can open the safe and pull out my checkbook with my name on it they agreed to let me in hours after I wanted to get in....At this point I was no longer drunk..... Just when we thought we were done dealing with screw ups .....came more trouble. During checkout we were advised that we were supposed to leave on Tuesday and they were not sure why we were checking out early. We were checking on the right day and did not want to spend another night there. I understand this hotel is new but it has been over a year and I have never had this type of horrible service ever in life. It was one thing after another and it was never ending. My birthday weekend was ruined thanks to Aria. I was so excited to stay here but within hours of arriving I was so disappointed. I WILL NEVER...REPEAT....NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL EVER AGAIN....
3	The rooms themselves are wonderful with electronic controlled curtains that can open and close by the touch of a button. All the floors had a pleasant scent to them (almost like body spray). I had a friend who injured himself at another hotel, and the employee sent over was much more caring and helpful than that from the other hotel. My only complaints of my stay here were that the slot machines do NOT pay out well here. I played for about 3 hours and lost a lot. Secondly, the people who work the morning shift on the game floors were not pleasant at all. I had trouble with a machine that wouldn't print my voucher, and my service button wouldn't work. I went to the help desk, and the manner in which they spoke to me seemed like they were annoyed; not friendly at all. When I asked one of the server ladies for help, she said ok, but no help ever returned. I did not get help until about 30 mins. later when one of the managers "happened" to be walking by.  Luckily he was able to reimburse me. But yes, no pleasant morning people. Just be aware of the drink/snack bar in your rooms. If you even move them, they will charge you. SO don't touch it!
4	This place is very nice, and is not that much money.  Located in the heart of the 8.5 billion dollar + City Center project, this place is really nicely designed.  It is attached to a nice mall, and a clean casino.  They pump some scent into the air which is a disturbing trend, but women like crap that smells. Like candle places, bath and body works etc...  The design of everything is really nice.  It looks like they put a ton of work into interior design which is great.  Everything has a texture.  The technology in the rooms is fantastic too, you can hook anything up to your tv with their nice breakout panel, and they have powered USB to charge your devices without having a computer.  WiFi is good and free* (*stupid resort fee)  I had come home from a night out and passed out in the bed (which was very soft like you are sinking in) and deadbolted the door.  My friend was locked out.  I was not waking up so security helped them with a special card that can apparently un-deadbolt the door. Nice!
4	1st, I must tell you that I am some what of a hotel/travel snob.  I'm also Captain Keep it Real based on what I see.   Service is #1 on my priority list. ENJOY.I'll stay here again for certain.  I've been twice in the last 20 days and both times (different in nature) were GREAT. Service was great all-around and fast.  Call ahead (3-4 days) and request a pick up.  They'll send a limo to get you, name card and all.  The place looks, feels and smells great.  It's also not as big as it looks (good thing).  It is a bit dark but it adds a bit to the "rich" look.  Gaming was as expected, $10-15 mins during the day, $25. at night.  I'd skip Haze nite club next time.  small, mostly hotel guests (which could work for you).  They seem to have great celebrity guests on the regular but I just wasn't feelin' it.  Not quite the Bank, better than LAX.  You can however, "pull" from here with minimal game and a nice shirt.  Liquid pool is worth the go.  It's small but I had a great time.  Get a Day bed over a cabana unless you really want privacy.  The cabanas are set back away from the action.  Trust me, Day bed $1000.  all-in, well spent.  Liquid is smaller than Morea Beach Club, has less topless, but better music, more lively, less pretentious crowd.  Plenty to look at.  Sam and Hailey were my hosts and they made it all easy.  The Sky Suites are the way to go,  also  room 7004 (which is a corner suite).   The standard rooms are great too.  Similar to the Palazzo, a tad smaller, but with WAY more amenities.  Bring your earphone cord so you can hook your iPod/Mp3 into the sound system.  We had a huge sub in our room, it THUMPED and we got no complaints.Skip the buffet and room service too.  They are average at best.  Check out Mastros in City Center (review later) AMAZING.This place is great if you are taking a date, having a rock-star style family (kids 10, 15, and 18) vacation, a group of girls who don't want to be overly attacked at the adult pool, or surrounded by a bunch of pasty-fat-gelatinous-shower curtain rod salesmen on a company paid trip,  A group of guys (5 or less) with a fair amount of swag, whom can pace themselves and not be mad when "All Day Jose" squirts you in the face with the Super Soaker.  Just take it and smile, trust me.
4	I like the location, and, really, the rooms and the hotel are beautiful. But we got the wrong room, with only one bed. They said the mistake had something to do with booking it online. (That our reservation said "deluxe room" but not two beds... even though that's what we chose when making the reservation.) The people checking in next to us had the same issue. There were items missing from our mini bar, which we had to explain we didn't eat. (Not bad, just felt like there were little things other hotels at a similar price range would have handled differently.) Also, they say the wi-fi's free, but you're required to pay this resort fee when you get here. (That covers the wi-fi. I know, little weird.)
4	Nice new hotel everything is remote operated I just hated when I'm up all night partying especially when the room is way at end of the hall it seems so far other that is very modern.
5	Just back from 10 nights in Vegas (3 at Caesar's spa tower, 3 at cosmo, 2 at PH, 2 at Aria)...38th trip to Vegas....stayed in almost every hotel on strip.Loved Aria...very big open and chic.  The rooms are very nice and beds are amazing....but the room is a little small.  After staying at Cosmo it is hard to compare (Cosmo is awesome with the terrace and size).We had a great time at Aria though...lots of great slots and good table limits.  The Deuce lounge has an awesome after dinner "carrot cake" martini.  We also sat in the lobby lounge and had some very strong ginger martinis.  Loved the tapas restaurant.Of the 10 nights in Vegas I only ran across a few "not so friendly" employees (So many great employees everywhere) and those not so friendly ones were here at Aria (front desk, pit boss, a dealer).  But with that said Lesley the casino host was awesome, Urliss (spelling issue) the Pai Gow dealer was so great, and Nicole the waitress in the Deuce were all so great.We would definately stay here again, but if it was between here and Cosmo for same price..Cosmo hands down because of the terrace.
5	Soooooo modernistic! My parents stayed here whenever we were in Vegas. The room is very modern & pretty! This would definitely be one of the hotels I would stay in next time I'm in Vegas. :D
4	I usually stay at Belagio, however, this trip they were fully committed, so I booked at Aria.  I thought Aria was beautiful, architecturally stimulating and chic-not the lively Cosmopolitan Resort crowd that I enjoy for energy, but I would definitely stay again!  NOTE:  Fran at the Aria Men's Store is Awesome - she is very professional and has great humor!  Thanks Fran!
3	Nice hotel, rooms are nice and elegant. Service is horrible. From checking in, checking out, restaurants, to cafes....service was horrible. The waitress at the restaurant didn't give us $9 in change and when we asked, she questioned "Oh, you want your change?" This was just one of the many horrible service experiences. Seems like they apologize for their mistakes a lot. I would prefer that the hotel I stay at doesn't make them in the first place. Overall, good hotel, good food, good rooms, bad service. I don't know how its ranked a 5 star hotel. It should be a 3 or 4 star hotel. If anyone is thinking about staying here, I would recommend that you check out the hotel, but stay somewhere else. One thing that was really good was the nightclub, Haze (which i highly recommend).
2	We have stayed at Aria three (3) times. Our favorite property in LV used to be Bellagio, then Aria was fast becoming the chosen one. But Aria screwed it up. Why? Poor service and very un-empowered staff. THE GOOD: new property, eco features, nice and comfortable rooms, interesting design, good air.THE BAD: Aria's marketing solicited us to come and offered 2 for 1 Elvis show. So we came but the show was cancelled due to crew's vacation (??). We got pretty ticked off and asked Aria's staff to give us some simple comps. Instead, they said we should go around and look for another show at another property (Aria has only the Elvis show, which went black for a couple of weeks). As a part of our package, we also got some free play. Machines were not accepting it or showing used up credit, where in fact it was not used. Staff admitted computer problems, but didn't do anything to make us happy.We called the managers - no help. They were repeating the same thing like little parrots. We travel a lot and I have NEVER seen such un-empowered staff. They have zero (0) authority to make any decisions to make the guests happy. Sad and disappointing.The property has nice and modern design but its functionality is questionable. Examples: Bathroom sinks splash water. Barely any place to hang the towel. Bathroom's sliding door is too heavy and difficult to close without noise. Your room can be far, far away from the centrally located elevators (which are fast and quiet). All these casino/hotel open areas feel more like a modern railway station in Europe or Asia than a casino. The place feels cold (not cool) and empty. It is completely different feel and touch than Bellagio or Wynn, which have warm colors and very artistic design.However, all these  design/functionality issues  would have been forgiven, if Aria had an excellent or at least decent service, but it doesn't.  We liked Aria but they blew it. We won't stay there again.
5	u fancy HUH
4	Overall, Aria is a wonderful hotel & casino. I would be happy to stay at Aria again. Here are the pros and cons.ProsBeautiful decor, stunningBed feels like a cloud.Touch screen remote for the room is fun & cool.Smells greatOverly polite staffCafe Vetro is pretty yummy and open 24hrsThe City Center Tram is so convenient...it will get you to Bellagio, Monte Carlo, Crystals, and Aria, as well as the other hotels in City Center. Plus it is free and fast. You hardly ever wait.Location - this hotel is super close to more great stuff, especially when making use of the tram.Valet is pretty fast and very friendlyGreat views from your roomCasino has a great atmosphere. Very eco-friendly, as others have pointed outThe alarm is cool.Beautiful art is everywhere in the hotel.ConsMy phone has horrible service in the room.Room service is so friendly, but it takes forever, and our food was yummy, but not out of this world. The breakfast is best from their room service.You can have a bit of a walk from the elevator to your room.That fun remote and the lighting can take a little bit to figure out.We really enjoyed the hotel!!!!!
4	I finally got the chance to stay at the highly vaunted Aria Casino & Resort.  Under construction during the big financial crash it sought to outdo all its rivals on the Vegas Strip in terms of looks, architecture, amenities, and luxury.Every aspect of this hotel is a visual treat and a work of art.  The hotel rooms themselves were quite luxurious even for the entry level two bed versions with great fit and finish everywhere.  Luckily I managed to score a discount hotel room rate after years of patiently waiting and jumped on that ASAP.For food, highlights include the Jean Phillipe Patisserie, Julian Serrano tapas bar and its connection to the Todd English PUB.  Also for those who have the late night munchies post club, they do have a 24 hr eatery Cafe Vetto.My only minus point which really can't be held as a criticism given the level of luxury, is the lack of a convinient quick fast food court.  No you'll have to walk over to the neighbouring Monte Carlo for that. Overall Aria is a great hotel that has everything you'd want out of the Vegas Strip experience under one roof.  Would I return without a discount?  Probably not, but that is the case with most of the luxury strip hotels for me.
1	hello Aria, you suck!So this is how it went down for this special review from us to you Aria.On the Tuesday of July the 5th 2011, we check into the hotel on the fly coming from another hotel.   We initially booked 2 nights stay here on our arrival.  So far so okay.  We get into our rooms after the logistics of checking in, getting our room key, supplying our guest information, bla bla bla.  Our bags were checked with the bell hop prior to checking in at the front desk so once we got to our rooms all we had to do was call for luggage to be brought up.Standard hotel stuff so far that everyone is use to.Okay now the turning point.  That was quick wasn't it?  Oh yeah.We get into our rooms and start to get comfy.  Within a matter of I say less than a minute the phone rings.  The front desk says your bags are on their way.  Wow, honestly that is top notch service.  We get a phone call to let us know our bags are on the way.Sounds fishy, yeah initially at first but we aint complaining.   So we lay down and chill and wait for our bags to arrive.  Within 10 minutes someone cards into our room.  Its our luggage right?  You would think it would be. But Nope, its another hotel guest thats checking into the room.Obviously both parties meaning us in the room and the two individuals know there is a mix up.  They were cool about it and so were we.  They would go downstairs to clear up and get their situation settled.  But apparently Aria check in staff checked another new guest into the same room as us.  Hello who does that?   Aria you do, i'm pointing this finger squarely at you.Weird, yeah definitely weird.  Whatever.  Well the next minute we get a knock at the door.  "Security"... Oh boy here we go.  Security knocks at the door and addresses us as Mr. so and so.  - We say um there is no so and so here we just checked into the room.  Security gets onto their communication system and phones in that the person their looking for is not in our room we are in and they confirm that they are present with us.    I guess a previous guest wanted to switch rooms and they thought it was us.  Weird and obviously they made another mistake.Onto another paragraph...  you see where this is going.  So far 2 strikes and we havent hit the 15 minute mark yet.   After determining we would have to dial to bell hop to retrieve our luggage we do that.  Quote it'll be 5-10 minutes before your luggage arrives.   Fast forward to more than 20 minutes, no luggage.  We dial again saying we've been waiting for more than 15m and have reservations soon.I'm tired of typing this review, Aria you aint worth my precious onslaught on you.  But I will list some additional things that bothered me.The color layout and selection in the hallways--- Way tooo dark.  Too much brownish hues...really brown - not really inviting to potential hotel guests staying there.   Food, where can we find some food where we dont have to spend 100 dollars on a meal.  No where to be found in Aria and city center.  Dont get me wrong i'm down for an expensive meal but there is really nothing outside of that unless you venture outside of city center/ aria and into another hotel.What else?  Eh, that last paragraph was pretty much bothersome too me.  We cut the stay to one night and checked out the next morning.   Aria, I guess its good for families and people that love to be confused about whats going on when they stay there.  But for the average consumer beware.  COCO Beware!We invested our time at the Cosmopolitan next, after our early exit from ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGH-ia Hotel.   Now thats where you should be staying... Cosmopolitan for deee win!!!   I do like the city center and aria for their modern huge space layout.  Good for taking pictures of the aesthetics but outside of that its a no go for ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHH-ia!Lots of ranting in this review, but also tons of great advice.  Really some important stuff to think about if you really really really are dying to stay here- against obviously wise advice.  A-hooyeah!
1	Pros: Smells GREAT once you walk through the doors.Really, REALLY, comfortable bed and linens.Bathrooms are decent, sunk in tub adjacent to shower, which is convenient because you don't have to worry about water getting everywhere.Stunning windows, views.In room master remote control system for all lights/curtains, etc.Cons:I think they need to iron out the kinks in their booking system because the room that was given to my parents was overbooked, and it just looks bad...you make your trek to hot-ass Vegas wanting to relax in your room the moment you check in, only to find out that someone is already in there?  What the fudge?  Get your shiznit together!Took FOREVER and a day to get through to the front desk via phone.  What the hell are you guys doing down there?Our room could have used a little more cleaning.  It looked like a rushed job.  I didn't have a horrible experience, but I just don't think I want to stay here again because I've had so many EXCELLENT experiences at other hotels in Vegas....bleh.
4	The amount of work that was put into this string of buildings is AMAZING. A friend and I wandered through Aria, Vdara, Cosmopolitan, etc. and were blown away at the architecture and upscale design. I also have never seen so many beautiful women that could smell how broke we were. I think its a sixth sense2 jack and cokes, 22 bux. yikes.
4	My husband and I celebrated our first wedding anniversary at the Aria this past weekend and I will say, without reservation, that the Aria is an amazing hotel and I will DEFINITELY be staying here again. The footprint of the property is large and well laid out, and everything about this hotel is absolutely beautiful inside and out. However, because of the size of the hotel and it's unique shape, the guest rooms are a bit of a hike from the elevators (and can be hard to find with the hallways that fork off in each direction) so you may want to ask a bell hop to bring your bags up for you.  That being said, the rooms are clean, sleek and modern while still being very comfortable, and have great technological features. My husband loved the touch screen control center, but it confused the hell out of me. There are 3 beautiful pool areas with plenty of chairs to go around and an unexpected bonus for non-smokers (like myself) is that the casino is filtered really well so you're not hit with a wall of smoke upon entering the building. I am also going to rave about the food because it's fabulous no matter where you go inside the hotel, although being honest, it's on the pricey side. The staff is friendly and professional and made us feel welcome and comfortable throughout our entire stay. And because the Aria is located right in the middle of the strip, we never needed to take our car out of valet.  Everything was in walking distance and was super convenient, including a shopping mall (Crystals at CityCenter) filled with designer stores and wonderful restaurants just steps away from the hotel...literally like 10 steps from the main entrance of the hotel. My husband and I really enjoyed our stay and can't speak highly enough of this place.  It's great and I can't wait to come back!
5	oh this just in, just hit the wire we missed it by one day....Hotel officials say water tests in several guest rooms between June 21 and July 4 detected elevated levels of the bacteria Legionella.Read more: http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/n/a/2011/07/14/financial/f110333D39.DTL#ixzz1SF28sCCh
4	buffet wasnt terrible, not amazing.the rooms look great.. the views are some of the best.the remote control in the room is frustratingly slow however. thats really my only complaint.
1	Please don't stay here - this place is not worth risking your health!  Aria currently claims the bacteria that causes Legionnaires' disease is contained, but they do not know for sure.  Aria has not and WILL NOT be testing all the rooms for the bacteria.  My friends and I booked several rooms for next weekend.  After we learned of the outbreak, we called Aria to get additional information.   They could not care less and quoted from some script about how no additional bacteria had been detected.  And though we planned to cancel, we still asked if there would be discounted rates considering the health risks - an emphatic NO.  So really no compelling reason to stay at the Aria - in addition to the risk of Legionnaires' which in itself is a dealbreaker, there are no notable restaurants, clubs or pool area here - - Buh-bye!
5	Absolutely LOVED my stay here! Especially, if you get a deal, which aren't hard to find online or with your M life players card, you definitely get more bang for your buck! The rooms are bigger, the pool areas are nicely kept, the location is very near to lots of big attractions on the strip, and the remote control in the room just adds to the fun! My only qualm would be that everything inside the Aria is upscale, especially food. It was rather difficult to find cheaper food, such as in Monte Carlo, which has their food court. Yes, you can easily walk to Monte Carlo, but it's Vegas, even though they're next door, it still takes you like 20 mins to get to the next casino! Either way, our yearly trips to Vegas are only going to be spent at the Aria!
5	VANILLA!!!!!!!! Everything modern and up to date.  The only drawback is the insulation in the walls.  You can hear people taking a shower @ 3AM!!!  Other than that, pretty damn nice
4	This place is very modern, clean and artsy. It had a bit of asian zen to it... Or tried to but its nice. ServiceThis guy named James totally helped me out. He was so nice. I was locked out of my room twice (the key card system is kinda jacked up) and he was so patient with me and gave me extra keycards to try just in case. I was so frustrated with their key system. He was great tho.RoomStandard roomPretty and so techy!There is a switch for everything! If we were going to bed, we just hit the Goodnight button and everything shuts off and the curtains closes. Pretty awesome.Bed has tons of pillows. A lot! Room was spacious! Bathroom had separate toilet and shower space. Bathtub and shower in same place.Condiments at Aria suck. Haha. Shampoo had no scent and felt like cheap hotel shampoo. Not something you would expect from a high end place like Aria. So I was surprised. Yes I take that into consideration! Im asian!Overall, good hotel!
5	Resort is beautiful. Do whatever u can to upgrade to the sky suites.  Pricey but very worthwhile if u are looking for vlassy sophisticated and new.
4	I was not able to give it a 3 1/2 star so I will be generous and give it a 4 stars. Ok, here is my review :Check In : 2 Stars First off, the airport shuttle bus dropped us at the BACK of the hotel which has little or no sign directing guests to the Hotel Lobby which was fairly far away from the drop off zone. NOT cool. Then we had to wait about 30 min to check in though we came on a Thursday night around 10pm.  Not cool. The actual stay : 4 stars We asked for a room on a higher floor with a good view, smoking, not obstructed by Monte Carlo. ( Folks, make sure u ask for those things as they will not just hand it to you ).  So we were given room 23045 on the second to last floor,  which is the absolute best room you can ever have if you are not willing to spend top $$$ for a suite. The view of the city is quite magnificent from that room.  *** Beware***  the room is quite a walk from the elevator (2-3min walk). As mentioned by fellow yelpers, everything is controlled in the room by a single remote which SUCKS by the way. Too many lags, 2 to 4 seconds delay, can't work for sh*t.  That issue should have been addressed a long time ago..DO NOT TOUCH THE POSSESSED FRIDGE OR ANYTHING ON TOP OF IT !! unless you want to be charged for things you've never used.  The Fridge and the crackers located on top of it have sensors that would automatically charge your room. Other than that, I loved my stay at the hotel. Do not expect anything free from them as they have this look of disgust and horror on their face when you ask for free shows coupons or free open bar tickets and all that crap. Check out : 3 stars Check out is at 11 Am though check in was at 3 PM. How fair is that? My flight does not depart till 11 at night so I thought, huh, they might just let me stay at least till 5pm or 6pm. So I called them at 10 AM to see if it was possible to stay in a bit longer. Was told I was given a complimentary extra hour to stay in. I wondered what was so complimentary bout an extra hour but since I did not want to be charged an extra $70 bucks, I ran outta there by 12:10. Btw, there is a lack of communication between Front desk and room service cuz, as expected, someone came and knocked at my door at 11:05 to ask me to check out.. NOT COOL. So that's my review. Drinks at Aria Casino are stronger than at most casinos I've visited. Worst Casino to drink at is Flamingo. That place looked cheap and their drinks taste like piss.. Though drinks are free, they do cost $$ since you are tipping the waitress. Learn how to pimp them cuz not all of them are nice.Btw, I could care less bout that Vanilla scent but females do love that crap. Go figure.
4	this hotel is hands down most beautiful of all the ones in the area out of monte carlo,belagio etc..however it is the priciest. being broke..it sucked staying in this ritzy hotel..not being able to find any meals below 40 or 50 bucks(at least). if ur rich..go here..otherwise dont. the fountains, mall, restaurants are breath taking. this place is so beautiful i literaly almost cryed wen my boyfriend bought the trip..loll but seriously...room service is cool. casino drinks are very good but dont trust them slot machines.we had a room on the 23rd floor..absolutely amazing. the remote control that controls the room sux..it hardly senses ur touch. but i loved how one side of the room is a window and u can see the sparkling city lights wen u sleep. beautiful place...jus too damn pricy..i do want to go bak one day
2	The GOOD: Beautiful newer building that does not small like smoke as most casinos over 5 years do. Nice lobby, atmosphere. Feels more like a luxury hotel than a casino. Great rooms with high end fixtures and gizmos. Very nice pool area. Large enough that it was not a problem finding lounge chairs for the family. Great fitness facility. Very nice equipment and nice layout.The Spa looked nice although I had no services this time. I upgraded from a standard room to a suite at check-in. Glad I did as the suites were great. The suites also offer an area with free bottled water, sodas, coffee, light breakfast, fruit, muffins, afternoon wine, etc. This area can actually save you about $50.00 /day + if you have kids.The BAD: Too far off the stirp for my liking. Takes 20 min to get from the hotel to the actual strip and then further to get to the Forum Shops, etc. Easiest method was to go through the Bellagio entrance, not easy. The attached mall is all ultra high-end. The best shops but as a reult, was absolutely dead on a Friday and Saturday. Must be a reflection of the current economy. Dining options were a little too high end for my liking as well. The buffet did look fabulous however but I had no time to try it out. Casino had high limits and very little play. Often say empty tables with dealers waiting for customers. Advice - have a few $5- to $10- minimum tables and  you will have aq full casino. $25- minimum tables empty never made sense to me.The UGLY: I realized on my drive to L.A. that I left some items in a bedroom dresser drawer. Several shirts, shorts, etc. No big loss, probably $200- total. My fault completely. I called the Aria to ask if housekeeping had turned this in so I could arrange to pick it up. Hotel rep said they would check and call me. No return call from the Aria. I called again the next day to see if anyone had found my clothes. Again, they said they would check with housekeeping and/or lost and found and call me back, felt a bit of an attitude or imposition on their part.. Again.......no return call at all. I found this suprising. So, next day, I called one last time and asked to talk with the suites concierge as they would have more clout suposedly. I asked if someone could simply go to the room and look in the drawer to see if the clothes were still there. ( I would think they could have offered this quick service for me but I actually had to ask ). They said they would see what they could do and would definitely call me either way. Well, you guessed it..... no call back at all. No email, nothing. Not that at that point I really expected anything. This leaves a bad taste in my mouth.For what it is worth, I only deducted 1 star because of the lack of service on the last issue alone. They still have some customer service issues to work out it seems but overall, this is a very nice high end casino/hotel in Las Vegas.I however, will stay in the Mirage, Ceasars, Venetian, Bellagio, etc. next time I come to town as I prefer the closer proximity to the strip.
2	This place is beautiful.  I love the location and the places around it.  The hotel is huge too.  I think we had a room that was in the direct middle of the hotel, so we walked and walked and walked from the elevators to the room.  Since it's one of the newest hotels, it's definitely has a modern and elegant feeling to it.I hate the casino itself though.  You have to be on serious baller status to get comped here.  I spent a few G's my first night alone and all I got was $8 in comps.  Terrible.  Just terrible.  I know I'm not a high roller, but at least give me a free buffet.  I could have bought 200 buffets with the money I dropped.  Try to make me feel important so I'd want to come back you jerks.
4	Seeing that it received a five-diamond rating, we decided to give Aria a try.  There are good room packages available on the website including a great spa package which we selected!The check-in process was not timely or efficient; I expected better.  There were many positions and agents available, however there were various lines.  Some guests who arrived after us got checked-in before we did.  While a single-file line may be "bank like," it could be more efficient and effective.The guest room is current, modern and "green."  Having everything controllable through the TV is convenient.  Upon initial check-in, the room was not very clean.  There was hair in the sinks, drawers and bathroom floor.   There were also food crumbs.  The room attendant did a great job during our stay.The pool areas were nice with three pools, not including the "adult" pool and lounge.  There were plenty of chairs and towels.  They try and limit access to hotel guests by having you flash your room key at various key points.  Nice touch and gesture, however if you have a room key you are in!While our experience was not five-diamond, it is worthy of four-stars.
2	Do not visit the GOLD LOUNGE for OPEN BaR!!!!! What false advertising, cheap drinks come with a $50.00 door fee! Ridiculous, NOT TO mention the most unpolite doorman ever!!!!! Beautiful hotel that needs to pay more attention to the customer service areas!!!! Will only recommend this hotel as a site seeing spot- not a hotel to stay..... Boo on bad customer service!!!!
5	We just stayed here on our most recent trip and I can't wait to come back to this hotel.  Some reviews said the employees lacked customer service and how it takes a long time to check in, but we didn't experience any of that.  We checked into the hotel within 5 minutes or so and we had no issues with our room, we had a view of the Cosmopolitan pool.  Each time I walk into the hotel, it smells so delicious.  The best part of my stay was the bed and pillows, it was so comfy, I slept wonderfully for 2 nights straight and usually,  I don't sleep too well in hotels.  If I can get a great deal like I did this time then I am definitely staying here again.  The pool area was nice too, a lot of lounge chairs so we were able to find seats no problem.Yes, the work to the strip is a little far but it's not unmanageable.
4	This is the first time i have stayed at the Aria, and i must say i am quite impressed. The rooms are awesome! Clean and everything's basically motorized.  The only downside i have about this hotel is that their front desk is basically busy and they need more hotel reps sevicing people.  Also when you call downstairs it usually takes about 10 minutes for someone to respond, rather than the usual 4 minutes and under.  Another pitfall is their elevator. For some odd reason it gave me a headrush when you go from floor to floor.  Other than that, it's an auesome hotel!
5	a fairly new addition to the strip with an abundance of asian restaurants ...the decor is modern n trendy...perfect for a younger crowd as well as the sex & the city slot machines
3	We stayed here on the weekend of 4th of July because we had room comps and free tickets to see the Elvis Cirque Du Soleil show. The other hotels weren't taking room comps for the holiday weekend.I really like how this hotel is part of M Life. M Life consists of several Vegas hotels like MGM Grand, Aria, Bellagio, Luxor, and Mirage. If you go to any of these hotels, you can charge things to your room. For example, we ate at the Bellagio buffet and charged the bill to our room at Aria. Also, if you gamble at one of these hotels, sometimes you'll receive room comps for another M Life hotel.This hotel is very modern, but it doesn't have much character to it. Also, there's not much night life here except for Haze. I didn't check out the pool area so I can't comment on that. Don't order room service here.... way overpriced, took 45 minutes, the food sucked. Overall, not a bad hotel, but also not a fan.Pros:- Part of M Life- Decent buffet- Rooms have blowers in the bathrooms - Walgreens within walking distance- Casino area has high ceilings- Technologically advanced rooms- Lots of closet space- Taxi lines are small- Connected to a mall...although the mall seemed kinda deadCons:- Toilet area in the rooms have glass doors so it's not that private- Doesn't have a good view of the strip- Sterile environment- Not much to do there- No iPod deck in the rooms- Curtains don't hide all the light in the morning- Crappy room service- Their 24 hour restaurant doesn't have that many late night options.- Only place to do makeup is in the bathroom. Makeup mirror is attached to the wall. The rest of the room has bad lighting.
4	Aria is an excellent hotel!  We had a nice room and everything was perfect.  The bed was nice and soft, very plush.  The hotel supplied an ample amount of towels.  It is always nice not to have to ask for more towels.  The restaurants were excellent and there was a variety of places from which to choose.  I was somewhat disappointed with Jean Phillipe in the Aria.  They charge $11.00 for a pre-made sandwich.  You cannot ask them to make it without aioli mayonaise.  Jean Phillipe was overpriced for breakfast and snacks, especially when you cannot have them prepare something your way.  The gym was probably one of the nicest gyms I have seen in Vegas. The hotel shot up further in my eyes because they do not charge you $30.00 to use the gym.  Plus wi-fi was free.  This alone made up for the overpriced Jean Phillipe cafe.  I would definitely stay here again.  The bell deskt and valet service also provided excellent service.  However, the hotel operator took way too long.  We were on hold for at least 5 minutes to try to get an operator to transsfer us to the appropriate extension.
3	I love purple, and how this hotel is decorated in it!  One of the newer hotels with the City Center and all, but watch out for the latest Legionnaire's disease (I did stay here during that time apparently, good thing none of us got sick!).Ok sized room, nothing too extravagant.  They have the club Haze, which is on the smaller scale, but it was pretty fun when I went.  You get in for free for staying at Aria of course, but it's not that popular of a venue to begin with.  There was a guy making it rain that night, and yes, my friends and I had no shame in picking up those bills.I will say that the front desk was super slow for checking in and out-it was pretty ridiculous.  Probably the slowest service out of all the Vegas hotels I've stayed at.  They were nice, however.
4	The rooms are spacious and the decor is very modern.  Each room has a touch screen control panel that controls everything in the room.  Upon walking into the room the automatic curtains open up, the tv comes on as well as some soft music.  We were very impressed with the technology in the room and the bathroom was very spacious and well appointed as well.The negative...we were in 22264 which faces the Cosmopolitan hotel and the Marquee Nightclub and Day Club.  Maruqee has an outdoor pool lounge area at night where they blast music till 4am.  Unfortunately our first night we had to listen to the thump of the bass all night long.  So I went down stairs in the morning and asked for a room change.  It was obvious I was not the first person to ask for a room change because the front desk clerk didn't question me.  We were relocated to the other side of the building and it was nice a quiet.  Other than this little mishap everything was superb.  The casino is really nice and the high light was to be able to have breakfast at Jean Phillipe every morning.
4	Only reason I took 1 star off from my review is my experience AFTER I checked into my room. We had hallway lights not working, a bathroom lock not working, a service person leaving nails and screws on the floor after attempting to fix the door, a touchpad for literally EVERYTHING in the room not work for a good 4 hours and not to mention the 45 minute wait we had for our luggage from the bell desk. Mind you these are all separate entities and issues, but overall, the star had to come off.Four stars because I got 3 rooms all next to each other with 2 of them connecting. We ordered a friend for our diabetic friend(free), otherwise $25 a night, and an extra mattress, as well as a little birthday surprise for my friend and his first trip to Las Vegas. Concierge, check-in, valet = all superior.The casino area throws me off a little bit because it's too casual. Not smokey or dirty enough. I dont know what it is. I love the casino in planet hollywood or ballys better. This casino is almost 2 years old, but it is still brand new in appearance and atmosphere.Definitely go to their facebook/twitter pages and sign up for all the email/text deals you can! Also sign up for the M Life players card for free and get awesome deals! I booked a room for $119 on a July weekend!
5	I had seen this hotel on a reality show and it looked amazing. Well, it was.Tthe usual gambling set up which I know Las Vegas is all about was nothing out of the ordinary, however,  I am not a gambler and chose to go there to see a few shows and celebrate my wedding anniversary with my husband.  This hotel is state of the art with futuristically beautiful decor. It made the other hotels, that are not that old, ie; NY NY, MGM, Luxor, Excalibur etc. etc. look outdated at best.  The deluxe double room had a most comfortable bed with giant feather pillows and a large picture window with curtains that opened with the remote control.  The remote control could be used to do any and all the lighting in the room, tv, drapes, alarm.  I felt like I was in a James Bond movie. Many excellent restaurants in the hotel, pricey but great food.  You did not need to leave the hotel for any reason, unless of course you wanted to see entertainment elsewhere. They have great pricing right now, considering what you get.  It would have been nice if they had in room coffee, but they do want to get you downstairs to the pay coffee of course. Also, didn't hear any noise whatsoever once in the room.
2	So I Recently Stayed At The Aria For 5 Days While Attending A Conference There, and I Had HIGH Hopes...and Was Totally Looking Forward To Some Well Deserved Luxury!!  I Wanted To Kill The Uber-Technology In The Room!!  Everything Seemed To Be Touch Screen Off This Super Cool Hugh Hefner Remote...Which Sadly Did Not Work......So Turning The Lights, TV, AC and Curtains Was Kind Of A Pain.  B/C We Never Knew If The Bedside Remote Was Gonna Work...Or If The TV Was Gonna (Neither Was Reliable)!  But By The End Of Our Stay There...I Just Had To Laugh It Off!  If You Wanted To Turn The TV Off...Everything Turned Off...Lights Curtains, A/C.....If You Opened The Curtains, The Bathroom Lights Turned On.....The Bathroom Lock Didn't Work...But That Was Not Really A Big Deal.  The Thing That Made It OK...Was That On Our Last Day There...There Was A Huge Sign In The Elevator Bank, Which Said That The 11th Floor Was Gonna Be Closed For Maintenance......Clearly They Needed It!!!  Hmmm...Should I Keep Going...OK...I Literally Could Not Use My Phone Anywhere In The Aria...Nor Could I Go On The Internet, Yet, I Paid A $20 A Day Resort Fee For These Services? Odd.  The Curtains Didn't Really BLACK OUT....The Kind Of Dimmed Out...Which Is Kinda Lame.  That's The Bad....Some Of It Ended Up Funny...The Good ...The Service Was Pretty Ok....Although, There Was A HUGE Pile Of Puke In The Entry When We Checked In, And It Took Like An Hour... The Coffee Rocked My World.....It Smelled Like Freesia and Baking Cookies Every Time You Enter The Lobby......And Lets Just Face It, City Center Is Just Plain Gorgeous.  Other Then Our Mechanical Problems, The Room Rocked My World.....LARGE....SPACIOUS....Amazing Bathroom and Shower.....Bed Was SOOOO Comfy ( I Was Actually Bummed To Come Home To My European Pillow Top Bed)I Would Recommend Staying There.....But Really If Your Remote Doesn't Work......Call Someone...Don't Do What I Did...and Make Your Bestie Brush His Teeth In The Dark, B/C You Turned The TV Off!!!
4	Wow, I am surprised to read all these mixed reviews on yelp on ARIA. I stayed here this past weekend and was very happy with my stay here. First, I got upgraded to the Sky Suites after arriving late to Vegas post my 3-hour flight delay (Screw you, Spirit Air!) The suite looked just like a regular room but the view was gorgeous! Like! It did take us awhile to find the safe...we even looked behind the paintings to see if it was hidden, lol. Other than that, the room was nice, clean, with a ton of cool features! I love being able to set my own wake up call by selecting the time the TV or lights should turn on, and choose for everything to shut off before bed, etc. Oh, and being able to control the curtains on the main switchboard. The only comment I have regarding the in-room technology is that there isn't a TV in the restroom (something pretty standard in most high-end hotels in Vegas). Aria, please fix that. WTF? As for the pool, I liked the pool side service except for the high drink prices. I ordered one bloody mary, and it cost a bloody $16. OUCH, they should have stabbed me with a knife instead of robbing me. The girls and I also checked out LIQUID, the pool party at ARIA. It was MEH unless you want to pay for a cabana.Last but not least, the morning when I checked out, I noticed a bogus  $12 charge from the mini bar on my bill, but when I called to contest, they took it right off the bill with no questions asked. Customer service FTW.Thanks, Aria. I WILL BE BACK!
5	I love Aria. Have stayed here several times and will stay here again next month. The rooms are clean, crisp and modern. The casino area is nice but maybe a bit ... warehouse-like? I don't particularly mind it but some may. They have THE BEST BEDS ever. Seriously, the best beds in Las Vegas.And to those complaining about Legionnaire's -- it was confined to one room the entire time; they sent that e-mail out as a courtesy. If you wanted a discount on upcoming trip because of it that's just ridiculous. If you're that bothered/uncomfortable by it there are PLENTY of other properties to choose from.I was going to take a star away for the lack of variety/things to do, but I think that I've stayed there so often that it just feels like there isn't much there when in fact they have plenty of restaurants, a pretty good buffet, and a huge pool area.Checking in does not take more than 15-20 minutes even on a busy weekend - I was just there Memorial weekend so these people saying they waited AN HOUR might need new clocks. Service is great and friendly and overall it's a very pleasant environment - highly recommended.
4	Simply, it's swank without pretention. After exploring the strip a bit more during my first trip to Vegas, I was delighted to call the Aria our Sin City home base. To me, it seemed like Vegas with the volume set on 6 or 7 rather than 10 or 11. Which was perfect. Clean, modern styling, well-appointed rooms and an overwhelming sense of calm and quiet (it's all relative, right? It's still Vegas). The view from 22nd floor suite was unexpectedly impressive. The business center staff was fantastically efficient when we needed to ship all of our shopping overflow home.
4	I was meeting very good friends from Italy so decided to splurge on Sky Suites - got a 2 BR for my family and a 1 BR for him and his wife and kid.Great rooms, great service, everything was first class.  Complimentary Limo rides from/to the airport was a blast for the kids (included if you are staying at Sky Suites). :)The only negative during our stay - I booked a poolside cabana for the day ($200) and it would have been perfect except our water cooling spray thing wasn't working.  It took over 3 hrs and multiple requests before it was fixed for the row of cabanas we were in.  Very annoying.  They did take off $100 from our charge, but only after I asked for it.I'm not a high roller so I had to pay for the rooms and so on, but all in all I was happy with the overall experience for my group (except for the cabana thing noted above).  If you are looking to get a little of that high roller experience without having to spend thousands of dollars per night or lose a crapload of money at the tables :), I would highly recommend the Aria Sky Suites.  My 2BR Sky Suite was $600 per night for a Sun and a Mon night.Aria poker room is one of the better places on the strip.  Not as big as Bellagio, but relatively large and lots of loose action.
2	I stayed at the Aria last week for 3 nights, four days.  The hotel is pretty cosmopolitan, sleek looking.  Our flight got in very late at night.  We checked in with no problem, but once in our room, there were no electrical outlets bedside and I use a machine to help me breathe at night.  When we called the front desk, they said they would come right up with an extension cord.  Well, that was 45 minutes later and by now it was 3am and we were very tired.  Finally, the service person came in but the extension cord was too short and hung 3 feet in the air next to the bed.  He apologized and said he would get a longer cord in the morning.  Ok, so if I got up in the middle of the night, I could easily have fallen on the extension cord and hurt myself, but they didn't seem to care about that.  Oh, and when I told the front desk, she said I should have "asked in advance for an extension cord."  Really?  Even a Motel 6 has an electrical outlet next to the bed!  Then, the light was out in the shower.  We called about that and they did have it fixed by the evening.  Honestly, the people working there were pretty cold.  Everything in this room is on a computer, so if you are not a techo-savvy person, don't stay here.  What was REALLY frustrating is after eating out one evening, we had a doggy bag and moved around some cans and snacks to make room in the mini-frig.  Unfortunately, I when I got home, I had a bill for $94.75 from the mini-frig!  We didn't eat a thing!  Apparently, if you move anything or lift anything at all, it charges the room.  I won't be staying here again.  I would rather stay at the Monte Carlo or New York, New York where the hotel is user friendly and people friendly.
1	Ok, I just returned back from a 4 day stay at Aria.  SO let me start with the good... It's a beautiful hotel that looks amazing. The ambiance screams luxurious... It is really a breathtaking place to be..Now the bad...I consider myself an old school kind of guy.  I've been to tons of hotel & casinos around the world, and this hotel's customer service is extremely lacking and the way that they take care of guests feels downright insulting.  My party had rented out about 15 rooms for a bachelor party, we booked the flights and hotel through Jetblue which included flights and hotel and even a promotion to a show in Vegas.  Right off the bat, we should have sensed something was wrong when we tried to redeem the show tickets by calling the number they provided and the number was ALWAYS busy! I mean we tried calling every 30 minutes for 6 hours straight.  Ultimately we had to call the Front Desk and speak with a manager to even take advantage of the promotion.  He said they were extremely busy, which is why the phone is always ringing off the hook. Really?  In this day and age and with all the money people put into gaming, you can't afford to have multiple lines for a promotion for a group of people that are going to be visiting you hotel and spending money??? OK, i let it go...We arrive to the hotel and attempt to check in..."I am sorry sir, but all we have available are king rooms, we are completely booked"... That would be cool, if I were staying with my wife, that would be cool if I were staying alone... But I am here with 25 guys, we booked double beds and now you want us to stay in a king room because you overbooked?  That's BULLSH*T! With 4004 rooms, you are telling me that you are completely sold out? After arguing for about 15 minutes with the clerk, suddenly a double opened up...  Go figure huh?Ok, all checked in... We arrived on Thursday, NO SERVICE to the room until SATURDAY, even with the SERVICE request light on...Casino?  I sit down to play, and the pit boss comes running over and says to the Dealer in a rude way "Check his ID, don't deal him cards until you check his ID", now I am happy to oblige, sh*t, its a compliment to be thought younger. However, every casino I have been to prior to this, the pit boss is really courteous and comes over and politely asks for ID, this pit boss basically demanded I show her ID and when she saw I was 30 years old, she just walked away. No Apologies for being rude sir, no have a great time sir.  Just shut her mouth and walked away.  Needless to say, I will NEVER come back to stay at Aria again.  I enjoy casinos that treat their guests with respect and go out of their way to  make them feel welcomed.  Aria fails miserably at customer service. If you want to make a comparison, ARIA is like that totally hot girl that is nice to look at but is a total bitch when you go up to her.  Stay away from this place!
4	was here in April 2010stayed in a suite, very clean, neat, sophisticated interior.restaurants in the building wasn't so impressive compare to the price.club here was very packed at the time couldnt even put my feet on the dance floor .. good thing it was free.. very nice overall
5	This place is awesome.  Most refreshing aroma throughout the gaming area.  Kind of "spa like".  Nice to not feel engulfed by smoke for a change.Haven't tried the restaurants yet but the buffet looks fairly interesting.
5	Every year I fall in LOVE with this superb hotel.  #1 in my book you don't even need to leave City Center to enjoy your stay, Aria gives you that and more,  From the moment you set one foot in the door you know you've arrived, the scent of 5 star hotel takes you into a trance.  The service is beyound 5star and all the restaurants are delicious.....Stay here and you'll fall in love as well.
5	All I can say is "Wow"! I just returned from a 6 day stay in Vegas with my boyfriend and I have to relay my experience. First of all, we received a call from the hotel 2 days before we were to leave for vacation informing us of a mistake where our confirmation email was sent to another guest. Because of corporate policy, they were obligated to let us know even though none of our credit card or very personal info was leaked. Because of this, we were upgraded to a corner panoramic suite. Why thank you! Upon arrival we were greeted by Nancy, the manager who was kind enough to hook us up with 2 buffet comps along with vip passes to the clubs in the hotel (even though we are not club goers in the least I thought it was nice). Our room was amazing!! We were on the 25th floor of a suite that was entirely encased in windows. It really was panoramic. I won't go into complete detail about the room because you can view the suite yourself on youtube. What I will go into detail about is the free stuff (hey I'm a jewess, we love our free stuff). In the bathroom I was surprised to find a disposable razor (I had forgotten mine and my honey was getting annoyed with me using his so this was awesome), shaving cream, a dental kit consisting of the most adorable mini tube of colgate I've ever seen (you better believe I took an extra from the maid's cart), bath salts (whaaaaat?) and the typical shampoo and conditioner. The coolest feature of the room is the electronic setup. I felt like a bond girl every time I pressed a button and the curtains opened to display the most killer view of the strip and then pressed another to flip on a great jazz station to fill the room with mood music. The last thing I will say about the room is the bed. Oh the bed!! If there was a way to get it on the plane, I think I would've bought it. It was like sleeping on a cloud. I thought we had the most comfortable bed at home until I stayed at the Aria. I kept asking if we could remodel our condo to be a replica of the room. Now about the restaurants. Unfortunately we were only able to experience the buffet and Julian Serrano so I'll talk about those. The first night we ventured a little late so we were a little limited on choices but thank god Julian Serrano was still open. Very creative menu, which I was hoping to experience in Vegas.  We started with the Pan Manchego, which was basically a fancy schmancy bruschetta only with delicious aged cheese. So good! Small but worth it. Then we tried the the spanish meatballs in the most delicious tomato sauce. Lastly he got the egg ravioli. I"m not really an egg yolk person but my boyfriend was in heaven. The next night we decided to use our buffet vouchers. I am for sure a buffet person so I will hold this experience near and dear to my heart. Now I won't go as far as to compare this to Wicked Spoon or Bellagio or Wynn because I didn't go to those (I did to Buffet of Buffets though, but thats a whole other review). We went around 4 so there was no line at all.The quality was great! Normally even at the nicest buffets I'm a bit wary of the meat items. Not here. The tandoori oven with the naan made right in front of me was one of my favorite parts. They had the typical carving stations, asian stations, italian ect. Pretty standard but much higher quality. The desserts are what I really have to talk about though. Chef Jean Philippe designed the desserts and they are killer!! I am still dreaming of the creme brulee which was the perfect texture with a glassy layer of crystallized sugar. I'm very picky about my creme brulee. They also had bananas foster. Like REAL bananas foster, not just bananas sitting in caramel. I had 2 helpings of that on top of gelato. Overall great dining experiences. Lastly the pool. We were given free passes to the Liquid pool lounge so we decided to check it out. We basically walked in, listened to the music (fist pumping douche music), saw that we were the fattest people there and left after we were informed of a $50 food and drink minimum. All our passes got us was in the door. Oh well, we really weren't interested in hanging there anyway.  Their main pools are very nice. Not alot of children running around which was a major plus. Nothing amazing like the Mandalay but pretty. Overall, I for sure recommend having your information leaked and staying at the Aria. You will not get your identity stolen and will be well taken care of.
1	OK if your going to spend the money that this place cost, I expected it to be like the Palazzo, NOT! This place took over 45 minutes just to check in. What the heck? The casino wasn't great, also if there are other people going with you and staying in different hotels then you can not go to the spa together. its not worth it. I would stay someone else, service is not great and that's key to me.
4	I'm a fan of Aria Hotel but I still prefer the Palazzo hotel over Aria anyday. Aria has my 4 stars for the prompt customer service, cleanliness and the lovely city center. Aria would have my 5 stars if only their bathroom was as comfortable as Palazzo hotel.
5	The Aria is a great place to stay. The rooms are ultra modern, comfortable, and very clean. The bed was nice - we slept very well.Its City Center location is really convenient. I know that everyone has their own favorite area of the strip and this resort is in one of our favorite sections. Additionally, there are trams that will take you in either direction, which is very welcome.The casino at the Aria is pretty good. Much better than a lot of others. It does not smell heavily of smoke, which I really appreciate.In terms of food, I have only been to the SkyBox for lunch and that was okay, nothing special, but it was a relatively cheap meal. We've been meaning to try their other eateries and the patisserie, but we always end up eating elsewhere.
4	Very sleek, clean and well done rooms. Excellent maid service. Very professional check in and check out. The whole place is very tasteful for Las Vegas. Wifi and self parking free. Gym access included in the resort fee together with pool (other MGM properties like Mandalay Bay make the gym part of the Spa fee, which is an extra fee on top of the mandatory resort fee). Some great restaurants and places to buy food, including the french patisserie with excellent pastries. Avoid Vitro (their casual restaurant/cafe): it is overpriced and the service was terrible. FInally, very good security everywhere, makes you feel safe from some of the questionable characters that roam around Las Vegas.
5	It's just so pretty!!Unfortunately, I didn't stay here....but I did get to chill at the pool which was wayyy better than TI, where I actually stayed. Aesthetically speaking.....simply gorgeous. It's like eye candy....thats all i can say.Looking forward to booking a room here next time!
4	This place was great! My Husband and I went for our "Mini-Moon" and had a great time! We stayed in the panorama suite which had windows along the entire wall of the suite... even in the bathroom! We had so much fun and everything was automated on the TV (even closing and opening the curtains). I loved taking a bath and being able to look at the view =)The only thing that we realized that we didn't really like by the second day is the bed. It felt as though we each sank in to each side of the bed. I did love the giant squishy pillows... which I would love to buy for my own bed.Oh, the bathroom had a bidet... which was pretty funny.
4	I took my adult daughter here for her birthday. We both loved the Aria! It is clean, modern, new, and it doesn't smell from smoke. They have some kind of nice smelling fragrance in the air. All of the employees have smiles and are extremely polite and helpful. The management must have a top notch program because you could definitely tell that each person that works at the Aria is finely trained in their jobs. The room was gorgeous, with comfortable beds and a large bathroom. I liked that everything it high tech. You can control the temperature, drapes, wake up calls, etc. all from the television! We appreciated the security downstairs controlling the entrance to the elevators. We had a view of the strip and at night it was impressive. We had two closets and plenty of drawers. Don't touch anything in the mini bar because it is all computerized and you will be charged. Wish there was more room in the mini bar to put a few of our own bottles of water. By the way, you can't find a cup of coffee or a bottle of water anywhere in the hotel for under $4.00.  Plenty of nice restaurants to chose from and many shops to walk through. We didn't use the pools, but we did walk out to see them and there are many to choose from. We ate breakfast at Cafe Vettro which was good. Had a dinner at Lemongrass, the Thai restaurant. That was awesome, but as with all of the restaurants in the Aria, a little pricey. $20 for fried rice....really? Speaking of pricey, I understand room taxes at hotels. But they charge a resort fee of $22 per day. What do you get? Free Wifi (don't need it with an iphone) a free newspaper which is not delivered to your room, and use of the fitness center. When I asked about taking that off the bill I was told that they couldn't, so now tack that on to the room taxes and the price starts to rise. Other than that issue, I would stay at the Aria again. No one told us that there is a free monorail tram from the Monte Carlo, Aria and Bellagio but we figured it out on our last day. The whole city center area is new, sleek and modern. Stay there, you will love it.
5	The modern look and feel of the City Center/Aria is marvelous. I love it all. The suits are really great too...the views are fabulous!Highly recommend staying here or at least visiting it when you're in Vegas!
5	Stayed here on my first visit to Vegas. Would do it again in a heartbeat.First, they were courteous and professional to me. I half expected them to toss me out for disrespecting such a classy establishment with my no-good punk look. That's a plus. Actually, before that-HOLY CRAP- VANILLA! There's an overwhelming scent of vanilla to this place. I don't know why. I don't know if I can smell it again in normal environments.But as everyone has mentioned-ultra modern(a bit daunting at first) rooms and an amazing bed. I hadn't slept so well in forever. All the food in the casino is fantastic, albeit expensive. The whole place is really pricey-but if you're staying anywhere on the strip and you expect otherwise, you're delusional.
1	Pretty, modern, green...but corporate and architects run wild...in all this, they forgot the customer!Very inconvenient layout...plan on walking a mile+ to do anything!  Difficult to navigate, spread out, and chicken***t delivery.  2 drink coupons on arrival...good for the minimum well drink beer or wine.  No free pours.  The Washingtons are squeezed till they scream in this place.  Stay Away!
4	I stayed at the Aria for three days and it was like Heaven.  The hotel is gigantic and beautiful to look at- lots of massive, dramatic art, giant chunks of granite and walls of glass, etc.  In one restaurant the dividers between the banquettes were made of cross sections of huge wasps' nests.  Difficult to describe, but so cool in person.  I was there for work, so I didn't have to pay for anything (except gambling, where it took me about 20 minutes to wipe out my checking account), which is extremely fortunate, since breakfast for three came to about $125 one morning.  The linens were unbelievable, and the bed was amazing.  I spent most of the last day by the pool, where the crowd was so friendly- everyone was so glad to be at such a fabulous place!  Everyone that worked there was ultra hot and genuinely warm and friendly.  I highly recommend the Aria for anybody with a lot of money to spend on unbridled luxury for a few days.  There's really no reason to leave the hotel once you get there- it has everything, and a LOT of it.  One of our waiters told us that the hotel has over 10,000 employees.   My one complaint is the horrible cell service, but then that's probably my own fault (AT&T).
4	I'm actually quite fond of the Aria.The rooms are very clean and comfortable, and the entire casino itself is very modern and aesthetically pleasing.  Sure, the casino floor is a bit dark, but that really doesn't matter to me if they're shelling out some chips to me (but that rarely happens.) Lady Luck, you can be so kind yet so cruel..
5	I don't understand why this resort doesn't get five stars from everybody ? I have had a great experience. My jaw remained dropped from the time  I saw Aria building from the distance till I checked out. Employees are efficient, friendly and polite. I liked casino layout. Tables are suited for different pockets. Buffet is the best value for your money. We tried Union restaurant. Food was great !! I would strongly recommend 10 minute back massage at casino tables. It was very relaxing.
5	By far one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. From the moment you get there your treated like a king. I suggest the Valet but they do offer a self Parking option.Once your inside your nose if over run with the soothing sent of Vanilla. I suggest grabbing a drink at the View Bar right next to the check in desk to get you trip off right. Once you get to your room you'll understand why this Hotel so so great, everything is literally at a fingers touch. The casino has a electric vibe and the drink service comes around frequently. Seeing that it's such a hot spot the tables can get crowed, it's not a bad thing... everyone wants to be there. I highly suggest Liquid during the day, the crowd is great and the atmosphere is alive. You don't have to purchase a chair or table but I highly suggest you do if your planning on drinking (they give you a minimum to spend, roughly about $100-105). If you don't want to go this route then they have a bag check.Dinner is amazing in any of the number of restaurants they offer. As for the nightlife... you can't go wrong. Whether your in the mood for a club (Haze) or just a lounge you have a wide range to choose from and you wont go wrong with you choice.I'm already looking forward to my next trip.
3	This is my third time staying at aria, and the service was less than expected. I thought that since it was a fairly new hotel the staff needed a little more time to polish up, but I was wrong. The rooms are really nice, but you'd better hope you don't have to deal with staff for anything. Not only are they inattentive to your requests, but they were pretty rude to me. Next time I don't think I'll be staying here...
5	If I was ever homeless in Vegas, I would definitely choose this hotel to park myself and my "need $$ for 'insert something witty'" sign. This place is frekn amazing. The color scheme and the decor are both ultra modern and classy. The entire hotel smells like fresh vanilla and is just perfect..none of that gross cigarette and cursed slot machine stench at this place. The rooms themselves are incredible with a bunch of high tech remotes to control all aspects of the room. Definitely one of those 'ahh i don't want to leave the hotel room' hotels. Beware though, the mini-fridge is fullyyyyyyy stocked with tempting liquor and candy to take advantage of the 4am wasted hotel guest. My will power definitely failed me on holding me back from the evil fridge. For all you gym rats, aria has an incredible gym thats right next to their equally awesome pool with all the fancy shmancy gym equipment that puts 24 hr fitness to shame. They also have an incredible poker room that's full pretty much 24/7 but the wait is no longer that say 10 mins or so for a non-tournament table. Another thing that makes Aria incredible is that its connected to the city center and a quick walk from the cosmopolitan, if marquee happens to be one of the spots you plan to hit up. There's also a free tram that takes you up to bellagio which makes up for the not so hot location of aria on the strip. Also, I dare you not to try the Jean Phillipe gelato downstairs. It'll change your life.
5	(Jul 8 - Jul 13 2011) I stayed here with my wife only because of a great package deal with Southwest Airlines Vacations. I wanted something special so I went for a 5-diamond hotel at a good price.  For $950 we received airfare, 5 nights at Aria in a King Deluxe "Suite", one free buffet everyday (for each of us) at any MGM Grand Hotel (excluded Bellagio) plus a few other goodies. Upon arrival I requested a free upgrade to a City View room and was happily upgraded (a $300-$700 value depending on dates and availability).  There was a $650 security deposit held on my debit card. If this is a problem, don't use a debit card. NOTE: they never charged my account, however; the transaction showed pending and was removed once I checked out. The staff at the Aria tried to remove this hold prior to my checking out (due to the fact that I lost my wallet and had no way to any money) but my bank wouldn't release it. The staff went above and beyond to try to assist me. BTW, my wallet was returned (minus the cash). The room is no longer called a suite and that is good. It isn't really a suite. It's a comfortably sized (not big) room with a killer bed. Seriously, the bed, linens and pillows were to die for - a great luxury after a long night on the town. Room service is twice a day. There is safe for you to use in your room. I won't go into the technology because everyone writes about it. I'll just say that the room is pimped out. :)The shower is very nice (but slippery) and crazy HOT!  We soaked our feet in the separate tub (using Epsom salt purchased from the nearby CVS). The first time I just turned on the hot water and filled the tub. Holy hot water! Seriously dangerously hot!  Make sure not to make the same mistake. The bathroom was spacious and clean. The minibar was ridiculously priced ($11for a bottle of water). I locked ours and never touched it. Good thing CVS is right around the corner. The casino was nice. Not too smoky for me. The vanilla did a good job of masking the smell and the ventilation system was doing its job. Speaking of the casino, there were some problems with payouts. The computers weren't recognizing the payout tix. This happened twice. The staff worked hard to fix the problem and went around asking if everything was working properly for a couple of days. We ate the buffet @ Aria a few times (due to a busy schedule). It was good. Desserts were great! It wasn't as good as Cravings at the Mirage or Bayside Buffet @ Mandalay Bay. To be fair, we only went to the lunch buffet. We had no problems with customer service. We weren't treated like royalty (but we aren't royalty). I received better customer service here than at most places I've stayed. The hotel is beautiful. The walk to the strip takes a couple of minutes. Then again, getting anywhere in Vegas (just trying to find a place to cross the street) takes longer than usual. CVS is right there and Walgreens is nearby. The bus route is near but you have to buy tickets at Paris.All-in-all, we had a great stay. I gave it five stars because I couldn't give it 4 and a half. It wasn't perfect, but it was awesome.
5	Re Aria penthouse sky suites: comfortable, modern, great in-room technology (all interfaces for playing your own music and video). I posted some pictures of the common room, bar, dining room. Great views of the strip.
3	Penthouse Suite - Good place to be if you having a bachelor's party.  It has a bar/kitchen area and you can play your iPod.  Limo Service is nice, takes you where ever you want to go to!!
4	I was here to attend a Sales convention and loved the place. Unlike all the other places this was not like a tourist destination and perfect for the occasion with ample recreation opportunities, inviting casino floor calling for your wallet, plenty of good food (special mention to the Thai food at Lemon Grass and Chinese at Blossoms). Did not quite like the Buffet but that could well be a function of my taste! With easy accessibility to surrounding hot spots, this was a good deal for the room prices. Advise: buy you bottle of water and beer as the in room stuff rips through the pocket!
5	Ok..... so we got a little bit spoiled this time. My boyfriend is ballroom dancer and one of his student has connections to all the hotels in Vegas so that everytime we went to Vegas, the trips were paid for. However, we would just get regular rooms. BUT, recently his student's best friend was promoted to the president of ARIA so for our recent trip, we stayed in the penthouse sky suite. IT WAS SOOOOO BREATHTAKING!!! I wish I could live there. The view was spectacular, the room was nicely decorated, the hotel itself provided so many things to do. What else can you ask for?Upon entering the hotel, it took my breath away. The decoration was amazing and I love the smell of fresh vanilla. Due to that, the casino doesn't smell like smoke at all! It was such a relief.When we entered our suite, I just had to let out a gasp. It's so gorgeous. I especially love the modern and classy, yet simple, decoration of the room. It is definitely my style. The hotel itself is very high-tech. There were remotes to control the whole room. Our bathroom consists of a shower and a bathtub with LOTS of space. You will definitely feel like a king in this hotel. Our fridge and minibar was filled with goodies and someone would come by once a day to restock. Room service was also amazing. We would leave the room and when we came back, EVERYTHING was neatly folded and placed in the right spots. I remember throwing my makeup all over the place in the bathroom because I was in such a rush. When we came back, all my makeup was neatly placed. My hair straightener was neatly wrapped with the cord. My makeup pouch was zipped back up. My papers and accessories on the nighstand were also neatly placed. AMAZING.Once you come to this hotel, you really feel like there isn't a need to leave. EVERYTHING is here. There's spa, swimming pools, hair salons, massaging rooms, nail salon, the list goes on. There is lots of everything.We only had one mishap during the trip. When my boyfriend gave his car to the valet guy the previous night, his gas tank was half filled. The next day when we got it, it was on EMPTY!!! We were pretty pissed. But I guess we can let half a gas tank go in return for a free trip to Vegas with alcohol, food, limo service, room, and show tickets all free of charge. I heard the suite itself is $600/night.If you have lots of money to spend and enjoy the luxury, I suggest you stay here. This has now became one of my favorite hotel and I think I will request to stay here everytime I go. I seriously can go on and on about this place.
5	Walking into this hotel (specifically the room) was like walking into the year 2020, no kidding!We stayed here on a Thursday night and got the basic room for $120, what they don't tell you is at check out, you get nicked for a $22 resort fee + tax... But considering the rooms are usually $180-$200, the $120 price was decent.You walk into the room, the curtains open and the TV comes on with your name on it, the Time and indoor / outdoor temps. The entire room can be controlled by one "tablet" looking remote that includes lights, curtains, TV, radio, all volumes... Pretty much anything with an on/off switch or is plugged in can be controlled by this universal remote, AMAZING. My favorite part, we set our "wake up call" to be the curtains opening, the lights coming on and the TV coming on... SO COOL! The bathroom was pretty standard, but stone everything...PROS: Room control, modern look, location on the strip, 3 free pools and the bed was really nice and soft!CONS: Wait time at check in (15 minutes), high resort fee, prices for things in the hotel were steep ($6 for a coffee), overall hotel cost was high (~ $140 after taxes and fees).I would probably come back here, but not for the standard rate... But it was sure fun to do it once! If the price was a little more competitive to other hotels on the strip ($80-$120) I think they would make a killing!
4	Appetizers at the Sky Bar. Pretty good Mac n Cheese and a ton of TVs to get your sports fill
4	Growing up I preferred the Sharper Image to Toys R Us so I completely got off on all of the little technological details this place had to offer. From the remote controlled room to the electronic "Do Not Disturb" sign to the very modern architectural sculpture design that runs throughout the hotel, this place goes out of its way to to satisfy all senses. I even noticed textured leather wall paper near the elevators. I have only 2 gripes:*The bathroom- I wasn't a huge fan of the design and there was no fan, which meant the mirror got foggy after every shower. The bed however was uber comfy and more than made up for the poor bathroom design. **The massive window that makes up 1/4 of the room was dirty and water stained. We had a really beautiful view of the mountains and it was impossible to appreciate with all the muck built up on the window. The rest of the hotel more than made up for these tiny inconveniences and I definitely plan on returning in the future.
5	I stayed here with my gf and a group of friends about two weeks ago, I instantly fell in love with this hotel. I have never stayed in a place as nice and hi tech as the Aria. It's right smack in the middle of the city center. I will do my best to not stay anywhere else!
5	Automatic EVERYTHING!This room is super high tech, and you control everything - the curtains, lights, air, etc. - from your remote. Everything worked perfectly, and they even had an outlet/jack for all of your gadgets. I was able to play my iPod through the TV...sweet!The bathroom is probably what won me over though. They have a shower suite (this was just a standard room) with a rain shower and a tub inside the same place. So what did I do? Crank up the hot water and make my own steam room...nothing better to sweat out the Vegas. Also, the shower had a bench and I always give one star for this feature. I love me a shower bench. The bed was super soft and comfy...had tons of pillows and sheets over everything, so you know you are laying clean and not on someone's yucky comforter. I liked this room better than any I've stayed in in Vegas. Better than Bellagio (by far), better than The Hotel, Mandalay, MGM, Venitian, etc. Please comp me again so I can come back!
5	This hotel is great! wide selection of machines, table games, restaurants and service is great too.
4	First time I went to Aria was on Xmas of this year. Very Very nice, modern looking hotel. Staff there was really nice and helpful when it came to checking in our bags or checking in our room. So my family we go and they tell us that our room wont be ready till 3, because our flight was early and we got their before check in time. they were really nice and very sincere about it. So we get to our room which is a corner suite. We go to the room, put our key in and what do we see? Other people in the room! with bags open and everything, so we use the hallway phone and call the front desk to let them know what we saw. They apologized and sent us to another corner suite.1. The room- Amazing, beautiful room i mean wow. the most nicest/modern looking room I have ever seen. Tv was Amazing, and the bed was comfortable.2. Bathroom- corner bathroom with nothing but glass around you, and the view of the strip, with the hot tub on the corner of it, wow what a beautiful bathroom. We didnt have time to check out the pool, because we literally stayed for 1 night and  flew back, but from what I hear it sounds amazing.I would stay at Aria again, for the right price.
3	torn between the 3-4* for various reasons but its really 3.5 overallyou walk into the lobby to check in and it smells great in that area.. loved itmy friend tried the $20 sandwich bc we were there for my bday and another occasion but it was a no go..  they brought up two plates of choc covered strawberries to make up for it though.. the choc strawberries were yummy and some of the better ones i've had in a while..we left our room for housekeeping and was bummed that they took the strawberries.. we had another full plate left to eat and was looking forward to them when we got back to our room..room: we booked a promo that included $50 dining and $50 spa credit.. just got the standard room wo much of a view..it was high tech and kind of small but had a nice, comfy bed..the decorative blanket on top and the comforter had a stain though- grosss blehhh ackkkkpools: had a bunch of good sized pools and a lounge pool- liquidfood: tried jean phillipe patisserie and used our dining credit on julian serrano for dinnerspa/salon: wasn't able to use spa credit earlier during our stay so on check out day i rolled out bed and went down there.. i remember the fine print when we booked that we were able to use the spa credit on products.. i tried to buy some products but they wouldn't give it to me and said they normally take the credit on services.. i only had 30 min left to shower, pack, and check out so i just went back to the room
3	This is my millionth time coming to Vegas and my very first time staying at the Aria for a girlfriend's bachelorette party.  There were certain things I liked about the hotel and other things that slightly turned me off....PROS:-Location, location, location!!! Located in the middle of the strip-Part of City Center, one of the newer 'sites' in Vegas with buildings, attractions, and amenities to admire-As you walk into the lobby a sight whiff of vanilla greets you as well as a rather expansive lobby and waiting area -The casino is modern, dark, with purple plush scattered about-room service is tasty-well decorated, plush comfy beds-the cabanas and the service you receive when you get a cabana is awesome: pool food was delicious; our drinks were strong; & our cabana boy was extremely attentive.  CONS:-the hotel room hallways are like a mouse maze due to the 'odd' shape of the building-their standard room is relatively small compared to other hotels I've stayed at-you control everything (lighting, curtains, etc) from a handheld device; sounds cool in theory, but in reality especially if you're stumbling back to the room at 3am a bit tipsy, trying to remember how to turn on the lights is a pain in the ass -an electrical port for the iphone is apparently installed in the rooms, but for whatever reason the standard iphone/ipod cord didn't work in Aria's "iphone port." We called downstairs to ask about it and was told a provided cord that would fit into the port was available, for purchase &#$!!-bathroom is nice but have an odd set up: facuets are one hot and one cold (our particular room had issues with the water temperature); no place to hang towels/wet clothes except for the shower door; and the tub is in the showerThis being my first time staying at the hotel I was a bit disappointed and am not sure if I'd pay to stay here again when there are so many other hotel choices along the strip.
4	Best hotel I've ever stayed in. State of the art. Great gaming and shopping. Food choices could be a little better. The Cafe sucked outside of really drunk food. The electronic panel in rooms needs a little work, but this place is amazing!!!!
3	Your top three hotels: Cosmo, Wynn, Encore... not Aria.Your yesterday's hotels: Venetian, MGM, Treasure, Paris, Mandalay bay.Your High School Years hotels: Imperial Palace, Mirage, Baily.Your poor days: Circus Circus, your car, LOL. The last time I came to LV we stayed at Mandalay Bay and after staying at Cosmo I'm spoiled... "The right amount of wrong" I was happy that we're back to luxury hotel this trip. It's my new buddy bachelor party and it was all gravy. It was so much fun. My restaurant ranking:1. Julian Serrano, 5 stars2. Bloosom, 4 stars3. Lemongrass, 3 stars4. Sage, 3 stars5. Cafe Vettro, 2 stars6. SkyBox, 2 stars7. Sweet Chill, 1 starsRoom:Modern design. Botton controls of curtains and lights. Press "good night" and lights are off and curtains are closed. No iPhone/iPod dock?! The TV remote sucks not very responsive.Bathroom has separate toilet with closed door so when my buddy dropped a bomb I don't have to fumigate the the place or shoot him up, "Holly shit, you dropped that bomb? "Bang, bang!" die bitch! I'm (sensitive to smell) I'd wait an hour after them bombs before I go in for a shower. I like bath tub and shower together I can see that being fun. Of course, didn't make good use of it. "It takes two to tango" and I don't dance solo... off topic again ahahahahah. I don't assume you girls get that right? Why you smiling? Oh you got it. Dam, we're on the same page again hahahah :D I only write because i have a big crush on you. You know that right?  ;)Gambling:It's easier to remember where gambling games and restaurants are. I think the design concept has changed. Before it was, "let's make the place like a maze so they'll have no choice but to roam more. Some get tired and played on our slots or decided not to leave" I think now there was so much complaints and realization that people spend more money when they get their wants and needs met faster.Entertainment:Haze Night club, 4 starsLiquid pool party, - 4 stars if I can give it. You don't need to go to Silicon Valley. Liquid pool party company will bring it to you.In short:Aria is pretty on the outside but mediocre when they can get away with it. Where as with Encore, Wynn, and Cosmo it's all plush all the way.   I think it was about $250/night on Friday and Saturday and $160 on Thursday night. House keeping never come in once to clean our room. This is the first. And yes, I pressed "service" button for service. We were having so much fun all day all the time that we didn't care. I do like new towel and clean room who doesn't?!
4	This place is pretty nice...  I like the super yummy patisserie inside.... the buffet wasn't so good... and the price was a little high... but it is a really nice location... it leads right into crystals.. a nice shopping center, except it was pretty empty... I don't think this economy is making it easy for them... they make pretty good gin and tonics....
5	I've stayed here for a majority of my visits to Vegas, and I have to say it's my favorite so far! Besides the luxurious nature of the suites, what gives it an edge is the lovely vanilla smell of the casino floor! Most hotels have a stale, second-hand smoke flavor to the air, sometimes so strong I get a headache. Aria on the other hand, smells clean and new every time, and I have no problem hanging around the casino or eating at the restaurants.I also love the diversity of the pool environment. You can go to the party day club, Liquid, or just chill and get your tan on by the pools or in the cabanas. I've never had an issue with poor customer service either. The staff is friendly, service is fast and quality is great!
4	Aria is my go-to when I need a nice room at a reasonable rate and the other tier one hotels are overcharging for whatever days I'm staying. They run specials through M-Life regularly and you can usually pick up the standard room for $1.5 + some change even on holiday weekends. Can't give Aria 5 stars though since the casino is lacking, Haze and Eve both suck, and because one of my asshole friends always manages to simultaneously turn on every light & open every curtain in our room using the god-awful room automation controller on the rare occasions when I'm actually trying to grab an hour or three of sleep in Vegas.
4	I stayed here for NYE and it was amazing the rooms are super nice and everything is controlled with a big tv screen remote that was pretty cool!! The bathroom was very nice i like how the shower was separate from the toilet and the shower was big u can fit like 4 people in there that was awesome!! And the room service was great... good food specially breakfast i thought it was cool having steak with eggs for breakfast yum:) they have a really nice pastry spot down stairs and it was delish! Aria is just a great hotel and i would stay there again:)
5	Got a great deal on Jetsetter.com for a 3 night stay at the Aria!As soon as we stepped foot into the hotel, I already knew I was going to like it here.The rooms are nice and everything is automatic. I LOVE the fact that you can press one button (the goodnight button) and everything in your room shuts off.Aria has some amazing restaurants to choose from.The pool area is nice but they lack on service when ordering a drink. Took forever and not enough servers to handle all those people.This hotel is expensive and it's expensive to gamble but the whole atmosphere is great, beautiful hotel!
4	Unbelievable hotel, terrific decor, casino floor, and restaurants, and top notch service in the heart of City Center!We came out here for a bachelor party, with the bachelor and best man cooped up in one of their nicest suites - our first stop for pre gaming before we headed out.  The suite (and all rooms for that matter) are neatly  appointed with modern amenities, including split shower/tub stalls, floor to ceiling windows, and complete Control4 automation.  If you so chose, you could wake up to curtains opening, TV powered on to CBS, and a variety of lighting settings to top it off.  EVERYTHING was connected/automated and easy to use, whether you reached for the wall light switches or if you wanted to dig through the menus on the bed side touchpad.While in Vegas, we dined at the on-premesis Jean Georges steakhouse, with our party seated at their private chef's table, but I'll save that excellent experience for another review.We ran into a few hiccups here however - first, our room's carpets were wet (practically soaked) upon check in.  A call down to the desk revealed that they actually shampoo their rugs in-between reservations, but unfortunately, ours wasn't dry yet.  They changed our room and added another $50 credit to our room account.  In our new room, the safe and curtains did not work correctly.  While they fixed the safe, the curtains were never fixed.  Since they were motor-driven and automated, we had no way to manually open and close them ourselves, so it took several button and a few minutes to simply open/close the blackout curtain.  Service was friendly throughout, but I guess sometimes all the technology comes with a few caveats.Table games were $25 and up on Fridays and Saturdays, which is run-of-the-mill for a hotel of this caliber, so if you're looking for cheaper gambling, head elsewhere.  Overall, for the amenities, modern decor, and friendly staff, I'd recommend this hotel for anyone seeking good location and a classy hotel room for their Vegas vacation!
4	I recently received an invitation to stay at the Aria which included a free weekend stay, a generous food and beverage credit, and two free VIP tickets to see Cirque du Soleil's "Elvis."  Being a huge Elvis fan (yes, really), I jumped on the offer.Aria has a number of features that make it notable.  Its rooms are quite luxuriously appointed, and the universal remote to control every aspect of the room, from temperature to drawing and closing the shades, is very cool.  The rooms also provide free wifi, a welcome feature.  Also, being a craps player, I am very grateful they dedicate so much space to the craps tables.  There are 8 that I counted, which is pretty unusual.As far as foods, Lemongrass Restaurant prepared some fantastic and authentic foods, which, quite frankly, was surprising for a "pan-Asian" restaurant.  The buffet didn't appeal so we skipped it; in fact, on a previous visit, I had the Sunday brunch and found it disappointing.And of course, there was Elvis.  I liked this show primarily for the music, which were re-mastered recordings, occasionally mixed with some singing accompaniment.  The storyline is a loose and rosy biography of Elvis' life, and it kind of glosses over the rather sad and drug-addled tail end of the King's life and career.  Good, not great.  If you're a fan of Elvis, it could be worth seeing, but otherwise probably not too different from the other Cirque shows in Vegas.On the negative side, customer service was mixed for an establishment with aspirations of appealing to high end clientele.  Many times the attitudes of the people we dealt with was just...surly, for lack of a better term.  They generally were helpful, but never in a particularly friendly way.  And at least 3 dealers I played with never cracked a smile or said a word.  Some of course were very friendly and chatty, but, again, I'd expect better attitudes at a high-end place, especially when the majority of blackjack tables on the weekend bump up their minimum bets to $50.  Also, a mistake was discovered at checkout regarding a charge, which seemed to have been resolved at the time, but I had to call back after returning home when I discovered the charge had re-appeared on my credit card.  Hopefully this time it stays dead.Overall though, a good experience, and I'd stay here again.
5	My family and I stayed at the Aria last night. The rooms was amazing.. The king size bed was to die for. And yes the 3 pools are lovely. We had a wonderful time and would stay again when in Vegas. Thank you Aria
5	What a wonderful experience! From valet to our last day checking out.I reserved the corner suite 3 months in advance for Friday and Saturday nights. As the date got closer, we decided to come in a day earlier and reserved a deluxe king with city view since the corner suite was all sold out. As we arrived, we chose to park our car through the valet service and they were helpful. As we entered the hotel, we were greeted by a staff member that was really friendly. Made us feel welcomed. Check in was a breeze. We went up to our room and it was clean and modern. The bed was sooo comfortable and so were the pillows! I thought this was all we needed and was going to settle for the deluxe room and cancel the corner suite. We had room service for breakfast and it did not disappoint. My boyfriend got the steak breakfast and it was yum! I got the breakfast burritos and it was huge! Time to call down to see if the corner suite was ready and it was! We then switched rooms and the corner suite was even better than the deluxe. The bathrooms was plenty big. I'm glad I didn't cancel the corner suite. There were two bathrooms. One with a bidet. There was a nice separate tub you can relax in while watching tv in the bathroom. There were two sinks and there was mouthwash, bath salts and a razor. House keeping came twice a day. They cleaned up everything and even organized our things in the bathroom. Of course, there was the pad, where you control the lights, curtains,tv, etc. My boyfriend loved that for sure. Nothing in our room was malfunctioning. Everything worked like a charm. Later Friday night, we ordered room service again. The seared scallops. Oh my god! They are so delicious! Came in a timely manner even though it was past midnight. Sunday morning came and i was sad. I didn't want to leave but i had to. Check out was fast. I would come back to the Aria again! It was such a wonderful experience!
3	Our first visit here was only a few days after they had some CDC issues - we were later to find out. Perhaps that added to the weird.The front desk clerk was not very nice, I mean, technically, nice but the policies were pretty lame and she wasn't very polite about explaining them to us newbies.They ask you to leave a deposit equal to somewhere in the range of $125 per day pre-charged on your credit card to be able to charge anything to your room and apparently, one of the promotions they were running with a free buffet a day was tied to this deposit.  Since we were there for 6 days that was TOO much money to have tied up in one place for us so we opted not to do that. It made getting the promotion a huge pain, the cashiers at the buffet had to call the front desk each time.I would have likely spent much more $ if that deposit wasn't so steep. We ended up paying as we went, which isn't good for them, that second $25 drink by the pool (granted, they're HUGE) would have seemed a lot easier to order if I was just signing a bill rather than pulling out cash or a card.The rooms, however, were really nice and the beds are as comfy as previously reported. Shower set up is in front of a large soaking tub, with the sinks and mirror in front, toilet to the side behind another sliding glass door. Figuring out the remote is tricky for the first day, then it's fine.The pool area is great though, just stay away from the one near liquid as it gets WAY TOO LOUD. I also found that by the weekend, it was too 'Jersey Shore' party central at the back pool for my liking, from about 11am and on, it was too crowded and trashy for me.The rest of the hotel is fine and good, the decor is a bit manic, but the stand out employees were the bell staff and the pool security guy, both of them were AWESOME.Still, there was an additional charge of about $30/day to use the spa area - hot/cold pools and such- since we normally stay at the Red Rock and it's included in the daily 'resort charge' this seemed lame. There's still a resort charge of $20 a day but it's just a glorified tax, it's not like it's optional.
4	i really wanted to give this place a 3 and a half but since i can't i rounded upi really like the entrance of this hotel, the water fall was really nice and behind the check in desk was a sculpture by maya lin (the same person who made the vietnam memorial) i also liked how the hotel didn't smell like smoke, maybe cus it was new, but i also noticed that above the tables the lights seemed to be sucking up the cigarette smoke.the casino was nice, dim lit with dark earthy colors it's a modern take expressing nature i guess.  the servers took forever to ask and deliver drinks. was playing craps for 4 hours and only got asked if i wanted a drink 2 times...  people at the poker tables were nice, but the craps table everyone was pretty silent and not interested in the game going on at allstayed in the sky suite towers on the 51st floor, the room was very nice. comfy bed like any other fancy hotel. but one thing that really annoyed me about the room was the lag lag lag lag lag, tv lag, that controller thingy by the bed lag.... hellllla lag -___- another thing is that the bahtroom door is this sliding door that doesn't lock. but in the bathroom the toilet was separated by this opaque glass wall that did a good job keeping the stank away. the view was alright, being on the 51st floor only got a view of veer towers, mgm,side of cosmopolitan and some of planet hollywood, so overall the view wasn't great.overal decent hotel, i'd come back
5	My wife and I stayed here for our 10 year over labor day weekend.  It was awesome.  VERY clean, upscale and beautiful.  We had a blast.  It is a little pricey but well worth it.
4	i aboslutely LOVE this place! but... they're not getting 5 stars. why? because i had a HORRIBLE experience when i was checking in. the lady took forever and it seemed as if she didn't know what she was doing... i waited patiently in line for 20 mins... and then during the check-in process... i waited another 30 mins. something like that just shouldn't happen. other than that, all was fine.i fell in love with my room... especially the king sized bed! it's the most comfortable bed i've ever slept in. it's sad that my own bed is no longer comfy to me... wonder if i could get away with stealing it? lol.customer service was pretty much decent all around. i also really enjoyed the fact that jean philippe patisserie was right next to the guest elevators. mMm... they'll get their own review. this hotel is obviously new, so it's really clean. i even enjoy how clean the place smells as soon as you walk through the doors. one last thing that got me... when you leave your luggage at the bell desk... you go back and pick it up. if you're heading to LAS after you pick up your luggage, you have to wait for a cab. and sometimes those damn taxi lines are insane! right? well, they actually ask you where you're heading at the time you leave your luggage. they'll note on the tags that you'll be flying home. when you go back to pick it up, they automatically cut you to the front of the taxi line so you don't have to wait. how awesome is that? that's what you call customer service!i definetely can't wait to go back to vegas and stay at aria!
5	I use to stay at the Monte Carlo every time i went to Vegas.  On New Years Eve 2010, i went to stay at the Aria. This hotel has a very modern / upscale design.  Very clean and elegant.  Makes the older hotels, Monte Carlo and Treasure Island look old and outdated.  The buffet at the Aria has a great selection of food and beverages.  The pool and jacuzzi are exquisite and huge.  Definitely coming back next year!
5	LOVE!!! My bff booked us a room for my 30th bday and we both had a wonderful experience.  The pool was so relaxing, food was good. Decor was so pretty. I would def. go back but it's just so expensive and I don't get why we have to pay an extra facility fee, shouldn't it be included in the price of the hotel?
1	I went for 7 days to Vegas, 5 days I stayed at the Encore ( wynn), and 2 days I went to Aria. I really looked forward being in this new resort. Well, Aria was the bad experience in Vegas hotels rated 5+ resort. Where should I begin? Well, the check in was a mess, we waited too long and finally when we manage to do so we needed to take a long way to get to the room (nobody thought it would be smarter to pot 2 elevators near each side?!? The total walk from elevator to our room is about 5 minutes, in hotels it's alot!). Anyhow, the room was dirty ( I upload the bathroom floor), and not well kept ( the spot lights in the shower was out!). Besides that, the hotel is new but yet you can see it's age far more beyond, that was a surprise to me. When we wanted to do room charge in restaurants we were blocked for some reason so we went twice to the front desk to ask to cancel this block, each time the representative said we are fine and we have a credit to make room charge. So include the guy from check in we were pretty upset that 3 different representative could not understand why we cant do room charge , at the end they fixed it. Moreover, this hotel is a huge place, no design, just big empty space with full of noise and to strong smell of vanilla ... Not delicate. The restaurants we tried was not top notch, very average but charge like gourmet.. So when we understood that we went to eat at the Wynn resort . At the Wynn we found some of the best restaurants in Vegas ( tapas- al cava, American and casual but taste fantastic- social cafe, wine and steaks- Sinatra.. And the list goes on ...). Last but not list, the spa!! Who is the idiot designer who decided to built the spa connected to the main pool of the resort, where the music is deafening with techno - house- music? ?? This is such a fetal decision that ruin my spa time. Imagine sitting in the spa jaccuzi,   trying to relax but all you can hear is loud basses and house music...!! Beside that, they use tones of chlorine there ( I got a rash all over my legs from 5 min in the jacuuzi), the robes are old, and nothing there was relaxing... They charged 30$ for spa, but they won't let you see the spa unless you pay first. Stupid trick!   So, to summarize that: don't use the spa facility, if you want a good spa go to four season or encore (Wynn). Well, this hotel is screaming for good management that will take care of the UI ( user interface) or in other words, to be responsible to the whole experience throw the client eyes. If I need to compare that hotel to the cellphone world, aria is like old nokia from the 2000, compare to the Wynn experience which more resemble to iphone5 ;)
5	I booked this hotel through bookit.com as a mystery 5 star hotel which you have no idea which hotel you are getting until you press confirm. I was super stoked to see that I was staying here because it's one of the new hotels on the strip. Upon arrival, we were greeted promptly at our car as we pooled up for valet. It's Vegas you gotta do Valet for FREE!Then we entered we Aria doors...Ahhh, that amazing smell of vanilla freshness and not old smelly and smokey. We arrived at 1pm and our room was ready! Alright, no waiting till 3pm and we asked for a late check out. There normal check out is 11am but we were able to check out at 2pm...HIGH FIVE!The hotel is super nice. The rooms were nice which sensors your coming because once we walked in the lights turned on and window shades opened. Wow! Oh, door sign for " do not disturb" NOT more like setting that feature on your tv and TADA!! We had so much fun at the casino playing blackjack and the dealers are friendly. Of course, all dealers are different but we found one that was really cool and gave some winning pointers. We had so much here that we got chocolate wasted at there Deuces Lounge Bar after winning a couple hands at blackjack.This hotel has so much to offer from shopping, clubbing, bar hopping, pool and more. We also went home with their hotel feather downed pillows!! We bought them  their  element gift shop for $20 each.I would definitely stay here again!
4	Wife and I flew in from Honolulu and stayed a week here in early Sep.  It was our first visit to Aria and we had very high expectations based on all the excellent Yelp reviews.  At first we were not overly impressed and were very critical of the place. The approach to the hotel from the airport with our rental car was easy. Straight down LV Blvd and a left at City Center.  CHECK-IN: There are several car lanes leading directly to the front. We  pulled up to the Valet drop off area.  No one helped to pull the suitcases out of the truck. We dragged our bags to the Valet area on the left... still no one around.  We asked where the registration desk/lobby was... it was on the other side.  Again, no one from hotel staff around... no offers of assistance. We dragged our bags to the lobby where a bell hop finally took our bags. Check in at 8pm was relatively quick and easy. The entire outdoor front to the hotel is wide open, uncongested and very classy... water, glass, etc.LOBBY:  Not huge at all. Nice but nothing special.  Was surprised to see the casino almost pushing itself into the lobby.  Almost right in your face. Had expected a classy hotel to put some distance btwn the lobby and the casino. Nope... right in your face.  Didn't realize how many people still smoke... my God, were all the smokers in the world in the Aria lobby that night? The vanilla scent helps but did not entirely mask the stall smell of smoke. Long lines for check-in... slow.  However, once it was your turn, the staff were helpful.THE ROOM: We had the Deluxe room with a city view.  Well appointed but nothing really special.  To be honest, had expected something a little bigger. Bed and pillows VERY comfortable. Open door and walk in, the curtains open automatically revealing a wonderful view of night time Vegas. However, the TV comes on and was blasting music.  Took me my first 10 min in the room to figure out  just how to turn off the music using the keypad.  No hooks in the shower for robe or towel. Had a towel rack on inside of shower door, but it you took a shower, your towel would get soaked.  Sink had no drain stopper... so when I shaved, I could not fill the sink up with water. Had to leave the water running... guess there must not be a water problem in LV?WIFI:  Free in entire hotel complex. But a very weak WIFI.  IPhones could pick up WIFI in room but was very very SLOW.  Only place WIFI seemed to work was in the lobby.  Fortunately, we brought our laptop which worked fine in WIFI in the room. GYM:  Great....!  But closes at 8pm so forget about a late night PT.POOLS: Great. But doesn't  open until 9am... so forget about an early morning swim.BUFFET BREAKFAST:  Tons of food... think I gained a few pounds during our week long stay.  Western and Asian foods... no complaints here.  However, had to order coffee and juice from waitress.  Not real fast... Would get my food first and start eating. Amost done with breakfast before the coffee and juice would arrive. You get my drift.COST OF BUFFET BREAKFAST: My hotel reservation was booked on a promotion that adversied complimentary buffet breakfast (max of $40). I thought my wife and I were entitled to a complimentary bfast each morning during our stay. Wrong... only the first day. So I was surprised to see breakfast charges on my bill for every day.  Perhaps I misunderstood... I have stayed at plenty of 4 and 5 star hotels in Asia and the buffet breakfast ALWAYS comes free for the length of the stay. Not here. Anyhow, my bad for not asking directly if it was for every day. I received a $50 credit when I complained.CHECK OUT:  Easy... arranged with bell desk to have bags picked up at a certain time. Called down in advance to Valet to have the car waiting. Bell desk picks up bags and delivers them to Valet pickup area. A bell hop waits with the bags and puts em in the car when you depart.  OVERALL:  We were critical at first but came to like this place after visiting Venetian, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Bellagio, etc. Each hotel has something to offer and each is different in their own way. Other than the lobby, Aria is open and uncongested. Valet is away from main lobby and uncongested. It is clean and modern and has a Air Conditioned waiting room too.  I would stay here again and would not feel guilty about letting the water run in the sink without a stopper.
2	I haven't stayed at ARIA, but as a local it's never been on my list of properties to staycation at. With all of the hype surrounding City Center when it opened, I guess I expected more out of ARIA, but was absolutely underwhelmed when I visited. It offers nothing new, unique or special and for a property of the MGM Resort Int'l I expected better, but I guess it's easy to get complacent when you already have five diamond award wining properties. Things I like about Aria:- Collection of restaurants-I've only been to American Fish, but they appear to have a nice selection of fine dining restaurants that I'm interested to try out- Quick access to rest of City Center: housed in City Center is a cool little art gallery called CENTERpiece, definitely worth a look as well as a Chihuly gallery. Things I don't like about ARIA:- Wacky entrances: this place could not be more confusing to access- Poor parking situation: the garage is tiny and you're better off parking valet- Haze: if you've been, you know. The place is terrible which seems to be a recurring theme with Light Group restaurants/nightclubs- Boring, unidentifiable design: Look, it's no secret a lot of money was dumped into the place, the least they could've done was made the inside of the casino identifiable in some way.-Legionnaire's Disease: oh didn't hear about that one? Go google it. Apparently the property was harboring strains of it. Overall, this place might as well be just another off-strip property that cheap locals and bargain-hunting tourists go to. Except it's not. It sits on prime real estate in competition with other luxury properties and is in no way actually in competition with these other properties.
3	Can't complain, overall a good stay.  There is nothing special about this place.  The rooms are comfortable, staff friendly.  I didn't really try any of the restaurants. I was a bit annoyed that they charge $35 a night for a roll away, that seems a bit high when I could have gotten a double room for an extra $30 a night.  Resort fee is lame, but all the big places include this charge.   I would stay again if I got a really great deal.
4	YES! I love Aria. One of the newer hotels on the strip, Aria was an incredible venture that took years in planning. Since my aunt travels to Las Vegas multiple times yearly as a professional gambler, she receives VIP invitations - and EVERYTHING is comped. The hotel: catered to the stylish and hip crowd under 50, Aria was designed to impress, and be luxurious. It doesn't fail with scent machines pumping in a light fragrance, amazing bathrooms with floor to ceiling doors (30 foot ceilings) and an excellent staff with a VIP Host that was amazingly attentive. The crowd: young, trendy, and ready to party!The gambling: all sorts of tables and machines available, with 3 VIP gambling rooms.Chinese people (and others) hold a strong belief in "Feng Shei" which is balance and harmony. This hotel - and many others, were specifically designed in favor of the hotel. The entrance to the VIP Baccarat room - and the exterior of the hotel, has 2 huge, giant pillars that are in a V shaped formation, with the idea that the house will receive, and capture all monies coming into the hotel. Notably, all seasoned gamblers I came with were familiar were very aware of this, and chose to not spend a large amount of money. And they lost. However - this place has excellent style and energy, with several choices of dining. I loved the Vietnamese inspired cuisine, and I tend to dislike Pan Asian foods - but this was kind of amazing. Huge Elvis statue inside, with plenty of good looking people to watch wandering the hotel.
3	I don't know if bad customer service is a result of being one of the new hotels on the strip, but it is certainly bad at Aria.The front desk doesn't have one big line, it is on a first come, first served basis. I went to one of the shorter lines thinking that I scored. NOT! Apparently the couple ahead of me were having an issue with their room which took some time. I stood in line for 30 minutes (all the while seeing people who came 15 minutes after me check in before me!). Finally after getting up to the counter, the rep doesn't apologize for the wait, despite seeing me stand there for 30 minutes with no acknowledgment.We get up to the room and it's really big! Relieved that I'm finally in my room, I start taking a look at all the amenities inside. There is an Audio/Video panel that has all kinds of ports: USB, S-Video, internet, etc. There is even an iPod/iPhone input...awesome! So I get out my cable to play some music, and then I realize that the input isn't compatible with the iPod USB cable. So I look through the manuals on the table to see if I'm missing something and it doen't say.So I call the front desk to ask, and the girl said she doesn't know and transferred me to their IT line. The person answers and we have a very uncomfortable exchange until he realizes that I'm a guest and not an employee. At this point he said that they only assist staff and not guest issues...so I have to call the front desk again. Ugh......So I call, again, and I reach another person. He said that in order to use the iPod connectivity in the panel, you have to go to the gift shop and buy a proprietary cable for $15. Are you serious?! I really hope that they haven't made anything off their little scam; I can't understand how they can expect anyone to buy a cable that will probably only work at their hotel. At the Palms they have an iPod dock that comes with the room, for free! Needless to say, I was totally annoyed.On the bright side, their housekeeping staff is very friendly and responsive; the rooms are really big and SUPER comfortable; we had an excellent view of the Marquee as well. For the price, the room itself is great and the hotel is very clean and upscale. But the service leaves something to be desired for sure.I'm not going to write off the Aria just yet, but hopefully they don't keep this up for too long.
5	After my recent stay her for my Birthday Weekend... I can honestly say I've been made a huge fan! The hotel itself is trendy, hip and stylish. The decor is very Asian inspired crossed with a little whimsy Alice in Wonderland style! - While there is a Casino on the main floor  and smoking is allowed waltzing through it was tolerable even for someone who strongly hates cigarette smoke like I do! Check in was a Breeze! Steven at the Front Desk was very courteous and sweet and placed our room a the top floor!! - Love the Fountain wall outside. Talk about Scenic? Good 'kodak' moments to be had there.- Rooms were large, and very tech-savvy. All i know is the "Goodnight" button that shuts of everything is wonderful. The blackout shades will be the death of me! The rooms are so dark you'll have a hard time telling if it time to wake up!  - The bed... let me tell you I've stayed at VARIOUS hotels before and the ARIA bed with the double pillow top is simply irresistible! Best bed I've ever slept in... like sinking in clouds. - The bathrooms were wonderfully spacious with "His" & "Her" sinks, but in my case "His" and "His". also a large bathtub with an extended shower. - The hotel is conveniently located close to everything. KRAVE (among others) was simply right down the street! love that. - My only gripe with the place is the 12:30pm late check out! What??? That's like regular checkout for other hotels. That's weird! Other than that I will definitely be staying again when I visit Sin City!
5	I stayed here for 3 nights for a work conference. Put bluntly, this is the nicest hotel I've stayed at in my entire life. The entire hotel appears to be upgraded to 2011 technology.  The rooms are amazing with your environment fully controlled by a computerized system. Everything from the lights to the curtains to checkout  (receipt will be emailed to you)) can be done with a remote control through your massive flat screen TV. Even if you need to check out in the lobby, there are employees walking around with iPads who will take you out of line and expedite the process. The bathroom has by far the nicest shower I've ever experienced in a hotel. Only in a luxury apartment in Tokyo have I used something in the same league. It's HUGE with a separate tub and shower-head and beautifully designed. My only complaint is that the water pressure could have been better. I know Vegas has water issues so I don't blame them for toning it down.The hotel has many restaurant options spanning all types of cuisines and budgets. The seminar I attended provided most of the meals, but I did dine casually at the sports bar one night and enjoyed it. The casino is also very well ventilated and the smoking never really bothered me (I am someone extremely sensitive to smoke). This is not a cheap hotel by Vegas standards, but I've had an amazing experience and would certainly return in the future.
4	well.  Last year when we booked it, Aria and Cosmopolitan were neck and neck with restaurants and youth and awesomeness.  Then we spent Labor Day  weekend here and I saw babies, scrunchies and "elder" people here.  Except, we did find condoms in the pocket of the robes.  Complimentary or quick clean-up job?  We'll never know.I'm not saying I didn't like it, we had a friggin great time, pool was great, Liquid was great, service was exceptional.  But we've been spoiled.  My friends and I have a traditional Labor Day Girls Weekend and we have stayed at the best of the best (and some of the worst).  Lately M Resort has shown some real promise, The Hotel (at Mandalay) is superior and The Bellagio has The Bank, great gambling and Michelin starred resties.  I wasn't sure what Aria was offering that was greater than.  We were celebrating 10 years and I kind of wish we had gone to The Bellagio and did it up old school. We did give them shit about the "clean-up job" and they responded professionally and right away.  That made me very happy so Thank you to the hotel services manager.Not fond of the doors anywhere it is incredibly hard to lug luggage around and the doormen are rather entitled douches.The free wi-fi is excellent excellent as is the gym! And the touch screen in the rooms that control everything are novel, but the novelty wears off--"uhg!  I don't know how to turn the sound down, I keep closing the curtains!!" was heard several times.SO we didn't really have a problem with anything, but it didn't stand out either.  At least we got to sip skinny girl margaritas all weekend.  No harm, No foul!
5	I fully agree with the other reviews on this page, but let me sum it up and add my 2 cents.  First of all, ARIA is a lot of fun to stay in, as the casino is huge and the rooms are too.  The bathroom is big, luxurious, and reminds me of the bathroom I had living in a mansion in Shanghai, China a few years ago.  The room is very technologically advanced and everything can be controlled from your TV.   Also the room service is very complete and provides you everything you need, whether it is enough bath towels, tissues, bed sheets, pillows, body lotion, shampoo, you name it!The pool is very big, and Haze nightclub and Gold Lounge are great at night.  I wasn't a huge fan of Haze, but Gold Lounge has a fantastic open bar from 10-12 on certain nights for just $20.  You can't beat that in Vegas!  Speaking of which, the mini bar prices are reasonable and very complete in its inventory. The location of the hotel was very convenient as well.  Finally, I was impressed by the amount of security at the resort and felt safe.The only two things I didn't like about ARIA is that there involved a lot of walking from the garages to the rooms to checkout, etc.. However the hotel does a good job of making checkout very convenient (by text, email, or in person).  Also, this may be just from my experience, but the casino here is very unlucky.  I have lost all the money I bet and sometimes even felt the roulette tables were rigged.  I mean, what are the odds of 3 0's in a row then 9 reds in a row?  Apparently likely enough to happen when I bet half of my life savings on black.
5	What a beautiful hotel! I really almost wasn't prepared for what I saw when I got there. The casino floor, restaurants, and ground level are all amazing. The room was simple, yet elegant and had a lot of nice touches. We had a great view of the Vdara and Cosmopolitan hotels. The pool really deserves a review of its own. It was like a whole different place from the hotel, a lush, tropical land with at least 3 separate pools. All on all the Aria is a great stay!
3	I attended the Verizon Developers Conference this year which was hosted at the Aria. The Aria is apart of the new "City Center" and has a very modern feel. My room was clean and with the times of technology. Everything in your room can be controlled via a remote and your TV. The lights, the curtains, the central air system and so forth. It's a very neat feature which makes you feel richer than you are. I have been to several resorts and casinos now in Vegas and this was certainly more pricey than than the norm; you could tell it was recently built. When it cost 30 dollars to go eat at the breakfast buffet, I think you have a problem on your hands. While the found throughout was good, the service did not always hold up. I'll go into more detail there once I start reviewing the individual restaurants within. My final gripe comes with the vanilla smelled perfume they constantly spray throughout the hotel. At first it smells nice, but then you quickly begin to feel ill. They are mimicking the Venetian Resort which I can't stand to stay at due to this one feature. At the Venetian it is over powering and the Aria is soon to follow.Overall the place is nice and modern. It's in a central location which is nice if you like to walk and check out other areas of Vegas. As I said before, I've been to Vegas several times now and this resort didn't have that "wow" factor for me. That said, I would not discourage staying here. Overall I was pleased.
5	Tall Skyscraper Buildings.. Everywhere... Am I in New York?? No, I'm at Aria and City Center in Las Vegas!! Aria was recently opened within the last year near the heart of Vegas right next to the Cosmopolitan and somewhat across the street from Planet Hollywood. The Taxi/Limo drop off/pick up area is amazing, which leaves me to wonder how fabulous the interior of the hotel must be... I definitely was not let down. The interior consists of a contemporary look with dim lighting in certain areas of the lobby. There are plenty of chairs and even a nice lounge in the lobby so guests can sit and wait for family and friends to get ready or to meet up a business partner. Make sure to drop by Aria when you're in Vegas for some eye-opening sites.
4	I was  not a guest here, but a group of us visited here to see what the casino looked like. This place is absolutely beautiful, but that is to be expected being as it is new. The decor was pretty, and when we were there, the casino didn't smell like you were walking into a cigarette.
4	Just got back from here and loved this place! The room was very roomy and stylish. Restaurants in hotel were great when we didn't want to go far to eat, however, if you are there on a Saturday, be prepared to wait in line...unless you go to Cafe Breeze outside. This was our frequent spot while staying here, excellent Bloody Marys and able to enjoy the outside view. As a side note - LIQUID pool was not impressive to me. Looked like a bunch of Jersey Shore wanna be's and not my cup of tea. If you are looking for a chair to sit on, be prepared to drop at least $150. While I would stay here again, my next trip here will be at the Cosmopolitan instead.
5	Parking garage is a little confusing to get into. But once in great layout. Friendly employees. Slot machines pay out really well for being on the strip. Lots of nice shops and prices aren't bad.
5	Been to Vegas six times now, the last three times I have stayed at The Aria and there's a mighty fine reason why, it's good. Very good. Room - I've stayed in the standard deluxe room twice and the 2 bedroom penthouse.The rooms were always clean and tidy, contain alot of mod cons (an ipad style control for the curtains, lights and tv). The rooms are plenty big enough and the decor is nice and neutral. Lobby - mixed bag here really, depends when your staying. The queues can be long and slow moving at both check in and the concierge desk which was the case over spring break and summer, of they can be just a few people deep. They have plenty of desks though and the staff are always pleasant enough.Casino - all the usual table games are accounted for here as well as a huge number of bandits, there's a partially secluded poker room and a number of bars and eateries along the outer walls. Again, the casino is tidy and not tacky like alot of other casino floors on the strip. It's also well lit and not as much as a labrynth like the Bellagio or the Venetian.Pool - the pool area is great, three seperate pools and  numerous jacuzzi's mean there's plenty of room to have a dip, even at peak times. Food and drink can be expensive but it's a great spacious place to chill in the Sun until it closes at 6pm.I recommend this hotel to everyone I know if they go to Vegas, I'm yet to encounter any problems and the hotel is situated in a great location, it's basically shifted the centre of the strip to where it stands. I saw the Elvis Cirque show here too, I'd rate it 3/5 and would recommend seeing 'O' or 'Mystere' instead. The clientele here usually sway towards the upper class and you don't get many drunken muppets, well, until I'm back next February  :D
5	We got a great internet price which helped us decide on Aria for our latest trip. I'm glad we did! The rooms are really nice and the bed is beyond comfortable. Great restaurants, room service, and awesome pools. But the thing that puts Aria above other hotels in Vegas for me is the service. Every single employee was warm and friendly on top of being competent. I loved our stay this past weekend. Can't wait to visit again.
4	I was blessed with the privilege to stay in 2 rooms simultaneously. One being a standard 2 queen bedroom and the other a suite. The standard room was located on the 15th floor and the suite on the 51st on the other set of elevators.Overall, Aria is worth a visit. I was here during fight weekend and the place was packed. For such a large hotel, the valet service is extremely fast even without calling in advance. There are 2 locations to pick up your car so be careful to walk to the correct location. The suite came loaded with a living room, dining room a 1/2 bath and an office in the guest quarters and the bedroom in rear. The master bath had a HEATED toilet seat. I never want to sit on another cold one again. My first experience with a built in beday with pressure monitor included. Hmm, I'll pass. There were also several telecommunication ports to hookup phones, laptops, radios, gaming systems, etc. Those really came in handy!Aria is centrally located on the strip but sits back from the main road. It feels more private and secluded and appeared to be the getaway place for several celebs. Aria does need to increase staff in certain areas. It was easy to get on the private elevators and other certain areas without showing your room key.
1	This place does not live up to the hype. I was staying for a convention. The rooms were not that great. The convention center was either to hot or cold. My stomach is still recovering from the food. A serious disappointment!
3	The hotel is new and we had a 2 bed sky suite with strip view. the wkd we were there the hotel was very full bc EDC wkd so they were very busy. The pool area is ok however the restaurant is pretty legit
5	love the rooms, the food and the casino. drink service in the casino is awesome!
3	The Aria is really nice. Great services, location proximity to entertainment so your cab fare wont skyrocket, and over all the hotel is really nice.one of the first issues for my party weekend was the fact that the TV didnt work and the music channels didnt work how were we sposed to get our party on if the auxiliary wasnt working ya'll??? Some of our lamps were out in room 12121.Did we get the ghetto room?!The issue with the aria is the walking time to the strip and back to the hotel and casino and up to the room. It was a trek for a sandwich. EARL of sandwich of course.we called maintenance to fix our tv and they said it was fixed but really. It wasnt we only got auxiliary. So in the end we had a nice time. Everything's really cool but that electronic malfunction tablet thing really made me angry that ic ouldnt figure it out. I'm a tech geek but it was out of my hands. WAH.maybe next time.
5	Aria is great, the Casino is great and the food sold in the restaurants is good. I love the scent at Aria and would go back again. Loved it.
3	I didnt stay here, but gambled here quite a bit. Very nice and spacious, but the cocktail waitresses dont come nearly enough! Didn't like the bouncers at Haze either, but love the Jean Phillipe dessert area. Very clean and posh though, great addition to the strip!
4	stayed at the sky suites and lived the sweet life (see what i did there?)the room setup was great.  there was a remote to control the lighting, curtains, AC, and TV in all of the rooms.  you could also control each room from each TV.the girls at the sky suite check-in were great too.  more than helpful.  they also let you borrow a laptop if you need to print something.only downside i saw was no free booze in the VIP lounge.
4	Why do I love this hotel? Because i make money at the slots every time i go! I have terrible luck but somehow their slots machines feel my pain and send me some love. People i bring here also win money at the tables (i'm not so great there other than poker). But don't go here and hate me if you lose. The casino is very big though and i do prefer it to some of the other ones. I have been a guest here, if you are a frequent gambler the rate is like $128 so not bad comparatively. The rooms are nice, not huge but big enough for 4 if you are in a deluxe room. More than that is likely a stretch though given no couch. -Hotel still looks new and is huge, it took me a little while to make a round-Go to the SPA! it's heaven, they run a lot of massage specials-Crystals is a really nice high end shopping area (has LV, Gucci, Zegna etc) and if you happen to be awake during the day is fun to stroll around if you need something to do, it is basically right outside the aria-I went to Haze one night, not my favorite club in Vegas but it's fine if you don't want to do the marquee / XS scene. Music was actually really good, does get crowded though given it's not a huge space-Jean Philippe Patisserie is amazing (the desserts look so pretty). They have crepes, pastries, chocolates, ice cream-Noticed that the waitresses did not come around a lot for drink order but were nice when they did-I would love to tell you about my dining experience here, unfortunately i wasn't really awake for it-The room itself is pretty trendy, nothing extraordinary about it but plenty comfortable. My favorite gadget was the one-touch control that lets you control the lighting, drapes, music etc. i kept opening and closing the blinds-you get a ton of lighting into the room during the day-Bath products so-so
3	Not a huge fan of the whole City Center development.  Kinda big and cold.  You can get great rates at Aria as a result.
1	I have to say I had high expectations for this place since it is a 5 star hotel, I've stayed at the Wynn, Venetian, and The hotel before, so I have something to compare to now.  At check in upon arrival, I was informed there wasn't two queen beds available for me, only a king.  I am like, not cool, so the guy at the lobby, looks for a while, and comes to me and says, I have a room for you but it's not available, it will be an extra $30 a night.  I am like, what???? are you serious, he states, the rate you got before was for a king bed, not two queens.  I am tired I said fine.  I will take the room. Now he says, its not ready, you can check in, in 3 hours.  So far it is every bit of the 5 star hotel it is rated... Finally, the time has come, I got my room.  I went into it, 29th floor.  Guess what its facing the pool party/night club at Cosmo, its bumping all day and will be all night.  I called, swaped the room immediately.  Next room, I was provided with a smoking room, it reeked!  I called, swaped again.  Next room the toilet wont flush, and the window is DIRTY.  Called again, and they had to send maintenance up here to fix the toilet, only after my roomate said he needed to "take a dump" right now! all n all, nice looking hotel, but the staff is horrible.  1/2 a star in my opinion!
5	Ahhhhhhhhhh the only thing I didn't get to do in this hotel was sleep in the room :(  Don't worry though...I'LL BE BACK!!!!!This hotel is the bomb.  I was originally supposed to stay here but due to some unforeseen circumstances things changed.  I must also say that even though, I'm not a big gambler, since it was my birthday I had to play a little something. I decided to spend my bucks and chance my luck at the Aria casino and what do you know...$20 bucks in and $87 bucks later I was a winner :)  YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They also had wonderful paintings around the hotel which really caught my eye!
4	Just spent a week at the on my yearly birthday/anniversary trip and the Aria did not dissapoint!We upgraded to a Corner Suite which was beautiful and totally worth the money. The HUGE bathroom with seperate soaking tub and great strip view alone made the upgrade worth it. We were able to check in a few hours early, which was wonderful after a 6 hour flight. The front desk asked if we were here for anything special and we mentioned the birthday celebration and they had a card a a tray of great desserts sent up to our room immediatley.I got a day pass to the Spa which was totally worth the extra $30.00, didnt even need a treatment the facilities available with the pass were so great.The bed linens and pillows were all just as great as I remembvered from the last trip. They made it hard to get out of bed in the morning!The only negative that I have is that I think the buffet has gone down hill just slightly since were were there last. The food just seemed like it was sitting out a bit longer than it should have been. Although it may have been because we were comparing it to the Cosmopolitan Buffet which was just outstanding.If you have a chance to stay at the Aria, go for it. Its a wonderful experience and so relaxing for a strip hotel!
4	We stayed for a one night getaway.  Buffet was very good, room had an amazing view.  I liked the fact you can see departing flights in real time for people who have to catch flight.
3	Maybe I shouldn't even leave a review, since I'm not Aria's typical target clientele.I'm not:- A tech geek- In my mid-twenties- A gambler - A huge partier, drinker or clubber- A smokerInstead, I'm the kind of girl who expects plush, serene and luxurious surroundings when I pay over $200 a night for a room, even if that room happens to be in Vegas. What Aria is:- Cool- Buzzing- Trendy- Young- Modern (I kept humming the Jetsons-theme)- ExpensiveWhat Aria is not:- Peaceful- Soothing- RelaxingI wasn't impressed with the service, except by "Tatiana," one of the concierges. That beautiful, smiling blond woman from the Czech Republic (though no accent) could charm the pants off of even the most jaded Vegas goer. At check in, I got attitude when I asked the difference between the resort credit and a resort FEE credit (they are NOT the same thing). The guy looked exasperated. Are they REALLY that surprised that I didn't know the difference right away?I was also not impressed by the pool area., though at least it was large, with three huge pools. The music was "house techno" or "rock," which I don't really understand - some people like to chill by the pool, not bump and grind! The predominant feature - speakers everywhere - was the feature I most could have done without. Everything was crowded. Nothing was serene. I was not impressed by Jean Jacques or whatever it was called (the uber-expensive steakhouse). The dry-aged steak "special" was pretty good, but the sides were served in these absurdly small dishes (a tiny bowl of brussels sprouts and tiny bits of bacon, for $12?!?). And my friend's "medium rare" arrived "bloody," whereas my medium rare verged on medium. She sent hers back for more firing, but it still wasn't cooked enough. They did comp us a dessert, but my friend left really sad, and the meal had cost a fortune. I had some fun with the room's tech features, especially the curtains that you can program to open with the touch of a button. I was creeped out by the see-through toilet stall (you can see the silhouette of someone sitting on the john), though at least there was SOME partition. And for a high-end hotel, the toiletries were not impressive. "The Buffet" brunch was not bad, but for $30 you expect something totally mind-blowing. Not so here.  Though at least the crab legs were nice. (In contrast, the Wynn's buffet cost only a little more, and was really spectacular). All in all, I'm not sure I would stay there again, unless the rooms were significantly cheaper. Been there, done that. I'd rather stay at the Wynn.
4	This is my second favorite hotel in all of Vegas (first is the Cosmo). The hotel's brand new, gorgeous, and very clean. Plus, the staff are wonderful, as is the room service.The room I booked was a standard king. The bathroom was amazing, it had both a marble shower and a soaking tub. Also, the entire room was wired; everything was electric, from the drapes to the TV to the lights. Amazing!The casino itself is also great, if not a bit pricey (no $5 tables here, that's for sure). Also, the location is great; you're on the south end of the strip, which is right by Marquee (hottest club in Vegas) and next door to Crystals (amazing shopping).The best part? The price is reasonable!
4	- Beautiful modern rooms with tech-rigged lighting, sound and window fixtures- The pool area is nice (not over run by the MTV crowd which can happen at tons of other pools) but cabana service is slow.- Good location on the strip but a bit pushed back from the main road- Casino floor empties out around 3am (Sun-Thurs) and table minimums go to 5-10$- Lots of good food options- including Julian Serrano's tapas restaurant.- Check in takes a long time and staff are not overly friendly- Like many Vegas hotels- the floors are HUGE and we got stuck at the end of the hall so it took 3-4 minutes from getting out of the elevator to reach our room- Good value if you book early through twitter deals or their website Minus 1* for front desk check in and poolside service
5	Beeeaaaauuutttiiful hotel!!!I stayed here this summer when i was in town on business and was super impressed. I LOVED the room. The decor was chic and contemporary and it had some really cool features. You will find a remote control next to your bed. With that remote you can: dim the lights, close the day curtains, and turn on romantic jazz music..... ?!? So cool! Also, the room come complete with a mini bar and a really huge bathtub.Definitely recomend!!
4	Why so much vanilla scent? It's way overpowering. Everything smells like vanilla after spending even five minutes in the casino.That said, it's a classy place. Nice bars and restaurants. Clean casino and bathrooms. A remote control is used for all in-room operations, which is cool, but I couldn't figure out how to close the curtains?The check-out procedure was complicated because it, too, involved the remote control. Why?!
5	If you like finer things in life and technology excites you, Aria is your home away from home in Las Vegas.Rooms: Fantastic. When you first walk in, the curtains automatically draw to show you the exquisite view of the strip, the lights slowly get brighter, and jazz comes on subtley to welcome you into an exquisite and chic room. The bathroom is a treat- his & hers sinks, marble floors, and a massive bathtub. Oh, and if you forgot to turn off the lights and put out your "privacy please" sign on the door while you're in bed? No worries- there is a remote control pad on your nightstand to take care of all of that.Restaurants: There is not a bad restaurant here.. Breakfast buffet is fantastic. I'd suggest getting their bloody mary at this hotel. I've never had one better in my life. For a mid-morning snack, grab some delicate pastries at the patisserie. For dinner, go to Julian Serrano's tapas restaurant and the Union steakhouse. You will NOT regret it one bit.Just outside the hotel, there are magnificent shops and art studios. Try Eva Longoria's restaurat, or Wolfgang Puck's pizzeria that is just steps away from Aria. Monte Carlo is attached to Aria in walking distance and a tram takes you from Aria to Bellagio.
4	We stayed at Aria for 4 days last week.Check-in took less than 20 minutes which was a great start (Caesar's was 45+ minutes last spring). We got a beautiful room facing the Cosmopolitan & Vdara's pools. Since we were able to check in roughly 3 hours early, the staff did say we could switch rooms the following day to one with a view of the strip, but since we didn't plan on staying in the room that much, we stayed put. The hotel smells amazing anywhere and everywhere you go. I never smelled cigarettes. The casino was very nice & everyone was very friendly. The pools are incredible. Comfortable chairs, perfect water temperature & super nice waitresses serving up poolside cocktails. This hotel is in a great location & had a fun atmosphere. I would definitely stay here again!
5	Love Aria. Rooms are fantastic. Location is the best and fabulous comp policies. M life is great. Todd English pub ( as you walk out of aria and into Crystals) is fabulous place for quick bite.Staff is great and smoke is very minimal. Used to stay only at Bellagio..like Aria more.
5	Nice, nice, nice! Clean and high technology in rooms! Nice pool!
5	Favorite hotel in Vegas. Reserve the 2 Bedroom Aria Sky Suite. It is amazing.
5	This is my favorite Las Vegas Hotel. You pretty much have everything you need there in the hotel, meaning restaurants, bars, great tables, great pool, lounges, etc. The rooms are beautiful, and I love the decor.It's a small hotel, so easy to get around.Love LIQUID on a Friday or Saturday. It can get pricey, but it's worth it. They have much classier people then, say, Rehab or the other day parties.The Thai restaurant, Lemongrass, was very yummy, reasonable, and many vegetarian options.Saw Viva Elvis, loved it. BUT loved LOVE at Mirage a little better. Depends if you like Elvis or Beatles music more, but I recommend both.Gold Bar is trying to be a little too clubby. If you want a good lounge, go down stairs to Deuces Lounge. Don't forget to check out The Cosmopolitan next door!
4	My cousin had the 2 bedroom sky suite. It was a great view of Vegas. Even though I didn't stay there, I thought I'll add my two cents worth since I was hanging out there often enough. I don't know if being an elite guest like my cousin was, the service was excellent. The sky suites was just the taste of what royal pampering would be like. The suite was awesome. The toilets.  .gawd, how many buttons does it take to pressurize the water spray to get your butt feeling good and clean?? Overall, the hotel was beautiful. Too bad I didn't hit the slots jackpot or I would've found out how the real pampering is like.
2	Positive:  Atmosphere is clean and updated.  Quality restaurants.  Bad:  Terrible service at every turn.  From the Liquid pool to the phone operators...people do not care about the guests.  Definitely wouldn't stay there again with all the other great choices.
5	Oh Sky Villa, how much I miss you! Cleanest, freshest, sexiest hotel in all of Las Vegas. Even the air is perfumed with this erotic and intoxicating aroma!After a long day of tanning, pooling and clubbing, nothing beats bringing the after-after party back to the villa and partying in the huge steam shower and splashing in the enormous tub! A+ for Aria!
4	No doubt that the Aria is sleek and modern.  Pulling up to the front of the hotel you feel like you're at some crazy post modern airport.  It's attached to Crystals, which adds to the gorgeous, modern architecture.It's new and shiny and doesn't have the cigarette smell yet, which is always a good thing.  And the location is awesome, you are in the heart of the strip and can jump on the tram through City CenterBut this resort is just missing something.  It just doesn't quite have that fun Vegas je ne sais quoi, and I wasn't a fan of the layout.  Our room was reeeeally far away from the elevator, which got annoying really fast.  And the techie in me was a bit disappointed with the room.  It's awesome that you can control everything, but the control pad uses weird non user friendly technology.
4	The room no longer has ANY limit games. I like to switch from limit to NL now and again. That entails a walk to the Bellagio for limit. The B poker room by the bye has become even more arrogant. My favorite rooms, Wynn and Aria have little to no limit games and are too far apart. Now if I could only win at either of them.
2	Its too modern, slightly cold for me and what I love about Vegas.. Its missing character/gimicky/showy over the top that Vegas should exude. Room was gorgeous though. Very open feel to the casino. I liked the pool here better than the Encore
5	I can not fathom why this hotel has an average of three and a half stars. These people have no clue what they are talking about. Aria is fantastic in every possible way. Trust me, I've stayed in many hotels in Vegas from the low-end (Golden Gate) to high-end (Encore) and Aria is perfect.The beds are huge and comfortable, and I had no problem figuring out the console to control the lighting and curtains. I really appreciated being able to fix them at a whim. Frosted glass bathroom is a tad weird, but I never share bathrooms with guys (and I wasn't with guys both times I've stayed here) so that wasn't a big deal for me. Where Aria really shines is in its restaurants and bars: Deuce Lounge, Jean-George, Julian Serano & City Bar all had fantastic bartenders with loads of food and beverage experience. If you want to know what's up with this town, you ask a bartender -- they have seen it all. I also really loved the sandwiches at Jean Phillipe Patisserie and the 24 hour cafe ain't too bad (here's a hint: keep your order very, very simple). Yes, there is a resort fee, yes the smell of vanilla is overwhelming, and yes, it is not done in the same over the top gaudy 80s casino style that people want to cling to. But hey -- times are changing. Things can't stay the same forever. Let go of that old stuff and get with the new.
5	great place, love the location - about mid strip - at the heart of city center.  great casino and poker room, nice entertainment.  i prefer some of the other clubs and bars, but Aria has some nice lounges, very upscale ultra feel.  room are crazy awesome, unless you don't like modern design.  i love the shower / bath combo rooms.  you could take a showebath,  or a bathower.  adult pool can be lame most of the time, so don't waste your money, sometimes it can be great though - so it's like fishing - might be biting, might not be.  at full price, this might be closer to 4 stars, but there are always specials to be found.  at the price, i wouldn't hesitate a full 5.  just don't expect the level of service as you might have somewhere that's costs 5 times as much.  you have to weigh value into your ranking.  Aria has great value.
4	This is one of the newer hotels, but people told me it was dark, for dudes, and not that great. The aroma is vanilla! I actually liked this better than the Wynn. The rooms were queen beds and the bathroom was nice and big. Although it is dark, but who wants to see the face of the guy/girl you just picked up, the dark will just help with your beer goggles! Only thing I didn't like, it was complicated using the technology in the room for the light switch, took us girls awhile to figure it out... but it was cool. I would book again.
3	I've definitely had better in Las Vegas. for what its worth, Aria is new, modern and luxurious. Every new Las Vegas hotel  always tries to take it to the next level, but Aria doesn't quite do it.First off, service, service and service. For the prices they make you pay for this hotel, you would at least expect friendly service with all the staff. No smiles at all from front desk checking in. You can get a better welcoming from an automated machine. The taxi stand attendant on two occasions was super rude! Very pushy to get everyone in a taxi even if there wasn't a long line. He snapped at me and words were definitely exchanged! The dealers at the roulette and blackjack tables lack personality or excitement. Dealers at the Palazzo, Venetian, MGM and Bellagio are way more fun and enthusiastic!The rooms were nice and modern. I liked how the tv, music and the drapes all opened to welcome you. Comfortable beds after a long night out. Overall, I expected better from Aria! I should maybe stick with the Venetian or Palazzo, or better trying the Cosmopolitan next time!
5	We are currently staying at Aria for 8 nights. Great service as always! Very nice suite with strip view and limo transportation courtesy of my husband's host. I have always favored Mandalay Bay but not anymore, they can definitely improve on their service.  There is such a big difference now that we have been staying here so often.  The most comfortable beds, pillows and bath robes you will ever come across.  Love the in-room technology, I am able to control the curtains, lighting and temperature in the bedroom, living room and bathroom with the little screen next to the bed.  You can set the alarm waking up to music selection or tv, curtains opening, lighting and temperature adjustment.  It's perfect. Stay here and you won't be disappointed! It is still new so the casino area is not as smokey as other casinos and they have great ventilation.  There are a lot of tables and slot games to choose from and my husband and I are currently infatuated with Aria's high limit Spin Lounge.  They encourage everyone to go inside, even if it's just for a visit.  Great hotel and we will be staying here again in January for another 7 nights.
4	yay such a good hotel!aria is one of the group of hotels that are the newest addition to the las vegas strip located in the city center. Its basically almost in the middle of everything so transportation shouldn't be so bad.we got a double queen hotel room which was quite spacious with a modern design. upon walking in, the curtains automatically opened to greet us! Amazing! Haha. There's also a main touch screen remote control (similar to a tablet) that controls all the fuctions of the room. So u never have to leave that comfy bed! we also had a situation where we needed to change rooms and they were very accomodating and helped us do it in a quick fashion. the casino is nice, the shopping is nice, we didn't eat anywhere in the hotel but I don't doubt their food choices are nice.the only thing that kinda was a burden was that they didn't allow roll away beds in double queen rooms so someone had to floor sleep :/ & since their hotel had over 40000+ rooms, its kinda a trek to get to your room, with all the floors and unique curvy architecture but can't really do anything about that. Id totally stay here again! :)
4	Great hotel!! Walked into my room and the curtains opened as the tv and lights came on! Awesome!!! Very modern and upscale.  Casino floor wasn't confusing to get to my room. With plenty of restaurants, bars, shops and amenities to keep us busy!!!
5	I've stayed at numerous properties on the LV strip, but I'd have to say that this is byfar my favorite for a leisurely weekend in Sin City.Comparing this hotel to other properties and Cosmo, here are my observations:ARIA: Disappointed by the pool/lounge furniture.  Plastic.  Water quality was pretty disguesting.  I had just stayed at Caesar's Palace a few days prior and hands-down, Caesar's has a nicer pool area (ambience, and comfortability in their outdoor furniture).  At ARIA, loved the single touch panels that controled the lights, blinds, TV, etc.  The amenities were modern and new.  I was pleased that although it's within the City Center complex, it was relatively quiet and you're out of the hustle and bustle that you'd find at Cosmo.  Obviously, it's not convenient to other "attractions" on the strip, but if you plan on staying at the property for some R&R this would be it!
5	5-star quality from a 5-star hotel. We came here for my birthday and we got a Sky Suite, which came with a limo to pick us up and drop us off to the airport, super comfy bath slippers, our own personal entrance/exit in and out of the hotel, personal doorman, and more. Our room was super high-tech, where everything such as lights, music, TV, and temperature was controlled by a screen pad. We had fun playing with this although it was a little hard to figure out at first. All in all, a wonderful stay. Def the best hotel on the strip.
4	I stayed at ARIA for 3 nights for a business trip. The conference was at the Bellagio but it's very easy to get there via the tram that runs next door at Crystals. I absolutely love the hotel! It's sleek and well-kept. Enjoyed my overall stay - from the check-in process to the automatic opening of blinds upon arrival in your room to the friendly service at the concierge. Plus: free wifi throughout the resort, excellent treats at Jean Philippe Patisserie & wide range of slot machines.Minus: plain toiletries and not enough light in the room. Would I come back? YES I want to return next week.
4	Stayed at Aria for 4 days, 3 nights... come to think about it, this is about as long as I'll ever stay in Vegas.PERRRFFECCT amount of time in my opinion! I love the casino floor because it's clean and well maintained--granted the place is new, but so what? So far so good, because nothing beats NOT smelling like an ashtray by the time you're home.   Seriously, I got home and I sniffed my clothes... smelled delicious--like PINE SOL... haha.The pool area is a decent size, separate pool areas and spa areas to suit everybody's needs.  They check room keys, but nowhere near as aggressively as Mandalay does.  Clean water, minimal kids... or should I say, minimal ROWDY kids... parents did a good job of looking after their little ones.  The buffet is located on the Promenade level which is awesome because it's off the casino floor--you will forget that you're in a casino by the time you leave the buffet.  I didn't eat at the buffet because I was too busy drinking my alchy and being passed out under the bed of my room.SPEAKING of ROOMS.  Aria has one of the nicest rooms I've ever been in.  Everything is controlled by a bedside touch screen remote.  My favorite feature is the SLEEP feature where you can literally turn everything off and close the curtains w/ a touch of the button.  Wake up the next day to ultimate bliss.  The other cool open is the Service and Privacy lights outside the door are all controlled by buttons from within as well.State of the art unfortunately will have it's dangers... at Aria it comes in the form of the MINI BAR in the room.  WATCH OUT! Everything is weight sensored! DO NOT remove items and place your personal items inside. All in all a great experience.  A lot of good and nothing bad... nothing SPECTACULAR either which is why it's a 4 out of 5 for me.
5	I loooooove this place, I am little late on writing this review, i was there with my wife last year this place is amazing Kirk kerikorian is smart, he build new type of resort that no other casinos have in vegas. I will highly recommend to stay and enjoy what Aria and city center has to offer.
4	Would like to move in. Don't know why my curtains don't automatically open and lights turn on when I walk into my living room at home. Still looking for the "goodnight" button next to my bed in my house to shut everything down and close the curtains to black-out mode. I'm pretty sure angels were singing when I walked into my Aria room. Seriously, that was one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in. Love that it's LEED Gold, and that my room was energy-efficient. Loved the wallpaper throughout the hallways, the lighting fixtures, and the wallpaper, was it leather of some sort?, in the elevator bays. Every detail was divine, yet simple. Aria also has the least smoky of all the casinos on the strip, in my opinion, and I do appreciate that. I just want to go to there, often.
4	The bed was sooooo comfy.  I loved the "Goodnight" button by your bedside that everyone is talking about.  I also loved the automatic everything that you can control while you're lying comfortably in bed.The bathroom is also really nice...very modern.  Tub + shower are separate but are behind the same door.  Lots of closet space (two closets) with robes.Pool and hot tub were both really nice.  I would have spent a lot more time out by the pool if it had been warmer during our stay.  I guess November is a bit late in the year for sunbathing. :)The only thing my boyfriend and I didn't like was that the rooms were kind of dark and the hallways were definitely dark.  I guess it's okay but I'd rather have a little more light.  The chocolate brown theme made it seem even darker, too, although I do love chocolate brown.  Bf said that the rooms at the Palazzo are nicer, so I'd love to check that out next time.We'd go back, though.  Everything was really nice.  I just wasn't as "wow'ed" as I thought I'd be for what the room cost.
4	After reading so many mixed reviews, I was a little hesitant about staying at Aria. I figured I'd give it a shot after getting a room offer from the m-life Player's Club. After staying in 2 other hotels over three days, this was the one I was looking forward to the most. Check in on a Saturday morning was busy, yet it all went very smoothly. They had enough lines open and clerks working, which is always a good thing. I was totally wowed after entering room 31-131. The curtains open, the TV turns on to some music, and the lighting comes up. The room had a view of the back of the CityCenter campus and Vdara. For a standard room, it's VERY roomy. I believe it's around 520 square feet of goodness. The bathroom area was equally as rich, with a BIG shower and tub (they are not combined, but located behind the same door), his and her sinks, and separate toilet area.I love technology, so Control 4 was definitely a treat. You can literally control everything - the TV, curtains, lighting, temperature, making service requests, and even the Do Not Disturb sign - from the television as well as a small tablet located on the bedside table. Loved the Wake Up scheme, which opens the curtains and turns on the TV at whatever time you set in the morning. I also enjoyed the turndown service at night, since that big bed has a lot of comfortable pillows!!My offer came with a comped buffet, so I went there for Sunday Brunch. I enjoyed it a lot, and would certainly go back. Service around the resort was top-notch. Everyone was very attentive and friendly, from the housekeepers, valet people, bartenders, Front Desk staff. CityCenter is massive and it WILL take a while to get your bearings, but once you do, it'll be easy to get on and off the Strip.I'd definitely stay here again.
5	Got an awesome deal through vegas.com to stay on a Sunday.  This is such an awesome hotel, I don't know where to begin.  It is clean, does not smell like ass, and the beds are very comfy.  We had a great view, and were able to take advantage of room service because of our resort credit.  The food was awesome, and arrived when they said it would.  Will stay here again when the wallet recovers from a week of Vegas debauchery!
4	Had a great stay at Aria last week. The rooms are plush and very modern, equipped with automated lights and curtains. The bathroom was very spacious and elegant.I would have probably given this 5 stars but held back due to a few reasons:Our room was not cleaned for the first couple of days and we had to actually go down to the lobby and talk to the day manager to make sure it was done.Apart from the buffet,which provided a wide variety and was pretty satisfying, I would say none of the other restaurants could justify the prices they charge. The Skybox was pretty average as was the Union bar.The restaurants backed by the celebrity chefs were at best average,although we never tried the Bar Masa. The Jean Phillipe patisserie was definitely good, although on the pricier side.We had a good experience gambling there, the casino was nice and big and not smoky. The dealers were friendly in general.Table minimums do go up on the weekends though and sadly, they had only one "Let It Ride" table.All in all, it was a very positive experience and we would definitely want to stay there the next time we visit!
2	Nice and pretty hotel and casino.We didn't stay here, but we visited the casino. It was nice, airy, and smells wonderful. However, the security guard at the front entrance was a jerk. It wasn't a busy night, he stood right at the entrance, we were kinda lost. We asked how to get back to Las Vegas strip without circling around the building and his answered was "GO OUTSIDE AND WALK ON THE SIDEWALK." Yeah...thanks, Aria. For future trips, I will spend my money elsewhere.
4	Why the rating is not very good here?  I like this place tho!  It looks new, modern, and smell good!I love the pool.  So relaxing around  all the tall buildings.  Also, they have really good gelato on the first floor!  :)
5	I am a HUGE fan of Aria.I love the architecture, design, feel and energy of this place.  If you like modern then this is place to be.  If you like hip, relevant decor and people then this is the place to be.  Great layout for a casino, great specials on rooms when they have them and truly in the center of the strip.  You can go to Crystals to shop or walk over to Bellagio for the water fountain show.  This place has it all!
4	What a pretty place with a great restaurant, Sage.  This is a high class place.  I hate the smell of smoke.  I know it is inevitable in the casinos here in Vegas, but being allergic, I really can't handle the smells.  Gives me a headache and overall a bad feeling.  This place was the least smoky place I have been in Vegas.  Thank You for the extra effort with the smoke eaters or whatever you use to keep this place less smokey.  I would love to stay at this hotel some time.  Maybe next time I come back to Vegas.
3	I *really* wanted to love this hotel.  It was so different for Vegas.  At first take I was so smitten by the quiet, understated modern elegance of the clean lines and modern decor.  When I walked in the lobby it didn't have that "overwhelming-crazy-busy-Vegas" vibe, which was a very welcoming and relaxing feeling (esp. right after traveling).  I was pleasantly surprised by a woodsy-sweet scent in the lobby instead of cigarette smoke and that gross "up-all-night" musk.  But I was really more excited to try out this "one-touch integrated room technology" it boasts and supposedly sets it apart from the other hotels.But as time passed during our Vegas visit, it was just a series of "Are you serious?!" moments that led me down a path to these two an a half measly stars.- We requested a room away from the elevators - but they put us waaaaay at the end of the building.  Are you serious, Aria?  It was a hike.  And as you would imagine that was problematic after a long night of drinking (and in heels, no less!) LOL- When we got inside our room, there was no "greeting"; no lights turn on, the drapes don't open, no music welcomes us.  The tv is supposed to turn on too, to allow me to personalize my settings - but there was just a whole lot of.....Nothing.  What the heck?- The huzbeau fiddled with the "One-Touch" switch to open the drapes; There was no one-touch about it!  He had to keep pressing the switch because the drapes kept getting stuck.  It was such bad comedy to watch.- there was a gaping hole on the door to our bathroom, where a doorknob is supposed to be; where's the hardware?  Now that's just sloppy.The room was nice, pretty and functional bathroom, comfy bed.  I would expect this much for a 5 star hotel.  But in the end, Aria promised big but really fell short; there is a huge divergence from how I thought I'd feel after our stay. Its a really nice hotel and has a great location, but I could only give it 2.5 stars, rounded up.
3	I was both happy & disappointed about this hotel:YAY's:* its the freaking Aria!!!* BATHROOM was amazing* Their pillows, OMG their pillows ... put me to sleep in seconds* Remote controlled, EVERYTHING!CONs:* i guess i put my expectations tooooo high for this place.  Don't get me wrong, it was a nice hotel, but the room not so much.  I was hoping for something more artsy, modern.  The lobby, the bathroom, the hotel itself felt like the Aria ... but the room, not so much :/Nice to have stayed here once, not sure if i'd return ... maybe if there was a good deal!
5	I was prepared to like, not love, this hotel, and it really exceeded my expectations.  I thought the rooms were as nice as those at Encore, which is a very, very high standard.  The bathroom layout in particular, with the shower and tub separate but next to each other, was awesome.  The bed was very soft and comfortable, the electronic controls were cool, and the staff was very friendly to us.  I love the smell of the place and that it is so new.  The resort fee is no fun, but the fitness center you get to use for free is very nice, with free bottled water and scented wet towels to cool you down.  The location is better than that of the Encore, and the price we paid was also considerably less than what the Wynn was going for this weekend.  All in all, a very nice place to stay that is worth the extra money over the many four star hotels that surround it.
5	We had a terrific experience at this hotel.  All the staff were exceptionally warm and friendly.  The rooms were fantastic (loved the remote controlled curtains, what can I say I am easily entertained).  The casino staff in particular were friendly and fun (plus I won!).  Food was great, particularly American Fish and Lemongrass.  The one strange item was the hotel lobby.  Don't self park and schlep your bags.
4	I loved the Aria. People that complained it was "far from the strip" are probably obese and don't like to walk. It really wasn't that far to get through the strip.I found the staff front of house staff really helpful and polite. I have to say the porter Mark who brought the bags up was such a nice guy. The room:LOVE the remote control EVERYTHINGLOVE the bathtub... after a long day walking around I made use of that tub to the point I fell asleep in it. LOVE the bed. We tested it by of course jumping up and down on it... very sturdy!LOVE the room service. After a drunken dalliance with the strip retuning back to the room at 3am, ordered the "Burger topped Pizza". GENIUS IDEA. What better than having a burger or a pizza? Having a burger pizza. LOVE the view of the pool. I didn't plan to use the pool area, but with that view decided before we check out on the last day we would go laze and catch some rays.I would have given it 5 stars on account that I loved the room & pool area, what let it down was the casino. Not once did a waitress come up to me for a drink and when my friend and I went to the bar to get a drink the bartender was less than happy to serve us... the bar was NOT busy. So I preferred spending time and money in the other casinos. I would definitely stay here again. It was a toss up between here and the Bellagio. I think it was the right choice. I would not recommend the casino area though.
4	the hotel was nice. I would stay again if I have the chance. The pool was nice as well, but it attracts jersey shore types. Great photo opp to feel like you are on another planet.Glistening hair greace on the surface of the pool water. I did not go in for fear I would sink with globs weighing me down.Pool servers were slow and sometime non existant. The best part was the insence infused air they pride themselves of pumping through the air vents in the lobby areas.Later I read Legionnairs disease made hundreds sick there and near death. Google that to get the exact info.I like it.
3	The room was really nice but I could really do without the little control panel. If I want to turn on a light I should be able to just flip a switch, not have to go through a bunch of screens. The smell in this whole hotel was making me sick to my stomach! Blechhh vanilla everywhere. Plus the fun Vegas vibe was definitely lacking, it was too quietI had a nice stay at Aria but highly doubt I will stay here again. Too frou-frou for my taste
5	The hotel room has a lot of wonderful and cool electronics. I love the automatic curtains and touch pad that allows me to control everything. In addition I had two refrigerators in my room. I don't know if everyone's room is like that, but that was really useful. I would recommend this hotel.
5	My girlfriend and I stayed at the Aria over the Thanksgiving holiday.  After getting a recommendation from a friend who stayed at the Aria this past summer and doing a great deal of research on the Internet, we chose the Aria. What an amazing experience! I have a passion for staying in nice hotels and have very high expectations. The Aria exceeded my expectations. Love love love the hotel and room decor. Classy. Refined. Tasteful. Warm. Contemporary/Up-to-date/Hi-Tech design and decorating that I really appreciate. (IOW, not tacky, gaudy or Disney-like) Check out the room photos on their website. Everything was squeaky clean. The staff well trained, friendly and professional. Although we didn't gamble in the Aria casino we did spend a lot of time in the bars and restaurants in or near the casino. The Aria casino was, by far, the best ventilated casino that we toured, and, the best looking. The fact that the Aria is right next to my new favorite shopping area, Crystals, make this hotel even more appealing. If you like to shop in high-end boutiques, this is the mall for you. It's like walking down Rodeo Drive or Worth Avenue. My gf and I toured at least a half-dozen other well known hotels/casino's, and for our needs, none of them compared to the Aria. I can't say enough good things about the Aria. What an amazing hotel.
4	This is a review for the hotel. I'll update the review should I ever play games here. Jean-Philippe will gets its own review when I've tried enough of their selection, but they have good seafood quiche!I've been spoiled by this hotel, for future Vegas trips I'll be expecting rooms as nice as this one. This is one of the newer hotels in Vegas, situated near the Cosmopolitan and Mandarin Oriental hotels and Crystals shopping complex. It offers the 21st century equivalent of classy, different from the Bellagio. Check-in was hassle-free and straightforward. Upon going up to our rooms, the room was clean.Stayed here twice on standard rooms. Instantly I was hooked on the touch panel on the center screen, which basically controlled everything except the bathroom (that would be kinda creepy if it did) and call room service. You could even review your bill and check out, which is one of the best perks about this place. Beds were very comfortable, with the exception of snoring I had a good two nights sleep. TV was in HD and contained most of the common channels, so I was able to catch a bit of my favorite show being aired. LOVED the overall design of the rooms, gives a new meaning to contemporary and classy, from the mirrors to the drawers. If you get a room of the view, the windows are big enough to peer down at the Strip below, especially with all the lights at night. Bathrooms were just simply GORGEOUS. Toilet and shower/bath had its own compartments. Glass is opaque on both doors.Service is pretty good. We had a wonderful housekeeper who brought us plenty of shampoo and shower gel, and still kept an upbeat attitude when we forgot to ask for towels initially and asked him again.
5	Very beautiful, excellent decor. I liked their casino a lot and spent a lot of time in there. I loved the smell as well. Generally speaking I hate most of the faux fancy decor in most Vegas hotels, but this is probably the exception. Well designed for sure. Jean-Phillipe's is excellent and I basically ate there every day.
4	My favorite casino to play poker in. Really large poker room that's always crowded. Services are exceptional. The hotel has lots of modern designs and the casino floor is big enough to get lost, however there are many bars around so no worries there.Loved the atmosphere.  The huge wall-fountain just outside the front lobby is beautiful.  Valet crew are super nice.  Would love to stay here...the only thing is it's a smoking hotel/casino like any other...But considering they're brand new, it's not as bad as others.
2	I mean, the decor is pretty, but I can't help but think that it will be sadly out of date in about 5 years. Our time on the floor at the Aria was a waste. There was nothing going on and service was non-existant. As our friend who lives in Las Vegas said: What the hell are you doing gambling at the Aria? Next!
4	Stayed here over Thanksgiving Holiday for 5 nights and really liked this hotel.  Pros - 1) Really large hotel rooms.  You aren't tripping over each other if you are traveling with someone as these rooms are very spacious.  Everything is High Tech including how you open the curtains, turn off the lights and TV and let the outside world know if the room needs to be cleaned or not.  2) Workout facilities are including in the resort fee and they don't disappoint in this area - the equipment rivals what I have at Sports Club LA/San Francisco, so I was right at home on everything they had and they have a lot.  Color scheme is very contemporary throughout the hotel and it's visually engaging everywhere you look. 3) Pool area was not crowded - didn't expect it to be in November, but it was actually in the 70s when we were there so it also wasn't out of the question if you wanted to use it.4) Location - surprisingly central to where you want to go and has a free tram that goes up or down LV Blvd so it was pretty easy and being set back, you weren't treated to the usual strip clubs card delivery you get when walking up/down the Strip and really no one asking for spare change in the area.5) Smells clean - they are pumping in scented air to kill the smoke - a positive for me.Cons1) Bathroom had a weird combo tub shower area, probably more of a drawback for whomever has to clean it as if you take a shower, the tub area gets wet and needs to be cleaned whether you use it or not.2) Resort Fee - really?  Not necessary.  This isn't Motel 6, so you don't need to up charge the Resort based on price paid for the room3) Food - no real deals in this place - everything is pricey, so you will have to travel out or go to the Cosmopolitan next door for a better priced food offering, but everything we ate there was very good.4) Gaming area - could use more variety of machine options and some lower priced table stakes.I'd stay here again and highly recommend it.
3	I enjoyed my stay at Aria. It's convenient to Crystals (the shopping mall) and it's easy enough to get to other hotels. Thumbs up for the free WiFi but certain apps on my phone didn't work with it (the connection needs a browser to load the Aria/Citycenter screen and then most things will work) The funky thing is that they forgo electrical outlets around the bed (to plug in your computer perhaps???) so the put this contractors style orange extension cord to plug your stuff into (I kid you not.)I would have given it 4 stars had it not been for the ghetto extension cord.
5	Great hotel with a very nice and friendly staff.  From what I can remember...it was bachelor party weekend and maybe I was seeing mirages everywhere but it was cool.  Never had a dull moment and everything was on point.
4	I came here for a trip with my mom, brother, and girlfriend to attend my cousin's wedding. The Aria is very nice and opulent without the old person feel. It is in fact very chic and current. We stayed in a basic room. It was very nice and comfortable. I have to say that the check-in process was quick, as quick as a property this size can be. When you enter your room everything turns on and the drapery open automatically. I am a techie person so this was kind of cool to me. The room as clean and well designed. The staff was always accessible during my stay. Very friendly and willing to answer my questions and the concierge made some great recommendations.The shopping at Crystals is beyond belief. If you are looking for the latest and right off the runway looks, you going to be happy. I liked the size of the casino. It was a good starting point. If you want higher stakes you will have to go to your favorite spot.Check out is made very easy. You can check out via text, email, check out card (available in your key packet) or at the front desk. I checked out via email and got my itemized statement attached.Overall, great stay!
5	I always stay at Aria when I am in Vegas... Clean, well-decorated, modern rooms with really comfortable beds. Nice and rarely crowded gym. Great spa (recently had the best massage of my life with Pablo). Clean and good service throughout. My favorite part though is that it is busy enough to seem 'alive' but WITHOUT the insane touristy crowd as at Bellagio.
4	This was a really nice hotel with a price tag to match.  Everything was very modern and had a touchscreen display that controlled pretty much everything in the room from lights, to blinds, to the tv.  Every one of the employees here was very courteous and accommodating.  Helping us whenever they could and even the maids would greet you in the hallway.  Not sure how the other hotels on the strip compare but if presented with the opportunity would stay here again.
4	New, clean, modern and new... Yeah I know I mentioned that already. But this means there is still no cigarette smell. Yes!!!They have a security guy checking for hotel room keys before you can get to the elevators. Security?They have their own entrance to that mall, is it called City Center? The one where it's too expensive to shop in unless you won the jackpot?And from there, there's a walkway to cross the strip to the Miracle Mile Shops (more affordable shopping). Very convenient!
5	I stayed at the aria with my bestie a couple of months ago and we are coming back to stay here this month. I absolutely LOVE everything about this casino. I love the great service we get. The restaurants here are delicious. The rooms are amazing! Everything is so modern and the view from our room is spectacular! With a touch of a button, I can control everything. The beds are super comfy and fluffy. The room service is yummy. The desserts downstairs from the famous pastry chef is orgasmic! I have only good things to say about this place. ^_~
4	We were in town for the half marathon and I loved staying here. It's ultra modern and located close to New York New York. As everyone as mentioned it's very modern. When you come into the room there's a touch screen device which controls lights, tv, curtains, and so forth. The bed is to die for. I never wanted to leave it, it was a comfortable plush pillow top. The bathroom was also great. It has a large soaking tub and a shower next to it which is unique. The hotel itself has a spa, bakery, gym, hosts the Elvis show, is next to Crystals mall and has alot of restaurants inside. Since it's new it doesn't have that smoky old casino smell that I found in every other hotel I went into. Internet is included with your stay, you can check your bill on the tv but there is also a $20 a day resort fee so i guess it all evens out.Check in was quick and easy and you can still pretty much walk to anything. There is a tram that you can catch that will take you over to the Bellagio if you don't want to walk. I'd defintely stay there again.
4	Came for a vacation and have stayed in Wynn, Venetian and Palms Place for years. First experience In Aria the hotel portion. Selected corner suite and was very impressed with the suite. The technology was fun the panoramic windows in the bathroom with the giant tub was sexy and the bedroom was very nice. Reminded me of a suite in a W hotel. Suite was so clean the rug and bathroom looked sterile. Tons of amenities. If you choose a high floor corner suite you will have a good time.
4	In 2011 AAA named its list of 5 star diamond hotels in Las Vegas.  Nine hotels in Vegas got this prestigious award.  Aria Hotel and Casino made the cut for the first time.Aria itself is brand new and when I was last in Vegas (for my 30th birthday in 2009) it was still under construction.  The big appeal of Aria is how technological it is.  What this means is that when you open your hotel room door the automatic curtains will open up for you, and the lights will turn on.  If you are gone for a period of time and forgot to turn your TV, lights, ect off it will do so automatically.  The entry to Aria hotel is nothing super-special save for the smell of vanilla/jasmine that they spray everywhere on the casino floor that weirdly leaves me craving vanilla cupcakes.  How handy that Jean Phillipe's bakery is located near the bank of elevators going up to the rooms.My favorite features of Aria are as follows:--The size of the rooms.  Very nice!!  Instead of one dinky window you get an entire bank of windows that run the length of the room and open via a long curtain.  There is really not one "bad" view in the hotel.  --The beds.  They are the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept on.  Period.  It feels like you are sleeping in a sea of Jello.  --The deep tubs.  I love how the tubs are sunken though they are located behind the shower (?) which was sort of weird.  The toilets have their own separate room complete with phone if you just can't wait to make a call or have fallen and you can't get up.--Location.  Aria connects to Crystals which is a mall with shopping and dining that then connects to the Cosmopolitan. I feel like the Cosmopolitan has a lot more happening than Aria and we spent more of our time there.  In addition Aria is fairly centrally located on the strip in general.The Bad:--One of the things that bugs me about Aria is the service.  Though it wasn't bad I didn't feel like the customer service was at the top of their game.  Being 5 star I expected more in that category. --I HATE the new "Vegas" thing of charging a mandatory $20 a day for "convenience" items like wireless internet and gym use.  Even if you have no plans for either one you still have to pony up that fee on top of the already expensive hotel rate.  --Your room IS very technological in the sense that you can plug in your iPod, iPad, MP3, whatever you have to their state of the art sound system IF you have your aux cord.  Like, the one you have in your car to connect to your device.  Who would think of bringing that to a hotel room??  No problem though because for TWENTY DOLLARS you can buy a "keepsake" Aria technology package that includes such that is located above the mini bar.--No electrical outlets near the bed to charge your phone, use your laptop, ect.  Why am I paying $20 a day again for wireless internet?  So I can sit in my stiff desk chair to use my laptop??  I enjoyed my stay at Aria but not sure if I want to bleed the money next time.
4	A great place to stay with a calmer mid aged group.  Room/Pool:As for the room and pool I liked the Vdara better.  Just a little bit nicer and a larger room.   The best part of the room is the bed.  WOW!  The most comfortable bed I have been in.  I fell in love with the pillow.  They sell the pillows downstairs at their store so I bought one for my house.  I also liked the room controller and the automatic curtains.  2 sinks in the bathroom was nice and the 2 closets were great.  Location:Staying here was better for location because the casino was downstairs and it is close to many other locations.  We had a group of friends come over from Planet Hollywood and they loved the way the hotel smells like cupcakes a bit.  Also the quality here was much better.  We noticed a calmer relaxed feeling when we stayed here.  Even our friends were staying that.  At PH it was loud and felt a bit crazy.  We were partying and having fun being in our mid 20s but just felt better here.  I have also stayed at PH a few times.  This is my new favorite spot.
3	The place is visually stunning. It has such a warm glow inside.A couple things...There is a weird aroma that is in this place. Like something attempting to cover up smoke...not sure.Should check it out at least.
4	I WON!Yep. I actually left $110 richer. Well, not richer, but I was pleasantly surprised to win here. It's so new and shiny. I figured they would need to raise as much cash as possible.It's beautiful. It's clean. I wish it were actually on the Strip because getting here it's quite a hike.  Forcing people to walk through CityCenter is a great marketing ploy and probably one of the best ways they could have designed it. Still, in a land where moving sidewalks are the norm it seems like they could have figured out a more direct route to the casino.Wish me luck. Hopefully next time they'll comp a few nights so I can review the hotel too.
5	One stay at the Aria and Im a believer..great service,food and a quality gym have me headed back in the future. Upon checking in we were told that our room was upgraded to a sky suite with view. Fantastic room overlooking west Las Vegas. Food credit for 100.00 bought us 4/2people buffets..dinner was exceptional with shrimp,crab legs, prime rib and lovely desserts. Everywhere we went in the hotel found us being greeted by friendly employees.2 nites here and I was ready for a week..see you next time Aria.
2	We stayed at the Aria for a long weekend.  The rooms are clean and all the electronics are remote controlled...not awesome when someone in the bedroom turns the lights off on you while you are in the bathroom :)On one night of our stay there was practically an episode of COPS being filmed on our floor outside of our room.  We were unable to get to our room at 1am because of this drunk guy's shenanigans.  The hotel security asked that we remove ourselves from the hallway and we did.I was tired and wanted to sleep.  I went to the front desk to see if anything could be done for our troubles.  They said they would let a manager know so I assumed we would hear something the next day.I was never contacted by a manager.  I went back to the front desk around 6pm the following day.  I was offered a free buffet (which was included when we booked our rooms).  They then said they could waive the resort fee for the night ($20).  By this point I was a little annoyed.  I was finally able to speak with a manager who offered us $75 in food and beverages.  I am not one to complain but I paid good money to stay at this hotel and I wanted to go to sleep.  I understood why they asked us to leave and had no problem doing do....they had to regain control of the situation.If a manager would have contacted me, I would have let it go.  I didn't want anything to begin with...I was tired and getting cranky.
4	I felt like I kinda won the lottery.  Not at the casino, mind you.  Because casinos don't have lotteries, and that would be mixing metaphors...Anyway, this very sweet and very pretty girl I'm seeing had a conference in Vegas in invited me to join.  Hellz yeah, I said on was on the next Southwest flight to the desert.  We stayed at the Aria.  Her employer picked up the first two nights and I got the third.  Not a bad deal, eh, boys?I was very impressed with the ambiance.  The art and aesthetics were terrific.  Down to the embroidered leather wallpaper in the halls.  Coolio.  The rooms are auto-everything; controlled via the flatscreen.  Mostly novelty, but fun.We didn't really leave the room much during the day, as it was cold out and were are still in that super-early, fun, whirlwindy phase where everything seems impossibly romantic and sexy.  So we did order a lot of room service (tasty, but slow and sometimes forgetful) and enjoyed the thrill of being on the road.All in all, this was something between four and five stars.  I have to say, I didn't love that when I asked for a 2 PM late checkout, they charged us a half day rate.  Whatever.  Maybe I didn't win the lottery.  But, wait... hold on... JACKPOT!
5	This review is for the Aria Sky Suites one bedroom Penthouse.After one night in a corner suite which was awesome...was upgraded to Aria one bedroom penthouse in the Sky Suites.The Hotel within the Hotel works at Aria for sure. I have seen and stayed in many impressive suites but I must say the one bedroom penthouse was the most gorgeous 2000 sq feet I've set my bare feet on in Vegas. If your lucky enough to spend time in the Sky Suites your Vegas experience will dramatically change for the better just because of the sq footage and the modernistic gorgeous layout.The bathroom is pretty amazing as well... I'd rather not give too many details away anyway since the stay was impressive. Check the internet for more details.Oh I hadn't stayed in a MGM property since 2002 but  followed my Mlife offers. I registered for an Aria offer right off Mlife.com  They will be seeing me again soon. Most likely not in the penthouse though
5	Very modern hotel of which not even one thing i did not like. i was stupid to have chosen Mandalay Bay over Aria for my Vegas trip last week! Mandalay Bay was just A-OK at best, but Aria (from the previous trip about 2 years ago) was great! Also, the room rate is usually not steep and pretty affordable :)  for sure going back to Aria next time!!
4	The hotel is very nice, and there are plenty of gaming and dining experiences to be had. The rooms are large and very nice, and mine had a great view of the pool area. I would not pay full rate for the hotel as most of the amenities are available to non guests.
1	The hotel was great the cafe downstairs past the elevators was so bad the steak was so burnt a dog wouldn't eat it the over easy eggs were so under cooked so we decided to give them a second chance thinking it's just the chef but no French toast raw the service was so slow I could have walked down the strip and back and the waters wouldn't have been there yet and that was just waiting for the drinks to get there. The food took for ever too and was bad when we got it. Try the other restaurants honestly in and out was better then the 5 star dining at aria
4	Their rooms are like chihuahuas. They're small but feel big. They did a great job with the restrooms and because their technology from the hotel room smart key to the remote-controlled room lights, bathroom lights, curtains, and TV are chic, classy, almost James Bondish, and fun. Their restaurant offerings include Lemongrass, Sage, Julian Serrano, Blossom, and Masa, and possibly others. Lemongrass and Blossom are pretty secluded, just past the high-rollers' room. Julian Serrano's restaurant was pretty good. Their casino has at least four bars. There's a sky bar, a casino lounge, a sports' bar, and a sit-down bar. From my experience, cocktail waitresses take a while to bring me my watered-down hot chocolate, so nothing new there. The whip cream and hotness do make the first impression, but the taste just isn't there. Le sigh...Jean Philippe Patisserie is also here. The other one is in the Bellagio with their impressive Guinness World Record's biggest chocolate fountain. The one here at Aria has many cute and impressive decorations that do inspire you with some creativity. The casino decor in general is quite impressive, but the brown colors and all the vectoring make for a cuckoo's nest and will have you feeling a bit lost, except for the fact that Aria is less circular than Planet Hollywood and Circus Circus, making you able to navigate and actually understand which side of Aria you are on. There is also a tram available to take you to Crystals shopping center, almost like a museum for expensive name-brands anybody with a sane mind and not enough money to blow would buy elsewhere, but it is Vegas, so some people get a windfall and there you go. The tram can also connect you to Monte Carlo if you stay on long enough. It's nice. You get a view of Aria's pretty waterfall that changes colors because of its lighting, and there's also a very nice semicircular rock wall with gorgeous cascades.I generally like Aria. I would say that service could be a bit better, and they could make you feel less like a number.
5	You will love it here~~
2	The hotel is not that pretty as Wynn , room is not that big enough too. There is no coffee machine in hotel room. Front desk is really hard to reach in the morning. Even it provides a lot electronics interface to use its "monitor" (it is not a tv), we have to bug VGA cable. I really do not want to buy a cable just for one day stay here. And they charge 20$ as must when we check in, which is waived in other hotels. Btw glasses in room are dirty. I have to wash it by myself.
2	The Good- It is a new, clean, and attractive resort.  Very nice rooms with state of the art technology and services.  Location is also great as it is right in the center of the action of the LV Strip.The Bad- Terrible food and restaurants.  Expensive compared to other new casinos/resorts that are in the same category.  Customer service is poor, they do not listen to you at all.  No reason to stay here when other 4/5 star hotels like The Cosmo, Bellagio, Palazzo, Venetian, Wynn, and Encore are much better overall.
4	I was lucky to get a great deal on this hotel ($110/night for the first 2 nights, $90 for the last night) via Priceline. Still on the pricey side, especially with the additional fees from priceline plus the outrageous $20/night resort fee (hey at least it includes internet), but ultimately I have to say it was all completely worth it for one of the best hotel experiences I've had.  I hadn't been to vegas in 3 years, and a lot changed in that time, including the entire city center.  We generally stay in 5* hotels on the other side of the strip (Wynn, Venetian, Palazoo) but it's amazing how advanced the technology is in these brand new luxury hotels.  Everything in the room is automated -- no more of those door tags, that is all done by pushing a button.  And pretty much evereything else in the room can be controlled by the tv.  I especially loved the way everything activated upon entering the room.Decor -- the decor in the room isn't anything too snazzy or swanky, but it is modern, appealing and, ultimately, comfortable.  The hotel in the lobby is very nice.Staff -- front desk and bell hops were all very friendly and accommodating.  Dining -- I was travelling alone, and I generally don't eat at restaurants alone, so it would've been nice if the hotel had more quick options for meals, beyond Jean Phillippe Patissere (not that I'm complaining about that place, it is amazing and delicious; an absolute must-try).   Also, all the food in the hotel is expensive so I recommend walking to the monte carlo food court for McDonalds, Subway, Rubio's, etc.Location -- Loved where it was placed, right in the heart of the City Center, next to Crystals, across from Miracle Mile shops.  You can walk to Monte Carlo or tram to Bellagio.Overall, this would be a go-to hotel for me for business trips.  Not a place I would take my family, since the rooms are average sized (unlike the Venetian/Palazzo)
2	First and last time staying at Aria.Pro:- cool electronic control systemCons:- sometimes the control to turn light on-off doesn't work well- horrible heater system.  I set the temperature to 72 and fan to low (for 2 days and night) and the temperature in the room cannot heat up past 68.  However, once I shut down the climate control system totaly, then the room temperature went up to 72.  In other words, turning on the heater actually cool down the room.- room felt dark and gloomy with the color scheme and lights (depressing)- vanity in bathroom is smaller compared to venetian or belagio (wife complained doesn't have enough space for her make up etc)
4	This place is great if you're willing to shell out the money.Its a newer hotel, so all the venues are nice.  There are a lot of lounge areas where you can have a couple drinks with friends and hang out.  There are a good amount of people, but it doesn't feel too busy.  Things are a little more expensive and the minimums and higher than other casinos.
3	I wanted to love Aria, I really did. Unfortunately, I just liked her. And not a strong like, just a middle of the road type like. We'd go out on a date again if she were paying and I had nothing better to do type like. But let me start at the beginning.Aria is a very pretty property. I guess the theme is "trees" because we saw them all over, and the overwhelming color scheme was chocolate brown. If you are sensitive to smell, be warned, the vanilla scent is pretty strong in the casino area. There is lots of art and the Christmas decorations were very pretty and matched the "tree" theme.We stayed over the Christmas holiday, and the casino was pretty busy, which I was pleased to see, being a local.  Check in was swift, and I requested a nicer room on a high floor.  We got 21st floor with a view of the Cosmopolitan pool, so I guess that qualifies.The room definitely has all of the technology bells and whistles. Wave your key over the door panel and it unlocks the door. The tv remote controls everything from the curtains to the lights to check out, and there is a panel near the bed which controls l everything in the room as well. The curtains opened and the tv played music upon your entry. At times it was a bit confusing, but we figured everything out pretty quickly.However, I was not in love with the layout of the room. I much preferred Vdara in terms of layout to Aria, actually. The entryway seemed to be a misuse of space, and the bathroom was a bit strange. The bathtub was enclosed in a "room" with the shower instead of having the separate shower and tub. The water closet (ie toilet room) was surprisingly large, but had a frosted door rather than a real one, so if someone was washing their hands or putting on makeup, you could see the person in the toilet area handling their...business, which was kind of icky.  There was no fan in the water closet, either.The bed seemed a bit too soft when I sat on it, but it actually was very comfortable. It was like sleeping on a cloud. Now for the bad... We left our room to do some post-holiday shopping at about 9:30am. We turned on the "service" button on the panel by the door.  As we left, we noticed that housekeeping was servicing rooms right near ours (we even spoke to them) and figured that our room would be cleaned shortly. We returned back to the room at about 4:00pm to find that our room had NOT been cleaned, which was really annoying.  I called down to housekeeping, who apologized and said they'd send someone right up.  30 minutes later, no one had come. We went downstairs to the front desk and put in another request for service. They said they'd spoken to a supervisor and would send someone up. We went back to the room, 20 more minutes, no one had come. We found a housekeeper on our floor and asked her, getting more and more annoyed. She radioed a supervisor, and FINALLY after another 15 minutes someone came to clean our room. Getting our room serviced at 6pm is a bit ridiculous, especially since we'd been gone all day!!Cocktail service was pretty nonexistent. I only played for about 30 minutes at a time, but never was approached by a cocktail waitress.The Spa, on the other hand, was absolutely wonderful. I will write a separate review for that, however. MGM and their resort fees...Whew! Tax and resort fees (which include free access to the gym and free Wi-Fi) totaled almost an extra $40/night. Make sure to factor that into your calculations. All in all, it was "fine", but I'm not going to go out of my way to visit Aria again for my next staycation.
3	The hotel layout and environment is nice. The rooms are well laid out, it's clean and the bed are very comfortable.  The bathroom is kind of weird especially the shower. It is not recommended for older people as the floors can be slippery. Very high tech as everything is controlled by computer. There are a variety of restaurants to choose from. Julio Serrano specialized for TAPAS. Great food but quite pricy. Gambling are was okay... Which I did not care very much anyway.  The hallway decors for x-MAS was not very impressive... Very casual... Not eye catching compared to the other hotels...Service was not that great... We used toiletries on our first day and left the in the bathroom. When they cleaned them, the dried and place the same ones on the bathroom counter. The gel and shampoo was almost empty therefore we did not have enough to use when we took a shower. What is up with giving a new set of toiletries? We had requested 2 non- smoking rooms next to each other. My kids rooms stink and smells cigarettes smoke. Called and complained and they said they will deodorized it and will take an hour. 5 hours later nothing was done. They finally moved them after I was so upset... Overall customer service is not good at all.  They have to improve in this aspect.
1	Came here after Christmas. The hotel itself looks amazing on the outside with some arts here and there and a nice fountain located in the main entrance cul-de-sac. The layout inside is a different story though. The fitness center and spa/salon was on the "promenade" level where you had to walk through shops to get to. Personally, I would think the fitness and spa area should be more close and inclusive to the actual hotel rooms. Another layout flaw is that the main entrance is different from the main valet area. Now comes the worst part of this hotel: terrible customer service. Booked rooms through a third party site and when arrived they told me I had to pay more for a 2 bedroom queen b/c it was previously not listed on the website when I first booked it. (the excuse was that they thought the 2 bed queens were gonna sell out so the didn't list it on the site). Ok then are you assuming that any two person party coming to your hotel is a couple? Moving on, I requested a higher floor room and the guy at the front desk said "I'll let u know" and keeps typing away. Later doesn't even inform me which floor is available. He just makes me sign some papers and I find out he gave us the 10th floor. Great.. thanks for listening guy. The rooms are "technologically advanced" but the controls are not as smooth especially the temperature functions through the remote. Also, the bathroom was not stocked when arrived. Second day, housekeeping stocked the shampoo et al better. Gross part of the room: there was a piece of fried chicken underneath the entertainment center!!!! Is this really a 5 star hotel? Lastly, the jean phillipe pasterie (sp?) had horrible customer service as well. Waited for 15mins for food. Asked if they might have forgotten my ticket. They gave me a lame excuse saying they had to wait for the panini. Really? I just saw 5 ppl in front of me get the same thing I just ordered. Ok I'm done. haha Probably worst experience at a supposedly 5 star hotel. Will not go again. Encore/Wynn is so much better.
4	Really nice place. Can't wait to go back and experience it some more.
1	This hotel has such horrible customer service, I guess Mandalay Bay Resort service isn't much better. NEVER EVER buy a gift card here, never ever go into their establishment, its a big corporation that doesnt care about their clients
4	Very nice, classy hotel on the Strip.  The rooms were large and comfortable and I loved the large shower and well-lighted sinks.The buffet is a good deal at $20, but the line to get in is very long - it took us an hour. The food was generally very good, but not the Chinese food.A better restaurant is Cafe Vettro.  There's still a line to get in, but it moves quickly.  The service and food was excellent so this became our breakfast choice.
5	I rate 5 of 5 stars for the 5 Diamond Aria Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. What can I say? Life is good; life is GREAT at Aria! As a long time Vegas visitor, I have stayed at most of the hotels on the strip. Simply said, my new home in Vegas is Aria. The rooms are modern and elegant, food services impressive and the whole site a  wonder to see. If you can't find me around here, easy, look for me at Aria!
4	This place is a 4 star hotel and lives up to it. I didn't like the fact that they charge a resort fee for internet and gym access...its not even optional, its mandatory. If its mandatory why don't you just add it to the price of the hotel room initially and not sneak it on?? That was messed up, luckily its only $20 a night. Service was good, there wasn't a horrific line to checkin like some of the other vegas hotels. The rooms were clean and the technology in them was pretty cool. I would stay here again.
2	We got a great deal on hotels dot com to stay in a deluxe room.  Walked up to the room but called the front desk after 2 minutes to see if they can offer anything better.  The next bigger sized room was a corner suite.  So we paid a lot more for the upgrade.  Why the upgrade?The king deluxe room was small.  Their shower is in the same space as the tub.  Not a lot of walking room around the bed.  You can find all-suites hotels on the strip for a little bit more than what Aria charges for their deluxe rooms.Also the rooms are dark.  The brown on brown with brown hallways do not work.  The wood paneling in the halls are beaten up.
3	Rather underwhelmed! 1st time staying here, for my 14th Anniv. It's No Palazzo! The best thing about the rm is the bathroom, very nice.  All the state of the art stuff became a little annoying.  My wife couldn't heat the room up & rested with her coat on the first few hours of our stay!  Maintenance had to come & adjust it.  I read a few more reviews which mentioned a similar problem.  For the room to be so technologically stocked, why can't I plug my phone charger near my bed?? The only electrical outlet in the room is on the desk where the tv is.  There were a lot of pools, which I'm sure is nice in the summer.  The gym is adequate & a good size for a hotel.  Location of the Aria is pretty good.  Had very poor cell phone service during our stay (AT&T)
5	We have stayed at Aria on two separate occasions.  On our last visit we had a great room with a view of the strip.  We found the staff very helpful and look forward to our next trip to Vegas!
4	This is one of my favorite casinos to play at, me and boyfriend donated a lot of money to this casino =(( I like that the tables are all spread out as well as the slot machines. I love the decor, it's very dark, warm, and modern. I like the overall atmosphere of the casino. We recently stayed at this casino too, comped of course. The rooms are pretty nice.. here are my pros/cons:Pros:Comfortable bedsShower and tub right next to one anotherNice view of the strip (depending where your room is of course)Nice thick towelsQuick room serviceEverything works at a click of a button (sorta)friendly staffbathtub and shower are right next to one anotherCons:air ventilation in the room sucks, it was always stuffyi wish the stink and mirrors were outside of the restroomoverall, this would be my second favorite place to stay at (Encore/Wynn is my first choice)
3	Decided to give Aria a go for Labor Day weekend since we were comped a suite. Upon check in, I was informed the concierge actually got us a panoramic view corner suite. Big brownie points for them providing those little extras for their M.Life members. The hotel itself is huge so it does take a few minutes to get from A to B; being in a corner suite means you have to walk all the way to the end of each wing from the elevator but need to work off the alcohol somehow right? Our suite was nice but the windows were filthy (kind of defeat the purpose of being in a suite with a view when all you see are muddy dots). The suite also had a lingering cigarette smell even though we were on a non-smoking floor. The living area was nicely equipped two large sofas, coffee table, a working desk, a separate half bath and a mini bar area. I do like the fact that they gave us an empty fridge in addition to the mini bar. One quick note, the mini bar in most M.Life properties (Bellagio, Aria, etc etc) uses sensor technology, so if you pick something up for more than 30 seconds, whether you consume it or not, you will be charged for that item (of course you can dispute any false charges upon checkout). The bedroom was nice and bright; bathroom was very spacious with a tub in the corner facing the strip. Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to take advantage of that.  The suite is meant to be 920 SQ but it felt a lot smaller because the space wasn't correctly utilized. Both baths were huge but the rooms itself were small. One friend had to crash for one night and we couldn't even get a roll away bed in the living room until we moved the coffee table and part of the sectional in the entry way.We had great room service everyday, the staff at the hotel were very friendly and I for one, did not think the Vanilla smell was overwhelming. I might be the odd ball here but I didn't really care for the touch-screen control panel. Call me old fashioned but I don't consider walking into a room and just flick the light switch once to turn the lights on; then once again to turn it off a complicated task that I need a technology device to help me do so.The only thing I would say to keep in mind is that Marquee night and day club is right across the street at the Cosmo hotel and it is VERY loud. We were 15 floors up across the street but heard every single song when we were in our rooms. I was fist pumping in my sleep! It didn't bother us because we were in Vegas to party as well but if you're looking to relax then I would suggest perhaps moving over to the Bellagio or another hotel that is not within close proximity of the IT club in Vegas.Ps. $22 a day resort fee for access to the gym and wifi service.Pps. This hotel is NOT pager (or cell phone) friendly.
2	Definitely a failure. Premium pricing and Motel 6 service. The place is nice enough inside. The rooms are clean and modern. The towels were HORRIBLE motel six scratchy (VERY) and thin. Where Bellagio and other premium hotels have ice waiting for you, Aria is "self service". The service is abysmal. The card key did not work. It took the floor manager (who we happened to see while trying to get into our room) 20 minutes to get approval to let us in with his pass key. Then because we were running late we called down and asked for the key to be sent up. It took 5 minutes for them to answer the phone, then the actually ASKED US TO COME DOWN AND GET THE KEY. First class my x$%&-! As a matter of fact, EVERY call took forever to get answered (room service, housekeeping, and front desk)We've stayed at many similarly priced hotels in Vegas. Bellagio, Venetian, and TI are better. Go there.
4	Second time I stayed at the Aria was for NYE this year. The table minimums have gone up quite a bit. On the plus side, it keeps the crowds out. But on the down side, I don't want to play $5 chips at Roulette at noon. Despite it being a holiday weekend, I could still find tables at MGM going down to $10, even at night.The hotel is nice, but again, my room at MGM Grand is nicer. The Aria room had a bunch of issues. The minibar fridge was broken all weekend so all drinks were hot. We left our room for 7 hours during the day and returned to a dirty room - room service hadn't been picked up and it hadn't been serviced at all. They send someone to clean up finally, but they never refilled the water bottles. Later that night, we call and say, hey we need those waters. They say, that's a separate dept. that fills the minibar and they also didn't do their job. And as a result, to get a bottle of water, we had to pay $30 at room service instead of $10 in the minibar. It was annoying.The beds are very comfortable. The casino itself is nice and attracts a nice crowd.But I still prefer MGM Grand. I never encounter weird problems like those described above and my room is actually nicer at MGM Grand.
4	Another hotel I have not stayed at, but I sure love looking at all these wonderful places..........so much to see, especially when I've never seen them before.  I really liked this hotel (again, can't comment on the rooms).  Very large, modern, sleek hotel.  Loved the colors, design, flooring, fixtures, shops, and in particular, it boasts a Jean Phillipe patisserie.  Loved the fountains outside.  Aside from eating at their buffet (see separate review), we didn't look around all that much.  Will definitely come back here.
2	Nice looking hotel but terrible customer service. We booked a city view room during the holidays but go a room with a  view of the valet area and the casino roof. The strobe lights from the fountain outside lit up the room every 30 seconds and was quite annoying. The hotel front desk  refused to offer us a solution when asked. Also the vanity mirror in the room was broken. It was fixed  after contacting front desk.  We were placed on hold for quite while before being able to talk to anyone. Will not be staying her again. the headache is not worth it.
1	I recently stayed at the Aria and was so excited to have an opportunity to stay at one of the newest hotels in Vegas. The commercials for the hotel get you excited that Aria is THE hotel THE place to be in Vegas. As I pull up to the hotel the signs all around are reinforcing the commercials the Center the Excitement has shifted to Aria. As I pull up the hotel is beautiful the water show is small but eye catching. I enter the hotel and (what) this is it, there must be more. The lobby is plain and there are all these 10 -12ft high partitions blocking my view. I can't see it. Behind each partition is another and another . . .  where is the WOW. . . . .Nothing. There is no wow.The registration is to the right and at 10am there are lines to check in and out. There is no WOW in waiting in line! I get checked in and am on my way to my room. I walk thru the casino to the elevators and it is very brown and dark but no WOW. I get to the hotel room and the curtains open as I go in the room. I did appreciate that. But the room is very brown and boring. I had a nice view of the pool area. The bathroom is small (compared to other hotels on the strip.) and neutral. Now if I'm remodeling my bathroom or buying a house this is the bathroom I would hope to get. I do not expect this from the a Vegas hotel. BORING! The shower/bath tub set up is weird. The tub is behind the shower inside of the glass doors for the shower. It is a weird set up. The towels are so so in quality. The bed is nice and comfortable but the pillows are not. Check out was the same as check in, there are lines of people to check in and out. There are hotel employees telling you which line to queue up in and you wait. There is no WOW in waiting. The woman managing the queue's had the worst breath ever! I wish I could have helped her out with a mint. I keep asking myself why can't the line manager just get behind the counter and start checking people in and out? Seems that for all the 6 or 7 people managing the lines they could actually help with check in/out and move the lines along. All the staff at this hotel lack the enthusiastic nature about them that you usually get from hospitality staff, maybe they are all newbies to the hospitality industry? They are not overly helpful nor do they have the usual customer service I have come to know from staying at any other hotel on the strip. All in all I could have been at the Courtyard by Marriott and had better customer service and a room decorated in a similar boring way. Don't waste your money -- pick another hotel (any other hotel) on the Vegas strip. Especially if this is your first trip to Vegas!! Review of the Convention Center -Can you put the Convention Center any further away from the sleeping rooms?? The walk is a 10 - 15 minute long walk. There is no Starbucks or similar to stop in along the way. The size of the convention center screams that meetings are big part of the Aria hotel business.Then why not cater to us even more by having a convention hotel room tower?? It would be so nice not to walk 10 - 15 to and from my room multiple times a day. The food in the convention center was terrible. The fish was so tough it needed to be cut with a knife or smelled too fishy for my tastes. Needless to say I did not eat it. The Asian themed buffet was bland, boring and lacked any flavor. The breakfast was bland and boring -- thank goodness for the fruit. If you are attending a meeting at this hotel -- BROWN BAG IT. Save the calories for some Vegas cocktails. The "Business Center" should be called the Print Center as they only things they can actually do for you is print and make copies. Meeting Planners do yourself and your meeting attendees a favor and select a hotel with a Full Service Business Center. A Full Service Business Center that opens early, Aria's opens at 8am. Are you kidding me -- 8am??? My meeting starts at 8am.I hope I never see the inside of this hotel again!!!!!!
3	Working conferences, a lot of my hotel reviews are based on hotel staff and how its run. I cry a little time everytime I see the Aria come up on my schedule. The hotel is pretty nice, they don't play muzak on the soundsystem (although I hope you like the same songs being on a 24 hour rotation... Melissa Etheridge is guaranteed at 4:55 pm everyday), and the casino and conference center are condensed/easy to function spaces. The rooms are ok, but like the W hotels...sometimes are too trendy for comfort. I like how the room turns on when you walk in, but it can be a pain in the ass when you want to just turn off your lamp and instead the whole room turns off and puts you to bed. Hope you don't get a room over the Metropolitan pool unless you plan on being down on the party deck, since it can get pretty loud most nights. The connection to City Center is nice because you can get to more restaurants and coffee shops than many other Vegas hotels. I used the spa when I was here last, spent almost $180 on a massage, but at least my back wasn't in excruciating pain when I left. Aria does have THE most comfortable beds I have ever sleep on, but beware if you have back or neck problems (like I do). The first night, it's always a dream. The second night, I woke up every 20 minutes in near tears because it was so soft it provided no back support. Nights 3-8 I slept on the floor. Lucky for me, they also have amazing comforters so I just made myself a little pallet on the floor and curled up. Just an FYI tho, if you have back issues (you don't want to be paying $200 for that previously unnecessary massage). But the conference staff...holy HELL. You'd think they'd never run a big meeting in their existence, which is crap because I stay there enough to know they do. Every single time, though, you'd think it was their first time at the rodeo. Working in meeting planning, you come to have certain standards for conference hotels, and the Aria is notorious with my co-workers as having painfully subpar conference service. I wouldn't mind going back for my own, but I'm still crying on the inside that I'll be back there again in a few weeks for work.
4	I didn't stay at the Aria (but plan to next month, so I'll update if I do), but it is the closest casino to the Vdara.  My husband and I really enjoyed the casino here.  We aren't huge gamblers by any means, but it was nice to sit in a casino and not reek of smoke when we left.  They must seriously circulate the air because it never smelled like smoke!  We loved that.  I also liked that this casino isn't nearly as large as some of them, so you're much less likely to get lost.  Since the hotel is new, everything looks clean and fresh.
5	My husband and I stayed in one of the skysuites and our entire trip was amazing. We spent the majority of our time at the hotel; spa, pool, restaurants, gaming, etc. The entire resort is clean and well kept. Room was quiet, view was gorgeous. The atmosphere is fantastic for our 30-something age range. And, best mojito I've ever had.We will absolutely return to the Aria as our favorite place in Vegas.
1	this weekend was the worst vegas hotel experience i've ever had. no kidding.i got comped a 3 night stay here, with the option to upgrade to a corner suite for an additional $50 a night. i checked in the first night -- no suites to upgrade to, so they gave me a normal room. the next night, i swung by the front desk around 930pm to see if they had a suite i could upgrade to, and lo and behold, they did. the front desk lady asked me to grab all my stuff out of the room and move to the suite.after i went upstairs and roused my friend who was sleeping, someone opened the door 10 minutes in and yelled at us, "why are you in my room?". it looked like the front desk checked this guy into the room we hadn't even vacated yet.we grabbed our stuff as quickly as we could and went a few floors down to the suite.the hallway smelled like weed.i saw a plastic fork, a cellophane wrapper, and sunflower seeds sitting in the hallway.i walk into the room (which is nice, i guess -- +1 for toto washlet equipped toilets) and i find a half-eaten french fry on the ground in the bathroom. a few minutes later, i find the notepad next to the phone had been scribbled on, and there was a bag of trash in one of the cubbies in the desk.after taking a shower the next morning, i find a towel that had bloodstains in it. while the towel had been washed, there were still stains. FMLthe hotel was able to offer me a $50 food and beverage credit and removed one $50/night charge, but it took me a while, waiting on hold. i got placed on hold a few times throughout my stay. what a shitty experience -- i'm never going there again.also, who designed the main valet pickup? you gotta walk all the way through the entire freaking casino or through the traffic rotunda to pick up your car. ridiculously inconvenient if you're carrying your own luggage and checking out.on the bright side, the valet attendants were great and didn't try stuffing my slammed, modified car into the parking garage and the hotel wifi was RIDICULOUSLY fast (22mbits down 15mbits up -- faster than my home internets)don't stay here unless you enjoy disappointment.
2	review for casino floor ONLY.  dark dark dark.  i remember reading when it opened, how light and bright it was inside the casino floor.  NO it's not.  very dark throughout.  again, oddly shaped -- just one long corridor with slots and tables.  more dark than Red Rock...and Red Rock is pretty dark inside.  spacing just seems off and thrown together.  i don't know.
4	This is a pretty interesting hotel, room-wise. Stayed here on the 27th after checking out of Palazzo until the 30th, meaning I just managed to avoid the crazy New Years stuff for the most part.The room: The standard room is much much smaller than the standard 'room' at Palazzo so it was kinda O__o for me after being used to Palazzo for the first few days at Vegas, but I got used to it. What they make up for space is the crazy tech stuff that is their....remote/alarm clock/pad/thing which can turn off the lights, turn on the TV, close the curtains, set the alarm clock, get room service, and all that jazz. The bathroom is pretty small, especially the sink area. There are two sinks, but the area not occupied by the sinks themselves is very small and there isn't a vanity table in the bathroom so I have to put my makeup on top of the drawers by the TV. Despite the small inconvenience, the bathroom has its perks. The layout of the shower and tub is very neat and the shower has a seating area which is nice. The tub is deep so you can easily soak in and enjoy yourself without worrying about spilling water since the tub is right beside the shower in the shower/tub area.The bed is really comfy and there are a lot of pillows and they're pretty soft and comfortable. Overall the room is small, but not bad.The casino: Pretty big with a ton of different stuff to offer for everyone. Most of the minimums I've seen are about $25, sometimes $15, so not too too bad.Location: Great location, close to The Cosmopolitan, Planet Hollywood, with tram rides to Monte Carlo and Bellagio, so you've got your options if you don't want to hang out at Aria the whole time, but don't want to walk too far or pay for the cab. Planet Hollywood has the Miracle Mile Shops that have the more lower-end stuff and there's the Crystals beside Aria for LV, Gucci, and all that, so you're good with all kinds of shopping.Parking: Multiple levels of parking, make SURE YOU READ THE SIGNS on your way to the parking lot. There are different signs with different directions depending on where you're heading so be careful! The parking lot for Aria has multi-levels, but you have to walk a bit to get to the entrance even if you parked on the same floor and near the entrance area. At least it's free?Overall, it's a pretty good place. After staying at both Palazzo and Aria, they have their ups and downs, but they're both really good in their own ways and neither is better than the other, so it comes down to personal taste.
4	Pros: Email notifications to offer standby room upgrades. Corner suites are gorgeous. The bathrooms are absolutely wonderful. Heated toilet seats! Lights, tv, and curtains all controlled through your tv or remote. For being the baseline suite it was pretty nice. Cons: The roughest towels i've ever used. My God, they were rough. It was like using corrugated cardboard. Shampoo and body wash were a total fail as well. I'd describe it as faux soap.
1	To start, this hotel looks nice on the outside and inside.You have to walk past slots and tables and a cafe just to get to your floor elevators. The path to the elevators is monitored by a hotel security representative.The bells and whistles in the king sized bed room are nice.The towels are horrible...Full stocked mini fridge and some nonsense on the top of the counter all of which is x2 or x4 the normal price.The bed and the pillows were the best part of my stay.Pool is Ok. Whirlpool/hot tubs are nice and shaded by Palm trees.22$ Hotel fee per day + what you paid for your room.Long distance calls not included in Hotel fee....There was an incident the last night I was there where security was called and took 20 mins to show up. I was told by a manager that I would get a call from her in a day and never got it. Re-guarding the issue.For a 5 Star 5 Diamond  I expected much much more in service in accommodation.
5	The service is impeccable at Aria, from your first experience with the check-in staff to the housekeeping and dining staff. I ended up needing to change rooms and extend my stay, and they bent over backwards trying to make it as painless as possible given that I needed to do it past the normal checkout time.It's lovely inside and out, and the rooms are very high tech and cool - perhaps a bit TOO high tech, since I couldn't figure out the lighting and TV system even dead sober. Whomever designed the user interface on the room system needs to go back and re-think a few things. All of the controls are "hidden" in the alarm clock, which is actually a touch-screen room manager, which they don't tell you when you check in. Once you figure it out, though, it's kinda cool to set your wakeup experience to be softly elevating lights, an automatic opening of the blackout drapes, and soothing music or TV.I don't know what the beef is about the towels, but maybe they changed softener recently. I didn't notice them one way or the other. Loved the little amenities like robes that were generously sized. I could see this being a romantic spot. The best thing of all? The queen sized mattresses! I switched rooms from king to two queens, and I seriously didn't want to get out of bed the next day. It was like heaven...I checked the label and they were custom made Sealy Posturpedic ultraplush something or other. Now I don't think I'll be happy until I own one.I'd stay here again if money wasn't an issue - the price was pretty high for a Vegas hotel, and doubled during CES conference.
4	didn't stay here this CES, but since I never left a review for this place I'll use this one as a placeholder.4 stars.  love the suites. it's really a toss up for me between aria and vdara.  they're both in the awesome city center so I really don't mind which I stay at.nice bars, restaurants and clubs here.  also hit a triple 7 on my first try here on one of the slots haha.  yay.
5	Pros: beautiful hotelhigh tech roomsfriendly staffgreat poker gamesvery cleangood locationCons: the complimentary soap and shampoo could have smelled betterthe blackjack dealers take your money#winning
3	Stayed in a standard two queen room at Aria. The room was clean  and the bed was wonderful. The bathroom was large with a great shower, but they could really use some better towels. The high-tech aspect of the room was a bit much and had a bit of a "laggy" feeling to it. The art and carpet in the room left a bit to be desired. The large window was about as dirty as a window could be: it was absolutely filthy.The key system was by far my biggest complaint. I had to visit the front desk five times for new keys, including once in the middle of the night in which they eventually had to have security let me into my room, due to them not working properly. Front desk handled the situation with class, eventually giving me a handful of keys and a food/beverage credit. Even still, being forced to sit in the hallway outside of my room at around 4am in the morning was a real drag.Everyone working at Aria was extremely friendly and helpful. All-around great staff; I wish I had written their names down but then again they were all impeccable. Checking in and out was a bit of a mess, there was no real order to it, with a big mass of people lining up in seemingly random fashion. Sometimes it took a long time for the front desk to answer the phone; it seemed like they were under staffed. Aria was built in such a way that walking anywhere takes a long time. The walk to the strip from your room is pretty long, but the walk from your room to anywhere is ludicrous. For example, the valet is next to a set of doors on the entire other side of the hotel from the front desk. The room elevators are directly in the middle. Not sure why the elevators are so far away from the front desk or why they decided to put the valet where they did.Overall it was a decent stay, but I found myself asking time and time again "what makes this better than TI, Planet Hollywood, or any of the other mid-range properties on the strip?" Nothing really made it jump out as a top-of-the-line place. P.S. The whole $20 + tax resort fee per night is incredibly shady. Just include it in the base rate instead of trying to sneak it in under our noses.
4	Overall very nice. I'd give it a 3.5-4 out of 5. Was clean modern and quiet.  The location on the strip is very nice and central as well.  The price was fair for what we got.  Also I'm not a huge fan of buffets but went to the complimentary breakfast buffet and found it to be excellent.  I wish they just added the resort fee into the price of the room however as the 20.00 extra per day is a bit bitter
4	Loved my stay at the Aria.  Stayed for just one night on a Friday.The room is sexy as hell - when you walk in, the curtains automatically open and the television turns on, with a text on it greeting you.  Bed was super comfy, the shower was great, and there was also a massive tub.  Minus one star for crappy water pressure at the sink.  This place also charges a "resort fee" which has unfortunately become de rigeur in Vegas, so you will pay a little more than the advertised cost of the room.  I feel like I can't really blame the Aria for that though, since it's pretty much impossible to find a good hotel on the strip that doesn't charge that these days.
4	Stayed here for EDC 2011 - it was a nice experience.We must have pulled into the back valet because we had to walk basically across the entire casino just to get to the front desk area to check-in.  The staff was friendly (yes, even the elevator security guys).  It was a luxury to have stayed at the Aria after a long evening of partying for 3 days straight in a desert.  Rooms = clean, sleek, modernized w/ technology upgrades that other LV hotels don't have.  A touchscreen remote that allows you to be the controller of the lights, shades, TV, music, alarm clock, etc.  On the smaller side, yet still good for four people. Beds = soft w/ fluffy pillows.  I just sank into the bed.  It was so comfy.Bathroom/Shower = It is of decent size.  I think I remember there being only 1 sink, yet plenty of counter space. There was a shower & a jet tub - only the shower was used that weekend.  First you walk through the glass shower door then behind that was the tub.  The showers always felt amazing - I didn't want to leave.  I'm pretty sure our room also came with an electronic scale.Casino = Clean, sometimes a little crowded looking.  Multiple eateries surrounding the exterior.  Buffet = One of my favorites in LV, but I can also say I haven't had much of a variety.  The first time I ate here, we were offered a 1/2 lobster tail for their grand opening or something.  Nightlife = Haze, probably one of the smallest nightclubs ever in LV.  It is below the main level and usually has a small to non-existent line to get in.Valet = You must go on the bottom level to pick up your vehicle.  Not too bad of a walk considering you would be taking an escalator downstairs.Pool = There were I believe 3 different pools - I only experienced 1.  It was a nice, hot, sunny afternoon & finding an open spot to sit would have been difficult without the help of one of the hostesses.  The pool had people in it, but it wasn't crowded and nor did the water look murky like other hotel pools might be.  I wanted to order drinks, but it was pretty hard trying to flag down a waitress.  We ended up not ever ordering b/c no one ever came our way.  Oh well, less money for us to spend anyways... but I did want a drink! :/2 or 3 months after my stay, Aria sends a letter in the mail explaining how there had been some bacteria in their water systems that was causing some of their guests to become ill.  This was supposedly fixed by the time we had gotten the notice.  Luckily, no one from my party got sick.  Side Notes:  I like the large waterfall display they have in the front of their hotel.  Its so peaceful & I can sit and watch it for hours (i'm exaggerating).
5	Came here few months back in November for Bday parties, pretty much have nothing to complain about, nice, clean, modern, perfect location. Of course you have to throw down some guap, but if u wanna live the life you got to pay the price....but it wasn't that pricey. Some friends were livin the life a lil better over at the PH Towers and it was nice there too, TV projector, hot tub, kitchen.  But until I'm livin the life for reals, you can catch me most of the time at Monte Carlo or Excaliber
3	We stayed here and let me give you my candid advice..Pros- very clean room with modern featuresCons- the room does not have electric outlets by the bed- the casino dealers are the most unfriendly on the strip- the entire place is "stuffy", go next door to monte Carlo for a good time- taxi line in the morning in 20-30min...more than any other strip hotelOverall, the nice room got it the 3 stars, but overall not a greet experience.
3	I stayed at Aria a little after it first opened. I even got proposed to here in this hotel. :) However, that's as far as my happiness goes with this hotel. I don't think I would ever stay here again unless it was cheap like under $110/night. Customer service here was terrible, concierge couldn't help us with club hookups or guestlists or anything of that sort. We tried tipping the customer service person when we first checked in and she wouldn't upgrade us to a larger room or a nicer room, even though she kept our $20 tip. Lame. I just think this hotel is very over-hyped and just glamorous looking without the proper staff. The rooms are very high tech with everything controlled by a remote control on the nightstand which was very cool. However it still would do quirky things like turn on the lights when we didn't want it to or open our blinds at odd hours. We had to call repair service to get it fixed. Also it is a little odd that the toilet is in a closet room but with clear but frosted glass doors, so you can see someone on the toilet while at the sink... it was almost pointless to have a door to the toilet if it's going to be clear yet frosted. Lame once again. But the tub was a good size, can fit two people a little tight. It was just a little oddly placed. But it was enjoyable. We also tried the buffet here and it was nothing to rave about, I hardly even remember it. Nothing extraordinary. The only plus side to this hotel is that it's walking distance to the other hotels in City Center like the Cosmopolitan and the mall which has super high end shops that I can't even afford to look inside of. But the bonus would be if Marquee was open at the time it was definitely walking distance, but unfortunately the Cosmo wasn't finished being built at the time. The only club we did get to go to in this area as Eve and it was lack-luster unfortunately. Even though I really wanted to love it since it is Eva Langoria's club. Also, we were able to go to Haze from here and that was also lack-luster. I wouldn't go back to either of these clubs. Too bad.
1	My boyfriend and I spent 5 days and 4 nights at the Aria and the experience very, very bad.  I would NOT stay here again.  Their customer service and attention to detail is horrible even though the cost to stay at this hotel is high.Our trip was booked as a package through expedia.  My boyfriend called the hotel ahead of time to book my spa services through the concierge.  Because we were booking such an expensive spa package the concierge told us that we may be eligible for a free room upgrade and that we should talk to the front desk associates to see if it could be done.  When my boyfriend spoke to the front desk over the phone they flat out refused.  I told him i would ask when we arrived.When we arrived at the hotel the front desk clerk was surly and unhelpful and when I asked about the room upgrade he offered to upgrade our room, for an additional $70 per night.  He then proceeded to tell us that room upgrades are specials and that they were not having any of them during our stay.  (OK so there is OBVIOUSLY a communication problem going on between the concierge and the front desk.)  We aked if there would be a hold placed on the credit card that was used to book the room.  Normally there is, but BECAUSE the room was PRE-PAID we felt that IF there was going to be a HOLD it shouldn't be for the full amount.  But the clerk assured us that there would be NO hold on the account.  Just to be sure we clarified and asked again.  And he answered 'No, there won't be a hold placed on the credit card.'When we got up to the room, it was VERY 'high-tech' (not in a good way).  We are pretty tech-savvy but it took us a while to figure out HOW to work everything.  Come to find out that one of the light-bulbs in the bathroom were out.  (This to me means that they do NOT check the room after a guest has checked out OR before another guest checks in.)  I called the front desk and they sent someone to fix the light.  For some reason after they had fixed that light, the MASTER switch for the room was messed up in the process.  I had to call AGAIN, and then AGAIN.  My boyfriend had also made a request for something for me in the room that was NOT there upon arrival.We went to have dinner at SAGE in the hotel.  The dinner was fabulous but EXPENSIVE at $400.  My boyfriend used his credit card, but it got declined because of a $700 HOLD.  We had asked TWICE if there would be a hold placed and both times we were told 'NO'.  We ended up charging the meal on our room, and proceeded to the front desk.  We spoke to a clerk at that front desk and he assured us that it was a mistake, then he spoke to the night manager about it.  The night manager said that he would have the hold removed BY the next morning.  We also requested a late check-out which the clerk said they would comp because of all of our trouble.The next morning my boyfriend called and checked his credit card, the hold had NOT been removed.  So we went BACK down to the front desk and asked to speak to a manager.  We went through the entirety of our issues.  She blamed the front desk clerk who we had at check-in for not giving us the proper information, and said that the concierge had NOTHING to do with room upgrades.  She did waive our resort fee and give us a $75 food and beverage credit for all the trouble, which we accepted.  She also offered to upgrade our room (but we were only there for one more night and moving all of our belongings would have been more of a hassle so we opted out of that).  She said that they would be SURE to fix the lighting issue in our room.When we got back up to our room the light issue was STILL NOT resolved.  The next day was our check out so before we went to sleep I told my boyfriend to CALL and make sure we had late check-out.  He called, and what do you know?? We did NOT have late check-out.  The next morning went to get our boarding passes printed (which is included as a part of the services you pay for through the resort fee).  We were waiting in line (with one person ahead of us) for the concierge to print our boarding passes, when one of the employees pulled us away and directed us to the 'free' computers that we could use to do it ourselves, but the computer wanted to charge us.  So we had to go BACK to the concierge desk and stand back in line (there were now FIVE people ahead of us).  After we had checked out we went to the coffee/deli area to get food before we went to the airport.  We ended up waiting 20 minutes for confirmation of our food and beverage credit. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE.I WILL NEVER STAY AT THE ARIA AGAIN!!!
3	Very new and beautiful...drink service was terrible though. Needs to polish up their act to stay competitive otherwise they are going to keep bleeding money. The potential is there, just hope they find it before it is too late...
5	Let me be clear, I hate Vegas.  I hate the zombie people, the filth, the smoke, and packs stupid girls living out their version of Jersey Shore drama.The moment I walked through the doors of the Aria, any fears that I had of being back in Sin City were assuaged.  A blast of sweet vanilla scented air enveloped me as I walked in--the first clue that this is not going to be your typical Vegas experience.  The lobby is sleek and it felt like I was walking into the lobby of a W Hotel.  No ridiculous lines to check in or batches of bridal shower bimbos.  The experience is upscale from the start.  From a smooth and easy check in, I went to the concierge, who immediately booked a table for me at Sage (fantastic!), then off I went to the 54th floor.  YES, the 54th floor baby! Free upgrade at check in--THAT was nice.The moment I opened the door to the room, the lights came on and the curtains drew back automatically.  The lighting, heat, and entertainment area all controlled by a device that sort of looks like an iPad.  THe room design was nice and with floor to ceiling glass I was able to look down onto the strip from a bird's eye view.  IMPRESSIVE.  The room was nicely appointed and the bedding is the stuff of dreams.  The bathroom had a cool set up and was perfect.The Aria is so different from the rest because the feel throughout is upscale and sophisticated.  Unlike some of the allegedly upscale dinosaurs on the strip, the Aria has a hip and almost European feel to it--perhaps largely due to the amazing patisserie and gelato bar on the casino floor.  Yes, there is a casino obviously, this is Vegas right, but you NEVER get overwhelmed by it.  For the life of me, I don't even remember hearing a single "ding-ding-ding!"  Clearly, the designers of the Aria were astute enough to make the gaming experience discreet.The Aria is unlike any other, and having stayed at the Wynn, the Encore, MGM, Aladdin, and others, it will be the only place I say, should I find myself back in Vegas.
4	I really liked this hotel/casino. The casino was large, clean, and had a good amount of machines, tables, and a sports book. Buffet for breakfast was a good deal at $16 dollars, and was quite extensive. I stayed at the nearby Vdara but my friend's room seemed pretty nice (except for the bizzaro tv mounted on a random pillar in the room). We walked all over the strip but ended up just doing most of our gaming here because it was convenient and accessible. Recommended.
3	Does Aria mean = Ahhhhhh Righ(t) huh?! Because that's probably how you'd feel = all right! (I know that was lame...... please don't shoot me for that one). Very beautiful and extravagant! I didn't stay here, but just visiting the casino - amazing architecture! Especially their city-center! Lots of shops that I can hardly afford! (hence my window shopping). But hey, this place is swanky so if you've got the $$$ check this place out!FYI = they've got a tram that connects you to Bellagio!
3	Oh i've stayed here once and boy was i disappointed. The hotel here is dark  and makes me want to kill myself. Also the high-tech remote makes me want to through it across the room I think Control4 makes the equipment. The city Center is extravagant large and you are amazed by the size but inside the room is sort of sucky... IMO. I'm going to have to give this place another shot, but as of right now for a new casino i think i'd rather stay at Cosmo...
2	Aria is definitely one of the nicest casinos on the strip interior design wise, but looks can be deceiving! Since it is built to be modern and mostly run technologically it has A LOT of small ticks that occur from time to time, example remote control blinds often don't respond and since the remote controls virtually everything in your room, if it fails you're in a pickle! I stayed here when the hotel first opened and during that time it had a SEVERE amount of technical problems so I never dared to venture back stay in their suites again. I do like the shopping area and the table games area but aside from that I personally would not recommend investing your money unless you're willing to take a risk.
4	We had an amazing deal for the corner suite during the Winter.  We booked a corner suite for only $169 per night (normally $400 per night).  It was spacious, clean, and hi-tech.My boyfriend works in computers, so anything hi-tech excites him.  Our suite consisted of a living room, 2 bathrooms, and a bedroom.  This was almost 1000 sq ft of living space!  Remote controls controlled almost everything in your room from the heating/cooling system, lights, tv, draperies, to the music.  The bedroom was in the corner with floor to ceiling windows facing the gorgeous Aria architecture.   The master bath was huge.  It had a jacuzzi tub, flat-screen tv, sauna shower, and a remote controlled toilet.  Our stay was memorable.  With a room like this, who needs to leave the hotel ;)
5	Amazing place and great customer service !!!
5	Aria = modern extravagance.We had a corner suite above the 50th floor, and it was STUN-NINGGG.  The bedroom offered floor to wall windows, and it felt like you were waking up in a high rise worthy of the classiest New York City housewife.The modern and contemporary decor was amazing, and the oval tub was incredible.  Separate shower and toilet, and once again did I mention the views?!?!?We loved how much it didn't feel like you were in Vegas, and the casino and restaurants weren't over crowded either.  "the Buffet" was good too, excellent desserts, all you can eat crab legs, and the beef sliders were bomb!Honestly, we felt like we were the KarTRASHians basking in non-Vegas, but Vegas glamour.You can also get good deals if you book at the right time!  Seriously, if you can, get a corner suite.  You won't regret it!!!!!
2	I was at the pool. It's windy as hell. Something flew in my eye. Stung really bad, still in my eye.  I asked the life guard for help because I was in pain. She just said you'll be fine and brushed it off. I asked for emt. But she did not do anything.  I was very upset.  No help, no service, nothing.
1	Their Sportsbook sucks. Their rooms are "modern" but there were no open electrical outlets near the bed, which is pretty unacceptable. Who wants to charge their phone on the other side of the room? The Towels were very rough and not soft. The staff is "Friendly" but in a "I just want a tip" and will smile and pretend to be nice, kind of way.Their SPORTS BOOK is literally the worst one I have been to at any of the major Casinos here.  The cashiers are rude, and they all left prior to the end of the last NBA Game of the night.  Yes, they were gone before 9:00pm.  They would not cash out peoples winning tickets and forced them to deal with the Casino Cashier's who do not know anything about the Sports Book and failed to cash 2 of my winning tickets.  The customer service I experienced here was horrendous, and I will never step foot in this hotel again. I will be going out of my way to let everyone I can know about how sub par this hotel was and how crappy my experience was.  Shame on MGM for opening this hotel with such shitty customer service.  Oh, and our room wasn't ready for 2 hours.  HouseKeeping didn't show up till late afternoon, and overall I would rate my experience a 2 out of 10.
4	Stayed here with the wife for her 40th birthday last weekend.  Nice place but not quite on the level of a Wynn resort.  Encore makes you feel like a VIP the second you walk in the door.  Aria doesn't feel quite the same.The place is nice, very modern looking and clean.  The room was well appointed with qood furnishings but it was a tad small.  We didn't eat at the resort other than having a late night snack at the 24 hour cafe.  It was decent but the music from Haze on a Thursday night was vibrating the floor and walls!  Friday night there was an outdoor club, acorss the way (Marquee I think) that was audible through the window.  Luckily we had already been out partying so I was pretty tired and getting to sleep wasn't a problem.The pool was great but they must put some crazy chemicals in there because my eyes were KILLING me a couple of hours later.  The gym is top notch, just about every kind of machine you could want.The shopping over at the Crystals is insane!  Not many people there but then again who has the money to shop at Fendi, Dolce & Gabanna or Hermes?  It was prety funny seeing all of the shop employees with nothing to do.
5	Stayed at the Aria while in Vegas.  Very nice rooms... Love the fact that everything (lights, A/C, window shades, etc) is controlled digitally.  Also was really impressed by the ultra modern bathroom.  The fact that the bathtub is inside the shower was a really cool feature.  Definitely recommend!
3	Biggest Pet Peeve: If you have AT&T service, your cell phone will be spotty.  It will look like you have a big signal, but nothing will work.  This happened in the rooms as well as the casino.I did like the location.  Walking distance to shopping, restaurants, other casinos.  The little pastry/cafe shop was conveniently located right by the elevators to the rooms. The rooms themselves felt big & airy with lots of natural light.  The bathroom was a little odd.  The shower & tub were separate, but in the same glass enclosure.Overall, the hotel felt a little worn for such a new place.  It's nice that there is wifi throughout the hotel/casino, but not sure it's worth the resort fee.
4	I really enjoyed our stay at the Aria.  The customer service upon check-in was top notch.  We were a group of women spread between 2 rooms, and they were happy to put our rooms next to each other when we asked.  Awesome!The fact that everything in the room (the lights, the drapes, the TV, etc) could be controlled from this little touch screen thing next to the bed was cool, although I must admit I wasn't the most proficient at controlling things.  I could see how a senior citizen might get super confused just trying to control the TV.The beds were ultra comfy and provided a great night's sleep.The relaxing, deep bathtub with bath salts was a nice touch as well.We got a great price for our stay over the weekend...$160 per night.  We also got an extra $100 resort credit which we used towards dinner one night.
4	I like the aria.  They need to tone down the vanilla scent.  The check in process is still a pain, they never have rooms ready.
5	beautiful =)but .. the suites are not suites. We booked the Sky Suites where you go up through a different entrance and you feel like a super hero because you pass all this security and big doors .. but the rooms are regular size!! boooobut i still give you 5 stars baby =)
5	LOVE IT HERE. thats all :)
1	Check out is ridiculous!!!! Nice rooms and techy gadgets but check out in room doesn't even work and then when you get to the lobby...crazy long line.
1	When we booked our stay at Aria I expected a 5 star experience. WRONG. From the moment we got there we were disappointed. We were exiting our limo when a bell hop came over to us and asked to take and hold our bags as we go to check in. We explained that we have dinner reservations and needed our luggage ASAP to change and what not and we did not mind taking our own luggage up to our room. He insisted and promised that they will have our luggage up in 5 minutes. LIE. When we called down for our luggage they said 25-30 minutes. We explained the situation as well as our conversation with the bell hop and got "Well why don't you just come down here and get it yourself" as a response. (Strike 1)Once in our room and unpacking we notice that there is dust everywhere. Not just in a few odd places, but EVERYWHERE. The table in between the two beds had a sheet of dust covering it, looked like no one had cleaned it in weeks. There was a leftover open snack on the counter. The bathroom floor had hair. We got a dirty room. We decided not to make a big deal of it as housekeeping will clean the room the following day. WRONG. The following day we did not leave our room until 2PM and housekeeping had still not showed up. No big deal. When we returned that evening our room was "cleaned". "Cleaned" meant they made the bed. They left the dust. They left the garbage. They left the pile of used, dirty towels and did not give us new towels. (Four girls, one room.. we need towels). We called down to request new towels, 20 minutes later someone brought us 2 towels.  (Strike 2)When we checked in we asked for a late check out on the day we leave because we have a reservation for 5 girls at the hotel spa at 2PM. They assured us that would not be a problem, especially since we will be going to the spa. They said our check out time is 2PM. LIE. Saturday night we call down to double check our check out time. What do you know we are told to check out no later than noon and if we would like to stay and check out at 2 they will gladly charge us for the extra half day. Not to mention housekeeping came at 9AM banging on the door, not to clean the room but to see if we would like to have it cleaned later on. Are you kidding me? (Strike 3) If you have AT&T good luck. Hit or miss on your service and it doesn't matter if you are using 3G or the hotel Wi-Fi the Internet is horrible, mine worked in only 3 spots in the room. Every call ended in a drop call. For as high tech the room is I expected outlets everywhere. WRONG. No outlets by the bed. The only 2 outlets they have available in the room are on the table on the opposite side of the room. Hope you don't have to plug more than 4 things in. (Again 4 girls, 4 phones.. and then there is a camera, a notebook etc.. but I guess charging electronics in the bathroom outlet by the sink is acceptable at Aria). The hotel itself including the casino floor does not have that Vegas smoke smell. The guest elevators are at a very inconvenient place. You check in and have to literally go through half of the casino to make it to the elevator. The room itself was very dark and had almost no lighting. The hotel and rooms are very high tech, however the bedside remote to control the room is extremely bright. They have black out curtains that are opened/closed by remote and various buttons throughout the room, however when closed they do not work, light comes in. The towels remind me of the cheap motel type. They were sandpaper rough. I expected some nice soft plush towels and robes instead I got motel towels. The beds are very comfortable, so are the pillows.
3	I was here just this past weekend and it was a nice stay! We got there Saturday around 11 am and was able to check in and get a room right away. We were placed on the the 5th floor and i asked if it was possible to get on a higher floor but he said we have to wait another 2 hours or more, so we just took the room. The room was nice and roomy,lots of closet space and nice bathroom! Beds were so comfy but the room was a little dusty, you can see it on the glass counters and sink knobs. The hotel had this Vanilla scent which i didn't like but didn't bother me too much. I don't think ill stay there again unless there's a really good deal!
5	I was lucky enough to have another stay at the SkySuites at Aria, and after many weekends in various hotels in Vegas, I can surely say Aria is hands and feet above the other hotels in customer service and luxury.
4	This place is HUGE... Had a conference here and I'm glad I wore my comfortable shoes, because there is a lot of walking to get around.  Didn't see the hotel rooms since I stayed next door at the Vdara, but I heard they were nice.  The conference center was great, but again huge, so expect to walk!  Sports bar section was nice even though the Knicks cost me 100 bucks...correction...cost my husband 100 bucks...lol.  Gave me a free drink ticket for my bet, but when claimed, i got the weakest drink on the planet.  oh well.  the chocolate dragon by the chocolate store was incredible.  I wish I got to see the store more closely, but I guess my wallet is happy I didn't...
4	Room is spacious enough. Everything is controlled by remote, even the curtains is remote controlled.  Bathroom is great with a tub.  Only drawback is getting to the room can be confusing.
4	This is a lovely hotel. The remote control lighting is hard to figure out and has a mind of it's own. The curtains open and close at whim. Our room is VERY far away from the elevators (there's only one set on the floor). The bed makes up for most of it...Great tub, good restaurants, nice decor. Careful of the weight sensitive minibar, and bring your own wires, as they don't have a dvd player or the wire necessary to connect it to the television.
3	We spent 6 nights at Aria, as hubby's company had a conference in Vegas for a week.  While I should not be complaining because our room was upgraded, its disappointing how it all happened.We checked in with one of his coworkers, and there were about 30 rooms total from his company booked at the hotel, in addition to the guests to their convention also held at the hotel.When we got there, we were told they were completely out of nonsmoking rooms, and we'd have to stay in a smoking room.  When we objected, we were accommodated with an upgraded nonsmoking room.First of all, the rooms were booked several months in advance.  Second, maybe the shortage of rooms is an indicator that you should increase the number of nonsmoking floors??? Just a thought.The part that is MOST upsetting is that he was told "you should have called to confirm".  Really?  At an establishment this nice? When his company has THAT many rooms and a huge conference room booked?  For several weeks in advance?  Really?  He's never told this by any other hotel he travels to on a regular basis.The room was lovely and very clean.  The mattress was very comfortable and we slept well.  The shower floor was very slippery, so bring shower shoes if you tend to lose your footing in the bathtub.  i believe it is one slab of granite or other natural stone.The room is highly automated and I found it to be challenging at times to control the TV and lights.  I finally had it mastered by day 5.  It was very nice to wake up to the sound of your window treatments opening at your designated time, and looking out on the strip as you wake up.****NOTE**** There is no refrigerator for your use.  It is fully-stocked and weighed.  If you even open the door, you throw off the scales and are charged for something.  Also, there is no coffee maker in the room, so plan on buying your coffee there.There is a way to connect your iPod to the room, but you have to supply the cables to do so.  So, bring your iPod cables from home if you want to hear your own music.  There is available music (I'm guessing Satellite?) on the TV.If you're staying in the hotel, they gave a discount on the Elvis Cirque Du Soliel show, which was very enjoyable.A lovely place, but if I'm staying on my own dime, I'm heading to Bellagio.  I can't complain much since I didn't pay for our stay.WI-FI is not free, and it is poor/slow.  Plan on tethering from your cell phone if you want reliable service.
1	Overall, nice accommodations.  Clean, new, with average air quality on casino floor.  However, the fact that the wifi only works from 6am to 8am makes this place a definite No-Go, if you need to access your emails or get work done.  Phones, tablets and laptops are completely off line here.  There does exist technology to fix this, but Aria has decided to not provide this to their clientele.  More offensive is that they charge you a mandatory $25 per day for their wifi access, which doesn't actually exist.  My wife and I visited other hotels, and had no issues getting emails.  Texting too doesn't work.  I would not stay here again; there are many other nice resorts where something so frustrating doesn't ruin the trip.
3	Aria is very luxurious and elegant. Idk why we chose the Executive suite with the conference table. we were just a bunch of college students who wanted to play bp on it but couldn't. The table was too long! We stayed here last June 2011 and had fun. The video online was very deceiving, the room looked smaller in real life and we paid a fortune for it! Nice hotel, but our suite wasn't great. We should've settled for something below the exec suite. However, the view was amazing! It overlooked the swimming pools so the waters looked beautiful at night. The swimming pools were fun, there were 3 pools I believe. Great service. The sink was awful! The water poured out way too fast and it would get everywhere when we tried washing our hands. There wasn't really a kitchen like PH. Just a bar area and a crappy sink and small fridge. We ended up at the club Haze, it wasn't great. The casino was nice, my friends liked gambling at Aria. We came here another time and got great comps at the buffet. But the  buffet was terrible! Hmm, don't know if we'll be staying here again.
4	Drastic improvements! No issues with power failure this time and got to enjoy the city view and the attentive service. Hotel management is responsive and customer service is truly superb. Our flight was delayed and so check in was closer to midnight versus the original 9:30 pm set arrival time. Unfortunately they gave away our original room but upgraded us to a sky suite upon realizing that our room was cancelled. Too bad we weren't there longer to enjoy the comfortable beds and luxury bathroom. I returned due to customer service reaching out to me after posting this negative review. They offered me a complimentary night and I'm glad we took them up on the offer as I have a much better impression now.
4	We were picked up in a limo from the airport and drove along Las Vegas Blvd into the Aria Hotel, we walked out and it was glorious. The waterfall was amazing and I felt like a queen. The lobby is gorgeous with their high ceilings and the front desk staff was very polite. They gave us a free upgrade with a city view instead of the bathtub in the bathroom. We were on the 23rd floor right in the middle of the hotel and the view was unbelievable, a low floor because my boyfriend wanted a smoking room. (jerk) When we walked in , the curtains opened up and all the controls are touch screen. Our room was a bit smaller than the rest of the groups but the bathroom was enormous! I absolutely loved the shower and our king bed was very comfortable.The pool in the aria was great, only tow were open at the time because it was off season and the waitresses walking around are very nice. The hot tub was huge and at a very good temperature. I didn't give it five stars because i ordered champagne and strawberries as a surprise and they told me it should be there within the hour, it took a lot longer than that and I was a little upset but I did love everything else about the hotel so I didn't complain, things happen. Overall it's great and if you like the modern look, definitely stay at this hotel and you can get some great prices!
3	I was really hoping the Aria would impress me more than the 3.5 star rating it's been given.  Unfortunately, yelpers don't lie.  NOT IMPRESSED.The good:-The rooms are pretty technologically savvy.  There's an iPad-like thing located on the nightstand that controls basically everything.  You can close the blinds, control the TV, and even "refresh" the room (which also puffs some smelly-goods into the bathroom!) without even leaving your bed!-The bell-people are friendly and quick.  We had no problem getting our stuff to our room and then back to our car when we left.The not so good:-The north valet guys are RUDE.  They don't direct you to where they want you to park, but then honk someone's horn when you park in the wrong spot.-The mini fridge is completely unusable.  If you pick up an item for more than 30 seconds, you're automatically charged.  The person checking us in didn't bother to inform us, but fortunately I heard the person next to us being told, so we had no issues.  The fridge is also stuffed to the gills, so don't bother putting your own stuff in it.-The towels are HARD.  I prefer to exfoliate with face wash, but this was a double whammy.  At least my face was nice and smooth after a double exfoliation.-No free water bottles in the room.  Sorry, but I'm paying $25 a day in resort fees.  I think a bottle of water would be nice.-I frequently heard the neighbors talking at 2 a.m.  The walls should be a bit thicker.  I can understand hearing someone scream, but regular talking?-The valet people just aren't as nice as I expect.  Offer me directions, it means a lot even if I don't need them.Here's the deal:  If I'm paying $200 a night for a room, I expect a certain level of service and I just didn't get it here.  There was nothing WRONG with the hotel room, but the service just wasn't up to par.  Comparing to the Aria's sister hotel next door, Vdara, the Aria just didn't live up to my expectations.  The Vdara is cheaper, quieter, and smells nicer, due to it being a non-smoking, non-gaming property.  They offer two free bottles of water a day in the rooms and also offer directions every time we retrieve our car from valet.  In the future, I'll stay at Vdara.
2	I stayed here with a group of around 10 in a Corner King Suite.You'd expect a big suite there to have everything perfect right? NOPE! All the batteries from our remotes were missing, we had no speaker system to hook up our phones into, and the hotel service was extremely slow in responding to our issues despite our multiple reminders.The upside is that its a nice modern hotel and its in the center of the vegas strip, so you can easily walk anywhere you want on the strip or if you taxi it won't cost too much. If only Haze was a nightclub worth hitting up while staying there though..
5	Very classy hotel that isnt overly decorated.What can I say, this is a very nice hotel, and nicely decorated.  I love Bellagio but it's too bling blingy whereas this place is very modern and nice.  Service is nice, food is great, very relaxing and comfortable.  The location is really good too.  The tram is very convenient to get to other nearby hotels.If you look around, you will be able to find great deals especially if you check in Sunday or Monday instead of Friday or Saturdays.  The food at restaurants are really good, only a bit pricy.  If you like the value deal, try weekday breakfast or lunch at the buffet.  they are basically the same price as sandwiches they sell at the cafes here.the fitness center is really pretty and nice too.the only surprise I found was when you move anything in the refrigerator, it automatically charges you.  Supposedly they let you borrow a refrigerator if you ask, I never have though.  There is a guy who brings a cart around everyday and checks mini-bar to see if you need refilling.  Make sure you place back the drinks in there before this guy comes in if you dont want to be charged.
1	Aria is try-hard. The check-in guy made the worst small talk I've ever encountered. Utter dribble. Tried too hard to be friendly and came off super awkward and superficial. The rooms try too hard to be modern.  There are several sets of buttons in the room that do different things depending on the state of the room. Totally not intuitive, guys. Try to be more like Apple and less like Microsoft with your design choices.The rooms themselves are high-quality, clean, and look modern. If you're going for a sexy night, then it does the trick.ATT signal quality was poor in my room on the 18th floor, such that it would take about 5-10 min to send/receive messages. So, if you're making a rendezvous, you might want to communicate from the lobby floor.The supposed iPhone/iPod dock takes a proprietary connector that you must buy from the wet bar for ~$30. What a rip-off. So, bring a male-to-male audio cord that plugs into your headphone and into their line-in jack.Also, I could hear a family through the adjoining door in the room, so perhaps they could also hear me, my gf, and our $30 iPhone music at midnight. Oh well. I paid $$$ for the room, I'm gonna use it.
4	I don't know why, but Aria never feels cozy.  I think it's just overly spacious and spread out, but it is kind of relaxing.  Some of the other casinos are just PACKED all the time, so it is a nice change of pace.The rooms alone though are always clean, modern, comfortable with a nice bathroom setup.The standard rooms have floor to ceiling windows, nothing new with modern places.  But they all have a faux corner window design that I think every single hotel or condo building in the world should utilize.  Makes you feel like you have a corner unit.  Nice touch.
3	Sad to say the ARIA is a 'try hard' modern, classy, simple, but techy hotel!  There's a wannabe iPad thing by the bed to control the TV, lights (both in the guestroom AND bathroom), curtains, etc.  You can set the alarm to turn on all the lights and open the curtains too. Now that's something i could get used to! :)The rooms have this grand entrance when you walk in:  EVERYTHING turns on!  All the lights, the TV, and curtains are all on and open.  Fancy!  The technology in this room can be a bit challenging.. and sometimes the iPad next to the bed lags.  It would've been nice to have an outlet next to the bed to charge my phone.It has a romantic feel so I'd definitely recommend this place as a couples getaway destination (my king room can fit 2 people comfortably, 4 would be pushing it!)  Personally for me?  It feels so far away from everything happening in Vegas.  It's not as busy as the other casinos, and there's really nowhere to really just grab a bite - everything is sit down.The neat thing is there's an AV panel in the room - so you can connect your iPod/iPhone, HDMI, USB, and audio stuff - the catch?  You have to have your own cables (or you can open the weighed box on the counter they'll probably charge you like $50! lol).  So, bring your cables from home if you want to hear your own music - this was a huge disappointment for me because I have so much music on my phone and couldn't play it. Oh! .. and wifi is included with the daily resort fee :)  Room service staff is great, everyone was friendly - anyone that passed me in the hall seemed to follow the 10/5 rule.  The staff at the front counter could've lightened up though - when i checked in and out, they were way too serious... they should smile more :) :)  haha.On another note - their pool party LIQUID is super FUN!  They gave us comp champagne when we went, and the day beds are comfy!
4	Had been wanting to stay in this hotel since it opened and finally got the chance.  Not disappointed at all!
4	Very classy hotel to say the least. I only enjoyed one night but I will for sure come back for another. First, the place is absolutely gorgeous anywhere you can see it in Vegas. Inside you'll find a very modern looking hotel and casino. The place is quite spacious, clean and gives a refreshing taste as it is one of Vegas' newer hotels.My favorite part of my stay here was how technologically advanced the hotel is. I walked into my room and it was an automated technological galore. All the lights turned on, my TV turned on and my blinds started to open. I was only on the the third floor, a "lower end" suite, so I know the higher you moved up the nicer the rooms and most likely the better the experience.It's a different feel from all the other popular hotels in Vegas. You'll find a bit of a seasoned crowd with not too many young folks like me walking around. Apparently there is plenty to do here with nightclubs and shops. I just wish the Haze Club was open while I was here.Overall, a nice stay and I will win my money back on the craps table! :-)
4	Beatiful hotels rooms, where everything is electronic. You hit the Goodnight button next to the bed and all the lights, tv, curtains will turn off/close. Also the way by the way they set up the rooms it looks as if everyone has a damn good view of the strip or surrounding areas. Bathrooms were nice and had bright lights, only wished there was separate/opaque doors for the toilet/shower. So if you're staying with 3 other people you'll have to wait to use either the shower/toilet, unless you're just that comfortable with each other. Big plus for the tub in the shower, didn't even notice that until I actually took a shower. I guess the only qualms I have are the extremely long hallways and having to go back down to the casino level if you need to go to another room. We were on floor 6 but our friends also had a room on floor 20. So as you can see this became a hassel when we tried to meet up the others. First off I don't know why they didn't have us in connecting rooms, and secondinly they should've tried to put us on the same level or at least the same tower. No vent for the toilet area, so as you can understand it can get stuffy in there. There seems to also be a perfumed scent for the casino, which masks the cigarette smell but can also be a little too strong at times. So if you're staying here, enjoy the technology and amenities one might not be able to afford in their own house.
2	Kind of a hassle. Stayed here for my buddy's bachelor party and when we checked in we got a single king bed instead of a double bed room which is what we really wanted. It's a beautiful place to look at and the tech in the room is cool.
5	If I came here, and struck it big or something, I would design my entire house like this place. To me, this represents the future, and if the Aria is really the future, than I'm OK with it. It's a future where you're never actually outside but constantly are under the impression that you are because all the rooms are so large and spacious and airy. The scent pumped through the air ducts makes it feel like you're walking through a field of daisies doused in that ex girlfriend's perfume who you just can't forget because your pillow still reeks of her. The restaurants are delicious, classy, and the price proves this. When I go back to Vegas I'll consider just going and staying in this place the whole time. The worst part is leaving, and realizing your real life just isn't as pleasant as it was while staying at Aria.
4	We usually don't stay in 5 star hotels but I bid $80 on priceline and this is what we got! Very nice hotel, rooms are large, bathroom is spacious, our veiw was not great since they put us on the 5th floor(i'm sure that is for all the cheapies like me who use priceline)  but no big deal, The Gym was great, the spa looked great (didn't use) and the pool was very nice though it was closed one day because of the high winds.  The casino was large and wasn't too smokey. The only issue here is the $25 resort fee you pay each night of your stay-otherwise we enjoyed our stay!
5	Best Hotel in Las Vegas I ever been too hands down!! loved the interior design of it all and exterior waterfall entrance they have, very classy beautiful hotel rooms, everything seems so japanese though, All is electronic of course even the curtains. It's a different feel from all the other popular hotels in Vegas. You'll find a bit of a seasoned crowd with not too many young folks like me walking around. Apparently there is plenty to do here with nightclubs and shops. I just wish the Haze Club was open while I was here.
5	I have stayed here on 2 different occasions and I must say both experiences were beyond anywhere else I have stayed on The Strip.  From the high-tech room, the cleanliness everywhere you look, to the staff and the food choices available, it's hard to think of any place on the Strip that beats Aria.  I brought family with me who had never been to City Center yet on this last trip and they were very impressed with the casino and amenities.  My husband says he thinks the Poker Room here is awesome as well.  Upon walking into this casino the very first time, I sort of didn't like it because it didn't look like any of the other casinos.  But as I kept coming back, I started to feel the energy and really enjoy myself here. The architecture and artwork around the entire property is amazing to look at, very different from any other Vegas casino.  The staff are excellent. Had the pleasure of having drinks at 3 of the bars and although they were pricey, they were delicious.... hey, you're in Vegas!  I especially love the beds/ mattresses and pillows they have in the rooms.  I was thisclose to buying pillows on this trip but I'll probably do that next time.  The vanilla scent when you first walk into the lobby can be somewhat annoying but I enjoy it and you can also purchase the vanilla scent sticks there to take home.  I will continue to book a room here in the future whenever I will be in town.I did have some trouble here and there with the wifi on my iphone, but hey, no biggie.  That doesn't take away from the sheer beauty of this place :D
3	Is the Aria nice? Absolutely!  The rooms are great, contemporary and spacious.  The view of the strip is fantastic!  Most of all I LOVED the automatic curtains and control tablet that allows you to control virtually EVERYTHING in your room.  There is a good morning setting that opens the curtains and turns on the music and there is a sexy goodnight setting that closed the curtains and turns on relaxing, sexy music.  Nice Touch!!!  The shower and bathtub set up is pretty cool too.  Is the Aria worth the price?? Absolutely not!  Apart from the few perks in the room this hotel really doesn't have much going for it in my opinion.  There is no food court to speak of and everywhere you can go to eat is exceptionally high priced and lacking in flavor to say the very least.  If the dining options were at least good it would be different, but the food just wasn't good.  The pool area is nice, but the cocktails are outrageously priced $32 for a 32 ounce pitcher of mojito, yikes!  Too much for a mixed drink if you ask me.I suppose if you are a couple and have the money to spend this place is nice, I would just recommend taking a taxi and grabbing a bite elsewhere.
4	If you love a new modern hotel with all the amenities-you will love Aria. It is a good looking hotel and very clean. It feels like a new car. The staff was very professional and accommodating. I asked for an upper floor (it was my birthday) and they went above and beyond to get me a great room. The rooms seem larger than the stated square footage, but I believe that is because of the floor to ceiling windows. The pillows were so comfortable, my wife and I bought two!  Try and get a strip view above the 25th floor.  The hotel is filled with great bars and restaurants (make sure you go to Sage). Aria is centrally located on the strip so you are a walk or short cab ride from everything. The only reason I did not give Aria  5 stars was an incident in the casino. Bottom line: A video roulette machine that was 3 weeks old did not notify me of the amount of my bet properly and took it upon itself to bet an amount of money without confirming this with me. It turned into an quiet argument between me and the Slot Manager and lasted 45 minutes. He finally admitted there were problems with the machine and other guests had complained as well. He did make good on my refund but the incident ruined the evening and I only got what I deserved because I argued for so long. I was also surprised these machines were not taken out of service after my problem.  Overall-I put Aria in the same category as the other great hotels my wife and I have been lucky to experience --Bellagio-Encore-Wynn.
4	Great rooms with comfortable beds. LOVE the remote controlled sheer and blackout shades and the ability to set the tv and AC to go on at a certain time every morning. VERY cool.
4	I have been to Vegas three time now (yes much less than average casino fan). This is my first stay in Aria and I must say I am impressed.  From the first step you can feel that you are in one of the best!!I have checked out the gym, pool, couple of bars, they are all new and very very good!Rooms are beautiful (depends what you book). I booked Ultra Delux-City view.  It is the best compared to other ultra-delux city view I have stayed in my past trips.Overall, it is a very good package.
5	In poker, when you have the best possible hand, it's called "the nuts."  For me, Aria is the nuts, the chips, the soup, the everything.  I thank you, Aria, for ruining every hotel I will ever stay at.  I had three nights at the Aria for a boys trip during the NCAA tournament.  The rooms were fantastic.  We had high-floor Strip-view rooms and the view was overwhelming.  The room itself was fantastic as well, you can control everything from HVAC, curtains, TV, and lighting from an iPad-looking thing on the end table.  All appointments (beds, towels, etc.) were very high quality and very comfortable.  The iron in the room was so nice, I'm ordering one for my own use.The casino makes you forget all of the smoky, smelly, dingy casinos you've ever been in (and even places like Caesars & MGM are getting like that nowadays).  The air is fragrant and pleasing and everything is incredibly clean.  The stakes at the table games aren't low, but come on, it's the Aria.  The sports book is small but nicely appointed, and the Sky Box club is a great place to watch the tournament while chowing down on great food and craft beer (surprisingly affordable, all things considered).The restaurant options really couldn't be better.  We ate at Jean Georges and loved every bite of tender, marbled steak (they also made a great Old Fashioned).  The buffet is the best I've ever been to with so many high quality food options and decent champagne for brunch (with unlimited refills as well).
4	Modern and chic hotel in the city center of Vegas. I wanted to stay in one of the City Center hotels (Vdara, Cosmopolitan, Aria) and chose the Aria based on a promotion they offered. Definitely for the techy-audience because everything is controlled by an ipad-looking type of gadget. I was in for a pleasant surprise when i walked into the room, and the curtains opened automatically, making for a dramatic self-entrance. The bed is fluffy and soft, making for a good night's rest after a long day in Vegas, and the tub is right next to the shower. ! You can step out of the bubble bath and stand right into the shower to rinse off. Genuis! The husband and I also love the buffet at the Aria - one where quality definitely beats quantity. We'd rather enjoy a few select fresh seafood options over a mass produced type of buffet. Minus 1-star for the ridiculous $28 resort fee ($25 + tax). Either just tack it on to the price of the room or don't charge it at all. What's the point of the "resort" fee anyways?
5	Love this hotel. Such class. Such great service everywhere you go. Visit the Spa for $30. You will get access to the fitness room and the hot tub, sauna, steam room. The unisex outdoor hot tub is grand esp when u get to see the sunset too =) The rooms are so clean and modern. The bed....ahhhhh...soo comfortable. Even the circulation system is great. . The Buffet.. a must visit. Food is top quality. Service impeccable. No smelling cigarette smoke while you eat dinner. This will be my home away form home the next time I'm in Vegas.
3	After staying here a very busy weekend in December, I can honestly say that I'm a warming up a bit to the Aria.  My stay was still a solid 3 stars, but it's slowly becoming a 4.  Our room was a little on the smaller side, with little to no room to lounge in, but this was a standard room, not a suite.  It was modern and chic, and comfy all around. The huge bathtub was a godsend after the Vegas half marathon, but it was inside the shower, which was a bit odd to me.  The shower was fine, but was on the slippery side, and I slid at least once (luckily without falling and cracking my head open). It also didn't drain well and pooled water about an inch or 2 deep.  Meh.I got to know the layout of the hotel and casino pretty well by the end of the trip, and it wasn't as big as I initially thought.  Still found it a bit cold and front desk staff pretentious.  Hmmm.  On second thought, lets keep this a 3 star for now.
4	While it doesn't surprise me that Aria T'Loak has an establishment in Las Vegas, I am a little surprised it would be such a posh and fancy place.  Maybe I just expected that because of what I've seen in Omega, not that Afterlife isn't a cool club, but this place is more along the lines of Purgatory at the Citadel, with its modern decor and all.  Just goes to show you that the Pirate Queen is full of surprises!
4	Stayed here a few weekends back and have to say it was a very nice hotel and casino. Located next to a mall and the tram for easy access to different casinos on the strip without having to walk much.  Definitely would suggest this hotel, I have also stayed at the MGM and have to say that Aria is nicer duh to how new it is. The lazy river is also a plus for the pool area.
4	Very excited to stay at the Aria after all the good reviews from friends. Check in was smooth and the agent was super helpful tying my two separate reservations together and directing me to the location of my conference. Took a little while to get oriented in the hotel, the low lighting makes it more difficult. Guest rooms are easily accessible, hallways are not NEARLY as long as places like the MGM. Room is very open and modern, large windows with view of strip. Touch pad-thingy is easy to use even though I've had a few issues with getting some of the lights to work properly. Curtains are blackout, I had no light shining in which made for an easier night's sleep. Bathroom is good, although counters are way too small. Like the shower/bath combo and separate toilet. Lots of closet space. Wary of the mini and snack bar, hoping I don't have any charges, I was warned at check in how sensitive both are to movement. Bed is super comfy although the blankets are a bit heavy for Las Vegas heat. No outlets by the bed, only on the desk and by the door. Staying here for a conference, the conference area is gigantic but incredibly easy to navigate. Our conference room is comfy, chairs are cushiony and they do a good job of keeping refreshments stocked. Love the airy space in the conference atrium to get some air when you need a break. Aria is in an ideal location, in City Center and you get to North or South strip with ease.
5	This was the ABSOLUTE best hotel I have ever stayed at in Las Vegas, and I have stayed at several over the last 17 years. The first thing that struck me was how comfortable the bed and pillows were. It is the most comfortable bed I have slept in away from home. Staying at this hotel was a treat, with the one-touch control room features, although it did take a little while to figure out, it was cool to control the entire room from your bed if you wanted. It even smelled great, probably something in the room filter, but I enjoyed it. I felt very comfortable. The staff was extremely friendly, a good sign that they are being treated well. We were greeted often, which made me feel welcome in the hotel. I loved the sizable HD television, the available channel selection, the clean, sleek, classy look of the room, and the convenient console to plug in electronic devices. I liked the way the bathtub and the shower are positioned together in the same room, but separate.I loved their Cirque Elvis show. Lots of fun! Amazing, soft love seats, and the performance was true to the Cirque du Soleil style. It captured the essence of Elvis and Las Vegas. I also enjoyed their relaxing spas down at the pool area. There are a few, and they are nicely positioned to give you the feeling of privacy, away from the larger pool area. Staff was also very friendly and helpful in this area as well. Awesome location on the strip! Plus they have a tram service that runs to Bellagio, Vdara, and Monte Carlo.  The only criticisms I have are:1. That the one-touch controller was a little intimidating and not always responsive, however, most things controlled by the one-touch pad also have an alternate button elsewhere in the room that can be controlled.  2. That you are forced to walk through the casino gaming floor to get to your room elevator (although for business reasons, I get why)...it just takes a long time to get from the parking garage to your room elevator, as with many casinos. 3. I loved the jean philippe patisserie in the Bellagio, but when I tried it here, the service did not match with the rest of the hotel, the red velvet cupcake I ordered, the server smashed and then pretended it didn't happen, shoving it in the box-so I was a little disappointed. If you decide to go, I hope your experience with the hotel was as good as mine. I will definitely be returning.Tips: Probably not the ideal hotel for children, but doable if you have no other option.
5	The modern look and feel of the City Center/Aria is marvelous. I love it all. The suits are really great too...the views are fabulous!The smell of the bakery is wonderful..Highly recommend staying here or at least visiting it when you're in Vegas!
3	I should have written my review after my final check-out. The night I initially wrote the first review was in two words, SHEER HELL. The Marquis night club at the Cosmopolitan was right across the street. Woke up around midnight to the loudest music I have ever heard in my life which lasted until past 3am. I understand its Vegas but during the week there are thousands of visitors who are here on business and its not exactly the kind of night you want to have when you need to get up early the next morning. The control pad also became an issue, not following commands and many of the manual buttons on the walls did not work. Lastly, the location was fine while I was here for business and not traveling far from the hotel, but for vacation purposes, it is not in a convenient location for us.
3	We stayed here for our weekend trip and since there were five of us we decided to book the 2 bedroom sky suites to enjoy our spring break. We didn't exactly get to take advantage of the perks provided, but the suite wasn't quite what I had expected. If you plan on playing music from your own devices, be sure to bring your own cables from home because the kit with the cables cost $30 and good luck trying to get it to work. The bathroom and bedrooms are really nice with plenty of room. Theres a device on the side of the bed that allows you to control everything without leaving bed. The beds at this hotel was the most comfortable bed I've stayed at in all Vegas. I ended up buying two pillows to take home since it was soooo perfect. The hotel is also within walking distance to the Cosmopolitan, Vdara, and Bellagio which is nice if you plan on skipping out on driving during your stay. The hotel lobby and main floor had this musky vanilla scent that was overwhelming and gave all of us all a headache.  Overall, I think Vdara has a better deal especially since you can get the same type of room for three times less on the price; of course you'd also have to compromise on walking to another hotel to gamble.
4	My wife and I headed to Vegas to celebrate our 10 year anniversary.  We loved the ARIA.  Our first time to Vegas doesn't help us in comparing the ARIA with other casino/hotels but we're confident it's the nicest place we've ever stayed.  The room was super cool.  Everything could be operated by the IPAD type of alarm clock.  I was surprised at how spacious it was.  It didn't feel cramped.  The vanilla smell of the casino was really refreshing.  Much better than smelling the cigarette smoke.  I read a marketing team worked on the scent of the casino for quite some time (that's crazy!).Anyway, we really enjoyed ourselves.  We fell in love the crepe place.  They were amahzing!  At $12 a pop I still felt like we were taking advantage of them...they were that good.I docking one star because I didn't feel like the staff was as friendly as they could have been.  With over 4K rooms I know it's hard to go over and beyond for everyone but sometimes a simple smile is nice.  If the staff could take some lessons in southern hospitality I think they'd get a 5 star from me.  Regardless, it was fantastic and we would for sure stay there again....
4	Brilliant! Lovely hotel, great service, friendly staff. This is not often the case with the mega hotels in Vegas, where vast numbers of customers make it seem like service is irrelevant. The concierge staff was magical, room service was friendly, maintenance staff was fast. I stayed in Sky Suites - one br penthouse. It was well appointed and designed.
3	The Aria smells like a stripper.  There is absolutely no other way to describe it.  If you have stripper friends, have spent time in strip clubs, or are a stripper yourself, you know what I mean.  That lotion that strippers wear that makes them smell delicious?  That's what the Aria smells like.  Which is great because otherwise it'd smell like an ashtray's ass.  My company had a conference here right around the time that the Consumer Electronics show was happening, but apparently we were lucky enough to score some rooms.   Since I barely had time to see my feet, never mind the casino, I'll try to gauge what my perceptions were:The good:*Sir Mix-a-Lot sighting*Totally electronic rooms- which confused my mother but was awesome for me.  I like a button that opens and closes the drapes and adjusts the temperature, rather than having to hunt for the drape-close thingy or thermostat. *Neat shower/tub combo.  Alas, I was not able to take naughty advantage of it.*The aforementioned stripper smell since it doesn't smell like an ashtray's ass.*The staff at check-in.  Granted, I got VIP treatment, but they were pretty darn awesome and super envious of my Kate Spade bag (sample sale, natch). *A relatively easy to navigate casino floor.  After years of working in a casino, I understand how easy it is to get lost.  This place clearly is confusing, but not as bad as some.  The bad:*The fact that there are not enough Ghostbusters slot machines.*The sheer size of getting from the guest rooms to the convention area.  It's roughly 8 miles.  I hear Eminem playing in my head.  *The service at the hotel bar with the trees in it.  Waitress second day + busy time of day = disaster and exceptionally long wait times.*The fact that I realized I am too old to dress like a cheap hooker and stay out until 5 a.m. That being said, I do love how modern this hotel is...as long as I'm not paying for it.
5	Came here on a business trip, its a tough life. This hotel is FANTASTIC. NO smoke smell on the casino floor, the room was incredibly nice, the service was nothing short of phenomenal. We did not spend much time on the casino floor here as we wanted to head out and see more of the strip. We had dinner up on the promenade in one of the conference rooms with our party from work. The food was great. I cannot say I have had better prime rib on the strip. We will definitely be back to stay here again in the near future.
4	For my bf's first trip to Vegas, I decided to splurge and stay at Aria. I had gotten a pretty good deal on the room through the MLife players club, and while Aria is usually well out of my price range, between the deal and splitting the cost of the room, it worked out to be reasonable.Now I have a problem: We had such a good time at Aria that I'm not sure how I'm going to be able to convince him to stay anywhere else.Our room was comfortable and had a beautiful view of the mountains, which now that I think of it is better than a Strip view in a lot of ways. The room had a nice 42" tv that was clutch for basketball-viewing (we were there for March Madness) when we didn't feel like dealing with the crowds in the sports books and bars.We didn't eat a lot on property, except a morning breakfast at the Buffet (highly recommended). We primarily frequented the bar just outside the race and sports book, where if you play $0.75 a hand at video poker or blackjack, you can get comped drinks. It's also conveniently located to the Skybox walk-up window when you need some munchies - although pricey at $6, the french fries are actually quite good.So why didn't give Aria five stars? Well, everything is on the pricey side - but that's what you expect from Vegas. The problem with Aria is that in Las Vegas terms, it's in the middle of nowhere. From the casino floor, you're about a 10-15 minute walk from anywhere you might want to go, and 20-30 minutes from most of the places you actually do want to go. For a weekend, this isn't a biggie, but we were there almost a week - over time, all that walking adds up.Bottom line, of course I'd stay here again, given the right deals and such. I just wish it was closer to...well, anything.
5	Love this place...seems more "classy" than other Vegas hotels, not trashy people inside.  I feel comfortable, great rooms, poker rates for players, great food, hot tubs are nice too!  Highly recommend!
4	The first timer will wander into this fine establishment and notice the not-so-faint smell of vanilla in the air. It's the signature of the Aria in my opinion.The Aria has several things going for them. First, they are located right next to Crystals, which has all the fancy shops if that's your thing. Their buffet is decent to good, the place is new, and they have a nice poker room. If you're fortunate enough to stay in their sky suites, they also have a bar by the entrance with free drinks, candy, etc. I tried to eat at their cafe once but the service was so bad, we had to leave. We were sat for 20 minutes and no one wanted to take our order, but all the other places were nice. The rooms are nice and modern, with electronic controls, much like Cosmo. If you are staying at Aria, you can't really go wrong.
5	Had some difficulties to play with the remote control to shut down the curtains.MANY THANKS  TO THE LOST AND FOUND STAFF!  I never thought there was any chance to find my lost lap top in a casino. Also thank you, the unknown kind soul who found my lap top&dropped it at the lost &found. GOD BLESS ALL OF YOU!
4	Great large sized, slick room with the notable exception of the technology. Aria really bet big on tech to differentiate themselves using this centralized TV control panel for lighting, climate, entertainment and other things. Which would be cool expect for the fact that it's not. It's slow and ungainly and really started to make me mad after repeated failed attempts while intoxicated to get the TV working. The remote is poorly designed so i kept accidentally turning it off when i meant to hit select'. yes, maybe i could try it sober next time but i really do think that trying too hard to centralize the room controls and over-slick the room were a drawback. It's over-engineered like a motion-controlled bathroom faucet that you can never get to work right.i still give the hotel 4 stars though because overall the hotel is very nice and the service was excellent.
4	I love going to the new hotels before they get all old and dirty! Aria, being one of the newer hotels in Vegas, was a great experience. It's not as big as the other hotels, so I was not overwhelmed by the crowd. That is a plus for me because I already deal with so many crowds on LV BLVD and the clubs. The rooms were nice and clean. A standard room is actually spacious enough for five people. Nothing stood out with the room, but this weekend was all about having fun with friends!! I loved the eateries at Aria. First off their Cafe is 24 hours!!! 5 am drunk food right downstairs?!?!? LOVED IT. Turkey Burger was AMAZING! I would recommend that to anyone! They have a smaller cafe and bakery area called Jean Phillipe. Cranberry Macaroon hands down was absolutely divine!!!! This oversized pastry had fresh cranberries inside with a light custard! Macaroon cookie type deal?!?!? Yes! I was addicted to the smell of Aria. Flowery odor masked all the cig smoke smell! I loved the yellow tulips and flower decor all over this hotel! This is actually a great place to go to if you want to stay within the strip but get a less crowded environment!
5	This place will wow you.  Well probably because our friends are the type that like to gamble a bit and they get certain benefits.  Those benefits are actually really really nice.  The kind that allow you to open and close curtains with remote controls nice.  The kind that have two rooms and a living room nice.  THANKS FRIENDS!!!Well anyhow everyone is always very nice and quick to be at your becon call.  I know they work off tips but it just feels a bit more genuine so it feels good.  Like when you spend $100 more on sheets.We found out that Michael Jordan is a cheap bastard and Ashton Kutcher tipped a waitress $1.00 for 5 drinks.  Inquiring minds wanna know...
5	LOVED this hotel. Kind staff, smells great, good room with fun features like remote-controlled curtains and music on the TV, and an INCREDIBLE bed. I am picky about my beds, and damn, I wish I slept more while I was in Vegas. I ate room service and at the 24-hour cafe (both at 4 a.m., coincidentally), and both were delicious. Haze was also a lot of fun. I'd recommend getting VIP entry one way or another so you don't have to wait in the ridiculous line. J. Cole was playing the night I went, so maybe that's why it was so long. I was one of the lucky ones, though...The only downside (and I don't really consider this a downside), is it's a bit longer walk since it sits a little off the strip. But no big deal. I'd stay here again, no doubt.
5	This place was awesome! The architecture and design was worth the walk from the strip! So beautiful and clean! The staff was very helpful and pleasant. Im glad we went to check it out!
5	What to say.. one of the best hotels in Vegas, and I have stayed at the ALL! Super slick, yet tasteful, all the modern luxuries you would expect in a world class hotel. I love the touchpad room controls and having stayed her 5+ times I have yet to have had a bad view. Only negative is that you have to deal with the strip when arriving and parking, so you might consider coming in going in the less traveled times. So much to do here, that once here you won't need to leave to explore the rest of Vegas.
5	Best Vegas hotel that I have stayed in. The customer service was great. I got the room at a great rate and I got a $49 upgrade to a 1000sq ft room, checked in early, and checked out late. My room was serviced twice a day and all of the staff was super nice. I asked for a bottle opener and room service brought it up in less than 10 minutes. I will be staying at this hotel next time I come back to Las vegas.
4	Very beautiful, clean, good location. Hot tubs not included- you must buy a $30 pp soda pass, which seemed chintzy in such an expensive new hotel.  But if I can get another sale price under $150/night I would definitely stay again. The beds were VERY soft & pillows were bulky, so my neck hurt the next day, just fyi. I will bring my own pillow and stay here anyway.
4	Beautiful! Great location (next to Cosmopolitan AKA MARQUEE and crystal forums). The elevators are located right next to jean phillippe, which is great for breakfast AND/OR dessert/snacks. The hotel rooms are not that bad (I'm not picky), but my  relatives preferred Wynn a lot more. Still, I think it is an overall nice location and I never fail to stop and walk around the hotel when I'm in the area! This is my bf's favorite place (mine is the girlier cosmopolitan tee hee!)PS: The sports area is nice, and the sports bar and grill is a pretty awesome spot to chill as well!
3	This review is strictly for the casino.Wish I could give an extra half a star but I can't :(. This place isn't quite 4 stars just because it's pretty much like any other casino, and some of the dealers seem to enjoy taking your money. No I don't get bitter when I lose money, but when a dealer takes pleasure out of it, it is kind of a punch in the face. No matter soon enough I will be drunk and numb to the pain. The extra half star I would have awarded would have to be because they are the only casino that I've seen that offer double deck blackjack where dealer stands on soft 17. My understanding is that these are better odds than most blackjack games you can find on the strip.  The only caveat to this is these tables usually have 50 dollar minimums and 100 on busy weekends. Oh well bet big to win big right?OH YEAH and they had 5 dollar craps tables while I was there so not too pricey all around.Some dealers here are actually really cool too always helping you out with getting drinks for the servers and even worry about you drinking a lot of alcohol by requesting extra water bottles which is great since they aren't cutting me off either.
1	I just came back from long weekend trip with my girlfriends and we stayed at Aria hotel for 3 days. Positives: the hotel is big and modern looking, right near the strip, has a yummy bakery Jean Philippe Patsserie.Negatives: First off, the rooms were really dirty-sheets were not clean, our blankets had black marks on them, the towels had rust stains on them. The bed was really soft and the pillows were high and uncomfortable.The service was horrible-the staff told us different check out times-one person told us checkout was at 11 and another said it was noon. Then on our last day, the cleaning staff knocked on the door and almost came in at 10 am because they thought we checked out while we were still sleeping. There was no coffee maker or complimentary, coffee tea, or water. They charged us $4 for us to have hot water and it took over half an hour for them to get it to us. They also charge each person a $25 service fee that's not included in the hotel fee.One night we went out and came home at 5 am and our keys did not work, we had to walk all the way back to the hotel lobby and they told us that their system is down and that's why the keys are not working and made us wait for someone to open our room but we waited for 10 minutes and the guy never came. The worst part was after we came back from shopping, one of my girlfriend's lost her bag. The cleaning staff had come in to clean the room and they threw out her bag which had her clothes and accessories in it! We had to file a report with security for her missing bag. They never located the bag when we left and she still has to wait a week to hear back to find how they will compensate her for the loss.I would definitely not stay at this hotel again and not recommend anyone to spend their money on this hotel, Vegas has much better hotels to offer.
5	I was pleasantly surprised walking into Aria for the first time.  The front desk area has a buttery, vanilla-like scent.  I'm not completely sure where the smell comes from, but it's nice!  The rooms are very modern and stylish.  It's nice to be able to control everything (the AC, lights, curtains) with the touch of a button from the remote.  The staff there is very helpful and accomodating.  The only problem that I've noticed is when calling the front desk or room service, it takes a while for them to pick up.  Not a huge enough problem for me to bump them down for 4 stars because otherwise, my stay here was perfect!
4	This review is strictly about the water features at Aria.Very beautiful designs and nicely done fountains at both Aria and the Crystals shopping mall next door. You'll first see the waterfalls at the valet/hotel check-in area, and the other funnel-like and ice towers are actually in the Crystals mall. I'm impressed with how they were designed.
4	The first thing that hit me when I walked in was the soft flowery/vanilla smell. The entire hotel smells very nice, unlike most on the strip that smell of cigarettes. The front lobby lines are well planned out, as they can change the type of line each station with a change of etched class at the that station, which keeps the lines moving smoothly. Everyone was friendly and accommodating.You can tell this is a newer hotel, as everything is automated. You can control the entire rooms lighting, curtains and t.v. from the t.v. or the touch screen alarm clock at the side of the bed. You can set your morning wake up call to turn on the t.v., open the black out curtains and turn on the light above your head. You are able to plug in your phone to the panel under the t.v. and listen to the music on your phone thru the speakers. We went to Jean Georges Stakehouse while there and fell in love with the hickory smoked taste of the steak and choice of sauces that it comes with. I had a slight billing problem with there and Jonathan at the front desk when above and beyond to fix it. Definitely recommend this hotel.
4	Aria is gorgeous, smells like a fat kid's paradise (vanilla and sugar), clean, and modern. Seriously, we had one of the FASTEST check-ins (read: no line on a Friday afternoon) ever. But I can't give this place 5 stars because...One bedroom suite:- No balcony- No pull out sofa- Cramped living room area- 2 bathrooms with only ONE shower (but the master bathroom was freakin' gorgeous, and had a pretty big tv positioned next to the tub)- I hate when technology fails--and Aria's rooms are armed to the teeth with techy stuff. From the light switches, curtains, etc. Too many remote controls...too much partying...short tempers...basically, a bad combo. Our main tv and media hub was broke even after TWO tech guys "fixed" the problem.- Hallways are SUPER RIDICULOUSLY long...it look almost 3 mins of walking from the elevator to the our room.But the hotel has a bunch of food options, is pretty, has a decent enough club downstairs (Haze, which is good for a night you're not trying to go balls to the walls in Vegas) and doesn't smell or look like grimy Vegas...so me likey but a bit too expensive for the likes of me.
4	The rooms are smaller than the Venetian...but omg, their beds and pillows are amazing. I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud in heaven.
4	For this type of Mega resort/Casino. I really did not expect much.  However my experience was quite alright.  it was not as bad as I thought to be.I received to the city view room on the 56th floor, with the view of strip (well, adjacent buildings).  The room was smartly decorated with the touch panel technology.  However, the bathroom was very small for the room of this size, but the wet/dry combination of the bathtub/shower is good example of how they utilize the space well.The worst part of the room is the bedding.  The sheets were made of cotton but the quality is horrible.  Have been sleeping at other non gaming resorts, I felt like I was sleeping with sandpaper.  It was one of the bad bedding but their AC was quiet and strong, definitely needed for Las Vegas.I also did not like how their check in lobby is so far from the guest elevators. Its only been couple years since they opened and the lobby smelled smoky already. Yucks.Ask for the quiet room with unobstructed views, so you will have more privacy without been seen/ seen your neighbors.
1	I visited LV recently, and wanted to visit the Aria casino.  I didn't drive there, but I quickly learned that you absolutely need to drive there.  The directions and maps to get there are horrible, they're confusing at best.  The entrance is a SO FAR from the real strip.  I felt like an Israelite travelling through the desert. It looks rather cheesy on the inside, and just not worth the time and energy I spent to get there and play.Never going there again...
4	WHY YOU NO PUT ADEQUATE VENTILATION IN BATHROOM WITH TOILET!??!?!?I put this statement for the Venetian as well. If someone takes a shit, that smell lingers and it doesn't really complement the party atmosphere unless you're into sick shit.Aria is a bit overhyped in my opinion. The dark colored decor is modern and sleek but this place is the Lexus of hotels - sterile without real passion like the Venetian. Plus the fact that this place doesn't have a small living room space, which is standard in every Venetian base-priced room, forces me to rank it 4 stars in comparison.That said, the price is reasonable and I have no other complaints about this place.
4	I'm here way too often. The place is pretty great, and you have to take advantage of amenities like the spa and the gym to really have an appreciation for the place. It's clean and modern and is well positioned on the strip. The table minimums here for craps and blackjack are higher than at other upper-end hotels, so be prepared, or play elsewhere. The Monte Carlo is directly attached, as well as a tram that can take you over to the Bellagio.Inside you have Haze; which I think is a decent nightclub. Most of it's reviews seem to be about people unable to get in to the club. Really, did you expect the club to let in your group of 27 asian dudes? That's just wrong man, and you eff up the ratio.
1	I expected so much more out of this luxury hotel and resort.  The internet in your rooms is god awful, like really bad!  The electronic gadgetry is cool however it is definitely not reliable!Place is clean and acceptable however there are several other resorts that exceed Aria.
5	Awesome! Gorgeous, understated design & architecture.  Not at all what you'd expect in Vegas.  I have no idea what their air filter system is but you can barely smell cigarettes.  None of that nasty stale odor here.  Instead, your senses are pleasantly surprised by the soft vanilla jasmine scent.  The gift shop sells scent sticks so we stocked up.
5	Recently stayed here. Beautiful clean hotel. Love Jean Phillie patisserie.Need fan in bathrooms. Not the BEST buffet. Everything else: Aces.
5	This place is BEAUTIFUL! Newer Vegas for sure! It's a must to check this place out!
5	This hotel is by far the most elegant and luxurious hotel in Las Vegas. The buffet and hotel staff were friendly and everything I paid for and more. The only problem I ran into was with the Day/Night club called Liquid but didn't mark them down because I felt that the overall hotel stay and accommodations were AMAZING. The security and staff were typical night club staff, rude and only worried about how much you were going to spend. We went in just checking it out and the security personnel told us we could sit in any of the lounge chairs and didn't mention any stipulations. We ordered drinks from the bar and sat down in lounge chairs and not 15 minutes later were told we had to have a tab with a minimum of $50 per chair if we wanted to sit there. We told them we were just going to finish our drinks and were more then half full and leave and not 2 minutes after that security came and told us move to the bar when almost nobody was there and there were plenty of open lounge chairs. My next visit I am definitely staying at this hotel, the rooms are amazing, the view is breath taking and the bathroom is perfect with the tub and shower together.
2	Stayed here in the past, the rooms are okay, pretty cool features that make the room seem state of the art, i did miss that stuff when i stayed at the other hotels in vegas. but the hotel itself is very bland, nothing exciting going on, nothing special to eat or visit or do.. and it's KINDA off the strip, for it's price I would have expected something better..I think i can only justify it's higher prices for now because it's new.
4	I love the modern, understated style of this complex.  This property is amazing and you should at least walk through, if you get the chance.  The room prices are reasonable; we paid $149/night on weeknights and $189/night on the weekends.  They have deals with Southwest Airlines that saved us a bunch of money.  5 days and 4 nights cost $535/person with direct, non-stop (albeit red-eye) flights.In typical Vegas style, they've got like 12 restaurants & bars, an ultra high-end mall that I could never afford to shop in, a killer pool, and the best location on the strip.  You really can get just about anything you want to eat on the property, but it ain't cheap.  $18 will get you a buffalo/blue cheese burger at the PUB and another $9-12 buys a pint of some fairly hard-to-find brews.  The main restaurant, Caffe Vettro, served great breakfast and lunch, that wasn't terribly overpriced.  While there were a lot of people present, this was clearly a step above places like MGM Grand and Treasure Island.  The riff-raff has definitely been kept out of this resort; you won't find anyone puking in the elevators or getting into fights at the craps tables.  The only problem with this (to me) is that the minimum bets at blackjack and craps tend to be at least $15/hand, which is a little high.  There's something for everyone, but I'd leave the kids at home if you plan on staying here.The rooms are totally automated, which is really cool; everything is controlled through the TV, a separate touchscreen remote and wall switches.  It takes a minute to get used to and it's problematic.  EX: The Connectivity Panel, which is how you link into the room, has very specific plugs for iPhones and iPads, that can only be purchased from Aria...for like $32.  The USB plugs wouldn't let us access either of our devices and when we had them bring us a DVD player, it took the IT guys an hour and they still couldn't make it work.Nearby, you've got CVS and a liquor store, so you don't have to pay $8/ea for beer.  The staff was very accommodating and brought up a refrigerator, no questions asked.  We took our own drinks to the pool and we have friends who actually brought a drink into one of the restaurants (cringe).  New York New York is next door and the MGM is across the street.  Hooters Casino is within walking distance, if you just NEED a $3 game of blackjack.  Fremont street is a $25 cab ride away, which was annoying.Overall, I was impressed and will probably stay here again when I return.
1	I travel extensively and spend ~75-100 nights in hotels.  This is the first time i haven't had maid service, ever.  The room was OK, the view acceptable, but no maid service on day 2 and I did not call as i got back to my room late and didn't want to stay up while my room was cleaned.  Later, I did contact Aria and give them input and i've heard nothing.  The only think i can take from this is that they are OK with no maid service and they don't mind complaints.  I have another conference at this hotel in July; I think i'll stay somewhere else.
3	The following review is my personal experience of visiting the Aria as a walk-in, not an overnight guest. I was killing time checking out the strip and doing some people watching while my sister was seeing a show at the Bellagio. Pros:+ They have a really pleasant scent they spray in the front lobby area, makes for a nice aromatic first impression+ The massive waterfall fountains on the exterior are a great place to take picturesCons:- One of the cocktail girls was quite curt in responding to a request for where the men's room/drinking fountain was (my mouth felt parched from all the smokers, seems she was only interested if you wanted to buy hard booze?)- The layout of the Aria is very confusing, and is more or less like a maze, both on the inside of the building and outIn summary, my short visit to the Aria was underwhelming, but given I didn't stay long, nor as an overnight guest, I'll give it a passable three stars. Perhaps if a future stay in Vegas permits, they'll be able to wow me better.
5	When we got to the Aria, I was impressed and was constantly impressed until we checked out. The service was fantastic, the rooms were clean and the design was upscale. It is a perfect distance from the strip, with easy access to a free tram to Bellagio although I don't believe it saved you any steps if you wanted to straight to the Strip.Our arrival was met by the bellman, who was happy to tell us what where we needed to go, what we needed and how to set up for check out and shuttle home. The front desk was helpful and organized. Housekeeping did a fantastic job. The front desk was helpful and any phone calls to the front desk were greeted with a "hello Ms. W. how can we assist you?" Greeting with our names and knowing immediately what room was calling, was a nice touch.The concierge did a great job helping us set up a guided tour of Hoover Dam. They recommend a wonderful tour company. Thumbs up. Our room was fantastic. 24th floor, with a decent view of the strip. I loved the set up of the bathroom and particularly the shower bath area. Nicely tiled with a large soaker tub which was all one contained area. Everything was push button, even the curtains. When it was time for bed, one push of the "goodnight" button and it was lights out and curtains drawn. I also have to mention how impressed I was at the soundproofing. We didn't hear a peep from the hallway or adjoining rooms.My only gripe was the lack of electrical outlets. I would have liked a plug in near the bed to charge my phone and have it near me for easy access when I set my alarm. However, that is extremely minor. Room charges were easy and effortless.the 24 hour room service was a godsend. When all the food places were closed for the night, it's 2 am and you are craving the munches after and evening of drunken wandering, it was perfect to be able to order a pizza. And for room service, the prices were more reasonable than I expected. It was still expensive, but nothing to give me coronary.The in room bar is run on sensors, so if you lift it off, you bought it. Although the price of snacks was expensive, this Canadian thought the price of a bottle of beer wasn't too bad at $6 because in context to Canadian liquor purchases in any old bar, you are looking at approximately that ballpark. The buffet was reasonably priced, and had a decent variety of food. If you hit the right time, you pay $16.95 for breakfast and manage to grab the lunch dishes for that price. I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again and would most definitely recommend this hotel to others. Love this place.
5	I had stayed at the Aria in March just for the weekend. I love every min in the hotel. When we arrived bag check offered to take our bags directly to the room. We checked in without a wait. When we entered the room, everything turned on including the certains. The views from our room were amazing. There is a free tram which takes you to the Bellagio and steps away from the strip. Haze is also inside the Aria and we got free access to the club and did not have to wait in line!! We also went to the bars located inside. thumbs up for the bartenders. Can't wait to go back since they sent us a promo price i can't refuse.Next time you go to vegas, stay at the aria! really nice!
3	Rooms were very nice! however the hotel lacks that certain "it" factor that other hotels in the area have, and the pool was very disappointing.
4	Not going to go into too much detail for a place with 1300 reviews.  Yelp is accurate.  Aria is indeed a 3.5 star establishment.  I look at it as an overall positive experience, so I rounded up.  It's clean, modern, sleek, but not sterile.  I would consider staying here again given a good rate.Keeping it to the point with a list:-- Love the smell.  No nasty cigarette odor here.-- For the quality of room, I got a steal at $400 for two nights in a King Suite and two tickets to a Cirque show.  Late check out was added to my package for no additional cost.-- Super fast North Valet.  North Valet is close to guest elevators but far from main desk.-- Super fast check in.  In and out in less than a few minutes.-- Complimentary wifi (decent speed).-- Rooms are excellent.  Furniture is modern, colors are warm, layout is classy.  Down feather bed with smooth cotton sheeting.  Equipped with numerous "one touch" light settings, and automatic black out drapes.  -- Didn't think of everything though.  No iPod hook up.  Must use their TV for music and movies.  Sorta lame.-- As others have stated, extra tall shower and oval Roman tub share their own "mega stall" behind glass doors.  The tub is just for soaking, no jets.  So sort of useless.  I'm too short and couldn't adjust the showerhead.  o_O-- Bath products are subpar at best.  Robes are thin.  No slippers.-- Location is off the Strip.  Don't be fooled.  Yes, it's about 20 min just to get to the Cosmopolitan.  It's 10 minutes by tram plus a 5 min walk to get to the Bellagio.  And it's 25 minutes to get to the Paris. I don't mind the walk, but don't want people to think this location is "convenient" and close to anything.  It's not.-- Charges a resort fee of $25 a night + 12% tax on check out.__________-- Pools are spacious, non crowded, and clean.  Favorite: 32 oz dragonberry mojito.-- View Bar.  The best drinks I had in Vegas.  The signature cocktails are delicious.  Locals ask for Manny.  "Best bartender in Vegas" apparently.-- Jean Phillippe Patisserie is a chain that's scattered around other Vegas hotels.  Nothing special.  No macarons, lame.  Except the large $4 raspberry macaron sandwich.  Yumyum.
2	As a caveat, I'm only writing about my experience checking in. Reserved a king size non smoking room for my birthday weekend and when I arrived they told me they were all out. Instead, the jerk at the front desk (Brian Clark) tried to put me in a 3rd floor room with two queen beds. How romantic. Mind you, I've had this reservation for more than a month. When I asked for a supervisor he called one on the phone, and she said she was too busy to come out and talk to me. Not much for a first impression. This may be a nice hotel but they obviously don't care much about the guest experience. I would never stay here again.
4	I'll make this short and sweet. Compared to other Vegas hotels the Aria does not discourage you to hang in your room by providing less than acceptable amenities. I was here for business and not much of a gambler so really appreciated the nicely appointed room at a decent price. I went back to Vegas for the NAB conference and they were sold out so had to stay at the Monte Carlo which was a bit of a bummer considering I stayed at the Aria 2 months prior. Eh well.
5	The Sky Suites are very nice, if you actually get a suite. If you are staying at the Sky Suites, there is a little lounge with free beverages such as juices, coffees and teas, and sparkling waters. There are also fruits, cookies, etc. to eat at certain hours.
5	Checked in on a Sunday afternoon after the crazy Cinco de Mayo and Mayweather fight.  We didn't have a problem booking a room at the last minute.  So my 5 stars was basically for my boy, Sean,  at the front desk who graciously hooked us up to their Penthouse Sky Villa Suite on the 33rd floor with a panoramic view of Vegas.  Not sure why, but he felt like we deserved it and YES, we did!  The room: Our 1400+ sq ft suite  had  1-bedroom, 1 1/2 bath, dining room, work station, living room, and floor to ceiling windows.  Lights, temperature, curtains were all automated and operated on their touch screen control.  (That touchscreen was a bit slow to react).  One push of the "Good-night" button and everything was shut down for you including the curtains.  The bathroom had a huge tub, a separate shower that also doubled as a steam room, a heated toilet seat that also doubled as a bidet, and a huge double door wood closet that just screamed luxury.  Robes and slippers for you to use. Room service was awesome.  He set my breakfast up just as I wanted, with a view of the city.  One con: Static!  Literally when I was messing with the bed sheets, you can actually see the static sparks.  If you wear those slippers around, beware, cuz you're gonna get shocked!  Bottom line: $275 a night that got us into the Penthouse Suite...ummm, no complaints there!
4	In terms of room design and decor, Aria is pretty great. Smaller than what you may be used to in Vegas, but the room is designed and decorated well. I am not the biggest fan of the remote that controls the room because the touchscreen is not responsive, but you can use the smaller remote for the tv. Check in was simple and if you call housekeeping for anything, they are very quick to respond. I do wish the ventilation system was a little stronger, temperature control was fine, but I am a smoker and the odor seemed to linger a bit longer than normal (this may have something to do with the LEED certification but who knows). Some cons -  soundproofing could be better and I wish there were more reasonably priced dining options.
5	I guess being a Casino Guest at another hotel you get spoiled with exceptional service by your host and how your treated accordingly.  With that said referred to a new host from a friend of mine as myself and 7 friends headed to Las Vegas for a 4 night stay and 3 days of top shelf golf, food, fun etc.  I will as I get time detail each restaurant and golf course individually.  This is simply the Aria and its set up.  My New Host Nicole Houng was arrainged and she set up King Sized rooms 3 non smoking and 1 smoking for the gamblers in the group. The other 4 guys set up their rooms on their own.   All Rooms confirmed via email and very specific regarding type of room set up. If you recall my last trip outside the Mandalay Bay or Bellagio the Cosmopolitan was a complete phuck up.  This I hoped would go smoother.We all arrived fairly late in the evening approximately 10-11PM Local time.  on Wednesday evening. Upon check in we were told only the 1 Smoking bed king was available and all others would be queen beds only for night one. Reading the reviews from other clients it appears this is the # 1 complaint. Either they don't have enough kings or they simply do not honor reservations.  Being from a casino reservation you would expect the king beds to be saved but alas it was not to be.  I had a short an animated conversation with front desk manager Ron Miller and told him this would not happen at the Mandalay Bay.  His Response and I quote " If you would like for us to take you over to the Mandalay Bay we will be happy to".   I literally was about to jump over the counter and smack the guy I was so pissed off with the complete and utter disrespect he seemed to sense it and backed off. Bottom line NO KING BEDS a bad start.Check in and the queens and rooms are  pretty dam special. Every modern accoutrement and electronic set up including an I pad to control, lights, temperature, wake up calls, windows etc.  Beds for my taste entirely TOO SOFT. Heavenly mattress and linens but I need firm bed.  Bathroom handsomely appointed with tub and separate shower and toilet.   Twin sinks but the power outlets sat in the middle directly behind all their soap shampoo set up and it was difficult to plug things in without knocking everything over.  All and all rooms pretty impressive king or not.  Unlike many hotels, elevators plentiful with good security checking room keys.  Step back now as upon check in I sent a quick email off to Nicole (Casino Host) and relayed the evenings spectacle at the front desk.  She was IRATE that we would be treated that way. Mind you I'm on a 100% comp room while the other boys are new casino rate guests.   Nicole went up and beyond at this point first by comping the rooms for the other 3 guests on a casino rate for the 1st night.  She had valets move all the luggage and clothes and toiletries the next day to anyone who wanted king rooms.  Sent us all 8 a Complimentary buffet pass for the next morning and the 4 from the casino received a bottle of champagne, chocolate covered strawberries and pastries Thursday night.  Let me tell you something, I've been around customer service all my life and this lady gets it.  Thank you Nicole our stay was nothing short of outstanding and anyone I'm sending to Vegas will be heading your way. I'll review the restaurants separately.  Bottom line is Casino was spacious and never Smokey. Never made it to the pool but looked nice.  Transportation and bell person service was easy and quick.  Spacious promenade level with multiple dining options casual and formal.   All and All a pretty impressive hotel that understands customer service.  One small caveat that needs to be mentioned. Playing Craps the last night I walked over to the table with a bag in my hand had a golf shirt in it "Gift".  Stan the boxman stated don't forget your bag when you leave ok.  Played craps did very well and at one point a die hit off the dealers chest back into play and the stickman called no roll.  WAIT it was a winner 10 about 1K payoff to me and my 5 friends Playing.  Before we could even start the uproar Stan said PAY THEM.   That's star #1.  Then after we all did fairly well, we went to the cage and I of course left my bag under the table.  10 minutes later Stan runs me down and finds me to hand me the bag.    Again up and above and beyond the call of duty. Super service and then some.Great Experience and will definitely stay here again.
5	pools are relaxing and the staff is good. It's Vegas what do you expect :)
3	We stayed at the Aria Sky Suites for my wife's birthday.  I thought we we going to experience a 5 star hotel.  Unfortunately, we had a different experience.  The room was quite nice.  Clean, new, big...but still nothing completely outstanding.  My main gripe is the service.  One one think when staying in a exclusive hotel such as the Sky Suites, you would have top notch service.  What we experienced was definitely lackluster.  Slow response times, un-attentive staff, nothing to differentiate guests at the standard Aria to the Sky Suites, other than Sky Suites having a single inconvenient entry, and the hotel nickel and dimming you for EVERYTHING (except for the free super slow internet).  One example, while starting our birthday celebration early, we decided to get the bottle of Patron in the minibar.  $40 for the bottle...overpriced, but it is the mini bar, so it was understandable.  What really irritated me was when I called to get some lime wedges, they charged me $15 for a half of a lime, and it took them a hour to bring it to the room!!!  Come on!!  You'd think they could throw in a 50 cent lime for a small $40 bottle of tequila in a near $1000 a night room.  It's only $15, but its that idea of it all that really got to me.  They don't care about the guests, they only cared about the guest's $$$.Anyways, the hotel is a beautiful Vegas hotel, and its less annoying than many other hotels on the strip, but if you want a true luxury Vegas spot, just go to the Mandarin Oriental.
4	Lost my wallet there. Wasn't too worried. Talked to security and 10 minutes later they called me, having found my wallet/someone turned it in(?). I asked where I should go to pick it up - they said to sit tight and sent two security guys to get it to me while I was waiting at the sports bar.BTW, I always leave a little tip for housekeeping. I also asked for extra towels and bathy soaps and they TOTALLY delivered. So nice....Pricey? A little. But I'm a glutton for being serviced. SERVICE ME!!!!It helps that Jean-Phillipe is in the lobby. I'm also a sucker for a well-made crepe.
1	This place is beautiful, but beware.....If you touch anything in the minibar, you bought it, and it won't necessarily be itemized on your bill.  Check your bill carefully and if someone at the front desk will actually talk to you, ask questions. The service is sloooow.  At the buffett, we waited for 15 minutes for the privilege  of being able to ask for coffee and another 15 minutes for delivery.  Buffett price on the weekends $36.00, champagne or mimosas extra.  Now I know where the Wall street guys go to play.
4	The best thing about this place are the deals they offer from time to time. I got a room for $109 on Monday facing the strip with $100 in food credit. The room itself is very modern with the newest trimmings in technology. You can literally control your room with a remote control. Just turn on the flat screen and navigate through the options and directories. You control all lights, temperature, curtains, alarm clock, entertainment, room service, check out service, etc.., The shower and tub are locked in one stall,  which is great. You got a phone in the toilet room which is EXCELLENT for those special calls!Room service was quick and the food was not bad. Again, I had the $100 in food credit so I spoiled myself with the filet mignon. It was the best room service steak I had experience. It came with a 10oz, bowl of fries, and a variety of bread.The downside of the Aria is what's downstairs in the Casino level. It's vacant and it just seems like a ghost town. It only has one gift and snack shop. You have the high-end Crystals mall next door but it only retails clothes. The resort is definitely catered towards adults and not families.Will I stay here again? 100% yes. It's clean, modern and the price is just right.
1	As an update, the crummy small room has dark and ugly furniture and the shower had very weak water pressure. We moved out of here after one night and into the Venetian, where the rooms were the same price, literally twice as large and the customer service far better. Aria may be new but seriously, what a dump.
3	I was staying across the street at Dvara which doesn't have a sit down restaurant so we went to the main floor restaurant. I think they are open 24/7. We went for breakfast and the prices were not ridiculous, but my eggs Benedict was pretty bland. It needed salt & pepper and something else. It was plane hotel food, not Vegas special.Regarding the casino, I liked the understated decor and nature feel with rich browns.
4	My experience with Aria was actually pretty good.  Granted, the only thing that I did here was use their valet parking, the room, and the buffet.  Check-in was very smooth.  I got in at quarter to two o'clock and the check-in lady found my reservation and got me a City View room that was "optional" but she did find me one so that was awesome.  She did mention that she was putting a $130 incidentals pre-charge on my credit card  for any of the stuff inside the room like the water bottles, snacks, and stuff from the mini-bar.  I've never heard of any hotel pre-charging for this but I made extra careful not to put any of my stuff near the mini-bar items as they were removing the charge after I check out.To summarize my pluses and minuses for the room:Pluses: automated controls, bed, TV channel selection, view(City View room), granite floor and counters in bathroom, fancy robes in the closet, Privacy/Service for housekeeping selected by a button and not the door hanging plastic thingMinuses: weak shower head pressure, desk chair not comfy when sitting for long periods, and curtains didn't black out all the light from the morning sun, enough light leaked in that woke me up at sunrise.Other pluses that I liked included the valet parking who I could call in advance to have my car ready to pick up, the proximity to the CityCenter mall, and the ample food options here(fine-dining and casual) including a bunch for dessert and coffee too.  I passed by and saw maybe over 20 flavors of gelato in their case.  The pool gets a pass for now because the day I went...there were super high winds so the pool had to close early and I also skipped the retail stores and the Cirque Elvis show.  The fitness center was very nicely equipped though.There is a lot walking involved if you stay here, especially walking from the self parking lot to the casino itself.  Make sure to take the tram or use the walkaway into Monte Carlo for easier access to the other casinos off the Strip.  If interested, make sure to pass near the Deuce Lounge which has a bunch of painted Christopher Walken pictures hung on the wall nearby.And a tip to any people who had trouble with the wifi for laptops or smartphones.  Make sure to log in to the wifi through your browser each time you log in with your device.  It's a pain, I know, but the wifi does work.
3	Hummmmm, where do I start..............If it wasn't for the Yelp Spring Break deal, I don't think I would have stayed here for around $400 a night on Friday and $600 on Saturday night.  I got a deal to stay from Thursday night to Saturday night for $177 a night, which is a steal in my opinion. Now with so many things to say, I'll list in bullet:Service:- bell service: top notch!- valet: fast, convenient, and parks your car inside not outside- check-in: WAITED 30 MINUTES TO CHECK IN with only 5 people in the line, a line that was invisible - check-in: did not even remind me that I have $50.00 to use inside the hotel!  If it wasn't the fact I REMEMBERED the afternoon before I checked out, I wouldn't have use it!           - check-in: the manager that was standing in the back was playing with her hair the whole time while I was checking in (and had a shit face too)- check-in: very accommodating!  Won't give me highest floor, won't give me room with city view or anything-  house maid: super nice, accommodating and makes the room super cleanRoom:- lights were wayyyyy to dark - new, so of course is nice- original price you have to pay for the hotel, NOT WORTH THE MONEY- very techy, but with such a techy room, no ipod dock.... WTFBottom line, no deal = no stay!
5	This is a very modern hotel, the service was great in all areas except housekeeping which was a little hap-hazard but this still did not spoil our stay and we will definitely return
4	Stayed here for a few nights recently and will definitely be my top choice next time I'm in town. I'm not much of a gambler so I made sure to take advantage of the other things about Aria. - gym was super nice. free towel service and bottle water. tv's on pretty much all the cardio machines. made me feel a little less guilty about the buffet trips. yeah. plural. T_T- buffet was good. not great, but I've paid more for less. more than $30 for weekend lunch and unlimited champagne for like $8 more. snow crap legs are light-sabred for your convenience. try the veal. seriously!- room was pretty nice with great view of the pool area. the ac was not working and they sent a dude up to fix it within 10 minutes. - loved the pool area and I have to agree with my friend that for Vegas, the douche factor is actually pretty tolerable and people were cool. just be careful, the ground is super slipery, especially with sandals on. one dude slipped and it was not pretty.- staff was great throughout, helpful and pleasant. although checking keycards everywhere is a little much.Totes recommend this hotel especially if you can get a deal.*all kinds of sexy around too. swooon!
4	Stayed here on Yelp Spring Break (thanks Yelp!)Gorgeous property - the calmer cousin of Wynn-Encore, located in City Center. Lobby is spacious, sun-lit with a wonderfully airy feel. While Cosmo is ultra-sleek, and Encore is opulent, Aria has a clean, modern feel. ROOMHad a cityview king suite room on the 21st floor - not really a view as this was overlooking the main lobby drive. The room was smaller than anticipated, partially due to poor layout. The sitting area by the window felt like it was immediately up against the bedroom area, which was narrowly separated from  the desk area. The desk was located next to the overly large minibar, while the other side of the desk had dead space. Didn't really care for the overly dark tones of the room (super-dark chocolate). Minimal room decor - emphasis was the dark wood tones and simple modernity.Bathroom had Decolav fixtures, Kohler sink, Toto lav and was modestly sized. Room is pretty hi-tech with a central console that controls room lighting, curtains, TV/radio. Top pick for room technology remains Cosmopolitan, however, for sleekness and ease of use.DININGSeveral of the restaurants feature a prix-fixe menu (5-7pm), which is an interesting option. Prefer restaurants at Wynn-Encore vs. Aria however.SERVICEFront desk was very professional and pleasant. Helped book a roll-out bed and upgraded us to a higher floor. Business Center was very accommodating and professional.POOLAria pools are calm and spacious - there are 3 pools besides LIQUID pool lounge. Found it quite pleasant.LOCATIONAria is connected to Crystals, which has a bridge to the Cosmo. City Center is convenient to navigate and you can easily just spend time within this area. Crossing to the other side of the Strip can be challenging however, as there is essentially only one sky bridge.
5	With a five star class mall filled with amazing unique restaraunts to rare stores, this property is amazing and beautiful inside and out. It has a very unique, homely feel to it inside the casino and offers different hotels suites for people looking to mix it up. Worth the stop and the location is a big plus too being right on the strip in the mist of all the Las Vegas action.dp
2	Very stylish place, but too bad their customer service can't keep up with their decor.  When I reserved my room,   I specifically asked for a room above the 25th floor.  They were very nice to me and they told me that I'd be taken cared of.  When I checked in, they were rude to me and they told me that only the 12th floor was available.    When I went to my room, the first thing I noticed was it smelled like weed.  Then I sat on the bed and couldn't help but notice that the comforter had someone else's hairs on it.  The furniture was dirty and I quickly found that you can't even use the fridge in the room because it's full of snacks that are charged to you after 30 secs of being picked up.  The place looks nice and upscale, but the service doesn't match.  I'm going somewhere else next time.
4	Stayed here for 2 days during spring break last month and am finally getting around to the reviewThe check in staff was great and check in was fast and only took a couple minutes and we were on our way to our room. We ended up on the 28th floor I believe and had a nice strip view. The beds were comfortable and the bathroom was spacious, but it was kinda odd with the tub being in the shower, but still being separate. I wish I would have taken a picture so it makes sense what I am saying. The room was a little small though in my opinion, but it was pretty comfortable. There was all the cool electronic fancy doo da stuff in the room which was cool, but I really don't think the room was better than a room at the cosmopolitan or MGM signatureThe casino was very nice and the cocktail waitresses were really cool and brought us shots of patron while we were gamblingThe pool complex was really cool with a lot of pools and had a really fancy feel but not fancy to the point where one would feel out of place. The cocktail waitresses were really nice at the pool too and ask if you needed drinksWe lost our keys a couple time but the staff at the front desk had no problems giving us new keys and making sure we tossed the old keys. I did have an issue with being charged $20 for a bag of chips from the weight sensitive plates in the room, but they took it off when we checked out with no questions asked. But this has led me to always be paranoid about those plates nowOverall, I wouldn't mind returning, but it would have to be at a promo code pricing as at full price I would much rather go to the cosmopolitan
4	I wish I could stay at this hotel everytime I visited Vegas. Positives:CleanNewPrettyAesthetically PleasingSmells NiceLots of MachinesBeautiful RoomBathroom= All glassFriendly staffNegativesSomeone can watch you drop a deuce.. unless you drop the curtain down (It can be a positive if you want it to be.. if you're into that kind of stuff)Financial drain on this poor student's walletThat's about all! I love everything about this place. What's not to love about Vegas? Except for the hookers. But they're not that bad.
3	Does anyone actually win at the Aria? I came out ahead at Hard Rock and Bellagio, but lost my as$ at the Aria. I don't think I saw one happy person leaving the casino.
4	Check in was a pain in the you know what! We waited 30 minutes just to get to the front of the line. We requested early check in, so that made up for arriving to Vegas early in the morning.Not sure why other people talked about how long it takes to get to their room or the strip!! Took us 20 seconds to get to our room from the elevator and 3 minutes to get to the strip. The hotel is centrally located and within walking distance of poular strip attractions. Loved the atmosphere and the vanilla scent was not that bad. The restaurants are pricey, but it's VEGAS! Our entire floor was quiet! Room was perfect and we enjoyed the gadgets used for controlling everything in the room. Towels were ruff, but not see-through like another Yelper mentioned. The pillows were so comfortable; I bought one to take home.Pool was fantastic! Was not overcrowded and plenty of chairs to lounge.We will return to Aria in the future.
1	I know I know,it was memorial weekend and whole las Vegas was packed.....but I made a reservation around 3weeks ago, and they juz ignored my request of 2queen beds room. Giving me a king size bed with a add-on twin bed instead. Tht room costs 560+tax.....my fds and I juz didn't feel good and not quite acceptable.... Worst???? The add-on bed was standing against he wall when we got in....then we asked them to set it, we checked it 4hrs later(around 1 am) and it was till standing up. Paying extreme high price to receive this kind of service in a five stars hotel just doesn't make sense and all I can say is disappointing.
2	I wanted to love this place... Alas, the reality of being in a thousand room hotel still working out its kinks sets in.Pros:Beautiful lobbyFriendly staffBuffet is outstanding (seriously, AND its not in a casino basement. This is near the pool with giant floor to ceiling windows!)Bedsheets are so incredibly softBed is very comfortableBig flat screen tv (expected)Nice bathroomGreat fitness center3 pools, easy to find a chair"Free" wi-fi as part of the $29 daily resort feeCons:THE BLACKOUT SHADES DO NOT WORK!!!I REPEAT--THE BLACKOUT SHADES DO NOT WORK!!It wasn't just my room. Everyone was complaining that the gap in the curtains where the L shape comes to an end was wide open and the sunlight goes directly onto the head of the bed! Nice 7am wakeup call both days after being out most of the night.There was a bag of pills-- yes PILLS-- in my bathroom upon arrival, left from a previous guest. Some of you may have enjoyed that extra amenity but I did not enjoy the discovery.My room was full of crumbs and coffee / drink stains on the flat surfaces (bed stand, desk, area between the closets). Do much cleaning?There was black mold in the shower. For a hotel only a few years old, that says a lot about their housekeeping standards. Ever use a scrubbrush in there? Guess not.Smoky casino. I expected the air to be more filtered in there, being a new hotel, but it was more smoky than Caesar's or Bellagio.The "home" remote control touchscreen that controlled the electronics in the room didn't work. Very frustrating.Would I go back, probably not. I have had better stays at Four Seasons, Venetian, Pallazzo, etc. There are simply more than enough hotels to choose from that have better housekeeping and full blackout shades.
3	We enjoyed our stay at Aria. The rooms are pretty futuristic, with sensors that open the shades and turn on the TV when you open the door, as well as controls that allow you to put the room to bed and wake up with the touch of a button. However, when your power goes out as ours did, it means you can't do anything, including open your blinds, so you're stuck in the pitch dark. Luckily, the maintenance man they sent was super nice and cool and told us some history about the hotel while we waited for a fix. The lobby and casino were pretty nice and felt clean and new, though the whole thing smelled strongly of vanilla (not the rooms). Decent restaurant selection (buffet was OK, and we got $100 food voucher per room for booking), and the hotel is connected by indoor walkway to the rest of Citycenter's shops and hotels. I felt like we were decently located, but it's not right in the middle of things, if that's a consideration for booking. The pool was pretty nice, but it closed SO early -- 6 p.m.! The sun wasn't down but we had to leave, and they don't have any sort of night activities out there like some of the hotels, so that was disappointing. I guess they have a club (VIP?) but that's not my scene, so I didn't check it out. Overall, I was very happy with the hotel, though it was on the pricey side, and I think for the trip we were taking, we'd have been just as fine at a lower-price-point place instead.
1	WORST HOTEL IVE EVER STAYED AT IN VEGAS!!!!First, housekeeping stole a $100 bill out of my wallet when they did the turn down service (i dont gamble so I know I didn't spend my $$) Second, my key was deactivated about 15 times during my 4 night stay and the keys wouldnt even work when I would go down to the concierge and ask for a replacement so every time I wanted to get into my room I was at the mercy of security to let me into my own room. This was extremely inconveniencing at 2pm, 5pm, and 2am especially when security took their sweet time (upwards of 30 minutes) to let me into my room. THEN, after I complained, one of the managers said I could have a $40 room credit which I planned to use on room service after I had gotten off work. I ordered a SALAD at 12am hoping it would arrive in an hour...no. Two hours later, I called to cancel my order because I was going to bed...starving. Finally after that charade happened, I left a dress in another room. I called 2 weeks later wondering if it had been turned into lost & found. Immediately the lady on the other line said it wasn't there and they only keep items for 14 days. Remind you, she hadn't asked what my checkout date was or for a description of the dress. So rude. I never wish a stay at the Aria upon anyone. Its aesthetically pleasing but the customer service is worse than Circus Circus. A bunch of selfish clowns who could care less about their consumer.
4	Great hotel. Meant to give 5 star but the person at check-in was simply rude.
4	When i first saw this hotel being built on the tv show "Build it Bigger" i knew i had to stay here.  The architecture is just amazing, and there is nothing quite like it.  Yes, a beautiful and modern hotel/casino, and it actually has a "nice" smell! LOL!But of course, with beautiful modern elegance, comes price.  They do have a daily resort fee.  But i think you get what you pay for.  The hotel rooms are as beautiful as the resort (just about everything is controlled by a remote).The hubby and I stayed for 3 days, and enjoyed everything, the room, casino, the staff...I'd definitely stay here again.
5	Great, modern hotel with all the Vegas food and fun you need!  Went with my hubby for a birthday celebration.  Room was perfect - we loved the "remote control everything" feature.  Staff very friendly and responsive anywhere you see them.  We saw the Cirque Elvis show in the hotel and dined at Julian Serrano also - a must.  Coffee every morning (and yummy pastries/chocolates) at Jean Philippe is also a must.  Pools were excellent and pool staff could not have been nicer and more helpful.  To me, this refreshing hotel is the perfect size, not overwhelming yet it has it all and is also convenient walking to just about anything you want to so in Vegas!
4	Nice clean luxurious hotel. Friendly and courteous staff.  The rooms are are equipped with WIFI, remote technology that gives you full control of your room from automatic curtains to lights all from your fingertip. What I really liked about Aria is the comfort and security.
5	The aria is a gorgeous hotel with all of the amenities you could ask for and more.  The staff couldn't be more helpful...a must stay if in Vegas!
1	We come to gamble/hang out here every time were in Vegas so we finally decided to stay here. Unfortunately, our first stay here was a huge letdown. Poor customer service, poor management.Tried to check-in early around 2:45p, they said they don't do early check-ins and the computers were down anyway. Fine, so we hang around and come back around 4:30p... Holy crap there are about 200 people in line! Employees "strongly suggest" we come back at 8p to skip the line. We ask if there's an Mlife line, they say no. Ooookay... That's weird, since every other MGM property has one, for those handy times you book through Mlife and trouble is we wanted to use our resort credit to take my dad out for a birthday dinner at Sage. Can't do that if I don't have my room...Anyway, it's now 7p, we go to check the line and there now appear to be even more people waiting in line. We tell the new guy who seems to be manning the lines that the lady who previously helped us told us to come back later, and incredulously he asks why we would ever do that and moreover no employee would ever suggest that -- okay jerk, so the 5 other people with the same story at the bar... we're all liars? He walks away. Awesome customer service buddy! So now we say screw it, decide to wait and hope we can get through it in time for bday dinner... 3 hours later we finally get to the front of the line and they don't even have my reservation. She goes off to look for it so we wait even more. Finally, around 11p we make it into our room. Check out's at 11a, so we just paid for 12 hrs. Absurd. We're only staying one night here and we've already lost 7+hrs with the room, dinner, and wasted way too much time in line. Oh yeah, come to find out there is an Mlife line after all, and no, not everyone had to wait in the same line. But the kicker is they wouldn't extend our resort credit, all the restaurants are now closed, so what... Are we supposed to use it on 20$ room service donuts in the morning? Totally unacceptable damage control by management. It is NOT HARD to give a gift card instead so we can take my pops out to dinner the next day. Can't even take him to lunch.So, pretty sure I won't be coming back here. Hotel is gorgeous, rooms are gorgeous, I'm sure Sage would've been amazing, but lack of service just killed it for me. I get the computer crashes were not their fault but how they mishandled every thing after it was. Take your money next door to the Cosmo and get actual 5 star treatment.1 for service4 for hotel
2	horrible horrible horrible. first thing, the WORST HOSPITALITY. staff is very unfriendly, unprofessional, and show a lack of care. secondly very unorganized. I arrived during EDC weekend early only to find out the hotel doesnt allow early check in. fine. so i wait around for my check in time (3pm) when check in time rolls around, i come back to the desk only to see a line almost out the door! The system is down they say and nobody can check in until 5. Great, i had plans for 6 pm. The staff was absolutley rude and didnt even bother to acknowledge any questions or conerns. Too bad this is just the start.
1	First and foremost, I should tell you I'm giving them 1 star simply because I can't give them 0 stars.I booked a room for 3 days during EDC weekend- had an early flight so I called a few days before(Thursday) to see if they allowed early check-in, was told absolutely. We arrived 8:30/9:00am to find that their system had been down since Tuesday and they couldn't check-in until 3:00. Shouldn't I have been told that when I called on Thursday? After walking the strip in 100 degree heat all morning, I went back to Aria around 1:00 to see if anything had changed- it hadn't. I hung out in the lobby until 3:00 only to find that check-in had been pushed to 5:00 because the computer system wasn't back up. Tell me this- what did we do before computers? Currently, there are 500+ people in the lobby waiting to check-in(the line wraps around the building). And what's being done? Absolutely nothing. Way to go Aria- we paid a premium price for a premium experience and what do we get? A day of vacation absolutely wasted.
4	This place is super beautiful!  Has a lot of elegance and class.  Tonight, I met up with a friend at the View lounge.  The Aria is huge and goes on forever.  They have Haze and this Italian eatery to die for!  A couple of things I did not like about Aria is the darker decor.  The great thing is that it's new, however, too dark and boring for my taste. I also didn't enjoy the parking situation.  If you would like the valet, it's down one road with the Cosmo, but self parking took me down another busy road down LV Blvd.  Too much room for missing exits, roads and the smaller signs don't really help. Too bad my review is only about the casino floor, or my rating may have been higher.
2	Usually our stays at Aria have been most enjoyable,  but this time changed my views  of Aria completly. Not only did we wait in line for 3 hours to check in but then they didnt even have the room we had already paid for. They downgraded our roomAnd to top things off they refused to credit us the difference. Then we requested a mini fridge be brough to our room. After agreeing to the $25 a day rental fee they then took 40 minutes to bring the fridge after we were promised it would be there in 10.  When the fridge finally showed up we realized an hour later it was not even working. We then called and requested another one be brought and switched out as we had perishable foods that needed to be refridgerated  immediatly. When we left an hour later the fridge had still not been brought. Now we have to pay another cab ride to repurchase the groceries.
1	Oh Aria. True, that your a well decorated hotel. Art collection, rooms to die for, modern in all ways, fancy controls to open and close the curtains. Incredible location.Oh how I wanted to love you.... To be held in your arms and whispered sweet things to. However, that was merely a Vegas illusion.Sadly, I was there to witness the complete and utter meltdown of the front desk reservation system over 5 days (Side note, this also affected all MGM property's in Vegas.) While computers do go down, it's the service that should make up for the inconvenience. Sadly, for a property of Aira's caliber, the service was less than stellar. In fact, I've received better service at the HoJo in who knows were Iowa. Highlights include, being told that we didn't have a room after being checked in, receiving no less than 4 different rate quotes ($108, to $399) to add on an extra night, being told that "we have no rooms left" (After we already changed our outgoing flight to stay said extra night, that did exist just a few hours before) and a security guard who never did show up as promised to let us into our rooms (after we returned from seeing, Love (EXCELLENT show BTW) and found that our add on night reservation had "Vanished" from there now running computer system and we were locked out of our hotel room (We were told we'd have to pay a higher rate just to get back into our room and they would "adjust it in the morning" ) (Side note, had we called security for a more pressing situation, would they have shown up then?)After explaining our room rate quest, many times over. Seeing many many MANY reports from others who had waited 8 plus hours to check in, or had folks walking into rooms that were occupied already. We left. Upon checkout, after once again going over the rates and bill, I had to haggle to get it lowered and the front desk girl while nice, still seemed uninterested in the problems we had had. Had I wanted to miss my flight out, I would have stayed and addressed this further, as it is I will be following up with a letter to the hotel GM and the BBB.This conversation, as we were leaving the hotel's taxi stand between a Taxi driver and the hotel porter sums things up perfectly... Taxi Driver: "How's it going this morning": Aria Porter: "Horrible, I haven't made a tip all morning!"I didn't tip the guy either!
2	This is supposed to be a AAA 5 Diamond resort. I received no baggage service, and a room that still had all of the trash from the previous guest. Multiple light bulbs were burnt out, dust and the short and curly hairs everywhere! Add insult to injury they stack on a $25 a day bait and switch charge for wifi and phone with a dial tone. What's next, a pay toilet?At their SkyBox bar their waitress call my companion a slob for sharing two pitchers of beer while gambling at their sports book.Their director of food and beverage, Rob Bigelow had words for the server that aren't for this forum, and the meal was comped. Yet the damage was done, as the experience was ruined.On the casino floor, you're lucky to get drink service once an hour, even when you tip a green chip out of the gate ($25). Approximately half of the table employees were more interested in gripping about personal problems or how happy they'll be when they are "of my shift in 45 minutes". I play craps and The Aria pit bosses use all the old tricks when they realize that you're a shooter: they switch out the dice for 5 light weight ones, bring in a cooler to bark in your ear, force you to roll the way they set the dice or forfeit your wagers and turn!If you want a REAL 5 star hotel and casino, you know which one's they are... This isn't one of them, not even close!
4	Aria seems to be one of the "hot" places to stay in Vegas these days and after my 3 nights there I can see why. I don't think any good can come out of staying in Vegas more than 2 nights, but I was actually sad to say ta ta to Aria and Sin City after the long weekend.Like most hotels on the strip Aria is HUGE. When I FINALLY made it up to my room I was exhausted, but one look my clean, modern surroundings put a big smile on my face. I especially liked the blackout curtains and admit to pressing the button about 80 times.I visited the uh-mazing gym a few times as well and wish I had more time (and $) to indulge in a spa day. There's lot of food options throughout the hotel. Chill (located near the gym) makes a mean iced latte and I enjoyed a tasty breakfast at Cafe Vettro. My husband and I were going to check out the sushi restaurant, but opted to go elsewhere after checking out the menu and realizing we'd be spending a month's worth of diapers (sorry Baby R) on just a few sushi rolls.While I was in Las Vegas for work I did get a few hours of glorious downtime at the pool the last day. It was super packed, but we did manage to find some lounge chairs together. The pool waitress assigned to our area had a bit of 'tude and told us she didn't have time to take our order so we picked up some chicken ceasar wraps at the pool instead. There always seems to be a new "hot" place to stay when I visit Vegas, but I'd be up for another few days at Aria!
5	When I come to a hotel I expect it to be equal to or greater than what I have at home. Let me tell you, Aria delivered on that front!I arrived during EDC weekend when the reservation system went down and everything had to be done manually. I ended up waiting in line almost 2 hours before I got to my hotel room. When I went to checkout again, the TV checkout system failed to work, requiring me to wait in line for 30 minutes to checkout. I heard that long check-in check-out times are common place in Las Vegas, I don't know. I was very pleased with the corner suite I got at Aria. I felt like a king every time I walked into it and I never wanted to leave. The room was so big and so much larger than I had expected. I loved how Control4 was integrated throughout the entire room. I was impressed with both how well they had it working and with how well their custom integration worked with their hotel services. Every light switch was labeled and you could control the curtains with the touch of a button. When you left the room all you had to do was press a button that said "Service" to indicate that the room was ready to be clean. Very cool. I liked how all the TVs were wall mounted. Everything was just very clean looking, modern, and up to date. Even the toliet seat was heated. Now that is attention to detail! Whenever they would clean my room they did it perfectly. They cleaned things that I would expect to normally be skipped. They paid extra attention to every detail. They even put chocolates on the night stand near my bed every time. One day they put out the slippers for me to wear. Every time I came back and the room was cleaned, it looked like the very first day that I came to the hotel. They even folded my clothes that I had lying on the bed. They put my toothbrush and my other bathroom nessecities on these square paper towels to keep them off the counter. I was amazed. I had to take a double-take every time I came back to my room to make sure that it was actually mine. I ordered room service 3 nights. Each night it took about an hour from the time I ordered it to the time I received it in my room. Room service was pretty accurate for the most part when they gave time estimates. I had the Seared Halibut twice which I liked a lot and I recommend. I also tried the pizza which was decent enough.Aria has a really nice spa. It felt very heavenly. I could stay there for hours. They have a salt room which was interesting. I don't know if I could tell if it was working or not. The infinity pool was cool. I liked how it overlooked the Liquid Lounge and you could hear the music and watch the people mingle below as you sit and relax high above. They have 4 hot tubs all of different temperatures. I especially liked the Eucalyptus sauna. It was better than the sauna at Caesars. Also I liked how there were less naked dudes walking around at the Aria spa as compared to Caesars. But Caesars did have an Artic room and a mineral water bath. I had a massage at the spa. You could tell it was higher quality that what you would get from a chain massage establishment. I could definitely tell the oils that they used were higher quality.One afternoon, I stayed at the pool. It was very enjoyable. I'd recommend everybody check out the pool. I didn't do any gambling at Aria so I can't comment on that. Aria is a little bit of a walk from the rest of the strip. I would say it takes about 10 minutes from your hotel room to the bridge on the strip if you walk normal pace. Probably get that down to 7 minutes if you walk more briskly.All in all, I would come to Las Vegas again just to stay at Aria. I enjoyed my time. Thank you Aria.
1	WOW. first AND last time i'll ever stay at Aria.Ok, so I don't know whose genius idea it was to update and take offline the reservations system the day before EDC AND during a Manny Pacquiao weekend, but all systems were down when I attempted to check-in Thursday.One thing I've noticed lately about my visits to fancy schmancy places is that management or the highers that be are seldom as great as the employees that support them. The bellhop that greeted us and helped us with our bags and the front desk agents that I encountered were WONDERFUL and the saving graces of a hotel that is quickly spiraling down like pennies into a barrel for the make-a-wish foundation.how can i sum up aria in one word? butterface.I liken Aria to the butterface of the strip. For a definition, see http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=butterface You see, Aria is HOT. It's shiny, it's pretty, it's relatively new. for the city center uninitiated, and from the glossiness of its glossy photos from its glossy website, i thought that aria would be a classy joint in a classy plaza, but alas, everything is good but. her. face. if you will, let's imagine that the exterior (architecture, art, tables, fancy rooms with remote-controlled everythang) is the body. Judging Aria by its cover, DAMN the girl is banging! But when you factor in a 3 hour wait to check in (i knew all those suits huddled in the middle while sorting through stacks of paper wasn't a good thing), and the lack of communication between staff members...she ugly, yo.For being inconvenienced, aria was giving away room comps. they told us to call the next morning for our comps, and so i did. guy said i would get X amount, and that was that. when i went to use it the next day, however, the person on the other end of the line said that it wasn't good anymore since i had already checked out.well, damn,  if i KNEW i couldn't use the comp after i checked out, I WOULD'VE USED IT BEFORE I CHECKED OUT. i told her that i was never informed that i had to use it prior to checking out, and like an elementary school shouting match, she kept snapping "well, you had to use your comps before you checked out." hey, beezy, i ain't deaf. i heard you the FIRST TIME, and so i repeated with, "yes, you just SAID that, and I just said that i wouldn't have checked out if i'd known. the gentleman on the phone FAILED. TO. MENTION. THAT. TO. ME." her, "well, there's nothing that i can do." me, "this IS a casino. can't you write up a comp?" her, "we. don't. do. that. here." oh, damn, fancy pants Aria is too fancy to write up comps?? luckily, the cashier took pity on me and suggested that i go see a manager, so i went downstairs and straight to the front desk.  explained to james, the young asian gentleman (in case Aria management would like to promote an excellent employee) at the desk my predicament, and he went off to talk to his manager to see what he could do.he comes back about ten minutes later with a comp double the size of my original one. when i saw the paper in his hands, my eyes widened and i squeaked, "SHE LIED TO ME?!" james, "excuse me?" to which i had to explain to him what had happened only moments before (the extremely unpleasant exchange). James then apologizes for the mishap.  it wasn't even his fault and he apologized. i have yet to hear an apology from the snarky trick on the phone. bottom line: there will always be a bigger, better, and brighter mega-casino popping up on the strip, but what keeps them in business is their staff. with inconsistent service, from the kind and friendly to the vitriolic, Aria won't be around for long unless it starts to quality check its services & employees from the top--down.i, for one, am done with Aria, and the experience has actually turned me off from the strip. Thankfully, i spent 3 days at the lovely Golden Nugget downtown, and will be frequenting that casino and its downtown sistas & bruthas whenever I come to vegas from now on. does that mean i'm getting old, or does that mean i've finally wised up to the sheer pretentiousness that often occurs on-strip? who knows...one thing i can assure you of is that i will stay away from aria's nasty ass face. no matter how cool that one button control is.
4	Unfortunately i arrived on a day that all mgm properties had computer issues so i waited a couple of hours to check in.  I am not even mad about the wait but more about the fact that no staff member warned us about a possible long wait when we first got there.   I am hoping Aria will assist me in rectifying this inconvenience.  Despite some issues with check in and check out, the rooms are absolutely top notch.  The view of the strip is amazing from their delux rooms and although you may think high tech gadgets isn't something you really need in your room, it proved to be very convenient at times.  You can control everything from thermostat Changes to room service from your tv.  The curtains open up for you as you arrive to the room and the curtains and all the room lights (including the bathroom) go off with one simple flip of a single switch.  Also many great restaurants to choose from (sage was amazing), and there was always a healthy line for the pastry restaurant.  There was a ton of people at the pools but because there's so much space it was never crowded.  Never made it into Liquid but the other hotel pools were great.  The drinks at the pool bar were a hefty $16 bucks a pop but that's par for the course at most pools in Vegas.  Casino smelt like vanilla which made for a pleasant time gambling.   My girlfriend used the spa and said they did a terrific job.The hotel location was perfect.  I've seen other reviews saying its too far from the strip but it's only about the length of a football field and then boom, you're right in he's middle of the bat part of the strip.  Other than the check out and forgetting to restock the bathroom one day, we enjoyed what Aria had to offer.  As long as management recognizes the inconveniences caused during their check in procedures I can definitely see myself making aria my go to hotel whenever I visit Vegas.
2	Et tu, Aria?Seems like this hotel has joined the long list of other resorts that have thrown away customer service, simple common sense AND appreciation for their paying customers customers. I was there for EDC Weekend (June 8-11) and, I have to agree with my fellow yelpers there, that the check-in fiasco has left a bitter taste even a week after the trip. The first thing you expect to do when arriving at your vacation destination is check-in, drop off your luggage, and relax! All of this could not be done because our arrival was met with a 2.5 hour long line of disgruntled travelers standing static and clueless to a computer system failure. I understand that technical issues happen and they can be beyond the control of any employees. But I ask, where was the foresight in attempting a massive computer system overhaul prior to one of the busiest weekend of the season?? Being an EDC sponsored hotel with and incoming of +300,000 guests to Vegas, a Manny Pacquiao Fight, Stanley Cup Finals, and NBA Playoffs? Aria did little, and by little I mean nothing, to compensate for the wait, computer meltdown, and inconvenience other than putting out some stanchions  to make it feel like a ride and handing out bottles of water. We aren't thirsty we are tired from a 4 hour drive or a plane trip. We got things to do and nowhere on a person's weekend plans should it include standing in line for hours with little information on the status of the situation.We were 10 minutes away from booking a room at the Paris down the way that boasted no lines and a rapid check-in as we were on a tight schedule when FINALLY they opened the check-in counters and started the process. We were near the front luckily and got through surprisingly fast from that point on. I'll give the hotel that, their staff handled it like an all-hands-on-deck black friday sale. By the end of the trip our promises of compensation seemed to be unfamiliar to the front desk upon check out. After ten minutes back and forth we got the resort fees removed from our room and oddly enough our total still came out higher than what we allegedly booked for through ARIA and EDC's "Great Deal". At the end of the day this was Aria's second chance to impress me. It was my return visit there. And even the first time, on a friday night, mid January, with no line at all, it took us a 45 minutes to check-in after the front desk couldn't find our reservation...This hotel looks great, something straight out of the future and it's a real testament to modern architecture. It's luxurious to the pinnacle of definition all the way down to the perfume adorned air to the auto curtains that slide open upon entering your room. But aside from all the aesthetic oooh's and aaah's this place soils itself when it comes down to the brass tax and the fundamental functions of any good business, that is of course, customer service. For the amount of money you spend here, it would behoove you to spend it at some place just as nice and with service that far surpasses this place. Cosmo, Venitian, or Encore are fine choices.
4	This place is a million times better than Caesars.Okay, the good.As an invited guest, check in is a snap. There is a little desk next to the main one.Self park entrance is on the LEFT as you drive into the city center street.There are more parking spaces on the 3rd and 4th floors.Once you get into the casino proper, go to the back wall (directly across from the entrance from self park) and follow it to the left for a short cut to guest elevators and lobby.The rooms are a little too high tech for their own good.Everything is operated by buttons: lights, shades, TV.When you walk into the room, hit the Master On button to at least see what is around you.The alarm clock is a touch screen control panel next to the bed.I made the mistake of turning it around to look at it at 4:30AM (to see what time it was) and it turned everything in the room on, including opening the shades.So, word to the wise, be very cautious when touching the device lest you trigger that master on switch.The minibar is sensor activated meaning, if you pick up an item to look at the label, you are charged for it. Even if you put it back.I locked the minibar and bought my supplies at CVS and ABC Store.I checked out on the TV.When you are returning to your room, you'll need to flash your room card to the security guards by the elevators.
3	5 stars for the hotel & rooms.2 stars for horrible customer service, employees, and management.Be sure to check your bill very carefully. They double charged me for the resort fees, charged me for an item a manager had comp'ed for us, and didn't apply the $50 credit we were promised for waiting in line 2-3 hours to check in. Room service also took anywhere from 1.25-1.75 hours the 3 times we ordered. When we checked in, one of the 2 light bulbs in our bathroom was out, so we had to wait for 'engineering' to come and fix it, which they were nice about. No late check out either, on a Tuesday! I had to beg for a 30 minute late checkout.The hotel, rooms, pools, views, everything is beautiful and not too tacky or gaudy like much of Vegas. Nice and quiet. But the mismanagement is too much for me to handle.
3	Awesome place to stay. Modern, clean, good atmosphere. Only 3 stars because of 0 water pressure in the shower and NO COFFEE POTIN THE ROOM!! Not much luck gambling here but it's close to some great places!! Would stay here again.
4	This hotel is a welcome addition to the strip.  Hotels like this, Mandarin Oriental, Cosmopolitan, are remaking the Las Vegas Strip.Attentive service, fresh atmosphere and vibe, good restaurant and bar choices.Slots are tight, for sure!  How else can they pay for all of this.It's impressive when a hotel of this size can maintain a 5 diamond rating.The rooms are tastefully decorated with everything automated.  Temp, drapes, TV, all can be handles through the tablet next to the bed or through the television.  Completely automated!TIP - grab a taxi on the back side (north valet).  Much quicker and easier and puts you away from the strip for quicker trips.Only complaint here is the frosted glass toilet walls and doors.  I have been to 3 hotels since January that have frosted glass enclosed toilets.  I don't understand this trend in hotels and I'm sure I'm not alone in hating it.Why even separate the toilet if you're going to have to close the whole bathroom door for any privacy.I'm sorry - but after 15 years, I still don't do certain things in front of my spouse.OK - 1 other complaint.  They need an organized line for the check in/check out area.  You're taking your chances getting in the wrong line and if you get behind a long check in or out person you're going to watch 5 other people that got in other lines after you move ahead.  They need to go to a next in line process.
5	I absolutely loved the Aria on my first and only visit. My 40th birthday celebration, we arrived and were able to check in early. Cons on check in: It is very slow, the signage to the rooms is poor and the vanilla scent is overwhelming.The Jean Phillipe Patisserie in the lobby was dangerously good. Amazing chocolate croissant, truffles, gelato and sandwiches.The room (corner suite) was sweet! Floor to ceiling windows, separate bedroom and living room, remote that controls blinds, alarm, lights, Jacuzzi tub overlooking the strip, and they were replacing our comforter as we checked in. That is rare! In room amenity was chocolate covered strawberries and chocolate dipped macaroons.  I loved the room (2 bathrooms!) but had to leave to go to the spa (poor me). What a treat! The massage was great (Mitch rocked), the facilities are huge. There is a salt room with pulsing music, a hot rock bed area, lots of chilled water and juice, snacks, and every toiletry from toothbrushes and toothpaste to hair spray and brushes. The jacuzzi overlooking the Liquid Lounge was well appointed but I have to question the placement. Thumping bass and bikini clad ladies dancing on a platform are hardly spa material.Everyone we came in contact with was hospitable and friendly (except the Patisserie ladies. They seemed pissed). Would return again and again.
3	I can't say I actually spent alot of time personally at Aria. It was so much to see and do in Vegas but this was like the gateway to everywhere else.  Had to roll through here just to get to other destinations.  I did want to see also what was the big deal with this CITYCENTER. Alot of shops just like some others Caesars Pier shops, for instance.   This is what took all this time and money to build, I missed seeing the opening in 2009.  I then got to see the finished product in 2011.  I would definitely pass through to see this property again next time I am in the area but I would probably not stay here.SOME POSITIVES:-ARIA is a huge place, seriously-Very cool looking from the outside, building is very futuristic looking. (Glossy, THAT is a good word)-Hotel is one of the newbies on the strip so they are still getting alot of attention-They have a nightclub right there- Haze (reviews I guess are barely decent on yelp, I didn't go there though)
4	Stayed at the Aria last week after the whole EDC fiasco and absolutely loved it! No complaints about the customer service since out check in was quick. The entrance to the place was kind of hard to find at first. Heard a lot about the hotel "being off the strip" but that wasn't the case at all! It's a fairly quick walk to Cosmo, just cut through the Crystal shopping center and you'll beat the heat. The casino was clean and did not smell like cigarette smoke which is a huge problem I have with other casinos. A lot of selections of food to choose from but not all of it was great. We did manage to eat at Aria buffet during our stay also. The saving grace was the abundant amounts of king crab legs up for grabs. Room wise was standard to most Las Vegas rooms. Aria standard room which we stayed in was a little bigger than the rest. Windows were nice and clean and the room was fairly technology savvvy. By the time we checked out I still couldn't figure out the control pad. Notes:*no checkout through the tv, make sure front desk has your email address when you check in so you can do express checkout through text.*$25 resort fee per day*ridiculous $30 a day to upgrade to two beds*housekeeping was keep and very accommodating!*pool was okay
4	I just stayed there and had a great experience.  My room was excellent, great size, and well laid out.  Most of the staff was excellent, friendly and courteous.  The hotel is large, like everywhere else in Vegas.  The pool was good, with a great crowd.  Exercise room was fine.  On site restaurants were great, especially Julian Serrano.  Aria is located right next to a huge high end shopping/dining complex.  If I had a negative, it would be the location.  It's kind of at the end of the strip.  However, there is a very quick tram to Bellagio.
3	I stayed here last year complimentary based on play from previous trips.  The room was nice and a pretty high floor with a good city view.  No tip required.Just returned from my last trip where I had to tip to get an upgrade (and was well worth it - poolside 3rd floor to city view 37th).  However the room was for my bachelor party and was unable to get a bigger room even after tipping and paying for the most expensive night.  Luckily there was only 4 of us and we managed to make it work - thank goodness for 2 sinks in the bathroom!I will say it is the little things that caused me to only give 3 stars.  No corkscrew opener for the wine, no ethernet cable provided for wired internet (although the wifi signal was actually strong enough unlike most hotels), the iron kept leaking and to take care of all this involved a front desk trip cuz all 3 of our room phones didnt work! We weren't even offered a change of room and they never fixed the problem.  They sure missed out on a ton of room service!The casino was pretty good except the only doubledeck blackjack tables were $50 minimum at all times where most others are only $25 for doubledeck.  Best place to eat is cafe vetro before 11 pm to take advantage of the full menu (french dip hint hint)I would stay here again but only if I was given an offer.  I would not request this place after be treated so poorly as a Platinum Mlife member!
4	What respectable hotel on the Vegas Strip doesn't have TVs in the bathroom?  Aria.Although they don't have TVs in the bathroom and the hotel has extra dim lighting I kind of like this hotel. Get ready to walk but no more than any other place on the strip. And enjoy all the great window shopping at Crystal shopping center (who can afford that place?).The wi-fi and cell connection was a bit spotty.
3	I did not stay here - I stayed at the Vdara and then too the very short walk over to get bottle service at Haze on a Saturday night and then came over to gamble and eat the next day. The hotel is stunning. Absolutely gorgeous to look at. Haze was good too, bottle services was what I expected. T-Pain was there that nights the only gripe I had about him being the DJ was that he never played a song for more than 30 seconds and then he would yell and play another - but annoying but whatever - I had a blast.
3	Pros:Amazing spacious roomsLet me check in earlyI had a $500.00 resort credit so I paid nothing to stayBuffet was amazingCons:Wireless Internet was shit at timesWaitress at the pool was rude/took forever to serve me and at one point pretty much told me to go to the bar myself cus she needed to cash out.I was still asleep when house keeping came so I asked for new towels and although they brought them up they didnt take away the dirty ones.All in all I would stay here again. Nice hotel
3	why 3 stars?!?!!?!??!I stayed here last weekend, and my over all expectations of this place are just ok. Honestly, it doesn't matter what room you stay in, whether its the regular room, or a sky suite (which is where i paid an arm and 2 legs to stay in), the service is the same. Not once did I get my room cleaned, or even after i asked for extra towels or sheets did they bring these items in a timely manner. On my itinerary, I was offered free buffet vouchers, not once did the hotel receptionist offer those vouchers to me (which i'm ok with but it's the whole principle). Although the service was a little crappy, I would have to say, hands down they have THE BEST valet, and bell service EVER!!!! These guys/girls are on top of their game!!! I asked for my luggage, the bell gentleman got there in like 5 mins. Same for my car!!!! Would I stay here again? Sure why not. But do I recommend this place, ehhh.. kind of...p.s. if you're staying in a sky suite, take advantage of the bathroom!!!! you'll know exactly what i'm talking about!!!! hahahah!!!!
4	I love the sweet smell of the Aria and the fancy remote controls in the rooms don't hurt.
4	Nice decor. Very modern. Only trouble is the pool does not ave an adults only pool. Other than that a nice hotel and resort. I would say this hotel s on par with Palazzo.
4	I'm giving Aria a 3.5, but chose to click on 4 stars because I stayed at Aria this past weekend and overall had an amazing weekend, so Aria must've done something right :)  The good:  -The staff is extremely nice and helpful!!  From the bellboy taking our things to our room to the concierge girl and the room service.....everyone was great and made the stay really pleasant.  -The pool was great!  There are a few pools to choose from, so our party chose the one without any children - Bonus!  There were plenty of chairs, although we did get there around 8:30am (we couldn't sleep!).  There is a nice bar right by the pools that serve really great mixed drinks and buckets of beer that aren't too ridiculously expensive.  There are also massage therapists outside with massage chairs that are very reasonably priced.  I was planning on getting a morning massage but forgot because I was having so much fun in the pool!-The location was pretty central.  It's right next to the Cosmopolitan so our trip to Marquee was easy, and there was a great little sushi place in the Crystal shopping area too.The bad:  -I think that it's over-priced.  The rooms really aren't that big, fairly standard if you ask me and I've stayed everywhere there is to stay in Vegas.-The decor is lacking.  I was expecting a grand lobby area but I was really disappointed, it was just sad looking with these dumb pieces of plastic paper with printed out daisies on the ceiling.  It just looked so cheap.  I was just really surprised with how little decoration they had considering they were supposed to be an upscale and expensive hotel in Vegas.  I mean MGM is better!!!Overall though, if I were splitting the price of the room again I would stay here.  If I were paying for it myself or with my husband, I would choose a different place.  For the price of Aria, you could probably stay at Bellagio which is honestly MUCH nicer, or the Venetian.
4	After staying at Planet Hollywood, and thinking it was going to be the "young and hip" hotel I realized that maybe I'm not young and hip anymore... and I'm okay with that.  The Aria is like the mature older sister that's grown up a little bit and has nicer things.  I like the nicer things...And thankfully I like nice things that are affordable or preferably discounted.  Aria always seems to have affordable rates.  I have no clue why, because it's a really beautiful modern hotel with many amenities.  There's lots of classy restaurants that offer a variety of food choices.  Not much on the low end level though.  Mostly nice lunch or dinner places.  But the citywalk attached offers a more varied cheaper fare.  On second thought, maybe I can straddle the line between young and hip and mature older sister.  The mall attached to this hotel has nothing in it that I can afford.  It's beautiful items, don't get me wrong, but I've already payed my discounted rate for the hotel, you think I'm going to bust out $2,000 for a Louis Vuitton handbag?  Methinks not.  The casino is also boring.  I'm not a gambler, so I like flashy things to entertain me.  PH had flashy things like dancers, fun bars inside and a young atmosphere.  This was a little snoozefesty.  So those were the downfalls.  Oh, and the buffet is awful.  See my review for that lameness.On the other hand, and a big upper hand at that, is that the pool area is awesome!  I love that they made it like a mini beach oasis.  Little sections with large pools and enough seating.  And servers who will actual get you a drink!  Not at all like the non-service I received at PH.  They have this VIP pool where you can pay to go in for like $30.  Now, I would never do that, but you can go in and eat lunch at the restaurant inside and stay to lounge around "for free."  It was awesome grabbing a lite bite and then lounging on one of the comfy padded beds in a less crowded pool.  Just a little tip for ya, just don't crowd the pool too much for me:)If I weren't able to choose between the million other options in the Strip I'd most definitely go with the Aria again because, I gotta be honest, the pool area won me over above the rest!
4	This is a shout out to John at the valet for Aria.During my latest visit to Vegas, I didn't stay at Aria, but had relatives staying there.  Aria lost my rental car after they parked it.  Apparently (after the fact knowledge), they brought it out to the wrong valet.  I was annoyed and said to John that Aria should get my cab fare so I could pick up my cousin at the airport.  He said he'd pay out of his pocket; I declined but said I expected when I returned that he'd park it in front so that they couldn't lose it again.I returned and told the North Valet and told them John said to park it in front, which they did.  When I came back again the next day, I didn't ask for the same treatment.  I went to pick it up at and saw John randomly.  He said that when he came on shift, he saw my rental parked in the parking structure and moved it to the front.  Nice job, John!  Thanks for everything.
5	Aria. Middle of everything on The Strip. Beautiful.I booked Aria for my boyfriend's birthday weekend for 3 nights. It was just a basic deluxe room, and damn pretty for the bare minimum. We got a view of our neighbor, the Monte Carlo, and the pool. The interior of Aria is modern and classy, no cheesy gimmicks.Right next to Crystals, you can also go shopping for your designer brands.
2	I give the Aria 2 stars.  The relative newness and cleanliness is a plus, but it seemed kind of in the middle between the Four Seasons (classic and nice) and one of the big theme hotels on the strip (NY or Paris or whatever).  They have a gambling floor but it doesn't seem as big as some of the other hotels.  The Aria is connected to the Cosmopolitan and City Center which is nice, but the City Center shopping is kind of over the top.  Aria has a clean modern feel which I normally would like but for some reason it just didn't come together for me.  I think I like the MGM or the Four Seasons better for a non over the top theme place or maybe the Venetian for an over the top theme place.
3	Great location for our vacation (NY NY to watch Zumanity, walking distance to MGM for Craftsteak). Price was a bit expensive but we got a great deal (110 resort credit). The room accomodations were plush. Probably a top 3 comfortable bed (Shangri La in Manila and the W in Seattle top my list), automatic EVERYTHING... lights, TV, curtains, that are controled through an iPad like clock.My only gripe is that there is no priority to getting into Haze despite being a guest. I know most Vegas hotels will give you at least a separate line or priority entrance since you are a patron... pretty lame that they don't do this, especially considering that Haze is just ok in my book but at least worth checking out.Overall a good experience. Oh yeah, the tables also were great if you're gambling on a budget, as i noticed a lot of 10 dollar roulette and crap tables on a Friday.
5	sweet hotel.  room was very modern. the smell of this place is swanky.  id go back.
4	A nice, new hotel in a decent location.  Rooms were impressive with the state of the art one-touch all-purpose remote.  One remote controlled our entire room... blinds, temperature, lights, and t.v.  The bed was comfortable and the pillows were nice.  I think that the hotel is energy efficient because the shower water pressure could not be adjusted and the shower only got moderately hot, no other adjusting.  The water wall in the front was mesmerizing and impressive.The entire hotel casino and lobby smell strongly of vanilla cupcakes at all times, they must pump that smell through the air vents to cover up the smell of smoke.  If you have a sensitivity to smells, this would not be the place for you.The City Center is a nice shopping mall that consists solely of high-end stores.  If you're looking for high-end shopping, you'll love it here.Not my favorite place to stay in Vegas but most definitely not the worst.It's possible that I'll be back...
5	Stayed here on Fri-Sat for a girls' bday weekend in LV. Aria was amazing. We got bumped up to a higher room with a strip view (double score!) AND got two free buffet passes for Aria's buffet.Everything is automatic. Things are controlled with an electronic I-pad/phone type gadget so I had trouble with it, but anyone with a smartphone would have appreciated its versatility.Bathroom was great. It was huge, double-sinked and came with a shower and jacuzzi. Service was SO amazing throughout the hotel. We've had crappy service at other hotels before but every single person (from the valet to the business office staff to the front desk staff) were courteous, patient, and professional.Would definitely, definitely stay here again.
1	Bad hotel set up. Looong walk from parking to lobby ckin unless using valet. Ckin counter is small and unclear and so slow. Nice room with hi-tech technology but the air-conditioner blow right at the desk if you need to work and it cannot be adjust the air directiont. Also, don't touch or remove anything in the fridge $50 penalty even you not consume it. Everything here is charger. It is a casino. No coffee maker in the room either. Not impressed at all. Going anywhere is a mile walk changing elevator from one to another and take another walk to parking area. For sure will not return and not recommend to anyone.
5	We got a great deal for the 4th of July holiday. 5-night stay + airfare and car-rental only $580 per person from Expedia. Also came with two free tickets to Ka at MGM Grand, which is really a must-see show. Aria is a great place to stay in Vegas. It is located in City Center, which is within walking distance of all the top hotels on the strip. You have to walk a bit to places like The Venetian, but simply take the car and enjoy the air conditioning and tour of the strip. The rooms are really clean and comfortable with huge windows to get a unbelievable view of the strip. You can ask for a higher room when checking in (note: a good tip helps). The casino, pool, gym and restaurants are also amazing as expected for a 5-star hotel.
5	Worth every $ The staff was helpful & the hotel was clean/beautiful. They got me good seats to see O & when I got sick they sent medical staff to my room to see if I needed anything. They even called a couple days later to see if I needed an extended checkout time because I had been sick. I will NEVER stay @ another hotel in Vegas - Aria is the best by far. LoVe It!
5	Exceeded my expectations!First of all, thorough the entire strip, this is the nicest hotel! All the rooms are automated, the service is superb! Restaurants are to die for!Gambling does get a little expensive, with high buy ins, but there is Monte Carlo across the road with $5 minimum bets, or Bellagio with $10 minimum. Plus there is a shuttle which will take you to bellagio with ease!
4	I've been to Vegas about 8 times and I've stayed in a variety of hotels, from the Venetian, Paris, Bellagio, Bally's, Wynn, Caesar's Palace, Hilton, etc. I'd say that Aria is the most modern and sleek hotel. Maybe because it's one of the newer ones, but I will admit I like their ambiance. The location is great, it's right by City Center where all the shopping happens.  The buffet needs improvement but it's not too bad.Jean Phillipe's restaurant has delicious foods and pastries, but their logistics on how the lines work should be changed, we waited forever for a few croissant sandwiches. Their pools are pretty cool, there's the family end and the Liquid Lounge area for the 21+ who wants to party in the sun and drink all day. All casinos spray these fragrant air into the room to get people to want to gamble, I'd say I like the fragrance Aria chose, whatever it is. Their busy carpets are also suppose to get people to keep their eyes up on the slot machines to gamble, which didn't work for me. I'm glad to say that Aria's busy carpet isn't as gaudy as some of the other casinos. Most Vegas hotels are now trying to cater more to kids, i took my daughter here and they were very accommodating. In fact, Christina Milian was there with her daughter Violet at the pool, so obviously kids are more than welcome here.
5	Beautiful, modern, new, and LEED Gold Certified. Literally public artworks throughout the hotel complex. You control everything from your curtains to your alarm through a touchscreen device. I have stayed in several suites in Vegas, and this was by far the best. Furthermore, the only time I have been in a better hotel room was when I was upgraded to a penthouse at the Belagio!
5	From the moment we entered the fabulous doors, entered the perfectly air conditioned, and might I add wonderfully smelling lobby I knew this was the new spot. We were checked in right away. Given a complimentary upgrade (due to our 1yr wedding anni) and room would be ready by noon. We checked out the property and found an extensive casino (hell to the yes- lots o slots), Jean Phillipe Patisserie where you can oogle at his world famous creations and even purchase some of them! Noon came and our room was ready. 37th floor and witha  strip view!!! Hello??? Amaze! It was clean. It was modern. It was superb. The bed was like a magic carpet I couldnt wait to ride into my dreamland. Wait there is more...the room is completly automated and ran by one touch of a button by a bedside monitor!!! My husband was in love with the "Goodnight" button. Shades close. Lights off. And to dreamland we were off!!! Oh, and about 30 min into us getting into our room... room service rings our door- the hotel sent up complimentary chocolate dipped strawberries congratulating us on our wedding anniversary!!! The cherry on top of the already awesome sundae. The pools. There were 4. 3 pools for everyone and one Liquid pool. Liquid is a pool you would typically see being used on The Real World. Not our thing. Service at the pool was perfect and our drinks came with a quickness. I recommend the berry basil mojito! All in all. The perfect vegas hotel. In my opinion it really cannot get any better. Oh wait it does- there is a tram that takes you to the crystals mall, monte carlo, and the bellagio...cha ching bonus points!
4	Gorgeous hotel and casino. I like how it feels new, and yet it doesn't feel "stuffy" I can still walk around in sweat pants and feel ok! It definitely has an Asian flair to it. There are a bunch of Asian restaurants and the entire design is just sleek and chic.One downside was probably user error on my part. The high tech rooms with crazy alarm clocks and remote controlled everything was a little frustrating! I accidentally hit the "good night" button and every light turns off, the TV turns off, and the shades automatically close. The pool was nice and relaxing. We did not go to the "hip" pool. We needed some quiet time if you know what I mean. Overall, I will stay here at this hotel again. Valet service was speedy!
2	Really not impressed.  The first time I visited, it was when City Centre just opened.  There were few people gambling, and the cavernous space made it look totally gloomy, and not even a bit auspicious. The second time, we stayed at the Mandarin Oriental, so, Aria became the home away from home, being one of the few walking distance casinos.  Still, wasn't impressed, although it was more crowded so didn't feel so gloomy.The third time, girlfriends wanted to stay here.  We had heard really good things about the hotel, so, why not.  Turns out the whole weekend people told us we overpaid for a hotel that quality.  Also, the controls for the curtains and lights were just not intuitive.  Every time I looked at the clock the tv would turn on (to try to wake us with soothing sounds)... ARGH!  And, to add to that, although I didn't have to deal with it, both check in and check out were extremely slow.  We were super late to brunch because of the checking out too.
5	Very nice modern hotel. Centrally located on the strip but not as busy as other nearby hotels. Perfect for people who likes to be close by everything but be able to escape the crowds if needed. Nice restaurants in the resort as well.... Don't miss Jean Philippe patisserie ....to die for!
4	When my friends suggested the Aria for a bachelor party weekend headquarters I was skeptical. I assumed the price and the ambiance would not be conducive to a wild Vegas weekend. Boy was I wrong. The suite was very affordable when divided among the people staying (which may have been over the recommended capacity) and well appointed much like a furnished flat. The view from the wraparound floor-to-ceiling windows was fantastic and the blackout curtains kept the eye melting post inebriation sunlight at bay. The wet bar area with refrigerator was a great touch and was well used from the time we arrived until the time we departed. Our hosts even provided our group with a bar kit for mixing. The pool area was what you would expect from a Vegas resort of this caliber: beautiful people and fruity drinks. There are multiple pools which always seem to be busy and restaurants adjacent so you don't have to get out of your bikini to have a snack.In the lobby I suggest getting a drink at the View Bar. As the name implies it is a great place to people watch, hang out and actually be able to have a conversation. My friends love the evening bartender Manny who mixes drinks using fresh fruits and ingredients.
4	Very nice Hotel and Casino. I came here when the CityCenter had just opened, and ended up getting lost because of how huge the whole complex is. I recently went back with my brother to go join a friend for some drinks. It has a very modern and sophisticated ambiance to it, and it even smells quite nice. I don't know if they have someone spraying some air freshener or something, but it's a great change from the cigarette smell of other casinos. Grabbing a drink in one of the bars and people watching is always interesting. The slots weren't too friendly with me though, so that's always a bummer haha.
4	The rooms here were overly "wired", as in everything was controlled by the same remote, which was good and bad - it would have been nice to easily just turn on a single light if you wanted to, without having to walk to wherever you left the remote.  The stay was extremely comfortable, it was probably one of the most comfortable beds I've ever stayed on, and the room was surprisingly quiet for only being on the 3rd floor.   I'm not sure why, but it seems everything in Vegas is not made to be efficient...as the the walk from the self park to the hotel area, probably takes a solid 10 mins walk...and then the walk from just your room to the elevator had to be well over 5 mins. The location is great, right in the middle of the strip, and if you're into high-end shopping, you dont have to wander too far from the hotel. Downside is they tack on a high resort fee to your nightly stay.
4	I've stayed here a few times and I really like the hotel. The rooms are very nice, the staff is friendly, I like the pool (and it is isn't crowded) and the spa/health club are excellent. We got massages on a Friday morning and it was great because you get to keep your locker all day so we were back and forth between the spa, the restaurant, the pool bar and the pool ll day (I recommend this). I don't love gambling here. I mean, it's fine, but I think the casino is a little dark and it's hard to find reasonably priced tables sometimes. But, the cocktail service is usually very good, the dealers are quite friendly and I recently discovered that you can redeem sports book tickets at the casino cashier when the sports book is not open (this is really fantastic). I don't really care for the layout of the sports book - it seems very cramped to me.I like the variety of restaurants at Aria and its close proximity to Bellagio and Monte Carlos (walk - don't take the tram). I will definitely stay here again.
3	rooms are decent, but the check in process is a disaster.  the lines aren't even that long, yet it takes 30 minutes to get your keys.once you get to the room, it's pretty cool that you can control the curtains from your bed. the beds are really comfy too.however, our toilet was making noises and flushing on its own the whole day.  the sliding bathroom door was also stuck, so i couldn't close it when showering.
2	This hotel has stunning facilities, and nearly brain dead employees.  The technology blows you away, the bed is the most comfortable I have ever slept in, the views from our 52nd floor room were stunning.  From the entry to the hotel, to the exit process after checkout, the service level was severely inferior.  Allow me to list a few of the issues encountered over a 2 night stay.If you come in via shuttle, no one greets you and takes you to your room.  Most hotels of this caliber INSIST a bellman show you to your room.  Not here, you are given a map and are on your own.  Thus, forced learning about the high level of technology on your own.  Daunting at first but eventually you get it.  No one in the hotel can intelligently explain it, either.Eventually our bags arrived separately, and this guy didn't know anything but how to carry a bag.When you arrive at your room, it has the normal key less entry, but it also include a number of electronic indicators for "Privacy" and "Service" on the outside.The housekeeping staff thinks the "Service Light" is ONLY to used make the bed in the morning.  That included the manager of housekeeping on the 52nd floor.  We allowed the service light to burn (without response) for 12 hours at a time, to refresh towels and other items used during mid day/evening showers.  We NEVER got them replaced, except during the morning bed making.  It was 114 degrees, so multiple showers daily, were mandatory.  The staff either ignored the light, or looked at the room, did nothing, and left the light on.Upon arrival all the lights didn't work in the room, and it took 2 trips by maintenance to rectify manual switches that over ride the computerized controls.  Apparently not on the housekeeping list.  We also had to call for soap, discovered after the need arose during a midday shower.Got charged for a "birthday comp" and probably wouldn't have caught it, if our room charges were more active the second day. BEWARE, the billings are very hard to understand and evaluate.The computer system that controls everything  crashed twice, causing the room to be "dead" and uncontrollable for 10 minutes at a time.  No lights, phones, movable drapes, nothing.The automated Check Out system also crashes.  We always saw long lines at check out and couldn't understand WHY the systems wasn't being used.  We couldn't check out via telephone, Internet or the in-room TV and tried for 50 minutes, almost missing our shuttle to the airport.  It took the bellman at the pickup point to finally get us checked us out, and I never received a detailed billing via email as promised.My wife was literally "run over" by the large gent seating us at the breakfast buffet, because he was too busy texting, while leading others to their table to notice her in his path.  No comment or apology, it was like she didn't exist.The food service staff in the buffet doesn't understand the need to clear dishes, glass plates from the table, or refilling fluids like coffee or water.  We finally had to "bus" our own table.The cocktail service in the bar is abysmal.  They are more concerned about clearing glasses from empty tables  (and there we a lot of empty tables), and replacing dead candles on them, then getting drinks to new customers.  From the time we sat don't until we received our CORRECTED drink orders was over 20 minutes.  I spoke to the beverage manager, and while he was polite, he was nonplussed by our comments.  You don't need to worry about getting drunk, the incredible wait between drinks will eliminate that fear.  We watched other tables and they had the same issues as us.  BTW, our own "dead candle" was finally replaced 50 minutes after our entry, during the servers 5th trip to our table, to give us the bill.  I think 2 Crown Royals for $46.08 (without tip) is a bit much.This is a wonderful property, marred by incredibly inept management and execution of services.  We've spent most of our travel in high end properties, and frankly if this one is rated 5 diamonds, its more because of the facilities, not the service...  I gave it 2 stars because of the same reason, it deserved only one.
3	Oh Aria, I had such high hopes for you.Maybe I'm spoiled, but if a few friends and I book a suite with a name (The Panoramic Suite), I would at least expect a kinda stocked kitchen? I found...one mug. Really? Not, like, a couple plates? There goes my idea to cook...I realize we got there a little earlier than check-in time, but, uhh, previous guest's stuff still being in the fridge when we get there is a little concerning. Thank you for giving us a credit to use to make up for it, but I dunno, I feel like for the money we paid, we could've gotten a room somewhere with a bathroom door handle that didn't spontaneously fall off.As for location, Aria's a pretty sweet deal. Right there in City Center, connected to the Crystals Mall and a hop, skip, and a jump from the Cosmo. But in the end, I guess for our age demographic, there are some other places more our speed.
5	First of all, amazing. Last time we were in Vegas (childless and with slightly more disposable income), we stayed at the MGM Grand (also good). But Aria is the newest kid on the block and has done an amazing job of putting itself out there. Cause when you're the new kid, that's what you gotta do. It's a super-modern hotel/resort/spa with every possible amenity. We were even given a reference to a fabulous hotel babysitting service which, although incredibly expensive, was also awesome and is reviewed separately on my profile. When I say Aria had it all, I mean it. Really modern furnishings, remote-controlled curtains, a mini-fridge stocked to the gills (look, don't touch), boxes of little exotic chocolates next to your bed, fabulous terrycloth robes and slippers, awesome toiletries, a ridic bathroom facility with a massive stand-up shower which shares the same space as a massive whirlpool tub, a stacked gym facility (like a real gym), like 50 outdoor pools, a decadent spa and no shortage of places to eat, drink, gamble and shop. To top it all off, we paid $80 (!!!) for the room for a night. I guess it's a massive hotel and so they are able to offer really affordable rates much of the time. So great. Definitely will stay here again. The only thing to be warned about is that they have a bit of a "fine print" resort fee, applicable on each booking, in the amount of $25 per room, per night. It's said to cover towels, etc. when you're at the pool....I dunno....seems like a way to make an extra $25 to me. Or just include it in the rate. But otherwise, totally awesome. Best of Vegas so far. AND the Aria Buffet should not be missed. I've never seen anything like it in my 30 years of buffet-ing. Just wear your buffet pants, if you know what I'm sayin',
3	I stayed here for weekend in Vegas and over all had a good experience. When I first entered my room, I was impressed with the powered curtains and the modern furnishings. I also fell in love with the bed with its big fluffy pillows... it is absolutely the most comfortable bed that I have ever slept on.However, I did not like how we did not have a fridge to use to store drinks as the mini bar items were charged by weight and there was also a charge to store items in the fridge.I also had higher expectations on some of the bathroom amenities since this was a nicer hotel.   I was expecting good quality  shampoos and conditioners (especially since I didn't bring my own). The shampoo was gross and definitely did not clean my hair, so I would recommend bringing your own travel size one.The location of the hotel was okay, although it is on the centre of the strip, you literally have to walk 15 minutes to get anywhere (even across the street). There is also no cheap food options around here at all.The hotel lobby offered complimentary water bottles which was an nice touch. I also had a chance to visit the spa and it was nice, with a salt room, suana, steam room, hot tubs, hot stone room. All the staff were very friendly at Aria, and always made an effort to stop and say hello.
5	I recently stayed here for the first time (I normally stay at the venitain) from check it with Tameka the whole process took less than 5 min and was very effective will all the nessasery hotel information the concierge Ben and Darcy were also extremely helpful with planing are dinning and outside activities, upon entering the room me and my girlfriend noticed how clean it was and the convince of the remote controlling all room functions the room services and food was 5star plus and the staff from check out to check in was up to par with any 5 star hotel ive stayed at! Liquid-Pool my girlfriend and I went to Liquid Thursday morning after recieving 2VIP passes from the concierge (Ben & Darcy) we let the VIP host Mike know we were Guest of the Hotel and he took care of us by getting us a great location and checking up to mark sure we were happy with are server & assistant , a true professional Last day at the Aria we checked out and James (Asain with the IPad) was able to check us out with out making us wait in-line a feature I have never had at other 5-star hotels I have stayed at (Thanks)We then proceeded to the busnuiess center (2nd Floor next to Elvis show) the staff was extremely helpfull and knowledgable we got are boarding passes and they even called the bell hops to get are luggage curbside by the time we were there Thanks For A Great Stay Look Forward to coming back soon
2	Well, our stay got off to a rocky start - the check-in process was abysmal.  Completely understaffed with unreasonably long wait times.  The staff was pleasant enough though.The room was impressive upon entering - spacious and posh.  High point: the bed is amazingly comfortable.  The mechanical sliding curtains are great, but you'd think they could figure out a way to have the curtain open all the way so that 3 feet of your view isn't blocked.  Low points: bedside phone wasn't working.  The lighting is terrible - the "reading" light (it is labeled as such) is so dim as to cause eye strain if you actually try to read by it.  I called housekeeping to request a sleep mask - not offered.  A 5-star hotel can't provide a sleep mask? OK. It was impossible to find a convenient outlet in the room - the only ones provided are inconveniently located at the desk. The shower had almost no water pressure.  I wasn't going to mention the crapy shampoo/ conditioner but I just read another reviewers comments on this and I completely agree - my hair felt dirtier after using this stuff.  Room service took 15 minutes to answer the phone, and had an hour wait time.  Yes, I realize Saturday night may be the hotel's busiest night, but they should anticipate this and staff accordingly.  The apple pie I ordered was a joke - instead a a nice slice of pie, they delivered this little individual tarlette thing that  was just disappointing.  We also tried The Buffet restaurant in the hotel.  The food was so globally bad (one of the two lobsters they delivered to the table was completely empty - no meat; we overheard the table next to us call the manager over to complain about the same thing; shrimp underseasoned, lamb was like rubber, fish overcooked, corn drenched in butter, prime rib flavorless) that we didn't even bother to talk to the manager about it.Overall, a very disappointing experience.  This is NOT A FIVE STAR HOTEL.
3	Aria is a very nice looking hotel, but I don't think it's one of my top favorites. It's trendy, chic, and modern like it should be. Unfortunately, I just find more cons for this particular hotel than others I've been to on the strip (i.e. Cosmo, Palazzo, Encore, Wynn). I've stayed here once before in a standard room and didn't find it to be as spacious as other rooms at other hotels on the strip. There wasn't a separate lounge area to hang out in like the newer hotels tend to do nowadays. Not only that but if you want to get out of Aria and CityCenter, it takes freakin forever to walk out of there. You have to walk out of the casino, up some stairs, up an escalator, through the mall... it's a pain in the @$$ especially in 4 inch heels. On this past trip, my friends and I wanted to go to Earl of Sandwich which is across the way at PH. I swear it took us forever to get there because we had to walk through everything. Their nightlife is lacking too since I don't think Haze is all that. The club is small, there isn't an open air area, and there's creepy dudes... I can't really hold that last part against them though because creepy dudes are at every club. All in all, Aria is nice... nice enough to be a top hotel in Vegas, but there's something missing to its' atmosphere. I don't know what it is, but I would rather stay at the other hotels I mentioned before.
5	my girlfriends just invited me to vegas   for a bachlorette party.   they had suites at aria hotel.   IT WS SO AMAZING.  FROM THE ELECTRIC CURTAINS  TO THE BEAUTIFUL DECOR   NOTHING SHORT OF AMAZING.   THE NICEST SUITE WE'VE EVER SEEN!   we were treated like queens from the second we got picked up at the airport  to check in till the time we left.   WORTH EVERY PENNY!   we will be back!    we 're not gamblers but the casino was very nice.too!debi
5	I just completed my 4th stay at Aria and it's still the only place I'd stay in the LV.Room:  When you're tired of the over the top tacky-ass-ness that is Las Vegas it's nice to come home to a hotel room that would hold its own in New York City.  The decor is simple and clean with muted colors that radiate calm.  The (occasionally buggy) bedside room control board is great for push-button light and curtain control when you feel like being a lazy bastard.  The bed here is heaven.Casino:  Even the casino at Aria is an oasis in the neon desert.  The clean lines and earthy color palette can be found here as well.  The casino floor is ringed by several restaurants and bars -- all with a unique and modern aesthetic.Parking:  Valet service is prompt and the most pleasant I've experienced in Vegas (and free as usual).  This most recent trip I did try out the self-parking once and I'd say that the few bucks you save not tipping the valet is not worth the extra walk.  If you're valet-averse its really not that bad, but I wouldn't recommend it if you're just checking in as its completely on the other side of the hotel from the front desk and you'd have to drag all your crap through the entire length of the casino.Food:  The Buffet is probably my favorite buffet ever.  As a vegetarian usually I get mostly shafted, but here I'm able to make several trips and come back with a differently themed plate consisting of a few different dishes.  The dessert station here is devilish.  I've also eaten at one of the restaurants in the casino which was delicious though it was a couple years ago now so I don't recall which one.Overall the quality of the hotel has held up very well over the course of my four visits and Aria continues to be my Vegas go-to.Tip #1: Sign up for their e-mail list -- they have some great specials all the time with great rates and sometimes including resort credits to be used in the restaurants.Tip #2: Be prepared for the $25 resort fee (plus tax).
2	We had such high hopes for the Aria.  It started off badly with a nearly 30 minute wait for the check in. I suppose it's not completely the fault of the Aria, but it certainly colored our experience from the get go. We were suppose to get a hundred dollar dining credit which we didn't get.  So strike two before we ever get into the room. The much talked about welcome to the room where the curtains open didn't happen instead we fumbled around for the light switch for a minute and spent another minute trying to open the curtains, for some reason the "open curtains" button didn't want to work on the first few attempts. The room is not bad looking. Rather modern looking with floor to ceiling windows and the control panel for the room is kind of cool once you get the handle of it, even though it's not very responsive to touch.In room is a pressure sensitive minibar making so you  can't use the fridge unless you pay a ridiculous 50 dollar "restocking fee". The room offers separate shampoo, conditioner, body wash, and body lotion which is nice. The water pressure is not too great but its manageable. I liked the separate bath and shower. The tub is a decent size but not a jacuzzi tub. We stayed for three nights and only had the room serviced once even though we had the "service" light on from 10 am to 11 pm. So we had no clean towels for our last day. We had breakfast at Jean Philipe bakery, which was nice, but we were over charged.  This happens and I understand that, but when I asked for the difference back one lady grabbed my ticket and left for 5 minutes, then another lady came back looked at me then left, then 5 minutes later came back with someone who I assume is the manager. Neither one of them looked at me or said a single word to me. After a few minutes of playing with the register they put the difference on the counter and leave. No "sorry for the mistake" "I apologize" or "fuck you".  That really shows me a lack of service at a place revolves around service.The moral of the story is that there are other hotels in Vegas that are just as nice and nicer for comparable prices and amenities why would I ever stay here again?
3	The good: 1. Bed and pillows are heavenly...probably the most comfortable I've ever slept on and I used to be a Starwood road warrior consultant. Hands down the best sleep I've had in my 20+ visits to Vegas.2. Very modern and clean room with remote controlled shades and lighting (although it could be confusing for some).3. Lotion and body wash smells great.4. Interesting dining choices, some of which are open late.The bad:1. $17 bloody mary (normal glass sized); beers $10.2. Water pressure is weak.3. Lines for check-in were a solid 30 mins.4. The bars/club choices are limited.5. Maid service didn't make it to our room before 2pm on any of the three days we were there even though we left for the pool by 9am and turned our "service please" light on when we left.The eh, whatever:1.  Tub is in the shower stall.2. The pools aren't very exciting; if you're looking for quiet with no people watching, this is your place.I'm only giving it three stars because it doesn't live up to the price for a vacation hotel. If you're in Vegas for work and just want a great place to sleep, it's perfect.
4	ARIA Resort & Casino is an outstanding Vegas hotel in terms of room, grounds and staff (pics uploaded)Enormous in size, and can be considerable walk to your room.The hotel itself is bigger x2 than you can imagine.Pool area is exceptional (pics uploaded). My favorite area when not working or losing money in the casino :) .Tip:  ask for higher floor for great views of the city.Alert:  As other reviewers have noted, both meal and drink prices are excessively high...think NY City prices and greater. The room rate may be reasonable, but nothing else is. Otherwise, this would be a five star review.Even taxis are relatively expensive in this city.
3	Really liked the techy rooms, but they are small. Bathroom is big and lovely, though. Service was good overall, but not 5star. Be careful, they will nickel and dime you for all add on features. We asked for a fridge but got the daily fee waived. Pools were ok. It rained one morning, and they didn't open the third pool, thus the two open, became impossibly crowded. There was lots of trash, and not much effort to clean up. Value was 5 star though, as we booked a good price. Loved the central location. The train is really useless, though. You walk so far to use it, you are better off walking straight to the fronts of the Monte Carlo and Bellagio hotels. Would stay somewhere else next time.
5	Nobody falls in love in Vegas. Nobody. It's Sin City. People fall in lust. However, I can gladly say, I broke that mold. I fell in love in Vegas. It was not even close to being lust. I fell in deep, passionate, blissful love... with Aria.As I entered the resort, the familiar smell of vanilla AKA baby prostitute brought back memories of my Vegas 2010 trip. Although the smell is still far from ever winning me over, the amazing memories I built at Aria from my last trip will always be engraved within my nostalgic brain. However, this time around I knew my Vegas 2012 trip would triumph all. My friends and I booked the 2 bedroom penthouse for the weekend so we already knew our Vegas trip would be going down in history.Although I missed the accommodated limo ride to and from the airport (my flight was later than my party), I was still able to enjoy the luxurious amenities Aria offered throughout the weekend. For starters, the Aria Suites & Villas stayers had a separate area for check-in and elevators aside from the rest of the hotel. This lavish secluded area had a lounge that provided a seating area as well as complimentary food and beverages consisting of chocolate covered strawberries, a variety of cheeses, perfectly crafted scones, decadent chocolate chip cookies, red and white wines, bottles of Fiji water, Sprite, Coke, Orange juice and so forth. The lounge was always stocked despite our 14 people party depleting the stash a majority of the time. The staff was always alert and catered to whatever it is we wanted, including our request for 12 towels in the room. As for our two bedroom penthouse. HOLY MOLY. It was the most gorgeous of all gorgeous sights. Two bedrooms; each stocked with a walk in closet, king sized beds, 100% Egyptian cotton sheets, mattresses feeling like your back is resting on heaven, 52" LCD HD TVs... one in every, single, room, including the bathrooms, which by the way there's three of them. Each bedroom has it's own bathroom with a bath whirlpool tub, granite sink countertops and vanities, private shower AKA "private water closet," and a toilet that has an electronic bidet that cleans every crease and crevice of your frontal and back private parts. A wet bar, dining room, living room, bedside touchscreen technology to open curtains, turn on television, do all that handy stuff without having to get up from your comfy ass bed, space on space on space, holy crap my heart is beating rapidly because the very thought of explaining our penthouse makes me fall in love all over again.Aside from all the hotel amenities, I absolutely loved how Aria was conveniently located close to everywhere we wanted to go. Also the entire resort was just so pleasing to the eyes. In my last review I might've stated that "Perhaps on my next visit to Vegas I just might reconsider staying at Aria again," I would like to take that statement back and say with confidence that I will always want to stay in Aria's penthouses every time I visit Vegas.
5	Gotta be one of the nicest and fanciest rooms I've stayed in in a very long time.  The bed was so comfortable I ended up hitting the snooze button multiple times just so I could rest longer... not sure if that was a good thing or a bad thing
4	Aria is bigger, better, and bolder than you think.  * Hotel * Check-in was more painful and slow than expected, but the room was clean and modern. The view from the full-length windows was like many in the nearly 4000 guestrooms: clear and of the next hotel and the freeway. You didn't come for the view, so, enjoy the comfy bed and nice amenities in the bathroom before hitting the strip again.* Restaurants *With more than 10 places to eat, Aria really offers something for just about everyone. I love the Jean Philippe Patisserie for pastries, croissants, and crepes. Lemongrass is Asian-Thai Fusion when you need it while Barmasa is a bit overpriced Japanese, yet fine. Of course, The Buffet (as it is called) is the buffet and should fill you for one day.* Activities *Viva Elvis was an ok Vegas show, but not a very good Cirque du Soleil show. I'm looking forward to its replacement in November with another Cirque show called Zarkana. Haze Nightclub is only open Thursday - Saturday. It may not be the best of the best (ok, it isn't), but it was still fun for one night. For shopping, have fun "looking" at the expensive merchandise at the upscale name brands in City Center. The casino isn't nearly as large as you'd think, so, it still has a small casino feel to it. After you lose your cash, use your credit card to pay for a visit to the Spa or get a Cabana at the Pool.Aria Hotel & Casino is a "nice" hotel to stay just a little back from the Strip. If you can't afford a 5-star Vegas hotel and aren't comped at one of the other Strip Theme Hotels, then Aria is a charming choice for a couple days.
5	Exquisite and Beautiful hotel! We have been to Vegas many times, but our most recent stay at this hotel was phenomenal! The staff was very professional and eager to assist. The rooms are very spacious and modern- the room touch control was such fun! We will definitely stay here again!
4	51st floor room view was amazing!  Floor to ceiling windows overlooking the strip.  It was my sister's birthday and wedding anniversary.  They sent up a small plate of chocolate dipped strawberries and desserts with a card.  Nice touch.
4	I stayed at this resort on July 3nd - 5th. I arrived 1:00 am, check in was smooth and quick. Room was high tech - I can control the whole room with the touch of a button. Even on the 4th floor, the view was fantastic; I can see Vadra, north end of Bellego, and the Comso right from my hotel room. Dang no coffee in room however the coffee shop "John Felipe" does make Starbucks sound like a rip off. Casino smells beautiful. Buffet was okay; so far I perfer the Wynn buffett, more selectons of super high quality foods. Pool was a paradise especally on a 80+ degree days. The only down side is resort fees is $25 per night plus tax; then again even low end hotels like Circus Circus has resort fees so with that in mind you cant go worng in this joint. Overall if the room price is reasonable I will be more then happy to stay here again.
2	I have to go to Las Vegas for a work convention once a year.  In the past we've stayed at the Venetian, but this year it was at the Aria.  We got to the hotel at 1:30, clerk said our room wasn't ready but to check back at 3pm which was actually check-in time. Went to Todd English's pub and paid $30.00  for a pitcher of some watered-down sangria.  Unless you go at happy hour, expect to pay $9.00 for a budweiser!!  Stood back in line at 2:45 until 4:30.  Our room was finally ready. Our view was overlooking a rooftop and the side of the Cosmopolitan, no mountains or strip whatsoever, boo hiss. Ok, can't complain too much since the room was paid for by the company.  We called down to have our bags brought up and was on hold for a good 10 min before we got to speak to someone.  Got the bags up quick, and the guy was super nice (we were on the 4th floor). Found out the TV didn't work.  Again called to try and get help was on hold for another 10 min.  They said that a tech could come up to fix it, I asked if we could just switch rooms.  No way, the hotel was OVER booked??  By this time,  we all needed a stiff cocktail.Also, we had horrible phone reception!! Had to stand in the bathroom to text!! (I have AT&T)There are so many better properties to choose from in Las Vegas...The Venetian/Palazzo, Caeser's, Paris, The Platinum and even TI!
4	Yes, its true it smells like freakin' vanilla when you walk in. Almost too much vanilla.I loved the Aria, my husband thought the $200/night rate (after taxes and resort fees and taxes ON the resort fee) was a lot of dinero that we could of spent on the craps table or slots. We've had some bad experiences with Valet at other places so we self parked. BAD IDEA!!! The check in was all the mother effen way across the hotel. I SWEAR! Just do yourself a favor and valet. It felt like an eternity. But awww, we FINALLY got to our room, which after an "invited guest" check in was still a long wait. So bring your patience. Those lines are outrageous. The room was gorgeous, the bed so soft tons of pillows and tons of neat little gadgets like the curtains opening for ya. Yes, the novelty wore off but it was fun. Wifi - was included in the $25 resort fee was spotty and could never connect. We used our 3G on our phones and iPad most of the trip. Food and drinks - no food court peeps. Want pizza after a long night out, guess what walk over to Monte Carlo. The Pool - fancy schmancy and nearly 50 bucks for 6 beers, of BUD LIGHT!  But they make these mojitos with berries, yummy and $24. That added up REAL quick.  We spent most of our day at the pool and I couldn't complain, my husband missed the Monte Carlo and their lazy river, go figure. And their cheaper beer prices. The best parts - Sage - great dinner, the not having to leave the complex, want cheap tables take the bridge over to Monte Carlo. Want to go to Bellagio like we did for O, take the tram FOR FREE.  The staff was friendly for the most part, constantly saying hello. At the pool though you swear it was hard to get a waitress. All in all I loved it here, but buckle up, everything IS pricier, from the beers, to the tables ($15 a hand at night). but your paying for the vanilla in the air and the modern look of the place. p.s. Their building a HUGE Javier's on the casino/1st floor. Wonder how expensive THAT'S gonna be!  Next time were going to Monte again and taking the bridge over to smell the vanilla.
4	I enjoyed this place. Nice rooms, comfy bed and modern gadgets.
4	After being disappointed at the downslide of the service we were getting at Palms lately, we decided it was not worth the free room.  Plus their poker room sucked and there was almost never any games going.  We decided we'd need to pay out of pocket and get a room and find a new hotel.BEST DECISION EVER!!!Where to begin...  The hotel smells like Vanilla when you first walk in.  A bit overwhelming, but a nice change to being welcomed by cigarette smoke.  We got there early and they had no problems allowing us to check in and go to our room early.  They use to no line method when it's not busy.  They do this right.  It's not the free for all you find at other places.  They had a young lady with an iPad standing in front directing people and creating order where there would otherwise be chaos.  The clerks were on top of it.  They look up once they are done with a guest to find the next.  No waiting for acknowledgement that never comes.The room was very nice and pretty decently sized.  Everything had a control.  Lights/TV/Music/Curtains...  All at the tips of your fingers, either when you walk in, at the end of the short hallway, on the TV, on a bedside remote, or on the wall next to both sides of the bed.  Yes they make everything convenient.  The bed was soft, which I know isn't for everyone.The bathroom is nice and roomy.  They had a Japanese Soaking Tub next to the shower that I didn't get to use, but I will my next go around.  They have free Wi-Fi though out the hotel casino.  You don't have to be a guest to connect either.  If you are idle for a period of time, you will be timed off their Wi-Fi.  Inconvenient yes, but I understand why they do it, so no problems.  Just reconnect and you are good to go.Now we did register for the poker rate, so you do have to go to the Poker Room Manager sometime before you check out to have them adjust the rate for you if you want to do video check out.  Unfortunately for us, through some snafu the rate was not adjusted, so we had to check out at the lobby.  When we got to the clerk, it was a quick phone call to the poker room and our rate was adjusted.Back to the long line.  It was 10:30AM on Sunday, so this is to be expected, but this line moved quick.  They were almost fully staffed so there was a nice flow.  The lady with the iPad was there again, helping the flow and preventing line cutting.  I realized she is here so that people can ask questions and not cut the line or wait in line to ask a clerk.  I'm sure she can make dinner reservations for you, if you asked...  I'll try next time.
3	I want to talk about vomit bags and credit card holds. But first, I'll say 8pm is a ridiculously early gym and pool closing time, when you require people pay for it in a $28 per day fee for services at the hotel. The internet connection that is free might as well be non-existent. We were there for a computer conference and it was embarrassing to not have our internet working.Now, onto vomit bags. On three separate occasions in the evening, we saw women in nice clothing being wheeled into elevators by staff holding her head and pushing her. She was clearly over intoxicated. So what did they do? They found a red and slightly black bag, about the size of a whole foods bag, and they covered her head with it. That way when she got sick there would be a bag over her head and she wouldn't throw up anywhere. Please, please, use a back elevator for this instead of the main drag? Second, I saw one on the way out on a stretcher. They used that same silly bag to put over her head. She was dressed to kill, on a stretcher with a vomit bag over her head. This dramatically takes away from the 4-star ambiance they are aiming for.Now, I appreciate that the hotel needs a line of credit hold on your card to make sure you don't run up a bill. However, they put three holds on my card, $172, $933, and $344, curtailing my credit line. The piece of paper I signed when entering was for a $500 hold. They are in breach of contract, and days after leaving, the pending authorizations are still not off. This is simply unacceptable. Accounting told me we owe $112. Holding 10 times that out of my credit line is a "do not return signal for me."Getting a cab here is a little easier than other places. And they have pigeon benches (really). And they are central. But don't take things out of your minibar to cool off something of your own - they will charge you a $50 rearranging fee. Unless you want to rent a fridge for like $30 from them. This is unacceptable for a 4-star aspiring place.Wynn, Hard Rock, Cosmo, Caesars are all better in my opinion.
3	We just returned from a very disappointing visit to Aria Hotel and Resort in Las Vegas. I have a question of any Aria employee that might read this... What the heck are you folks, that run this hotel thinking anyway? We were invited guests, meaning we gamble too much. I just don't get it, why would a hotel this beautiful, amazing, wonderful, soothing and not to mention WAY expensive, allow such shoddy service in the housekeeping department and in the room of an invited guest to boot? Our first room, among other things had a dirty q-tip on the floor in the bathroom when we checked in and it was still there two days later, when we checked out. After trying to figure out why we couldn't get the room to cool down I discovered the A/C filter was so filthy and caked with dirt that the air couldn't circulate so I called the front desk to ask if they could change the filter, which by the way, after it was changed the A/C worked like magic. I would think from a energy cost savings perspective they would watch that sort of thing. The next day we had to call housekeeping to reqested they clean the room 5 hours after having the "service requested" light on in the middle of the day. After two days of more gambling we "achieved" Platinum status (no judgements please about the gambling) and we were upgraded to a beautiful corner suite on the 51st floor. Now this was one amazing room, views up and down the strip in all directions. But housekeeping in the suite was actually worse if you can imagine that. Now I know it's not one disgruntled employee, it is the staff of this hotel that needs a kick in the pants.A bobby pin was on the living room floor in plain sight when we checked in and a dust bunny was on the floor in the bathroom, and you guessed it, they were both still there three days later when we checked out. So they must not own a vaccuum cleaner. On the second day, we left the room at 10AM, turned the service light on and didn't return until 4:30PM. Yep you guessed it, the room was just as we left it. Also part of the platinum service was supposed to be turn down service, with the cute little chocolates on the bed. The first day of course that didn't happen but whatever, maybe we weren't out of the room during that time or the privacy light was on, no big deal. Day two...full disclosure here, I like the little things like turn down service in a fancy hotel...I made sure the service light was on and that we were out of the room during the time to clean it but I had to call again at 3:00PM to ask when that would happen, "right away" I was told so I left again while they cleaned the room. I came back to a clean room with 1/2 the towels as before, so I guess they ran out of towels so they only took the used ones but left no knew ones, whatever. I spent some time in the room and left again around 6:30 for dinner. Left the service light on and expected to have the bed turned down and a nice little treat when we can back at 9:00PM.... I bet you know where this is going, you're right, it was just as we left it. I called housekeeping again and asked when turn down service is performed and I was told between 6:00PM and 11:00PM. I said great I am leaving, you can come anytime, I'll be gone at least a couple of hours. I came back at Midnight and the room was once again, just as we left it. In a  hotel where a hot dog is $15.00 and a basic breakfast in the "cafe" is $25 (it has the feel of a cafeterria by the way, with poor lighting to enhance that feeling), this sort of stuff will doom this hotel. I am the first one to sign the praises of a job well done but I am not afraid to point out failings either. This hotel is already sort of out of the way even though it's on the strip but it sort of now has the feeling of trying too hard to be snooty or "upscale" but they are failing at the little easy stuff. They are NOT ready for the big time for sure. This is our second time at this hotel, the first was great, but this sort of stuff is a sign of internal struggles to me. Maybe it's poor managment or some sort of inflated self image that does not square with reality, whatever the problem is, fix it or I will  not be the only one writing bad reviews. Excuse me, I guess that is already the case.  Look, I work hard for my money, and I think everyone deserves a decent living wage when they work, I would not want to spend my life cleaning rooms because I know it is very hard work but if I was going to clean rooms, damn it they would perfect when I left.... and I tip. I tip a maid everyday in every hotel room I stay in, sure occasionally I have forgotten but it is never intentional and I never forgot in this hotel, until I checked out, then it was intentional. So please chime in everyone, is $10 a day too little, is that the problem, or is this an example of a hotel that doesn't care, or is trying to be something without a vision of what it takes to be that?
4	Awesome experience at the Aria!! Look out for the 45 minute wait to check in. Other than that, it was an excellent hotel experience. Booked on Hotwire but would have gladly paid triple for the type of service and amenities we received.
2	My dad reserved this place through Priceline. I guess we got what we paid for. If you're looking for a place to stay in Vegas, I suggest staying at one of the more well established hotels. Aria is relatively new with it's doors opening in 2009. Everything about Aria is new. Aria is comparable to a tract home: no character. And you have to walk pretty far to get to the center of the action. I think Aria had poor planning to it with regards to the developers. If I were to return to Vegas, I would not stay here again. Blehh.Pro:- Clean- Lots of poolsCons:- No character- Strong, headache inducing, perfume smell throughout the casino floor- Far from the action
5	Aria Resort and Casino July 29 to August 3, 2012.My wife and I booked a package of flight and hotel for our 20th anniversary.  The hotel choice we made was the Aria.  It is my intent to provide a review of our experience including all aspects of the hotel.  I had chosen the hotel after viewing a handicapped suite last year.  While we did not need a handicapped room this trip it should be noted that this hotel has the best handicapped room I have ever seen.  It has a lift that will transport a handicapped person from the bed to the bath, shower, toilet and sink area.  Now back to our experience.  In preparation for our trip I spent a number of hours on the phone and the internet trying to find affordable show tickets.  After many failed attempts I thought I would phone the hotel concierge and see if they could assist.  Rayvnn the concierge was exceptionally helpful.  She assisted me with booking LOVE and "O" tickets and the seats we better and cheaper that I could find online.  I was so happy that I sent a letter of compliment to her supervisor, Nancy.  Nancy also was very helpful and offered to assist in anyway.  I had read online that often when you check in late you end up with the worst rooms.  Being our anniversary I was hoping for everything to be right.  Nancy assisted by put a note on our file with the front desk.  We arrived after 10PM and the check in line was very long.  We were surprised at how fast it moved.  To our pleasure and surprise we were upgraded to a corner suite.  The room was 920 sq ft. and was fantastic.  The view was west toward the Rio.  I can only imagine how fantastic the corner strip view room would be.  The room had a very comfortable king bed.  The only complaint here is we could have used a few more pillows.  The ensuite was great and the Toto toilet should not be underestimated.  I was a little skeptical about a butt washing toilet.  I now want one in my home....it is worth staying at the hotel alone.  Every night we were treated to a turn down service with very nice boxes of chocolates and cards with nice statements.  The room is fully automated and is very easy to figure out.  Some rooms have connection ports for HDMI, RCA etc.  Our room was not equipped, when I phoned the front desk the offered to have one put in.  Again spectacular service.  We ended up at many different hotels and the common observation was that they were a zoo.  The Aria is very classy and is not over crowded.  It is designed with people flow and security of the guests.  The pool area is fantastic also.  For kids the Mandalay bay has a better pool.  The Aria pool has three large pools and hot pools.  The casino is spacious and has a good selection of machines with all the new ones and many old favorites.  The drinks are a good size compared to other hotels and the staff if efficient and friendly.  Check out was smooth.  Our comps were to provide us with some free meals.  The mlife card showed a dollar amount that did not match the food.  The front desk lady immediately solved the problem.  Again...GREAT service!!Ravynn and Nancy at the concierge started the experience in a professional and fantastic manner and the rest of the staff at the hotel followed up in the same manner.  Every staff member we passed in the hallways took the time to say hello.I have already recommended this as my favorite hotel in Vegas to many friends.  I would be hard pressed to ever stay anywhere else in Vegas.  If you want a beautiful new hotel with fantastic service look no further.....Tell them Derek sent you.....
4	First off, it's a beautiful and modern hotel.  The rooms are beautiful, but their remote control system for the TV, lights, and window curtains - not user friendly.  I'm in IT and I had to take my time to figure it out.  All I could think of is that if my parents were there - they would be hating that thing.  I do have to say, I do love the "goodnight" button on the wall.  Push that, the lights dim out and the curtains close on their own.  Lovely.In the casino, it's your typical Vegas casino with the slots and tables games as far as the eye can see.  Some really cool casino floor bars as well.  What I really didn't like is that it was HOT!  Where's the A/C???  And also, as a non-smoker, I smelled smoke everywhere.  Very poor ventilation system.  I was at a slot machine and the smoke scent was so strong, as if someone were right next to me, but there was no one in my whole area (this was late at night).On the whole, beautiful hotel.  A little too dark for me.  Needs some tweaking to the air system.  Would I stay there again.  Yes, but only with a really good offer.  I prefer some of the other hotels on the strip.
5	Aria Hotel & Casino in City Center on the strip is one of the top high end places in a city with a numerous options as far as high end accommodations.  I would highly recommend staying at the Sky Suites if it is in your budget range.  We had two rooms, the 2 bedroom penthouse in Sky Suites, and a standard room in Aria.  The penthouse suite was undoubtedly one of the nicest, most luxurious rooms I've ever stayed in.  Full bar, living room, dining area, etc.  It's all first class the whole way.  The concierge for Sky Suites are also extremely valuable.  They fielded our calls 24/7, set my reservations, called maintenance, etc.  It's a huge upgrade over the normal cattle calls that take place when checking into a standard Vegas hotel.  Overall I would highly recommend the Aria and Sky Suites in particular.
3	The girlfriend and I chose to stay and play at Aria Resort & Casino on our recent trip to Vegas.  We had been to Aria on a previous Vegas trip to eat at Sage and do a little gambling, but had not stayed there.  Our flight got into Vegas at 11pm on a Sunday night, so we didn't get to Aria until after midnight.  At least 6 stations at the check-in counter were manned and line to check-in was over twenty deep with guests waiting to get into their rooms.  Despite a little wait, check-in went smoothly and we got into our room by 1am.  Hands down, Aria has the most high-tech rooms that I've stayed in Vegas.  Upon opening the door, the room lights came on and the curtains over the floor to ceiling windows opened.  Most, if not all, essential room functions to include turning on/off lights, opening/closing the curtains, setting a wake-up alarm, and controlling the HD flat panel were controlled by a master control next to the bed.  Speaking of which, the bed and linens were among the most comfortable I've experienced in any hotel affording a very good night's sleep...what little sleep I got while in Vegas.  The one glaring negative about our stay at Aria was the gaming.  I play blackjack and craps; however, I wasn't feeling very excited about the blackjack and crap options at Aria.  Throughout our entire stay, the table minimums for blackjack and craps remained at $50 and $15, respectively.  Really?  Even mid-week, mid-day?  I'd hate to see what the minimums are on the weekend!  Aria did have some $25 blackjack tables, but they used the continuous shuffle machines rather than a multi-deck shoe.  I don't play that way.  Aria had the highest table minimums of any of the casinos we visited on the Strip to include the Bellagio, Venetian, Palazzo, and the Cosmopolitan.  No wonder the tables were always empty! So, upon final review, Aria Resort & Casino is a fine place to stay especially if you can get a discounted room rate, and a good place to dine, but for your recreational, regular joe gambler, play somewhere else.
2	My review is for my time spent specifically in the convention center. It was clean, the staff was very helpful the entire time. I enjoyed the little things like lotion and mouthwash in the bathrooms. My on,y complaint is that it seemed like so many people got sick from the food and different times over the 8 days there. The girl sitting next to me actually cut into a pink piece of chicken one of the days! By the end of my time there all we trusted was the bread. There definitely needs to be some kind of review done of the kitchens back there.
4	We like the hotel. We like the modern design. It's clean and the in-room dining food are tasty. The Buffet is pretty good as well.
5	Great hotel.very modern. For those who fear the distance to the strip there is a route through Crystals that leads right to it. It's a great location on the strip. Very friendly staff. Like many have said the beds are very comfortable. Not as crowded as more touristy hotels which was great. May not be a great hotel for first time goers.
4	5 star hotel. Sick ass rooms and amazing bars. Pretty pricey for food and drinks but online sites have some good deals on rooms
5	I have stayed at dozens of Las Vegas hotels since 1981 and Aria is the best I have ever been to. The hotel rooms are first class and equipped with extensive amenities. The casino is well designed and avoids the confusion created by other properties. The Aria Convention Center facilities are best in class and located within stunning architectural design. This is the home of AutoCon 2012, an auto industry conference.
2	Atmosphere was ok.  Service all around was pretty sad.  Rooms were average.  Overall disappointed in the hotel.
3	The room was nice enough, but really needs to be cleaned better. There were hand prints on the window, some kind of splatter on the bathroom door, and the drain in the bath tub was broken. Also, housekeeping didn't make it to our room till around 4 or 5pm.  The bed is super plush, fluffy and soft. Which I liked. The pool area was alright. The water could be clearer.  The breakfast buffet was not very good.
2	Really, really good looking hotel. Besides that, I would not make this my regular go-to spot in Vegas.We were staying in a smoking room and I felt that the attention to detail may have been lacking just because of that factor. The headboard, while pretty, was covered in dust which created a cloud as soon as we hopped into bed. The corners of carpet by the nightstand needed a vacuum.  The glass doors of the toilet enclosure didn't align property so going to the loo was announced with a loud Klang every time. But the bed was comfy and the housecoats were a treat to wear.Getting food and drinks in the hotel was pretty pricy, even Skybar which is the burger bar type thing was a little on the high side. DO NOT buy drinks at the pool bar, bring your own from elsewhere as the margaritas we bought were $19 EACH. Ouch. Do not bother with the hotel buffet either. It was certainly not the culinary highlight of the weekend. Most items were odd, soggy, and cold. If I had been hung-over, I would have felt really gross afterwards. Lastly, whatever you do, DO NOT MOVE ANYTHING IN THE MINIBAR. They have this ridiculous scammy fee that if you put anything of your own into the minibar, they charge you a $50 fee. I had put in a water bottle before my boyfriend noticed this, and even though everything had been put back, they still tried to charge us for the most expensive item in there, even though nothing had been consumed. We had to do the whole speak to the manager thing when we checked out, and while he did remove the fee, it was time consuming when we just wanted to get out and catch our flight. I got the impression that the whole M.O. was to nickel and dime and sneak in fees. Fine if you like arguing, but I don't and hate the dishonesty of the whole attitude. Location wise, it's also kinda tucked away from the strip. Fine if you want to stay exclusively at the hotel and casino, but if you want to get out and explore, it's quite a convoluted walk to get out.
5	My husband and I chose to stay at Aria based on a recommendation from a man we met the last time we were in Vegas who was staying there. We booked 2 nights for our 5th year anniversary. Months in advance I had booked our room and requested a view upgrade via email, just to see if it was a possibility.So we pulled up to the Aria and from the outside, visually, it looks like a museum, extremely modern, and quite large and expansive. We used the valet and bellboys, they were quick and friendly, and we arrived during an extremely busy check in time, there were cars and lines of people everywhere, but none of the staff seemed to reflect the chaos going on around them. I went inside to get in the huge check in line that wrapped twice around, trying not to get irritated because i did not want to wait in that line...it moved very quickly and when we got to the front, once again the staff was incredibly friendly. Laura checked us in and asked what occasion we were there for and upgraded us to the sky suites. My heart sank into my stomach, I had seen the sky suites online and it was just a dream to even think of staying there. I cried i was so excited. We are on a serious budget, we have a new baby and would never spend that kind of money so it was an amazing blessing for us to get to stay there.Walking through the casino, you would never know it allows smoking, the air is perfumed with a beautiful, soft floral scent, every where you go, so refreshing. The sky suites have a private access entry, lounge and elevators. The room was out of this world, breathtaking. Huge windows, amazing view, super clean, comfortable bed, awesome tv's, lighting, everything is touch screen. The maids offer you chocolates and turn down service, you get a newspaper daily, i just cannot say enough about the room! Amazing jetted tub, large shower with sitting area, bidet toilet.The restaurants were so pretty, of course it is a luxury resort so it was a little pricey, the buffet was delicious! The pool was very clean, had servers waiting to serve you, plenty of towels and chairs. Everything in my opinion was top notch. The design of the hotel is so beautiful, tons of attention to detail everywhere you look. It is immaculate. Aria's staff was always friendly and went above and beyond to help us plan evenings out, get us into clubs on the VIP list, arrange transportation...etc. We were treated so wonderfully. We have stayed at many luxury hotels in vegas, the ritz, secrets in cancun, etc. & we both feel that this was the best overall experience we have ever had. I truly recommend Aria and we are actually planning our next visit for December!Thank You again Laura and Aria for making this the best vacation we have ever had!!!!!
5	My girl friends and I got the Crystals Suite and it was AMAZING. A million dollar view from the 16th floor, modernized interiors, and best of all, the bidet. :)Located in the middle of The Strip, close to the Cosmopolitan and the Ballagio. Highly recommend!
4	I read on here before I booked at Aria and I was excited to check this place out.Check in a breeze. Check out even more breezy.The game floor is really clean, new and doesn't have a smoke smell to it.  restaurants  were of a nice decor and we checked out Sage and it was Epic. Really well put together meal. Concierge was friendly. Printed out our cirque tickets at MGM Grand, and pointed us on our way. Location is really good. Walkway to Monte carlo which has a fast food court and cheap tables. Connects to the Vdara and Bellagio via tram but walking for us was way faster. and right outside Aria is a CVS store for cheap booze. Now to the rooms. I gave in to the Aria due to the fact it was suppose to be super hi tech. Everything can be controlled by the remote, but I was expecting more. The bed was extremely comfy but the pillows were horrid. 3 pillows evened out to one for me. The air conditioner said it was set for 61 degrees which is the lowest it went and it never reached that temperature. Stuck around 65/67 the whole time. Really strange. and lastly the toilet. Didn't think to flush first before I used it for the first time, and of course it didn't work at all. So that kind of sucked. Simple call to front desk fixed the problem. Reviews on here said they experienced the same problem; so words of advice, flush first, then try.Aria is a fun place to stay in Vegas if you want something a little more relaxing and a little less Vegas Vibe.
4	We stayed here for a week, it's a very modern/high end hotel with good service. It's a bit of a walk from the strip, but the free tram takes you to the Belagio when your feeling lazy. We had a nice view of the roof deck pools @ the Cosmo, the free tram, and the Riviera in the distance. The lunch buffet was better than some of the pricier alternatives on the strip, and the City Center shops were close by as well. If you you want to skip the lines and crowds when entering/leaving via cab, use their back entrance/exit (by the convention center), it's usually much less crowded and always attended.
4	I've stayed here for FREE at least four times because I'm an M Life (Aria, Bellagio, Vdara, Mandalay Bay, MGM Grand, others) player's club card holder. I don't gamble an insane amount, and yet, they email me 'deals' pretty regularly- my advice is to sign up for a players card at your favorite casino. It's worth the 20 mins out of your day!Nver had any problems during check-in. Front desk staff is friendly and efficient. Rooms are sleek, very modern and clean. I love new! Beds are some of the most comfortable I've ever had the pleasure of passing out on. On my first couple of visits, we had luxuriously heavy down pillows but during the last stay, our room had run-of-the-mill poly-filled ones. Still nice and oversized, but not the same. That was a minor disappointment.Bathrooms are spacious and newer, which addresses my two hotel dealbreakers: cramped bathrooms with no counter space, and old, crummy fixtures. Shower is also spacious, mostly because the soaking tub is inside the shower stall. It's a little weird but convenient if you want to rinse off before or after your soak. Casino floor is clean and nicely laid out, albeit not the biggest. I actually prefer it that way. I can sit and gamble or throw away my money on a slot machine without a convention of dentists parading past me. For a larger experience, I go to Bellago or Ceasars. Which brings me to location.Location is very good. It's smack in the middle of the best part of the strip within reasonable walking distance to Bellagio, Paris, Planet Hollywood, Ceasar's. Some people don't like that Aria is a bit of a trek from the sidewalk because it's set so far back from the street. I don't know. Like everything in Vegas, time and distance are deceiving. I've walked into the MGM Grand to meet a friend in her room, and 15 minutes later, was STILL walking to get there.Lastly, I like the way Aria smells. Their lobby/casino aromatherapy is pleasant and soothing. All the hotels have it, but my nose votes Aria, Bellagio and the Ventian as the best smelling hotels in Vegas.
3	Front desk was rude and don't know if it was because we booked through priceline but she surely changed her attitude after my husband tipped her for a better view.  However their bed is one of the BEST beds I've ever slept on if not THE BEST.  Their remote control for the room is pretty cool.  Other than that it was okay but for the price (which was a bit even by booking it through priceline) I would rather stay at the Trumph or Mandalay.
3	I'm here for 3 nights and my second trip to Aria. Pros:Very Comfortable bedsQuiet RoomsSleek modern rooms and designThe rooms are great in every way. I like that you can easily hook up anything to your TV monitor - laptop, music, mobile devices, USB drives, etc.Automatic curtain openers -- not really necessary but adds to the high-tech ambiance of the hotel.Cons:Like all the other mega resorts/casinos it's a lot of walking to get to the restaurants etc.The biggest con I had that will probably keep me from returning was the wait to check in. After traveling all day to reach the hotel I was greeted by a line as long as any you'd find at Disneyland only this one barely moved. I was exhausted and after about 20 minutes in line without moving forward asked a security guard how long the wait would be and he estimated 2 or more hours! Checked my bags with the bell hop and roamed the shops and strip for a couple hours. Returned now totally exhausted and found the line was still as long. Talking with the bell  hop I got the impression that this was common. If so, it is serious problem. Returned 2 hours later and the line was about half. Waited about 45 minutes to an hour and finally checked in. From that point forward the stay has been wonderful. I forgot a razor, house keeping had a free shaving kit to my room in minutes. Ate at Sage (excellent) and the Buffet (good). I recommend downloading the property map on line or getting a print copy at check in. For fast food take the bridge to Monte Carlo food court. Convenient and fast. Don't open the refrigerator, they warn that moving food around in there can bring on a $50 charge.This would be 4 or 5 stars if not for the check in debacle. If that was just an aberration then this hotel would rank as one of the best in Vegas. Though they should at least have someone going through the line and explaining the situation and offering alternatives to standing in line - like waiting in the lounge, get an electronic beeper that beeps you from your Black Jack game when your up.
5	Had a three day conference here and everything was great. The food. The clean air. Free WiFi. Completely modern and business appropriate.
1	For the record, this will serve as not only my first online review, but my first review of anything that was not assigned to me since grade school. I have decided that my ridiculously unprofessional experience at this hotel/casino deserves my effort to sign up for this website to share my experinces.Lets start with the hotel room. I believe I was one of the ones (or many, according to past reviewers) that have received a "reject" room. I did not get the auto-curtain-opening feature along with any "welcoming" in any way, shape, or form upon entering.The shower/bath smelled like urine from check-in to check-out.  One of the serving trays did not work (fold out) properly for an in-room dining service I ordered totaling over $100 for two.Now onto the casino. The minimums are abnormally high for table games. There is little variety of slots compared to any other major casino. And for the icing on the cake - one of the ladies (the heavyset lady, I would think of a nicer description, but she's not, so...) behind the M Life (the casino's player's club) counter, seemed very irritated and upset that I even dared to walk up to her to ask questions... and when I did approach her, no "hi" or "how can I help you", just a blank, empty stare. The answer to my question was then met with a very rude tone of voice. I felt that she was about to go all-out ghetto on me, complete with the whipping of the head back and forth, but refraining from doing so only because she remembers that there are cameras watching her as well.Finally, for the cherry on top, this is supposed to be a 5-star resort.Pro's? The location.Anywho... not bad for a first review eh?
4	Awesome hotel is all i can say.  Best I've stayed at so far in Vegas.  It used to be the Encore and while Encore is still up there, Aria has it beat only because of the amazing view we had in our Corner Suite.  Our bedroom had an amazing view of Cosmo, Planet Hollywood and the strip.  The bed was my god oh so comfortable!  Our master bath blew my mind.  Decor was beautiful and our jacuzzi bathtub was facing out the walled windows which over looked Vdara, Planet Hollywood, Cosmo and the strip.  It was amazing taking baths during the day/and nite with all the bright lights shining in.We were set up with all different sizes of towels galore which made it so convenient.  Even had some extra amenities like mouthwash, razor, shaving cream, nail file, etc...The venting system works great.  We had a smoking suite but after 15 mins of smoking, the air was almost completely clear of such smell.  The curtains/shades/lights were all controlled from each wall in the rooms, the digital bedside clock or the TV.  Its real fancy, but to be honest - a bit confusing.  I found myself closing things i didn't want to close, turning on things on i didn't want on.. etc.The hotel staff were VERY nice.  Great customer service!
5	Loved this hotel. Had a great stay and was way cheaper then I thought it would be. Rooms are modern and amazing. I'll be back soon.
5	Home away from home.   The smell of vanilla always makes me think of this place.
4	I have stayed here many times and it is the best hotel in Vegas.On the most recent visit, the TV remote was swapped with a generic one so you cannot access any of the on-screen menus with the remote so you have to use the small touch screen by the bed which is terrible.  They ended up giving me a partial credit for this which was nice. The mattresses and pillows at Aria are BY FAR the best I have ever had, anywhere.  It is just amazing.The room layout is excellent - nice closet space, spacious bathrooms, and the whole automation system with the lights, curtains, tv, audio, is great.  They charge a $25 resort fee per night which includes Wifi, gym, and other services.The finishes overall are very high-end looking, no complaints.  They did forget to leave me soap and shampoo on my last night but I'll let that go as service has always been great besides that.The restaurants are great and being next to Crystals you have all the shopping you need.The Casino is pretty standard and dealers are very friendly. I play craps mostly and they have 12 tables and usually most are $10-15 and not too crowded.One complaint is the limited breakfast options.  The Jean Philippe bakery is always packed and fairly expensive with limited seating. One tip is you can go to the other side of the Casio (past Deuce next to the Valet) and they have a small coffee shop with some of the same Jean Philippe pastries with hardly no line.Room rates are pretty good and usually lower than other high-end properties like MGM or Bellagio. The only downside is if you come here for a trade show, there is no monorail to the convention center.
4	Best beds ever! I knock out the moment i'm on it and that's not something i do very often. No pillows needed, it's THAT comfortable. Very, very nice!The room is cozy and modern. You have a tablet device that controls everything from the room temp to tv and alarms. Ours kept freezing up though so we had to fiddle with it for a while before getting what we want, so that's kind of annoying. They do have small switches all around the room where you can manually turn things off, so no big deal. Great view of the strip, and the casino downstairs is fun but be sure to bring plenty of cash since the cheapest table I found was $25 to start. All in all it's a really nice hotel. It's right next to Cosmo and across the street from Planet Hollywood so the location is pretty convenient. There's also a tram that can take you to City Center and Bellagio so you can avoid the insane Las Vegas heat in the summer that way. It's not my first choice of hotels to stay in Vegas but I wouldn't mind staying here again next time I find myself in Sin City.
3	The hotel is nice enough, but when we arrived there was hair on our comforter. They were very apologetic and took care of it quickly. The buffet was good. Had our names on the guest list at Haze, but arrived too late and they couldn't get us in.
4	Gorgeous Hotel on the Vegas Strip!
3	One of the coolest places I've stayed in the world. When you walk in the suite and the shade in your 180-degree view room automatically opens...wow.  Pretty sure the suite was a larger square footage than some of the homes I've lived in. We upgraded for some nominally crazy, inexpensive cost. Other in our party who didn't were disappointed, but still gave a positive review of their rooms. They are all ultra modern and technologically hyped up. Trendy (all be it expensive) shops I enjoyed looking in. Did buy a great, one of a kind swim suit at a little shop there. Several dining options (all be it expensive) and easy access to other offerings throughout City Center.  I was annoyed with the thumping of the "teen" club next to the pool. It was a divine outdoor area, minus the long line into the club and girls barely dressed waiting to get in and get attention. It was truly that annoying. It may even be a topless place now. There was talk of that being the intention if it weren't for a planning and design flaw. Not aware of the validity of that or how it turned out though. But I guess it is Vegas so you should expect it.  I still prefer classy. They almost had it.
4	We stayed at Aria because of a GREAT deal that Southwest Airlines was offering. The deal included airfare, lodging and show.GREAT:* hotel is located centrally on the strip* has an internal free tram that takes you from Monte Carlo to Bellagio* beautiful decor, with high celling* modern rooms with remote control access on tv* security guards for room access* great restaurants within the hotel* easy access to Crystals at City Center* outlets and laptop access are easily located on TOP of the desk, made it easy to charge your phones and connect the laptop to the tvGOOD:* ventilation, I am sensitive to smoke and I did not feel it unless I was walking next to a smoker* 3 pools with LifeGuards and lots of lounge chairs* shear curtains, blackout curtains and lights are automated and can be controlled with the tv remote controlNOT SO GREAT:* the check in process took a great deal of time, we were waiting in lines of 4 and deeper with waits of 30 mins and more. This was with 8 front desk people working.* when entering the room, two light were out one in the bathroom and another in the closet (I would expect those basic fixture to be resolved)* sound proofy of the windows is not so great, I could hear noise from the strip clearly* the in room frig is filled with mini bar items, without room for anything else* the mini bar was not turned on, so everything in it was room temp* the toilet is separated from the sink and tub by a slightly distorted glass door, but NOT enough where you feel comfortable sharing the bathroom. You could easily see the person on the other side.Somethings that I would recommend that the hotel have ready in the rooms, seeing as how automated the room is:1. have the tv turn on when guess enter the room for the first time showing the amenities of the room and how to use the remote control2. turn on the mini bar frig and leave room in it if we want to place food there3. check that all basic lights and functions of the room are working
4	I stayed here for two nights on my birthday weekend. It's a great hotel in the middle of everything. I had to -1 because housekeeping never came when we ordered room service and asked for them to take away the tables and trays after.
3	Aria is an average hotel for higher than average prices.Pros: 1) The room was very nice. The 1 king bed room was big, modern, and comfortable.2) I loved the shower set up with the big oval tub and a separate area for shower.3) Casino floor doesn't have a strong cigarette smell like the other casinos.4) Workers were all very polite, from the cashier at Chill to the bell man.5) They come to turn down your beds for sleep and put chocolates on the bed. 6) I think they have some kind of no kids policy because I barely saw any. That was nice.Cons1) I thought it was going to be closer to everything else but because it is in the back of City Center, it is actually quite an extra walk to get there. They call it the heart of City Center but it is more like the backbone, because it is not in a central location.2) I got a room with strip view but because of cosmopolitan (I think), most of the strip was blocked. I got a nice view of City Center and MGM and that's about it. Not as nice as the real strip view with bellagio, Paris, etc.3) We stored our luggage twice with the bell desk. The second time, they lost my water bottle that was in a side pocket of the bag and bent a brand new umbrella. We even told the bell desk to be careful handling the umbrella and they put a fragile sticker on it, but they still bent it! Also, it is partially my fault for putting a water bottle where it can fall out but considering this is not a cheap hotel, they should so a better job of keeping their guests' bags.4) They made it sound like if you move anything in the mini fridge they will charge a restocking fee of fifty bucks. We were so careful not to touch anything but at check out, they told us we were charged for the chocolate almonds. Wtf? I'm 150% sure we touched nothing. And it was even sketchier when the front desk staff didn't even question me when I told him so. Does this happen often? Or are they trying to get away with these extra charges?5) $28 resort fees!? For what? 6) their touch screen control of the room is a really cool concept, but it was jot intuitive at all. We got some good laughs out of it (couldn't get out of nighttime mode during the day!) but it should be easier to use.All in all, it is a beautiful hotel with great rooms but they have a lot of work to do before they become the upscale hotel they want to be. Aria did not meet expectations that I have when paying $180 per night for a room. I will try somewhere else next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I just walked through it with some people to check it out. I thought it was very stunning visually, but it was a little far to get to. I liked that it seemed to smell like vanilla, but I could see how that would bother me after awhile.One thing that annoyed me was I played some slots and ended up with 3 or 4 cents left so I left it in the machine for another player to buy myself some karmic points. A floorperson came over to cash it out and I started to mention that I left it there and before I could get the rest out, I was told "I shouldn't get all bothered about a few cents" and she stormed off. I walked away too but notice a few minutes later that she came by and cashed it out. I wish I could have explained what I was doing. I think the best move in the future is to cash these out and give them to the homeless people on the strip...
2	While its price defintely reflects that it doesn't provide the best and brightest that Las Vegas has to offer, it is already starting to show its age and disarray.While the room was very spacious, the dated Control 4 system wasnt really working and it took almost 45 minutes to get an engineer to come up and allow for use of the television.  In addition, the bed was kind of misshapen and way too soft (not in a good way).  The one bright side was that they did provide free WiFi!All in all, its a mediocre room for a reasonable price.  While I guess that would cut it in most towns, given the service and quantity of better nearby options, I wouldn't return back to Aria next time I am in Las Vegas.
4	I enjoyed our stay at the Aria hotel. I think my biggest complaint would be the on & off mobile service reception the place has... it kept looking for service or the service kept dropping. Very modern, easy on the eyes, love the electric draperies, nice bathroom, absolutely heart the ironing board & set.I even found a safety pin (when I needed one too) in their bathroom amenities for the guests.Too bad I didn't have enough time to lounge in the pool area & sip on their red dragon daiquiri. Looking forward to plan my next Las Vegas stay at the Aria.
4	The valet in the back of the hotel is less crowded than the valet in the front (off of Las Vegas Blvd). So use the back valet for less crowds. However, if u use the valet in the back, bell service on that side is only available to people who are staying in the Skye Suites. So, if you're not staying in their suites, and u valet your car in the back side, be prepared to lug all your bags thru the hotel and up to your room. And there are no signs that say this! I found out only after i had already gotten out of my car and unloaded half of my bags.Also, if u valet your car in the back, it stays in the back until you yourself move it. You can not pick up your car in the front, lets say if you want bell service when you check out.  I wish i had known this earlier. I was trying to avoid the traffic in front, so i went to valet ing the back. Had i know this valet issue, i would have stuck thru the traffic on Las Vegas Blvd in return for bell service.
4	I am a fan, although it was very labyrinth-like to get there. Bit disoriented at first.. went through Cosmopolitan, looking for a way across to the Crystals high-end shopping mall. It was a bit of a trial. Finally got myself together.. wandering throughout Crystals.ahhHH, there's Eva Longoria's restaurant.. Todd English has a pub here?.... wander summore... front entrance to Aria... what relief!Maya Lin welcomed me; her 84- foot cast of the Colorado R. Is splashed and suspended over the impressive hotel reception desk.Aria is a whimsical place, with its very lofty lobby and beautiful pieces of modern art. Lovely to stay here. Guy who checked me in was sweet: gave me a room that was on the 24th floor. Like the layout of the bathroom with the tub sitting behind the shower. Like also the fact that I can use the large flat-screen to set my alarm for curtains to open and TV to turn on in the morning. It's not solely the beautiful decor throughout, but features such as coffee bar near the front entrance that makes this place rock. Jean Philippe Patisserie is my kryptonite, the gym/fitness area had so many tvs in it, I didn't miss much of the Olympics while working out on their nice Cybex ellipticals....Fill up on that lemon-cuke spa water across the way before the sweat commences.Aria's buffet is above the cut too. Homemade sorbet was off the charts. I tried 2 mini flavors. And the crab legs were satifsying too. Great breakfasts there as well. Able to enjoy the Aria theater that played the Cirque Elvis show (smaller, but nice), as well as Jean Georges across the way. Plenty to enjoy here...$25/day resort fee, including use of pools and spa/gym.nice tram that one catches once enter the Crystals from hotel, and turn left..immed ascend the elevator a flight up for non-arduous, non-overheating journey over to Monte Carlo or Bellagio/Vdara.PS for the nerds like msyelf, I'd take the outdoor fine art tour around City Walk any day, over Liquid Lounge, or whatever the nightclub was called on the lower level.
2	I would have rated my stay at a 5 rating, if for not the one hour wait line during check in and the double billing on my credit card bill, in the amount of $738.  Beware of making a reservation through a discount Dot Com business like Priceline.com, Aria had been paid in advance, through Priceline, but recharged the full prepaid amount on the credit card after my departure.  I had to spend time handling the double billing issue.  :(   Also beware of $25 nightly "resort fee" added onto your bill.  This charge is not stated upon making the reservation through Priceline.
5	Just came back from a long weekend at the Aria. A few friends warned me that it was so far away from everything. Well, this really worked in our favor. It kept a lot of people from wandering in. This was the perfect hotel for us- newish, modern, hip people but not to the extent of the Cosmopolitan, good location.The pool area was really nice. Plenty of seats- even on a crowded holiday weekend.  Quick drink service. One pool was a little louder...the other two a little more quiet. The rooms were great with nice size bathrooms. Loved the strip view that we had. I'd recommend this view.The location of the hotel is perfect since it's basically in the middle of the strip. You can tram to the Bellagio or Monte Carlo if you want. We easily walked to the Venetian on one end and Mandalay Bay on the other. I'd definitely recommend this if you want a little Vegas scene, but not a lot. If you want the hip scene, the Cosmo is for you.
4	Beautiful space, impeccable service and nice restaurant choices.  Very close to the new shopping center.  The gym/spa was lovely.  We would stay there again.
1	We travel to Vegas all the time and stay at different resorts each trip.  Just returned from our stay at Aria and were VERY disappointed.  Bads:1. Check in took 45 min, front desk person was SLOWWWWWW.....2. Buffet was so surprisingly bad it was laughable. Lasagna was cafeteria grade...3. Decor is boring, 50 shades of brown...4. Bring your flashlight, the rooms are very dark, but on the plus side, it does hide the ugly decor.5. VERY LITTLE signage.  Spent a lot of time guessing what direction.6. Pools were remarkably dull, reminded me of a city pool.7. Gaming area is small and unappealing.8. Long walk to the valet, bad design9. Hallways are like cavesGoods:The technology in the rooms was interesting.Very comfy bedsIf you want to stay at a nice resort we suggest Wynn, Bellagio, The Venetian, Mandalay Bay, in other words, anyplace other than Aria.For the people giving this hotel great reviews, you really need to check out the other Mega resorts, they are SO MUCH BETTER
3	Aria is a relatively new and nice hotel. The staffs are friendly. The casino is very straight forward and organized. I love how Jean Philippe is by the guest rooms so very convenient for breakfast, snack and coffee. The guest rooms hallway is super confusing. It was never-ending and it criss-cross at some point...imagine finding your room if you're drunk. The room is nice. I like how it's pretty automatic with the window and "service" and "private" button and all. I like how the shower is connected to the tub. Thre room is pretty clean and spacious.The pool is nice along with three jacuzzi. I like how you don't have to walk through the casino to get to the pool. You just have to go to the promenade floor. But it's weird, it seems like the pool is open to anyone public and not just hotel guess.  I like how they have a tram that's connected to Bellagio and Crystals. The Cosmopolitan is also just few minute walks away. It's super convenient!! Will definitely like to stay there again.
5	Went here last year with my family, and I thought it was amazing. Good service wise with the food and staff. The food is so original especially the gelato ice cream. The pool is clean *not like circus circus* Only downfall is that its expensive compared to wynn.
5	Great service from start to finish. From the rooms , to business center, to food, and gaming.  First class
4	My first time staying here and my first time even stepping foot in here.  No major issues and an overal pleasant experience. I can't comment on cost/value though as my friend took care of the room. Hotel:  like most other respectable Vegas hotels, Aria is beautifully furnished. No surprises here. Walking distance from places like Marquee. Rooms: I got what I think they call an executive suite. There is a main living room area in the middle, a  bedroom on one side, and a conference room on the other.   As you open the door and step into the room, the curtains automatically open, giving you a view through the 25 or so feet of windows. the main bathroom has a tub in the middle, closets off to one side, sinks on the othe side, and a toilet and large shower partitioned by frosted glass doors towards the rear of the bathroom. Casino:  I didn't have much free time to gamble on this trip but the two times I did gamble, I had trouble finding people to play with. Now, this may just be the case everywhere and just a result of the overall state of Vegas and society. But, yeah it was kind of sad. As for the casino itself, it seemed pretty average in terms of size and game quality.
1	This place is like a MAZE. If you love walking and you want to shed 3-5 pounds and don't mind going lost in the building then this is the place for you. The distance from SELF PARK to the front desk is about 3/4 mile. The front desk staff is rude and enjoy getting into confrontations with the guests. The line is long and the check-in staff is not properly trained. The supervisor (Trevor) is confused about being in hospitality environement and love running his loud mouth - They promised a call from GM to clarify the outstanding issue and to date I haven't seen an email or heard back from the so called GM - DO NOT STAY HERE!!!
5	perfect "10" every time
4	Aria is typical of most high end hotels in Vegas.... It is in same class with Wynn, Belagio, Encore....  High points - cool modern decor, nice spacious pools, several good restaurants with all price points, not too smoke filled, cool sports bars with plenty places to watch games (Aria Sports Bar / Book and Todd English PUB) Low points - typical of all LV hotels - very slow check-in / check out service / crazy long lines  (tips: use the Suites Check in and use the TV check out). Front desk had real challenge taking off room charge we paid with AMEX for - odd.  I dont get it why they can't figure this out - add more people and have express check in line.Overall,  for what we paid, about $170 for Sat night stay, very nice.  I am suprised this is 5 diamond with the ridiculous lines to check in / check out due to amateur front desk staff.
5	I sneak away to Vegas every couple months..and I've Stayed at several Hotels The cosmopolitan, Vdara Bellagio and a few others...This is the Place to be I never have to leave the Hotel! The service is simply THE BEST! The View from Sky Suites are Breath taking! I cant Imagine staying any where else!  SIMPLY amazing Hotel.
4	Great choice for Vegas. High class at a rate just below others in the same league.Central location is great. Taxi times going anywhere else were kept short.-Rooms are big. Yes this is a NYC-dweller talking but they are spacious. I love the floor to ceiling windows with panoramic views.Everything in the room is automated with a tablet or push of a button. Even for a tech-savvy person like myself, it wasn't the easiest but I got the hang of it after a day.-The cleaning staff is fantastic. Nothing is over-looked. If you don't want your toiletries re-arranged, zip them up. but everything is cleaned, dusted, and you are left with chocolates!-The pool party club Liquid is sort of small but a happening scene if that's what you want. If you don't, have no fear. Multiple pools, towels and many chairs. And the music doesn't pour into the non-party pools so you can relax.-Gym is open from 5:30 am - 8 pm.Towels, bottles of waters, apples are complimentary. Lots of machines. Great gym.-I can't speak much to gambling and food but the casino looked big, not smoke-filled (they use a vanilla-like scent to really battle this) and there are multiple food options along the $-scale.TIP: If you want to buy snacks or alcohol for your room - CVS and Walgreens are in front of Aria on the Strip. Just a short walk to save some $.My only downside is a sporadic level of service. Well and outrageous lines at check in and the concierge. Sometimes you were treated as a valued guest like you would expect, others you were treated like this was a low-level hotel where you were bothering them or even outright rude. I'd stay there again - but the minute someone treats me like that, I'm going directly to management.
4	Nice rooms; very nice casino.  Good location.  High end mall attached; great places to eat here!
5	CAN I JUST SAY, OH SHIT! This hotel is totally my new favorite! From the beautiful lobby, to the tasty bakery, to the modern & beautiful rooms, the Aria Hotel & Casino has it all! My family & I had the chance to stay at this luxurious beauty for 3 nights & my goodness, those rooms were spectacular! We had a GORGEOUS view of the strip & the room itself was extremely clean and maintained! I mean what other hotel room plays music & has your name written across a flat screen plasma TV when you walk into the room?! The Aria truly provides one with the overall Vegas experience! I would recommend this hotel to ANYONE! Also, the VIVA ELVIS show is a masterpiece within itself. Spectacular choreography with great professional performers. I will surely be coming back soon.
4	We had stayed here over the weekend. Looking forward to checking this hotel out, after reading some of the other reviews on here I wish I read them before our stay, first we go to check in, took almost 30 mins to check in on a Friday evening only 5 people there for check in, finally we get to our room, very nice the touch screen controler didn't work most of the time, but the bed was comfy, we went to the pool, very nice, but took forever to get a drink, finally we get a drink coming and they have to shut down the pool because someone had pooped in it seriously? We decided to leave n gamble, casino is kinda small but in the afternoon we found lots of tables open. I don't know if I will stay here again, but worth to check it out, I like the Hotel at mandalay bay better.
4	I was there for a conference in the hotel and booked a room at the same. Rooms are awesome! I am a techie, so had no problems figuring out all the controls - which are way over the top. I could only imagine how it would be for the average person. I was able to set it up to gradually turn on the lights, open the curtains, and then turn on Fox news... all to wake me up!!TIP - room safe is "hidden" - not in the closet where you normally find them... but as a hidden drawer in one of the nightstands!LOST STAR - for "resort fee" - while this now appears to be the industry Vegas norm, it is BS. Let's just call it what it is... additional room rate. You wonder why they can advertise a room for $99... well it ends up being $124 after this "fee". All the "amenities" (pool, internet, gym -- REALLY???) should just be included in the room rate.
1	STAY AWAY!!Stayed here back in April for a night away while in town visiting family and became violently ill the next morning - and we didn't even drink!  Apparently we weren't the only ones - Google it and you'll see that all kinds of people were getting sick here.  Do you really want to chance it?Contacted the hotel immediately after returning home and explained the situation, even filled out an online survey they sent me and I checked the little box to have someone contact me about my stay and ... nothing.  No response, no call back, no email back, no anything.  Will NEVER, EVER stay here again.
4	I usually stay with friends when I am in town, but since I had family staying in the hotel I decided to get a room myself.  I must say I was shocked what I got for the money.  When you first enter the door, the curtains open and music starts to play.  I'll take that kind of welcome any day.  To my surprise, my room was cleaned everyday despite my abnormal sleeping schedule (it IS Vegas after all).  The Casino staff and bartenders were friendly and the floor was clean.  Bottom line is that I'd surely stay again.  :)
4	So pretty!  I only gambled here, but this hotel is gorgeous!  Everything seems shiny and new.  I love the modern lines.  It doesn't hurt that I won some money here as well.  If I ever get enough comps, I'd love to stay here next time!
3	I stayed here last week and overall there was nothing special about the hotel. The rooms were nice and very modern, but small for this type of hotel. When I booked the room through the hotel's VIP service I was told that we could add a rollaway bed when we checked in. There were three of us sharing a room the first night. When we got there we were told that we couldn't get the rollaway bed because the room was too small and it would be a fire hazard. That information would have been nice before I booked the room. The pool area was ok. It was pretty relaxing but also a little boring. The casino was just OK. It didn't seem that big. The sports betting area seemed small too. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It's basically in the middle of the strip so it's easy to get to almost any hotel on the strip without taking a cab. Overall, I've stayed at nicer hotels in Vegas for less money.
5	Very Classy.  WoW every fixture, fabric, hardware,flooring, decor was absolutely stunning.  The bathroom was all Marble with a bath and shower room.  The pillows and lines were so soft. The view is beautifiul.  The location is prime in City Center of Las Vegas.  The downfall was the retail, and food choices were slim.  Gambling wasn't so great, Bar area was not all that.  Pool area was awesome.
4	Gorgeous hotel! Love the mordern touches and the in room technology!  The price per night is pretty standard within the other 5 star hotels on the strip. Casino made me some money, so I was happy.This bed was quite possibly the most comfortable bed I've slept in while in Vegas.Their 24 hour restaurant is horrible and overpriced. I mean, incredibly overpriced with only a few options. I could have eaten better food at a Denny's. I didn't try their room service but hopefully that 24 hour option is better than Cafe Vettro. Aside from that, their hotel is lovely and the tram to Crystals/Monte Carlo/Bellagio made it nicer than walking outside in the desert heat. I'll be back.
4	Stayed here 2x now. Love the room layouts. You have to try the pastry cafe in Aria. Pricey but OH SO Good !! My only complaint is that it gets very smokey !! I will be back.
4	When it comes to Vegas, this is certainly the place to stay.  It has moved beyond the dated themed monstrosities of the past, and looks like a classy hotel in New York.  It is beautifully designed and has somehow pumps a fresh smelling french vanilla scent through the venting system of the hotel.  The only negative is the rooms, although very nice, are quite expensive.  Especially when considering the abundance of cheap rooms at the larger, although older, resorts.  However, is still the best hotel in Vegas in this humble mans' opinion.
2	From the 1hr25min check in to the dirty room...would I go back, when hell freezes over.
5	We had a great stay at the Aria. I know they call it "off-strip" but it's really so close it doesn't matter. I signed up for the Aria email list and was able to get a great rate about a week before our stay. $25 resort fees are lame but seems to be the standard thing to do in Vegas. I would rather just get an honest room fee up front. Check-in was a bit of a mess since it was Friday early evening. They had 100 little lines and of course the people in front of me took forever. I finally had my husband go get in another line and he beat me to the front. Unfortunately, we weren't able to get a room on the same floor as our group, which meant we had separate elevators. We had to go all the way down to get on a different elevator to go back up to their floor. The room was beautiful and modern. Maybe even a little too high-tech. You can control the curtains from the TV. The bath area is in the shower stall, which is kind of weird but I have no desire to take a bath there so it doesn't matter. The toilet area has its own door, which is nice if you were sharing the room. The pool was nice and we didn't have any trouble finding a lounge chair in the middle of day - thank goodness! I would definitely stay here again.
5	Amazing room gReat rate friendly staff !!  Poolside is FAB  ,i see NO KIDS. !!!!   Am happy !! now let the luck be with me today :-).  Ps had food at the buffet and it was verry nice for the price !!!
4	I have stayed in nearly every single 5 star hotel in las vgeas. This includes cosmo, venitian, palazo, cesar's palace, and Bellagio.All these hotels are clean, well kept. They're is no question you will get a room that is clean.The question to ask is customer service, and room size.Aria offers the smallest rooms for the 5 star price, but I already knew what I was getting into.What I didn't know was the customer service they had, they didn't have a non-smoking room that I requested. They also made me wait 45 minutes to check in.I also waited 45 minutes at the pool for a waiter, the waiter told me they were understaffed.My check out was normal at 11:00 am. At all other hotels they will let me check out at noon if I request late check out. They asked me to pay $109 for late check out. I called my casino host they assigned to me and then they approved my noon check out.At 11:58am I got a knock on the door by a supervisor telling me to check out. I will not be returning to this hotel, the customer service is horrible.I contact their company and they were able to give me two free nights to re-experience there hotel. I had a much better stay.
5	Aria is amazing! I stayed for one night over Labor Day Weekend. Upon entry, you may notice the lobby smells like vanilla. You know what it doesn't smell like? Cigarette smoke. Yes, it was still there, but it wasn't hitting you in the face. After a quick elevator ride, I made my way to my room on the 20th floor. Wow, what a view! Everything in the room is ran off of a central remote: the curtains, the lights, the TV. The bathroom was amazing. Toilet in a separate room, and the bathtub was inside of the walk in shower (which also had a bench). There was a makeup mirror attached to the wall, and the double sink was great. I didn't have much time to explore the rest of the hotel (restaurants, shows, or even the pool!) or the attached mall, but I look forward to checking out Aria again.
5	Stayed here for a bachelor party last weekend... really, really nice place.   Very friendly staff in both the hotel areas and casino.  The design of this place is awesome - perfectly modern, kind of masculine, and very open.  I also appreciate the fact that the newer casinos aren't quite so gigantic. It can become impossible to find your group in some of the bigger places if you wander off for a drink or find yourself alone at a hot table.
2	Very disappointed in Aria.- $28 for any non-refundable charge- Overly engineered room. There are about 30 buttons to control the room. But, I cannot find the only one that matters : the lamp- The bed is too soft.
5	My husband booked a corner suite for our anniversary at the Aria and it didn't disappoint.  From the moment we entered the lobby I was in love.  The whole place smells amazing and the casino is off the the side and at first I didn't even notice it.  Our room was wonderful, comfortable bed, good view and quiet.
3	Beautiful hotel...but not much going on inside it. The staff is great, spa is very nice but with XS and Marquee being the hot spots in town, Aria has really got to step it up with the entertainment factor. The dining selection was pretty depressing too. I understand it's new and has a ways to go, I just hope it does....otherwise I loved staying here. The decor and design is a luxe-swank that exudes a more mature vegas. It felt more boutique and intimate as well, not as insanely in-your-face big like other casinos. Shopping is great. Oh, I really liked the idea of the free tram, I was too drunk to utilize it though.
1	Check-in was horrible , worst I have ever seen in LV. The managers and the check in people were unconcerned about 30 min to 1 hour check in , and even rude
4	I'm debating on 3 or 4 stars...I'm trying NOT to base this ALL on the house keeping situation I encountered.  Let's start with I checked in at midnight and there was a line.  I'm assuming this may have been a fluke...but the hotel entrance and lobby BEAUTIFUL! They were very accommodating.  What was TOTALLY annoying was having to show your key to get pass the "PROTECTOR OF THE ELEVATORS" Really all this money spent and I have to fumble in my purse to find the key instead of getting it out on the elevator.  Even some lower end properties have a slot at the elevator.  Basically IF you have a key that's your key to the elevator.  That felt a little harassing/movie theater ish.  :-(  So the elevators to the 38th floor were SUPER fast.  :-)  I really enjoyed that.  Some places an elevator ride could take 10 minutes.  When you walk in the room the curtains automatically open up with one of the MOST amazing views of the strip!  BEAUTIFUL! You can't beat it.  You can see the ENTIRE STRIP both ways as well as the airport and mountains.   The room was spacious and had every amenity you could think of BUT the fridge that was stocked with stuff you had to pay a lot for,  left you no room for anything you wanted to store inside the fridge.  I had Chocolate covered berries that I wanted to keep chilled. BUT if I wanted to have the items that were in t here removed, I would have been charged a DAILY fee for it OR have to pay for the items I moved since the items were on a sensor.  I think EVERY hotel should provide a refrigerator.  For convenience or even medical reasons for some people. Room service was super FAST! one of the FASTEST I've ever had.  HOWEVER, I ordered a fruit plate...when you LOOKED at the fruit you could TELL the fruit was NOT ripe...WHY would you serve that to ANYONE?  I could have sent it back but it's vegas...hey you know I was racing out the door.  HOWEVER, at 330pm I DID call housekeeping and asked for the room to be cleaned.  Left the service light on as well and upon return at 900pm NO ONE came.  I called and they apologized and said someone would come.  I left for a show and when I returned it was cleaned.  Keep in mind housekeeping is 24 hours.  The shower...it's cool how the tub and shower are separate but behind the same glass.  It was hard to find a happy medium with the water temperature.  The toilet had it's own area AGAIN nice when it's more than one person in a room.  So Overall I'm gonna keep this at a 4 star...I just think for the amount of money EVERYTHING should be next to perfect, but the customer service was so WONDERFUL makes you forget about other things.  I had the chocolate covered strawberries delivered.  Where they were kept in the cooler closed at 5pm, even though I arrived AFTER midnight they went and got them for me.  :-) that was an extra touch of service.  The 24 hour housekeeping is nice as well.
3	I give aria 3.5 stars. Pros - 1) Beautiful hotel. 2) Centrally located. 3) Friendly people. 4) Good food. 5)Great shopping. Cons - 1) CHECK IN LINE TAKES FOREVER. I had to wait almost 45 min JUST TO EXTEND A NIGHT. And I would rather spend that time playing in the casino or shopping or whatever else. It's a bit pricey(but totally worth it in my opinion).2) The heater in our room didn't work either so that was a bummer. 3) Like another reviewer mentioned in their review - "There are about 30 buttons to control the room. But, I cannot find the only one that matters : the lamp" I completely agree. When I'm stumbling drunk into my room, I don't want to have to go through all the buttons on the remote that controls the room. I just want to be able to flip a switch and all the lights will be off.
4	Pro: - beautiful hotel - amazing restaurants - best room service - center of strip - best staff Cons: - many thing in rooms are broken (i.e.. bathroom door lock, mirror lights)
4	My stay at Aria was a great experience since I was staying with family and was comp 3 nights in a deluxe room.Entrance and Valet: We entered through the strip and had taken 5 minutes to drive to the valet passing the Vdara entrance. The waterfalls around the valet pick up area were a great touch for the entrance and at night they change color. Sculptures are located around the property, like the canoe sculpture out front was a sight to see.Check in: They have a check in and check out attendant to assist you with your reservations and direct you to open front desk agents. The woman who checked us in was very friendly and told us all the great things about Aria being a 5 star hotel and told us about the resort fee. Since the room was comp, the resort fee was comped as well so free WiFi for all devices (smartphone and laptop).Casino: Typical casino with no windows, air was very clean and cold, dark brown all around and dim lightning. This was not a pleasant gambling experience compared to The Mirage and Bellagio.Room: They have guards in the elevator banks to check from room keys so security is excellent. The Aria is the very modern and high tech with the video panel near the beds that controls the lights, curtains, tv and beck and call. More brown in the walls make this room less appealing and was designed that way to make you leave the room and gamble. Flat screen TV with a office area and a charging station was a great for the techy but they didn't have any outlets bedside which would've been more convenient.Bathroom: Our tub and shower was an odd design with the tub being located behind the shower. The frosted glass in the toilet area was the same thing I saw in the Flamingo Go Room, it also had separate lighting for the toilet and sink areas.Buffet: Great design with the colored tile on the walls but the food selections were a bit limited.compared to Bellagio. I ate there during lunch and dinner and still wasn't impressed. They have a view of the pool area by the dessert station and it had a great selection compared to The Mirage's Buffet. Shopping: Since you're staying in a 5 star hotel, expect $$$ stores like the Crystals mall located inside the Aria. It's nice to look at but not to shop unless you're loaded. I prefer the Miracle Mile stores in Planet Hollywood because it works with my budget and they have better selection and not too pricey.Pool Area: I can't comment on the pool since I stayed there around winter time but it looked nice.Restaurants: All pricey and even the cafe is not cheap. Overall property: It takes around 30 minutes to walk from your hotel room to the strip depending how fast you walk and it can get tiring especially in 105 heat.  This is a typical mega resort property designed to make you spend spend and the archiecure is very sleek like Wynn and Encore.Would I stay here again?Maybe if I got a good deal on the room or better comped.
3	We were here for a convention that paid for the rooms (easily $300 a night) so price wise - I can't say if it was worth it or not but I can imagine.They're really nice spacious rooms with all the amenities you need.  The robes were fun to lounge in, the beds were soft (a bit too soft for me - and their comforters are ridiculously heavy and thick), the bathroom was pretty and set up well, and the fact that you can turn on/ off the tv and lights and open/ close the curtains with just a touch of a button was cool.  Not cool was the $50 they charge you just for rearranging the stuff in the mini bar.  A coke is $5.  The cost of drinking that coke would be $55.Ordered room service.  They forgot the fries that came with BD's steak, and my Asian chicken salad was missing dressing.  The mashed potatoes were sweeter than I've ever tasted but BD's onion soup was good.The hotel is HUGE.  It's a long walk anywhere (to get ice, to go to the elevators, to get out of the hotel without a taxi) but it's nice.  The gelatos by the guest elevator were delicious.  People are friendly and helpful, everyone's dressed to impress, so on and so on.  Free wi-fi, free shuttles to certain other hotel/ casinos, free ride to the parking lot where they store oversized vehicles, super close to shopping, one block from the Strip.I'd come here again if it's on someone else's dime, for sure :)
5	We stayed at the Aria for a portion of our honeymoon and we loved it!!  The rooms are so modern, they have floor to ceiling windows, and the decor is great!  The rooms are spacious, and you really feel like you are staying in luxury.  I didn't want to leave!!  This was by far our favorite place we've stayed on the strip, and I plan to return in the future!
2	My husband and I honeymooned in Vegas and stayed at the Aria for four evenings. We were not impressed and won't stay there again. Upon check-in, they couldn't find our reservation and when they did locate what they needed, only had smoking rooms available when we specifically said no smoking. The clerk needed to find out what she could do and brought over a manager which at time this time, both ladies turned their backs to us while "discussing" the rooms. Eventually they sorted out the issue, whatever it was.  One compliment that I will give Aria is that they did upgrade us to the 50th floor with a fabulous view, due to the inconvenience.   During the rest of our stay, my poor husband kept being called by my last name each time he had to call for service, and on our honeymoon, that is a bummer, especially when this was the first trip as man and wife and I'm taking his name. We corrected them at each opportunity but it was never corrected in their system.  Biggest oops of Aria was no room service after our first evening.  Hubby and I went on a LONG Grand Canyon tour.  We left the hotel at seven in the morning and returned close to ten in the evening and the room was exactly as we left it.  This was the biggest let down of all, in all my years traveling and staying in all types of hotels I have never came back to a "messy" room. I will give Aria 2 stars due to the beautiful rooms, awesome (roomy) baths and incredible view.  The casino is beautiful, has a sweet aroma which is much different than usal casino smell and the city center is fun.  I hope that maybe since the Aria is fairly new the customer service will be fine tuned and the little details worked out because it is too pretty a hotel to miss out on, but with the nightly rate, the bar must be raised.
1	Just checked out after spending over $2000 during our stay just on room & dining, including meals at Cafe Vettro, Sirio's and Seranno's.  When we asked the surly woman at checkout why a $20 per day "resort fee" had been added to our bill, she replied "all guests pay it".  Oh really? Why don't you disclose that fee at check-in?Later on, I did find a slip of paper inside the original envelope, saying the fee would be added, but not how much it was. Why isn't that simply added to the room fee?  Sleazy.The inside of the hotel is nice enough, until they force you to walk through the smoke filled casino just to get to the elevators. Ouch!  We stayed on the 50th floor in a nice sized room, but their approach is "low light", which is ok except two of the lightbulbs didn't work, so we should have brought our own flashlight.Nice bathroom, but layout a bit odd with the bathtub behind the shower.  Have never seen that before. Best feature are the floor to ceiling windows, which offer a great view of the mountains.  The sight of the sun hitting the mountains at dawn, is one of the best things about Vegas.After we checked out we stopped for a drink at the sports bar, where a surly bartender named Tyrone, reluctantly gave us two drinks. I thanked him but he said nothing. Drinks tasted watered down. I gave him a respectable tip and he just stared into space. Hello??My negative review is largely because we stayed at the Cosmopolitan last year, which was much better. The hotel staff were much friendlier, the hotel is clearly the top property in LV - a step above the Aria - and they did not slip in a slimy resort fee..Finally, the Mlife rewards program is really poor compared to the Cosmopolitan's.  The Cosmo welcomed us back with weekend brunch at the Wicked Spoon, including unlimited Bellinis/Bloody Marys.  I mentioned that to the Mlife Player's Club and they just stared into space, like they could never even imagine that.  They even got a bit defensive and stated that the Cosmo is their main competition, but that they can't match their offers.
4	This is one of a great place to stay when your in Vegas.The rooms were fine, no problem, like other properties on the Strip. The buffett is still good, no problems and selection is fine.Will be back again in the New Year.
1	The hotel is nice.  All the restaurants are overpriced.  Just walk next door to the Monte Carlo for much cheaper and similar type food.  DO NOT ever gamble at the Aria.  Machines and tables are extremely tight.  Spent $1,000 dollars and have won about $150 total.  I will never, ever be back again.
5	Five stars because I was able to walk right into their pool without a roomkey in the middle of the afternoon in July! Thanks idiots!
5	When we arrived we were pleasantly surprised with a free upgrade to suite! Our first impression when we walked in was "WOW!" It was so beautiful inside and the room had all these modern upgrades. The room was a great size and we had an awesome view of the strip. I loved that you could control the curtains/lights/tv etc with the fancy little tablet which doubles as a remote control and alarm clock. The bed was seriously the most amazing bed I had ever slept on, so comfortable! The Aria is a beautiful place and they have some amazing restaurants onsite. They have really helpful and friendly staff on hand at all times too! We did not want to leave. I'll for sure be back!
1	This was my worst Las Vegas experience.  The Aria has to be the most overpriced, worst customer service hotel in Vegas!Bad, overpriced food, rude service (lose use of reference) staff.  Stay somewhere else...please!
4	Stayed one night last week for business. The corner suite was worth the cost to upgrade. Everything about this place was outstanding. Too bad they have a casino. I hate walking through a casino to get where I am going.Will def stay here again.
3	The room was great, clean, modern, spacious, and new.  The staff were very professional, and service was A+.  The pool area was large, and nice.  Wi-fi is included in the $28 daily resort fee.However, it was the rest of the hotel that left a lot to be desired.  With this being a top notch hotel, I expected more inside the hotel.  There was no major attraction at all.  The buffet is closed for remodel.  The show, a Circus Ole act, doesn't begin showing until November.  The bar/club we visited had $20 cover fee which included all you can drink.  The drinks were weaker than weak.  I would have rather paid full price for drinks that tasted like they had alcohol in them.  Total waste of $.For the price of this hotel, and the lack of wow factor, I think I will opt for a different hotel during my next visit.
3	Maybe it's because it's a Vegas establishment, but it's peculiar to me that the Aria would be considered a five star destination. It seems that professional reviewers may be a little easy with the stars in this city (AAA gives it five.)I've been fortunate enough to have stayed at a few five star hotels in my lifetime and none of them involved long lines, unwelcoming and even rude staff, and piss poor quality meals. Having said that, for a casino hotel the Aria is a nice, though perhaps overpriced, option for those who don't mind being repeatedly reminded that you're just another one of thousands of guests who pass through its doors on a given day. To accentuate the positives, facilities really do aim to impress and the beds are quite comfortable. If you don't mind paying the extra $30 per person / per day charge, I do recommend that you check out the spa facilities. They are perhaps the only thing that lives up to a true five star billing. Attention to detail and great customer service are signatures of any hotel worthy of a five star rating and I believe that sheer size makes it impossible for this, or maybe even any, Vegas hotel to live up to true five star status.
4	I really liked this hotel. Not a big fan of the location, city center, but from all the city center hotels , I prefer this one from all. The Aria is a better, more exciting version of the Vdara. The rooms are super cool die to a remote control controlling the entire room. From curtains, to lights and the tv. I came across a few glitches with this remote. If my bf tried turning on the lights in the suite, the light in in the bathroom would go off while I was in the shower. It was all Kinda funny!! I didn't stay here long do I didn't see the entire hotel but the casino was a nice atmosphere. Some of the few shops i saw were decent. Great dining . The room was pretty compact but cool and clean.
4	Very cool, high tech rooms!  Stayed here last June on a business trip that was for a conference being held in the Aria.  I was very impressed with the tech in the rooms.  When you first walk in, the lights come up slowly, the curtains open and the TV comes to life.  It has a very Starship Enterprise feel about it.  As you would expect in a new, top-end, Vegas hotel, the bed was very comfortable and the towels were plush and nice.  I didn't have any need to talk with the staff, so I can't comment on some of the bad experiences others had.  My check-in was quick and courteous, though.Overall, I would go back if it were a business trip but on my own dime I'd probably stay elsewhere.
1	We had friends staying at the Wynn and we were at Aria. Staff said our friends could visit us at the pool. When they arrived they were not allowed in. Management, including manager, Sally, was extremely. It messed up plans for the day for 12 people!
4	Comfortable bed and awesome tub! The layout of the bathroom was cool to me unlike some of the naysayers. I do agree that customer service is off and it doesn't seem like it's a priority here. But I can see some of the employees do try. The walking from the room to the elevator can be long and confusing and the wait for check in and check out is long. Afterall, this is a large hotel. I do appreciate the security by the elevators to ensure guest's safety, but then again, I see a lot of the security high fiving the hookers too in the lobby. Hm. Overall, a fun and great hotel I won't mind stayin in again.
3	I've only been to this place once to eat and see a show. The casino floor is really nice as well as the gaming areas.The customer service for one of their shows was horrible. All in all average newer casino.
4	I stayed here for one night with a friend while I was on the last night of my business trip. To be honest, I really wasn't that impressed. It is a nice hotel and the rooms are nice, but nothing really that special at all. I will say they had a really good gym with a lot of equipment and my friend did see Robert De Niro walking through the gym. Overall a nice hotel, nothing really flashy. I doubt I would choose to stay here on my own.
5	Beautiful ultra-modern hotel with amazing restaurants, bars, and gaming. You don't really have to leave this hotel for anything. If you do, Aria is located center strip next to everything fun. Room automation is the best around.
4	As like most high end hotels on the strip, Aria is very clean and the service is great overall.The elevators are very quick... you'll find yourself not waiting more than 20 seconds for one... at least that's what I experienced. The walk to the room from the elevator can be quite a stroll if you are towards the end of each floor. So don't be surprised if you get lost or walk up to the wrong door after a long night of "fun". I was on the 19th floor and it happened.Enter the room by using a proximity card... kudos for using new technology. No longer will you need to fight with a key or swiping a card hundreds of times or have to worry about the your data on the magnetic strip being erased when trying to get the door to open. Simply place the card on the doo-hicky above the door handle and open says-ah-me!When you walk in for the first time, the lights turn on, the curtains open, the TV turns on with your name in the corner of the display... all automatically. Very nice touch. I definitely want to get the auto-curtains for my home someday... yes, lazy.The rooms are very spacious with a king size bed and the bed itself is extremely comfortable for me. The sheets not only looked clean, but felt clean with plenty of pillows. The room temperature was accurate and easily regulated. The bathrooms are also spacious with duel sinks and marble all around. The shower was roomy and the pressure was just right. The quality of the shampoo, conditioner and shower gel was above average and were re-filled daily and towels were plentiful and also replaced daily. Housekeeping did a nice job at cleaning the rooms and even organized my toiletries after the first day of service and kept them organized.Plenty of nice restaurants to choose from and places to lounge, which I will review separately. The gaming was as expected.I would definitely return.
3	The casino-hotel is beautiful, clean and modern. The checkin and checkout is unusually a long process. Why cant such a modern hotel have automated or TV checkout..beats me! Also watch out for the hidden "resort $25 fee" per day. Now that they  have added shows that place is packed even on a non eventful weekend. The walk to the rooms is a long one, so if you are coming back from a late night binge be sure to double check the corridor you go into, it can be a long walk back ;)The rooms are impeccable, with remote tablet controlled switches, music, curtain, lights..the geek in me was super excited. On the down side they dont refill the shampoos and lotions until they are completely empty!Its a 10 min ride to/from the airport, the staff is courteous. Casino part is nice, less smoked up than the other ones, just means great ventillation system.  High end tables no $5/10 tables even after 3am, but lots of new betting games which is kind of nice. ATM charges $6 for withdrawals so come prepared with the buckaroos. Its on the pricey side to stay/eat/bet, but if you there on someone else's dime why not!
5	I Love you ARIA. I truly do.  I already knew you were pretty and shiny, two of my favorite things. But you also have a whole lot of wonderful going on  as well. I must say that driving up to you , ARIA , is a feast for the eyes, gorgeous modern buildings with visuals extras such a beautiful fountain, great statue and clean cirular drive add to your visuals.  From the start ,we were greated and treated well. Everywhere we went the staff greeted us and acted liked they enjoyed their work . The valets were courteous and listen to our needs . ( not all my encounters with valets are that nice ) Bell hops, clerks and other various workers greeted us , smiled and acted friendly. Thank you Aria , not all Hotels do that anymore. The lobby and entry into Aria is modern yet there is a warmth created by the use of earthy decorations  such as leafy screens and tree structures that were soft in their design. Mettalic structures and decorations abound yet they are soft in circular in their look.  Also I swear they pump in the smell of vanilla in the Casino , smart  move ARIA  , makes me feel welcomed, hungry and relaxed all at the same time.  I was surprised when I finally arrived at my room (it's a bit of a trek , one of the furthest from the elevators, not a big deal to me but to some it would be offputting).  The technologically advanced  room  is a fun  , the automatic opening of curtains, mood music, and a personalized welcome written out on the TV screen are neat touches. We had a view of lights from a windowed wall of our room , beautiful buildings and it felt amazing to look out and see the strip. The rooms at the Aria are clean, modern, and pleasant, the maid service went beyond clean  she even organized my Diet Coke cans!! ...Loved the button that highlights outside the door whether you want privacy or the room cleaned. They have all of the amenities you'd expect from such a fancy/high end hotel.  The bed is super comfortable and the blackout curtains are pretty amazing.  Great robes and toiletries too! The bathroom is like a mini spa..You have a  marbled shower room that has a sunken tub. Aria, I love you ! I could have stayed in there forever.You need to know  that the Aria is huge - if you go here, be prepared to do a lot of walking.  Be prepared to do a lot of spending $$  for munching also;.  Everything at this hotel is pricey including the coffee shops, restaurants, bars, in-room snacks, etc... I highly recomend the Jean Phillippe Pastry shop downstairs , they make it tough to not have a decadent goodie.
4	so we got this through hotwire and it was a 5 star option. i would debate this place is truly 4.5 stars and ive worked at a 5 star place beforegood:very modern decorgreat dining options including sageservice standards are PHENOMENAL and thats where i clearly see the 5 starsgreat casinoalways hot water instantlyshower greatbad:-bed was way way too soft and usually i'll sleep on anything but way too soft. also the left third of my bed felt downhill-toliet ran off and on all nighthotel was a 4 and the service standards a 5. their shopping stores are in Crystals which is all high end
5	Best turn down service - the Housekeeping staff is fabulous from the mints to ice in the bucket when you come back.  The rooms are nice first time I had seen the tub on the other side of the shower stall.  The hotel  in general with the fresh scented air to the upscale vibe that doesn't leave you wanting a shower after entering would make this a fist choice on the next trip to Vegas.
4	I love staying at this hotel because of the modern design and layout. I think it is more suited for younger crowds with all the technology and gadgets located in the rooms. Everything from the t.v. to the curtains opens when you first enter the room. So many crazy buttons to press, but that's what makes things fun. The beds and pillows are really comfortable and they have a flat screen t.v. with all these ports! I suggest bringing an HDMI cable if you want to play any movies or shows from your laptop onto the big flat screen. This place is also good since it is kind of located in the middle of the strip so it is easy to get to the nearby hotels. I would stay here again on my next visit.
5	AMAZING!!! We just spent the weekend at Aria & could not believe how wonderful it is. Both of us agree that this is the best treatment by staff we have ever, ever experienced. Everyone was polite, helpful & went out of their way to make sure things were as perfect as possible. The room was gorgeous-modern, clean, comfy. The fact that the room is electronically controlled (e.g., the curtains, temp control etc) by an iPad type screen is awesome! Turndown service was wonderful. The casino is nice too. Not as smokey as some. Sports & book area are great! Much more comfortable than most sports book areas. Seriously...cannot say enough good about this place!!!! LOVE ARIA!!!
4	Spent Thanksgiving, Black Friday, and the Saturday nights (3 nights) here in Aria. The total cost for all three nights was a little over 400.The rooms had RFID keys, so you could just wave the key to unlock your door. The room was a decent size with automatic curtains, two queen size beds, large closet space, and a roomy bathroom. The bathroom's lock was broken, so there was no way we could lock the door. It was also a slide door, which I felt could've been better. Inside the bathroom you will see a shower with translucent glass doors and semi-opaque divider/door for the toilet. You can't see the person using the toilet, perhaps their shadow at most.There were usb ports and electrical outlets by the desk. The hi-speed internet was also relatively fast. There was also a touchscreen that controlled various electronics in the room, but I am unsure of its specific functions since I left it untouched. My complaint would have to be that the desk is located right beneath the flat-screen television. It made it somewhat awkward to use the desk when people were watching tv.
3	This is our first time staying here. We loved the atmosphere in the casino so we switched to here this year. First impression was wow nice room. A bit on the small side but its vegas. I just stayed at the Hyatt in Nashville $200 a night this is close but no cigar. Here is why the bed and I can't stress that enough. If you are staying in a red roof motel 6 ect this would be your average bed. This is why I don't stay at these hotels. That and they are usually a little on the dirty side.  Lets get back to the bed first night laid down and the bed sagged so bad that you felt like you would slid right onto the floor. Went to front desk and they offered to switch it out. Went back last night I think they jus spun the mattress. When you spend this kind of money the mattress should be top of the line not old saggy and soft. The control in the room cool but not real functional. It is very slow to respond and is not very intuitive at all. It is a neat concept but for me the thing is so slow I would rather toss it out the window. Not a deal breaker for me but it is frustrating to use. I think they should look at the iPad and take some pointers. Overall I am not real impressed. The staff is very nice but that is the way it is at every hotel I have ever stayed at with this type of price. So what sets it apart? I haven't figured that out yet and if I can't before we leave in five days I will stay somewhere else in 2 week and in February when I come back. My wife says I am a hotel snob maybe she is right. I do spend a lot of time in them and mostly Wyndham or Hyatt. I don't mind paying the higher rate but when I do my expectations are higher as well. Bottom line if your 20 something you won't care you'll be to drunk to notice the mattress anyways. If you in your 30's or 40's and past that stage it may make a difference at the price level. Me I think I am going to try the Wynn.
4	This resort was simply gorgeous!!  We spent a lot of time in Aria while we were there even though we were not guests of the hotel!!  We spent time at Liquid for a pool party and even partied in the Gold Lounge!!  I totally enjoyed spending time in Aria!!
4	This hotel was really nice. One thing I did not know about Vegas is you don't have to pay for overnight parking at hotels....any hotels. It is free. That is HUGE considering hotels usually charge a lot for that. We stayed on the 31st floor and we were near the elevator which I was told we lucked out b/c it can be a long walk. Having our kiddos with us they brought a crib to our room and gave us shampoo, soap and lotion for the kids. That was a great touch!!! The only reason not for the 5 stars was because on the day of check out after we spent the morning at the pool the water was not working in our room. The whole floor was out of water!! SOOO after waiting 3 hours in our room for it to come back on I finally had to just get dressed and fly all gross from the pool. That was really frustrating.
4	pimp ass hotel....clean, friendly , good location rooms are clean and they have the housekeeping that comes twice to clean on the room....the pool was eh but other then that shit was mad kool...
4	Very clean, casino isn't very smoky they have a great duct system. The beds OMG to die for...I swear I had the best sleep in ages. The room is ultra modern everything is handled from the remote control. The spa was OK not wonderful. I had to hear about the massage therapists dead dogs I wasn't thrilled with that especially when I was there to relax but otherwise it was great :)
2	I stayed here for a work thing, and was only in my room to sleep and in the conference center for meetings. The conference center was fine - at least they had climate control and internet access.  Not much to say there. The room itself... meh.   The hallway to get there was incredibly l...o...n...g...   and had recently had the carpets clean, so the hallway smelled musty.  The room itself was lovely to look at, and had a fancy device to control the curtains, lighting, music, and I think the tv.   The annoying thing though is that it's wired, and has a short wire, so it's like the really old days of having to sit on the edge of the bed to make a land-line call.  That side of the bed was seriously indented from people sitting there and presumably playing with the gadget.  Bleh. It's not a bad hotel, it's just too big and overwhelming, and yet lacking in redeeming qualities for my tastes. On the upside, certain suites have fancy Japanese toilets, if that's your thing.  (We had an informal meeting in the suite of the person at our office who organized it, and thus she got the perks.) Also, the mouthwash is fantastic.  I wasn't a connoisseur of mouthwash before, but this didn't sting like the medicine-y stuff, and didn't taste like it had artificial sweetener, since it had organic spearmint oil.  Sadly, the bottle didn't say who made it for the hotel, so I am not sure how to buy my own.
3	I came here with 5 friends for a guys trip last November and I loved the decor. Very classy in and around the main floor. Service was just okay, nothing spectacular, as it seemed like they were a little bit understaffed. The rooms were certainly highlighted by their famous beds that are out of this world comfortable. The rest of the hotel and room details were just average, a little disappointing. Overall I would likely come back, but would rather spend the extra few bucks and stay at Cosmo right next door.
4	The gizmo to control the room was kinda annoying by modern gadgetry standards though the intent was well meaning... Blinds opening as an alarm clock is a sweet way to wake up since its always light outside in Vegas. The bed was comfortable, the room was nice and the value for money was great.  Last time we stayed at Encore and this room was on the same level though a few small touches would give Encore the edge if price was equal.  But since Aria was a better value we are quite happy we went with it.
5	You haven't stayed at Aria... Until you have stayed in the Sky Suites. All I can say is wow wow wow. Our 1 bedroom suite was amazing and the views were insane! This suite had your main master bathroom that had a shower with a steam room feature and a soaking tub. His and hers sinks... The bathroom alone was probably the size of a regular room. Oh and u have to love a heated toilet seat.... C'mon. As some of the other reviews mentioned they have automatic curtains controlled via remote along with the lighting and anything else u could imagine.  They also had a good night and morning feature so at certain times various things could turn on or off depending on how you set them. The furnishings in the apartment (any hotel room over 1000 sq ft with various living spaces is an apt... Lol) were well done and very modern. Kudos to ur interior designer! The separate lobby entrance for the Sky Suites made you feel special along with the separate shorter line cards that they gave you for the delicious Cafe. The unlimited wine, sodas and water and snacks were delicious in the lounge area of the Sky Suites. I can just go on and on about this place truly an unforgettable experience! There is no place else to stay to me in Vegas, but Aria Sky Suites!! I will be back!
4	Beautiful hotel, very clean and nice rooms, and everything else you'd expect from a glitzy hotel like Aria. Front desk is friendly and quick, a pretty rare thing at big hotels. I really love the awesome curtain alarm where you can set your curtains to open at a certain time and whatnot. Essentially makes the room into your alarm clock. The one thing I'd have to complain about is the really strong perfume whiff that you get when walking on the casino floor. It smells like vanilla perfume that a stripper named candy or star would wear.
4	Aria is one of my favorite hotels on the strip and there aren't too many on that list.Check-In desk was very efficient. They call & let you know when your room is available if you happen to check in before 3 PM and your room is not ready. You can check out on your tv so there's not need to wait in line again to check out.My room was very clean like the rest of the hotel, and my bed was super comfortable. There's a remote control for everything in the room (lights, tv, curtain, etc.) The best feature is that it memorizes all of your settings after you turn everything off and leave the room.I enjoyed the spa & cabana by the pool at Aria. We had a company meeting here and the catered food by Aria was amazing. I highly recommend this service.I didn't rly like the strong vanilla smell in the lobby and casino area but to each his own.
3	Again, it's a casino, the deco is different.  Just passing through.  I liked the vibe.  There's a lot to look at here at Aria,  It's a good place to take your guest when your doing the tourist thing.  I'm going to have to come back and explore, when I'm in the mood to really act like a tourist.
5	We stayed here last week and it was excellent!  From checking in to check out, everything was smooth.Our suite was clean and well decorated.  The bed is comfortable and everything you need is in the room.  The robes provided were the best I've ever worn in any hotel.  Gonna see if I can get one! :-)The decor of the casino floor was modern.  The elevators were super fast (even though we were on the top floor).  Service was great!  So many great restaurants inside Aria that I didn't get to try it all (yet!).Room service is great!  The food was well made and fresh.  Portions are huge!  If you stay here and order breakfast, you have to try the blueberry pancakes.   They are amazing!!!For those that come to Vegas for work or have to have Wi-Fi, they have free Wi-fi!!I love staying here and will be back!
5	Wow. I love this place. Stayed here for my wife's 40th Birthday back in November. When we checked in, a room on the 3rd floor was assigned to us. Maria at the front desk was very helpful and graciously found us the same room (corner suite) but on the 35th floor. The staff everywhere im the hotel was very friendly. I love the modern decor and features throughout the entire hotel. I especially liked the fact that it was not to crowded either on the casino floor. The Cosmopolitan next door was packed and full of action, but it was not as clean as the Aria's casino floor. For us, the Aria is the type of place to stay at that is so comfortable that we did not feel the need to go and loiter anywhere else. We will be back again!
4	It's sleek, chic and modern with state-of-the-art amenities. We came to Vegas for our anniversary and booked our room for three nights back in November. They have several VIP and weekend packages, and we opted for the $100 buy-back option. You can spend $100 on any outlet to charge to your room and can get compensated for it. Pretty good deal, I might say. All in all, I was pretty impressed by Aria. The Lobby/Front Desk area was decorated in fall-themed motif and gives it a welcoming experience. It's pretty spacious and not too cluttered unlike in some other hotels. My only negative comment is the provided seatings weren't too comfortable. They could be museum-piece seatings, but not too friendly on the tush. There is a huge waterfall element designed outside the building that has a calming and relaxing effect. Security were stationed in every Elevator Landing so that is a plus in my book. I hate the smell of cigarette smoke, but walking thru their casino was pretty bearable even with plenty of smokers sucking on their cancer sticks was on every table. It wasn't fresh air by all means, but the ventilation unit did its job. They have several bars, restaurants, a buffet, clubs and a Jean Phillipe Chocolatier. You can also catch a Cirque Du Soleil show called Zarakana. Concierge and Front Desk were friendly and efficient. Didn't have to deal with Valet since they have a self-park option. (I don't like dealing with Valets since dings and dents always magically appear out of nowhere every time I deal with them) Luckily, I found a parking spot on the 2nd floor near the exit leading to the bridge. The parking stalls are pretty spacious and they have several floors that could easily fit thousands of cars. The room - What can I say?First their key cards are the latest generation and integration of a microchips key access card that doesn't require you to insert the card into a slot. Just wave the card in front of the door handle unit and voila. As soon as you open the door, the mood lights and music turn on simultaneously and the curtain automatically opens to give you a wonderful view of the strip. It's pretty breathtaking and gets you in the mood for some bump-n-grind if you're thinking with your other head. Subliminal? Nah...these guys know what they're doing for sure. You can also control the lighting, TV, music, curtain, temperature and almost everything else inside the room with a touch of a button or with the remote control. Everything is fully integrated and we even have free Wi-Fi in the room. The shower head in the bathroom is effin enormous and spacious and the even the bathtub. The toilet is located on the side and you can do your business in private. I also love the texture of their towels. And lastly, we happen to bump into Hunter Pence during breakfast and took a picture with him. My smile must have been as wide as the Grand Canyon.
4	=)  What more can I say!!  Just look at my pics !By far the best hotel I've stay in Vegas. Way better than Mandalay Bay !
5	The Aria is NOT CAMPY like many of the other hotels in Las Vegas.  It doesn't need to create an illusion of being somewhere else other than Nevada (think The Venetian).   Tourists will be impressed by The Venetian for different reasons.  Folks who have never been to Venice will feel that they're in Venice and be dazzled.   Others who have been to the real Venice will be impressed by the high quality recreation.  Think Walt Disney World.   The Aria is much more sophisticaed and subtle....check out the cacti garden in front of the Jean George Steakhouse and large blocks of raw granite interspersed throughout the property.  This is a GREEN hotel....that in itself is a great statement.
5	Luxury. PURE Luxury.Everything about the Aria Hotel was thought out, from the food selection to the signature vanilla scent in the lobby, there is nothing mundane about Aria. Be prepared to be swept off of your feet by the service, the location, and the amenities. When you enter your room it is ALL systems are a go. The automated curtains draw back to let in the amazing view, the lights turn on, and you can even program it to que up your favorite music. The bed was to die for, so comfortable. The bathroom has both a HUGE tub and a HUGE shower, and they are both behind the same door which is a new concept I've never seen before but was a really nice feature. If you are sharing the room with a friend, have no fear, there are two large wardrobe closets, plenty of drawers, and of course the standard desk/nightstand. The room is the epitome of high tech. Not only do the key cards to get in the door operate via touch, everything in the room can be controlled by one central remote; but be careful, this lead to me turning off the house lights instead of the TV while my friend was in the shower haha. I also visited the pool during my stay. The water was the perfect temperature and super refreshing in contrast to the desert heat. Plenty of chairs to lay out, and they are not at a shortage of sun rays for your tan. As far as clubbing and going out, it is just a short walk or cab ride to the best clubs in town, and the taxi line was NEVER longer than 5 people, which was great, and we were there over Halloween Weekend. Overall, my time spent at Aria was amazing, and by best Las Vegas hotel experience to date. Great location, Great Service, Beautiful hotel.
5	Stunning, impressive, classy are just a few words to describe the Aria.  I was comped 2 free nights and decided to take them up on it.  From check in to check out my experience there was 5 stars!  The room was beautifully decorated.  Loved walking in the room and lights go on, curtains automatically open up and music comes on!  Nice touch!  I was amazed at all the exquisite restaurants on this property.  So many meals, so little time!  lol  Every single staff member I spoke to was friendly, nice, smiling, and helpful!  Aria has a very happy, highly trained staff there!   I highly recommend the Aria for a true luxury Vegas experience!
5	It's like a big box electronics store had sex with high hotel, and gave birth to a baby and named it Aria.  My gf and I went here for our anniversary weekend and could not have been happier.Note: I don't gamble.  Nor does my gf.  We go to Vegas for the food, amenities and to take much needed reality breaks from home.  Aria was a welcome respite!!  The hotel lobby was clean and the place seemed packed.  Not sure how they deal with the usual smoke we're bombarded with at other hotels in Vegas - but Aria had dealt with it very well.Valet was quick and courteous.  The folks at the front desk were personable and chipper, even after dealing with gawd knows how many people.  The room was clean and the tech was mind blowing.For damned sure we would go back.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!Rooms: Regular guestrooms are very spacious and modern. The doors to the restroom actually lock. Beds are comfortable. You need a guest key to get passed security. Separate elevators so you get up and down the rooms quickly.Restaurants: Great variety of casual dining and upscale dining.Front Desk: Always cheerful when I'm checking in even in the middle of the night. They always strike up conversations while helping you rather than just greeting you, getting your information, and sending you off.Casino: LOVE the dealers. They're so funny and always involved in the game. I was thrown off by the strong vanilla scent in the air but after having stayed here a few times, that scent has grown on me. Smells like I'm home every time I walk in there and take a wift of that wooden vanilla.Shopping: Expensive. Surprising? No. Very nice to walk around and window shop. It's brightly lit and well decorated. Very open walkways. Absolutely beautiful casino and wonderful staff. Highly recommend staying and playing here.
5	This place is amazing! Great service, friendly staff, and gorgeous architecture. Thanks to all the staff at Aria, we plan to celebrate many more anniversaries here.
5	This is my second time staying at Aria to celebrate my birthday with my girlfriends, overall experience is great. Pros-Front desk:always cheerful and polite.Room: Corner room Strip-view on the 22nd floor.love their memory foam mattress and pillow, you can purchase them at the hotel. Surprise:I had a plate of complimentary birthday dessert with a card shows " happy birthday! " delivered to my room, sweet.Securities: security man and hotel staffs are well-trained , makes me feel pampered.Cons-small rooms : compared to palazzo/venetian, rooms in aria are tiny.nice hotel with hight quality of service.
5	I'm super picky on my hotels, but boy did Aria deliver.  From the valets to the front desk folks to the maids, everyone was beyond friendly, helpful and chipper.  I really felt welcomed and at home by everyone we encountered.The hotel itself is one of my favorites - sleek and modern design with fabulous art throughout to gawk at.  They were re-doing the carpet in the casino when we checked in and it was impressive to see how quickly and unobtrusively they worked - they really get how to take care of their clientele in every situation.Our room was perfect - not the largest room of our Vegas trip, but definitely the best appointed.  The bathrooms are great (and lock if that's important to you) with a glassed in shower with rainfall shower head that is also right next to a giant bath tub.The room's lights, temperature, television and window curtain / sheers are all operated by computer - handy for wake ups and the chronically lazy who hate getting out of bed to shut off that far lamp at night.My only complaint about our Aria stay was that I felt like my belongings (toiletries in the bathroom, laptop / power cables / work stuff on the desk) were man handled way more than I'm used to.  I get wanting to tidy up and replenish soap and water glasses, but I've never had a cleaning crew actually 'put away' things for me (as in -- put some of my toiletries into drawers and try to stuff the rest in a make up bag I left on the counter ---- they even piled papers and unplugged my computer to put on the chair so they could move hotel brochures back into their original place on the desk.  REALLY inconvenient as I was returning for a work conference call that I had set everything up for).The only reason I mention this is that when moving all of my toiletries (multiple days in a row) a bottle of my perfume was broken after apparently falling out of my make up bag that I had zipped before leaving (weird) AND my glasses were bumped and had fallen into the trash.  The hotel responded amazingly well and took care of me to the max around the smashed perfume, but....  it still kept happening (even after I left a note politely asking the cleaning crew to take it easy).I will absolutely be back, but will be sure to spend more time putting away my stuff before heading out each day.  Aria is a fabulous place to be!!
2	My girl friend and I stayed at Aria for 5 days over Christmas in a Corner Suite. We have previously stayed at the Bellagio which we would give 5 stars if not for all the transient people visiting and walking through the hotel....for which it deserves a 3.5 though I do respect that the Bellagio cannot exactly restrict traffic through their main lobby to those who are guests and those who have money to burn....but they should...I digress. We chose to stay at the Aria to continue to accumulate MLife points with the hope that it would be less busy.Overall review:1) Clean lobby, helpful staff, we requested the $30 fee for early check-in as our flight arrived at 10:30 am. Apparently this was missed but after a quick phone call they found us a room and chose not to charge us the fee, least they could do.2) Hotel is very appealing asthetically, very modern but does not have some of the crowd appeal that the Bellagio has. However, this does lend to lower traffic in the otherwise high traffic areas and fewer stragglers from other hotels visiting for a picture.3) The room was great. Well appointed, great technology, she loved the bath, bath towels, robes, shower, and many ammenities offered within the room such as a separate fridge and seating area, plus the heated toilet seat in the main bathroom.4) Restaurants were decent though I would not consider them top of the shelf. Service was okay, food good, and of course the restaurants themselves were structurally very appealing.5) I think they either did or attempted to clean our room at least 3-4 times a day. If we were out for longer than two hours we always arrived to a clean room with all of the ammenities replaced. When we slept or spent slightly more than 3 hours in the room at a time the comment card on our door made it clear that they intended to clean our room once again however do to its occupancy they could not. Very nice.CONS:1) Pillow chocolates....Jean Philippe Patissererie is right next to the main elevators. We bought many of the chocolates and enjoyed a couple crepes on separate occasions. However, unlike the Bellagio the simple pleasure of a chocolate waiting for you on your pillow when you get back to your room was not possible at Aria. Strange...to Aria Management you are a 5 star hotel with a deluxe chocolatier in your main casino and yet you choose not to offer a single chocolate to your guests and in particular to my amazing girlfriend who loves the simple pleasure of a single small chocolate. For Shame,With the exception of the single CON I am certain this hotel deserves at least 4.5 and possibly 5 stars. However, the small insigificant details should not be overlooked if one is willing to pay a significant price for said accomodations, and expects 5 star service.We will likely attempt a visit at the Cosmopolitan next door in April or June...if details were not important we would risk our lives and stay at the Excalibur.
5	Okay so was 2 out of 5 and now...they brought chocolates. This equals girlfriend happy so upgrade to 5 out of 5. Thanks Aria best hotel ever! No longer planning a stay at the Cosmopolitan :)Note, if you miss the chocolates all you need to do is call housekeeping and they literally send you over 20 chocolates...
1	I've been to all of the City Center hotels and ARIA has been by far the WORST experience I've ever had.Upon arrival, I was greeted unpleasantly by the worker.  She had my girlfriend and I wait due to their computers being down.  We waited with other guests for 20 minutes then came back to the counter where she didn't even apologize for the wait.I ignored it and just wanted to get to my room.  We get our keys and go to the room and our room was already booked.  Someone was inside our room (30159).  It turns out the girl wrote the room number wrong on our card, it was suppose to be 30156.  REALLY? Are you really that dumb? I felt it was deliberate and came down and complained about her rudeness and our situation.The new person was nicer and apologized and said she'd credit me 28 dollars back to my card for the resort fees.  Total lie. When I left after our 2 nights stay, they still charged me for the full resort fees for both days.  This is the worst experience I've ever had at City Center.  Vdara, Mandarin Oriental and Cosmo were FAR superior in customer service and handling situations.  I cannot recommend this hotel and I will not be staying/visiting again.
4	2 nights during Christmas.  We decided to stay there for the zarkana cirque sole deal.   For around $360 we get 2 nights and 2 show tickets.   When checking in, I did the $20 tip for an upgrade and the receptionist told me we were automatically upgraded to a corner suite.Suite was incredible probably the nicest room we've stayed in @ Vegas.Great controls of lighting, temperature, and bathroom facilities.  Views of cosmo galore.  We could hear when there were ambulances and sadly I heard a lot of them.  Resort fees $25 plus a resort fee tax of $3 per day got you free wifi, newspaper hanging on your door in the morning.  Didn't check out the fitness room or the pool bc it was cold.Aria really shines in all the restaurants inside and the proximity to crystals which also had other restaurants and shops.  Go to the pastries shop next to the guest elevator.  My wife got the do Che leche crepe good stuff.Negatives: buffet I heard was not very good so had to go to another place for it.  The self parking garage is too far from the guest elevators.  Wouldnt hurt to make carrying your luggage to your room easier. Lastly lots of smoke, could get better ventilation.Overall, very nice stay that we will finitely remember.  It being a central location and trams to bellasio and ease to walk to Caesars etc... Make this place a slam dunk for people who want to be in the middle of it all.
4	Ah, my 150th review - what better place to review then my paradise, Vegas?I'll admit that somehow I thought I was booking a suite at the Encore and not at the Aria (completely separate ends of the strip, different owners, different vibe, different everything), so while I was initially disappointed over my mix up, I quickly became excited after my arrival. My boyfriend and I always book at the Cosmopolitan (next door to the Aria) but we couldn't get in that weekend so I played around on Expedia to find good deals on an awesome suite...which I did at the Aria - the corner suite.At 1,100 square feet, there was an entrance hall, a guest bathroom, a dining area, a living room, a ginormous master bathroom and bedroom. Did I mention the windows were floor to ceiling? It was pretty sweet, especially with all the high tech toys involved (I am a bit worried that all houses are going to be controlled by one remote like this though, which does not bode well for me considering I kept asking Bryan how to use the remote). And the best part? The suite was just a fraction more than a suite half the size at the Cosmo - and a bit nicer. Aside from the suite, the staff was really helpful. I arrived early and since my room wasn't ready, I decided to sit at the bar and play video blackjack (but more importantly drink for free). I chatted with the bartender for awhile and he gave me the good champagne, like the really good stuff. Granted, I was playing high bets, but I still appreciated the gesture. My only complaint was that they don't have enough restaurants that are opened before lunch (and even the lunch options are scarce). We only had one place at the Aria to eat breakfast but it was so crowded that we went to other casinos to eat every day. I don't know if the Aria will be our new go-to place, but I would definitely love to stay here again, especially in that suite.
1	Decided to stay here in Vegas for a staycation we chose the Aria Hotel and Casino because of $100 dining credit that came with the two nights during Christmas.  Upon check-in they told me I didn't have any $100 credit voucher when I clearly booked for one.  After telling them how I booked and how it was all over the internet when I booked the hotel manager on duty still did not honor my credit.  He told me I could cancel my reservation if I wanted to.  How rude?  Really??? I am already to check in and he tells me to cancel.  I was already upset upon checking in so I knew it wasn't going to be a great experience after 45 min. of trying to argue for my credit.  Oh well...I checked in to the rooms anyway because I wont let this incident ruin my stay.  After checking in they did call to say they honor it but I was already upset and so was my wife.  Definitely not 5 star service.  Valet was awful as well since they didn't open the doors for my wife and family and just threw the keys on the seats.  I felt like they just want the tip and not give a real experience.  Overall I think the property was beautiful but the customer here sucks!!!I will definitely not be returning here for future stay.
1	I will admit, at first I was impressed with the modern look of the resort and the rooms were beautiful.  I liked the security at the elevators also...the checking of the key cards gave me a sense of safety....BOY WAS I WRONG!!!My husband and I stayed there October 2012 ...the pool was lovely, the room service was quick...everything seemed great.  Then, on the last day when we were packing to go home, we realized that one of our shopping bags was missing! $300.00 of merchandise STOLEN!!!  We contacted the maid service...nothing. We contacted the front desk...nothing.  We contacted the loss prevention dept...nothing.  Security said they would have to look into it.  We gave them times, dates everything they needed to find out what happened to the bag....one month later, we received a letter from the resort stating that they had done a full investigation, and found no wrong doing.  WHAT!???  Doesn't act like a "5star resort" to me!!To make a long story short, DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU DON'T WANT YOUR THINGS STOLEN!!!!!PERIOD
5	It's hard not to like this place since its so new and clean. From the moment you enter the lobby, sweet smelling oxygen greets you. The check-in/-out process is much more painful than it was on my first visit two years ago, but clearly they are busier than when they first opened. There is a nice selection of places to eat and shop, with a very high-end mall attached. The pool area is incredible. Even the conference rooms are very nice. Rooms are spacious with large shower and bath plus a separate toilet enclosure. The high-tech features of the lighting on the TV is a nice touch. I will always try to stay here when in Vegas.
4	This was my first trip to Las Vegas, and I was pleasantly surprised with my stay at Aria.  I'm not a big traveler, so the price of things in the dessert was a bit overwhelming.  However, the money spent on my three nights were no waste.  Lovely rooms, nice furnishings and friendly service.  You can remote control most electric things in the room, including the curtains, lights and tv.  I was disappointed in the lack of food options in the morning as the buffet hadn't reopened yet and my shower/tub had water and hair in it when I arrived.  Other than that, as I only used the hotel for sleeping and breakfasts, I was happy with my stay.  And the Cirque du Soliel show was amazing!
4	- I like it because it's brand new, very mod, and part of the CityCenter complex.
4	loved this beautiful hotel!nice staff!...great location....next to "crystal"...if you love to shop =)I will come back again!
4	In terms of newness and luxury, it is an overall fantastic hotel and casino. The architecture, the design, the engineering, the attention to decore details, etc, all topnotch and extravagant. Hotel layout is very nice; location within City Center is great. Room was luxurious, and high attention to detail was defnitely put forth in designing and constructing. Room can fully be controlled by a central touch-screen console on the night stand! Staff is very friendly and willing to help.Now for the not-so-good stuff:Check in/out line is the same line, which makes for chaos and delays. Lengthy checkin time (over 30 mins) on Sun afternoon 12/23/12. Again very lengthy checkout time (over 30 mins) on Tue morning (Xmas Day) 12/25/12.Wanna gamble? Better bring more than one paycheck ... most table games were $50 minimums, limite tables with $25 minimums.Maybe it was bc of the Christmas weekend, but there were long lines and crowds everywhere...Overall, a very nice upscale hotel/casino.
5	Loved this hotel. Absolutely Loooooved it!The rooms are nice and modern. Tv, lights and curtains are managed via remote control thru the tv which is really cool. The staff is friendly and kind. Regarding the restaurants:1) Spanish food: Julian Serrano: two thumbs up. Delicious. Waiters get. Little bit In your face though.2) Italian: Sirio: another two thumbs. Yummie Italian food and desserts. 3) cafe Vettro: nice and practical. Lots of options to choose in the menu. Open 24 hours.4) dessert and pastries: Jean Philippe: some of the staff is rude but the pastries and the coffee mmm mmmm good.5) the buffet: did not like it at all. Staff is really nice. But the options I thought where few and not that good.TIPSDAILY SERVICE FEE:  Yes the hotel charges a 25 dlls daily service fee which includes, wifi, daily newspaper, gym and phone calls. Which by the way Vegas is doing is, pretty reasonable. Just make sure you make you get the 25 dlls worthFREE TRAM: there is a free tram that takes you to crystals shopping center and Monte Carlo. This tram is really useful when coming back from Bellagio or Caesars Palace.I recommend this hotel, best price if bought in a package.
5	Mlife has brought me here repeatedly and I always enjoy my stay!Aria is a modern and gorgeous hotel with the friendliest staff!  Known for being the greenest hotel on The Strip, Aria is truly a great place the stay at --- my preferred place to stay at!  The rooms are clean, the beds are inviting, and it's very modern and chic.  Everything is controlled by a bedside tablet and it's convenient.  I love how the tub and shower are connected so you can splash around [be it single or with a partner] and not have to worry about making a mess.  ;)  Jean Phillippe Patisserie is right downstairs and they have some truly delicious sweet treats.  The Buffet at Aria is also pretty spectacular and they have a 24-hr cafe to cure your drunken cravings.  And being a short-walk to Monte Carlo's monorail is definitely a plus.  It's connected to Crystals after all!  Hey, a girl loves to shop.Anyways, while The Cosmopolitan has definitely stolen some of the lime light, I prefer the friendlier Aria staff and people compared to the snobby Cosmo staff.  The guests here are generally not as snooty too.  Only downside is there's not much to offer entertainment-wise.  Oh well.  That's why you visit Vegas, right?  Walk The Strip and be seen!
4	booked 3 nights the day after xmas so the price was pretty reasonable for a 4 star hotel.  but they do charge 28 dollars per night for a resort fee...but i think all hotels do that...so can't blame them for that.  if you book during weekends or peak times, it could get pretty pricey.  we booked a single bed room, standard room.  we checked in pretty late, after midnight, but the check in line was pretty long and was going slow.  only 2 to 3 employees at the desk...for a hotel of this magnitude i expected more...but thats fine your in vegas for fun so can't let that bother you.  when we got to the room we were very happy with the room.   one thing about the room is they try to be all high tech with a tablet sorta thing by your bed that can control everything in your room such as tv, lights, alarm, etc.  although i really enjoyed the tablet, sometimes the reaction time to the touch would be slow that it would be easier to just do it yourself manually.  although turning on and turning off lights thats where the tablet feature helped a lot.  the room was clean, and everything looked new since this hotel overall is pretty new.  the bed was awesome, very soft, and they use a really deep pillow top bed.  house keeping was nice and attentive, so no problems there.  we dont gamble so can't say if the gaming is good or not.  some negatives about the hotel:  if your driving to vegas, getting to the hotel can be a pain since you have to go through the strip for the parking lot, unlike many other hotels such as planet hollywood where you can park  on the side streets so you could avoid the strip.  several more negatives:  seems like you can't use the fridge, they might charge a few i believe, so we ended up not using the fridge for some snacks we bought.  overall, nice 4 star hotel, nice room, would only come back if the price was right.
4	Stayed in the Deluxe King room with the strip view, its truly a sight to behold. From the automatic curtains, heater, TV, lights, everything is controlled by a remote, welcome to the future. The bathrooms are very clean and nice, with huge glass doors, and a tub next to the shower, and two sinks. Dont bother ordering room service on a busy day, it takes up to an hour to get service. Getting to the rooms can be a little confusing, they have 4 separate elevator sections with each section taking you up to certain floors. Walls are a little thin, because sometimes you can hear noises through the walls.I got a 100 credit for staying 3 nights, which is pretty nice. They have a really good dessert cafe, and crepes/sorbet is a must try. We also watching Zarkana cirque du soleil, featuring all the acrobatic performances, from juggling, to cage walking, walking on ropes, etc. Its very easy to get lost in here. A minus that their gym closes so early at 8pm i think, but they do have a pretty decent gym. Great hotel, great price, I think the pros outweigh the cons in this place not quite perfect but better than average!
3	I've stayed at the Aria about 6 times now for business and pleasure. I stay because it's clean (except for my last stay...room was very dusty) and modern. Cons: Aria wants to cater to higher socio economic status people, tables are on the higher end. they will charge you $25 a day for maid service, even if you don't have your room cleaned.  All restaurants are overpriced (except for the Lemongrass which is the best restaurant).  expect to pay $5 for a cup of coffee.  The deli staff isn't very friendly.  The pastries look good at the deli, but be aware, they're not always fresh. you could wait up to 45 minutes just to check in and it will take about 15-20 minutes just to walk from parking to reception. If you want true luxury and don't care about the casino, stay next door at the Mandarin Oriental. I get bored with the Aria and find myself going to New York for a more relaxed fun time with more food choices. If you want to party with dancing and drinks.....go to the New York casino.  Don't stay here. Pros: Clean, Modern, friendly staff, good restaurants (overpriced), pretty casino. CVS is right next door. the aria train will take you to other casinos for free.  I think I'm going to move on from the Aria and stay somewhere else.  I just realized the Cons outweigh the Pros.
4	I love the ultra modern look of this hotel. Though we didnt stay here, I played a bit in their casino, went for Zarkana in their theater and grabbed a bite at Jean Phillippe. Loads of fine dining options that would cater to everyone's taste - there's a tapas joint that is going on my list to try next time. They also have nice shopping options if you have a few hundred or maybe a few thousand dollars to burn:)
3	Pretty good place.  Beware of fancy control panel to turn on and off lights, open blinds, etc.  if you are not high tech it could be a problem.Like other places they try to "convenience" you by not providing a coffee maker in your room. They want you to go all the way to the casino to get a cup of coffee.  Since we stayed there four days we decided to buy a machine and left it for the housekeeping staff.
4	I was impressed, and not much in Vegas impresses me.It started when walking into my room for the first time as the curtains automatically opened, the TV turned on to smooth jazz, and dim lights illuminated.I was like, who the hell is in here. But I figured it out pretty quick -- it was a keycard-activated automation for first-time entry. What a welcome!There's an iPad-esque device on the nightstand that controls the room. I chose to set my alarm to the black-out curtains opening, the room heating up to 74 degrees, and the TV coming on to smooth jazz at 8:30 a.m. Worked like a charm.The bathroom was large and plush with a tub and separate shower.I loved it and would definitely come back.
5	Me and my boyfriend are Vegas junkies and I keep an eye out for good deals.  We hit the jack pot and found a room for $87 a night with $100 food and beverage credit.The valet was a little confusing.  We had to sit in our car for a few minutes wondering if we were in the right place before someone came over.  But from the moment we stepped out of our car the service was exceptional.  We arrived on a Thursday night and were in the check in line for less than a minute.  We always try the sandwich trick in Vegas but were a little hesitant because this property is still so new. It worked like a charm.  We had booked the cheapest room and our check in attendant worked hard and managed to get us  a room with a phenominal view on the 53rd floor.  He even had a complimentary mini fridge set up when I inquired about storing medication in the mini bar.   Our room was georgeous.  The view was breathtaking.  My boyfriend really enjoyed the high tech remote thing.  I didn't do so great with it but that's just me and my clumsy fingers.  The closet was really big and I liked that we had  a his and hers side.  I'm OCD when it comes to keeping my hotel room neat and I liked that we didn't have to have our suitcases out in the open.  It's also nice to be able to settle in a bit.  It made for a much more enjoyable vacation. The bed was one of the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in.  Every night I fell right to sleep. Literally.  Waking up at 6am everyday to change into my pajamas and get ready for bed became a daily ritual.  I'll be purchasing the pillows.  They were the perfect combination of squishy and firm.  I wish I could afford the sheets.On our second day we decided to go the buffet.  Had a little incident with our waitress who accidently dumped a diet coke on my lap.  When my boyfrind politely let someone know and inquired about having my pants cleaned they gave us the choice of cleaning my pants or comping our meal.  It was a little awkward having to deal with security over diet coke but it made for a good story.  It also was a great excuse to go buy new pants.Overall the service was oustanding.  The hotel was beautiful and smelled so delicious.  The location was perfect. Everytime we go to Vegas we like to try a new hotel in search of the best.  I don't think we will be continuing that tradition.  Aria is  our favorite.  We had the pleasure of staying at Aria's sister property Vdara last time and it was just as nice, but due to Aria's slightly better location I prefer it to Vdara.
3	Aria is probably the cheapest 5-star property on the strip, averaging in the low $100s per night. However, it really does show that they dont put in as much effort as the other places on the strip such as mandarin, wynn and cosmo. Check in line was about 45 min, the longest I've ever had to wait. Upon arrival, the bedsheet on my bed had a giant rip in it. I dont understand how housekeeping can miss this. I called housekeeping to change the sheets, and that is the only night they provided turn-down service. So it seems like they only do it if you ask?Additionally, the room was very dusty, and I got a rash the following morning. Not sure if its the bed or something, but it was very unnerving. The casino floor also has poor circulation because the ceilings are low, they also don't have very many tables either. I spent most of my time gambling in bellagio.Their gym was clean however, and had a nice view of the pool. Other nice touches are the chocolates left at turn down and their robes are super light and comfy. Our room was on the 36th floor and we got a nice view of Tropicana road. Their curtains are electronic as well.Overall, it's not bad for your money but don't expect real 5-star service here. I don't think I will stay again, there are better options on the strip.
5	Stayed over Labor Day Weekend but I am just getting around to writing the review. The hotel itself is nice, clean, modern and casino floor doesn't smell like smoke! Rooms are nice! They are definitely where all future hotels will be heading. Had a total of 4 rooms 5 nights staying through Labor Day Weekend and we were able to get the room types we asked for which was great(1 king 3 2beds) but the best part of it was 99/night each room! saved about 50%. Would definitely stay here again!
1	Considering the level of service we got while staying at the Aria for our wedding weekend, I think THEY should have paid US to be there. It was a complete disaster... from the unsatisfactory rooms (beware: the Aria has a very loose interpretation of "city view") to the lazy housekeeping to the improper handling of my credit card at the salon. We booked three rooms for us and our wedding guests. I told the reservationist that I wanted three really nice rooms (but not suites) and that price was not an issue. I asked her to just book us the nicest rooms that weren't suites. Apparently, that translated to three rooms below level 15: one with double beds and one with only a "wedge" window, which is basically a prison-window view of the city. Very disappointing.Housekeeping both nights included nothing more than bed-making and emptying the trash. Dirty room service plates and dirty washclothes on the shower floor were left for us to pickup ourselves. And forget about any tidying up. If it weren't for the new trash liner, I would have had no idea housekeeping came at all. Not exactly the room you want to walk into on your wedding night. I was pleased with the services at the salon (and for $1700, I should sure hope so), but I was surprised to find three additional charges on my credit card from the salon after I had left. Apparently, they had discovered a few extra items they had neglected to charge me for. Had they called me and informed me of this before re-charging my card, it would have been no problem, but the fact that they just went and charged it for additional items (some of the duplicate, I might add) seemed really shady. The fact that it took me almost four weeks to get someone from the accounting department to look into the issue and call me back was particularly perturbing, and the presence of accidental duplicate charges made it clear that the Aria salon is entirely haphazard with their customer's credit card information. My complaints fell flat at checkout, and it took me following up and asking for a manager in order to receive any offer of retribution. I was told they would email me a voucher for a free suite upgrade at my next stay, but it never came. Empty promises. At this point, even if I did finally receive the voucher I wouldn't stay at the Aria again. They seriously dropped the ball on a really important weekend for me, and two months later my anger still bites.
3	Nice hotel in terms of rooms and amenities.  Terrible service at every touchpoint.  It may have been due to CES, but it just seems too pervasive.
4	While I have never stayed overnight here I have spent many hours in the building and had refreshments.  They keep this place clean and the staff is always very nice.  The first year it opened I took the time to visit the conference areas with their wide open halls and plantings just outside all the glass.  There are a couple of places upstairs where you can see some of the recycled beams from the prior buildings on the property.  MGM used everything they could from the old buildings in the building of City Center.
1	I checked in to this seemingly fabulous hotel which is quite expensive, and asked a simple request to have a refrigerator delivered to my room to keep medication cold. They said no problem. I waited one hour and still no refrigerator, so I called down to remind them and asked if they could still deliver it if I went to dinner because I was now starving. They said absolutely and it would be delivered shortly. Three hours later near midnight still no refrigerator. I originally asked for it when I checked in at 7pm. Seriously? 5 hours and you can't manage such a simple task? Plus what is the $28 dollar a day charge for internet about (they call it a hotel service fee which is charged as an incidental but it includes internet)? Stay clear! There are much better hotels in both quality and customer service in Vegas!
1	Aria should pay attention to who they hire to represent their company. It's a big turn off.Britney, the receptionist at the front desk, was one of the most aloof and careless hotel receptionist I've encountered. Her greeting was dry, she lacked effort when we asked her questions, and she jotted down the wrong room number. I was hoping to be impressed by this place as I were with all the other city center hotels but the service at Aria really disappointed me. It makes me think Aria treats their employees like crap because no one seems happy there.
4	I'm a fan of Aria.  Our room was extremely clean, check-in was a breeze, the food was fabulous, and the bars were great.  The rooms were extremely high tech and I loved having my curtains open at 8:30 and my TV on, so that I didn't oversleep with the black-out curtains.  I will stay here again and again!
5	I had such a great experience at Aria! We spent a lot of our vacation using the hotel's amenities. We stayed in a city view king bed room. The room was ultra futuristic! The lights were all synced and when you didn't want to get up from bed you can use the touch screen tablet to turn on/off lights, watch tv, and open the drapes. The downside of the tablet is its really slow and takes forever to dim a light or change a channel. The very first thing I did even before unpacking was turn on the bath tub. It was calling my name! The bath tub and shower are separated but next to each other which was interesting. The vanity had one of those magnifying mirrors which is awesome when doing make up. The bed is like a cloud. I wish I spent more time in it! There was lots of pillows and even a body pillow. The only things that I didn't like about our stay was the fridge was full of mini bar drinks. Meaning no room for left overs or your own beverages. The mini bar is weighed so don't pick anything up because you will be charged! They can bring in a fridge for personal use but at an extra charge. Check in and out were pretty easy. Just before 11am it does get a little long but you can check out through email which allows you to get out of the line. Concierge and front desk staff are very nice and helpful. We left a tablet in one of the rooms after checking out and although it took an hour they made sure it was brought back to us in one piece.Overall we very much liked the hotel amenities as well. The casino was clean and didn't have that dense smoke smell in it. The tram, strip, self parking, and valet are all walking distance since room elevators are centralized. Plus it is part of the MGM players club so on top of getting points for whatever I bought there I could use the same card at lots of other hotels like The Mirage and Bellagio. I will definitely be staying at Aria again! I wish my vacation was longer!!
3	Such a nice place!!! Absolutely gorgeous rooms and I love the all glass windows. The bed was extremely comfortable that I fell asleep right away (or maybe it was from the alcohol...lol). Bathrooms were also amazing. I loved the whole layout of it. Everything was always so clean in the rooms. The service ladies did a nice job.Now, onto the not so great. When checking in, the lines were horrendous!!! I dunno if they needed a better system or whatever, but I felt like I spent half the day at the check in line instead of being able to enjoy the city. But, the service lady was nice (not sure if it makes up for being irritated with the wait though.) Then, during the stay at the hotel, my hallway was filled with smoke!! The floor I was on was definately a non smoking floor. I got so ill from the smell of it. I think management should do a better job with the policies of the place. I complained about it and all I got was a sorry. They didn't offer me anything more to make up for my allergies kicking into high gear bc of it.Rooms were amazing, but I dunno if I would pick this hotel again to stay at considering all the amazing hotels on the strip with less wait times and people actually following non smoking policies elsewhere.
4	I got a good deal by staying at this hotel.  But they get you with everything else - restaurants and patisserie very pricey; blackjack tables start at $25. The rooms were very nice and modern-everything automated (lights, tv, drapes, privacy/service button). Comfy bed with lots of pillows.  Nice big bathroom.  Had a couple of issues-with all the lights on, still thought it was a little dark. Also, no outlet near bed, which I would have liked.  Free Wi-fi included but had trouble with the connection.Monte Carlo connected to the Aria and within walking distance.  Tram available to the Bellagio.Overall, would stay here again.
4	Love Aria! I have stayed there couple of times and had great experiences. I like that it is not super-crowded like some other LV strip hotels. It is very modern and glitzy. It is centrally located so other hotels are very accessible from it.
5	Absolutely wonderful experience. My wife and I have been to Vegas two times prior and the City Center had been under construction both times so we decided this time to stay at a brand new hotel.We went this time for my 30th and my best friends 30th. Neither her nor her husband had every stayed in Vegas before.The staff at the Aria was second to none for helpfulness and friendliness not only in Vegas but most of the hotels we've stayed at in the US.The place is incredible, everything is top shelf. The check in was painless, compared to The Mirage (they could really care less if you get checked in or not) or the Flamingo (you can't even compare the two). No problems getting rooms close together (if you want you get pre book adjoining rooms for a fee $$$$$$). Express elevators get you to your rooms in no time. The Buffet is amazing. Hell even the slots payed well. In short if you want a great Vegas experience stay at The Aria!!!!
2	casino floor was like any other, expensive table games $15 min roulette the bellagio wasn't even high. did not like the slot selection. i wouldn't stay here or gamble here ever again.
4	I got a good deal on a corner suite (approximately $250) that provided a great place to get work done while in Vegas.  It included a large jacuzzi tub, a toto- hot-seat-bidet-dryer combo toilet, mechanized blinds/blackout curtains, and two bathrooms.  The only downside was the long walk to the elevator, but that was not a problem for me.  An additional upside is the great dining options right downstairs.
2	Underwhelmed by this hotel. Casino area is nice but hotel rooms were not as clean as I would have preferred. Found other peoples' hair on the bathroom floor when I first checked in. Ventilation was also not great in the bathroom area, perhaps because the giant fans were being used to suck the smoky smells out of the hallways/casino area. I appreciated the high security maintained by the hotel staff--room keys were checked at any entrance to elevators. Learning to use the automated lights, TV and curtains was a bit challenging and I would have liked more outlets near the beds for charging computers/cell phones. Pools were clean and nice (though shallow), but as I visited in the winter, only one was open. Not too crowded though so I couldn't complain. Exercise room was large and busy but clean and buffet breakfast was huge (but only recommended if it's free). Many of the buffet dishes were cold and not super tasty, but the quality of the seafood and meats used were quite high.
3	Beautiful hotel and casino but it left a lot to be desired. First off was the check in lines, now I am normally accustomed to VIP check in at other hotels in Vegas but since this was my first time here I had to use the LOOOONNNGG check in lines that moved painfully slow. It was not until later in my stay that I realized this is an MGM property and I would have qualified for a VIP check and comp room, room reservations failed to mention they were part of the M Life program. In my opinion this place is just too big, literally took a couple minutes to get to our room after we got off the elevator. Rooms were nice with great contemporary decor. Room was clean on the surface but upon closer inspection there was a large build up of dust on several peices of furniture in the room it was obvious that housekeeping just does a quick once over while dusting. My single biggest complaint is the dark rooms, lighting was worse than terrible. They are taking this "green" thing a little too far. I will not stay here again just because of the lighting in the room. About the best thing I can say about the Aria is it probably has the best location on the strip. A few other high points were a few of their restaurants, Javiers and She by Mortons which is located in the Crystals shopping area which is part of Aria.I will probably not return to Aria unless I am very hard up for a room, too many other nice places on the strip that offer more for less that are just as nice or nicer.
5	This place rocks. Yes it is busy as hell on the casino floor but your room is an oasis of great design and technology. The bed is amazing. The room, lights, curtains, AC and more is fully controlled by a tablet and also through the tv. The cleaning staff here is the best and they are very detailed so much so I tipped them every day.Other than the bed, which you can buy by the way, I absolutely love the bathroom and shower in this hotel. I've walked through quite a few other places here in Vegas but I don't think I will ever stay anywhere else in Vegas.  p.s. This place and the Monte Carlo are tied for the best smelling lobby in all of Vegas.
3	Aria is one of the relatively new hotels and the rooms here are definitely very modern and high tech.  The bathroom was sleek and the counters/shower walls were all granite-- the shower and bathtub are connected and share the same door.  The toilet was in the same room but had its own door which was nice. I would have given Aria 4 stars if they actually gave me the room I wanted.  I made a reservation more than a month before my arrival and I wanted one Non-Smoking room with one King size bed.  But no, I got a Smoking room with 2 queen size beds.  I didn't mind the 2 queens but I don't smoke (and hate the smell), so I didn't appreciate that they didn't have the Non-Smoking room that I had reserved.  Pros:- Upgraded/modern- Restaurants here are great (Julian Serrano and Jean Phillipes Cons:- On the end of the strip, so you need a cab to go anywhere- No casino- Confusing--there are multiple entrances and taxi lines
1	We had a bad experience at the Aria :-(1- We booked 3 rooms and received an email a week later offering us a $25 dollar "up grade" for the view/room.  2 of us paid it, and one did not.  When we got there, all 3 rooms were the same type of view, including the ones that we paid extra money for.  We were told that view interpretation varies!  I think we just paid extra for the same rooms we would have gotten anyhow.2-  Hidden Fees!  Upon checkout we saw a $25 dollar a day Resort Fee.  We were told this was for a newspaper, gym use, and WiFi.  Really?  We were never told about these resources or fees.  I later researched it, and apparently several Hotels have one, but the Aria/MGM is the highest compared to other hotels which charge $6.00-$11.00 dollars daily.3- At night you can hear everyone loud and clear talking in the halls.4-  The line to check-in was like the DMV on a Friday!  And for some reason it wouldn't allow us to express checkout in our room, so we also waited to checkout.5- Our touch pad to control everything in the room was  not working all the time!6- The bell service is split into two seperate areas with seperate staff, so you are expected to tip the guy taking your luggage, and then tip the guy who brings your luggage back.  Usually, you tip on recieving your luggage and all tips are shared.  I asked a bell employee about the system.All in all, not going back and won't recommend.
1	We were not warned that if you add anything to the minibar, (like a can of beer in our case), you will be charged a $50 fee.  Also, do not move anything in the minibar - if you do - there you go - you will be charged a fee of $50.  Don't you even touch anything - if you do - there will be charge of $50.  It's a scam!  In addition, they charged us for some items from the minibar just "out of the blue", things we never took from the minibar. The two pillowcases were not clean (stained) and they didn't replace them during our 4-day stay in this hotel. There are some hidden fees, for example a resort fee of $28 per night, that includes Internet Access.  It is very difficult to connect to the Internet, and when you do, you will be kicked out of the net after 20-30 minutes of use (good luck trying to re-connect).
4	Just recently stayed here for Martin Luther King Jr. weekend and I still love Aria.  I'm not sure if it's the best place to gamble since it seemed like everyone in my party lost a lot of money but it's all good, as long as we had fun, right?As far as the place goes, it's very clean, aesthetically beautiful, and I love the rooms.  The problems that we did encounter the first night was that our television screen wasn't working but the sound was there.  Thankfully they sent their technician and all was okay.  Also my friend had reserved two queens instead of fulls.  That was a turn off but I'll still give Aria four stars cause I had stayed here previously a year ago for my birthday (Jan 29) and they sent me a complimentary dessert tray with chocolate covered strawberries and chocolates, so that's a plus in my book.  My party and I also went to go see Zarkana and that was thrilling.  I'd recommend going to the Half Price ticket booths they have along the strip.  It wasn't necessarily that much cheaper (we paid about $95 a ticket) but I think the hotel was selling it at like $125 for the same spots.  If you aren't money conscious then get the tickets at the box office or the concierge, whichever is convenient for you.Aria is definitely off the strip but we ended up driving around and valeting our car.  The valets and bellhops are attentive and friendly so don't be afraid to use their service!  Used the bellhop twice to take our stuff up and down our room and the valet guys multiples times--too many to count.Overall I had a great time.  Lina Chen
2	I hate focusing on the negative and remembering the low points of the vacation, but the people has the right to know!  So here's what I think of Aria:Check in - slow but expected and understandable - 30minRoom gorgeous - tasteful and modern.  The alarm clock, curtains, lights, TV and music were all controlled by an iPad type device beside the bed.  You are supposively able to check out with this pad as well, but the servies were down while we were there so we couldn't try it out.Housekeeping - poor, Upon check in, was hoping to lay down and rest, however there was a big white starchy stain on the comforter, stain was dead center in plain sight.  Disgusted, called Front desk to remove that and left to play a few games.  Came back, bed was remade but the same stain was still there.  Called again and had it redone.  We went to buy a few beers before returning to the room experience.  Service - poor, there is no bottle opener in the room, so I called to have one brought up.  Great.  Next day, room service removed the bottle opener, not sure why as I clearly had a few more beers on the counter.  Call for a new one.  20min pass, called back and room service said no record of one being requested.  10min later the bottle opener arrives.  40 min later, another knock on the door and a second bottle opener is deliveredIn room dining service - poor, I preemptively ordered a fruit platter and chocolate covered strawberries to surprise my parents in another room.  2 weeks before our flight into vegas I called back to confirm that everyone was set up.  I was told there is no record of my order.  So, I reordered.  Upon arrival, there was nothing in my parent's room.  2 hours later the fruit platter and strawberries were delivered, but to MY room.  Went to the concierge to complain but she was not helpful.  Called front desk from my room to have this delivered to my parents room instead, in spite of ruining the surprise.Checkout - good, did it on the phone.
4	This hotel is totes rad booboos!I actually liked their FB page before because i was smitten by the pictures that was on their website. I didn't really realized that the hotel we will be staying was the same hotel that I liked before. Totes forgot everything about it. The trip was planned 2 weeks ahead. That amount of time is kinda last minute if I may say so. It was one of those spontaneous thing that me and my girl bestie are known for. This was a short trip so every hour counts. The minute we got to the hotel, we just checked in and just left our "closet" and coats to the Bell service and went to the Deuce Lounge right away. We didn't have to worry about them because they were sent up to our room. When we finally got in the room, we were greeted with awesomeness! It was beautifuuuulll!!! http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=fI2225ZpgjN0BBRUFkUI3w&userid=BDHDu2gEcRS6d4qz8yf7zg, http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=T78k4Il6GRv3cDgG4S1jCg&userid=BDHDu2gEcRS6d4qz8yf7zg. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=4kr2Xw7C7AIBQA8iKjfD2A&userid=BDHDu2gEcRS6d4qz8yf7zg. The interior design speaks modern luxury and elegance They also uses the touch-screen system to pretty much control everything in the room..curtains, lights, temperature, TV. I didn't have to get out of bed to turn off the lights because next to your headboard is the control panel that has Reading, Goodnight and another one that i totes forgot button. The BEST room for lazy a$$ peeps for sure! Bathroom has his and hers sink, Marbled floors, nice wall papers.Bed is very comfy! Also, I would totally jacked one of those damn pillows if I can't find the place where they got them! It was heeeella fluffy I wanna dieeeee!  You don't even have to leave this hotel anymore because everything that you need is there. Restaurants, Shops, Bars, Lounges, Dance Clubs. Just be ready to get ripped off because most of them are hella pricey!This hotel is great but very bad for the wallet!KTnxbai :)
2	Casino review (not hotel/rooms) -- the dealers at this casino are some of the most uptight who won't indulge in conversation, won't even smile, in fact, we kept getting ID'ed even though we were much older which got really annoying..
4	Service desk was nice, rooms were very technology integrated.  Beds are comfortable. The buffet is pretty delicious.  All in all, I probably like the Wynn and Trump Towers better, but the Aria comes in third.
1	I too don't like focusing on the negative but I could not stop thinking about how much I paid for drinks there and nobody seemed to be having fun.  If your into feeling like your in an exclusive setting, classy, highbrow, maybe a little snooty, then this is the place for you.  There wasn't alot of energy, nobody seemed to be having any fun, I don't think anyone was winning anything in the casino.  Everybody must have been on Xanax or some kind of antiaxiety medication.  At first glance the place is actually beautiful and there was this hint of vanilla in the air.  Then you feel like this place is trying just a little bit too hard to look exclusive, fresh, and new, but we've seen it before.We walked to the "Players Club" and asked for information regarding one of their shows.  The woman with the butterfly tatoo on her neck was completely rude, snooty, rolled her eyes at us and sent us upstairs to the box office.  She should not be in the hospitality industry.  We've been to several casinos and hotels around here and got great service, smiles, happy to give you information in a curteous and professional manner that you would expect. This place completely missed the mark for me and trying way too hard to be classy and exclusive, it made me feel unwelcomed.  On the way out we bumped into a couple of girls and I had to ask how they liked this new casino and they also did not like it and commented on "energy" of the place.
5	I loooove the rooms here. I love how high tech the rooms are and the warm chocolate brown contemporary decor. I wish the rooms were a little bigger though.
4	Massive centerpiece hotel of the ginormous City Center complex offers stylish, spacious rooms and a great restaurant collection but does suffer from some layout issues and some blandness in the public areas. My check-in was smooth and very professional, with very little wait. So far, so good. But finding your room the first time may be a challenge. I've stayed at LOTS of hotels, with all manner of layouts, but even I was bamboozled by the hallways and following too many signs to find my room number. If you're planning on a few cocktails, you may need to leave breadcrumbs to find your way back. If you ever find your room, you'll come into a sleek, modern space with a nice roomy feel. Soft beiges on the furniture are nicely contrasted by an eggplant carpet with three cream accent stripes. There are 16,296 buttons in the room and you probably won't have time to figure out what they all do, but the sheer and drape controls worked great and the curtains black things out nicely. The bathroom is large and has a "wet area", with the shower and then tub beyond set behind their own glass door. (FYI, the glass door is clear, so there's no privacy since anyone at the vanity can see any doodles or hoohahs in the wet area. But hey, if you're sharing a hotel room in Vegas with someone chances are they've already seen you naked. Thankfully the door to the WC is frosted.) The toiletries are boring.The restaurant collection is tops, one of the very best in Vegas. Standouts are Julian Serrano, Sage, Bar Masa, and American Fish. Jean-Georges Steakhouse is decent but pales next to the chef's own Prime at Bellagio. Casual restaurants are also high-quality. The restaurants all have high-concept design and are all successful, which makes it puzzling as to why the lobby area, the casino, and the spa are all so boring in their design. Some people may see this as an antidote to the Vegas craziness, but when I'm in Sin City, I want all crazy all the time.My spa treatment made up for the beigeness of the space by being absolute fantastic and restful, with larger-than-average rooms. It was pointy-nipple cold, so I didn't check out the pool. Overall, it's a high quality place with location, restaurants, room size, and well-trained staff giving it lots of plus points.
5	Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. It's soooo gorgeous. Did not stay here this time.  Came in off the street to check the place out.  It has a quite large casino area with very high ceilings  Someday when I come back here I'll definitely stay here.  It just so beautiful and I'm sure the rooms are just urber fab fab.
3	I love the way the lobby smells...a vanilla smell. Other than that it is a normal Vegas hotel.
4	I read a lot of reviews on yelp before booking my trip with a little unease, and hoping I made the right choice for my first time in Vegas.  We arrived in a shuttle from the airport where a very friendly bell hop took our luggage and guided us to the sweet smelling hotel lobby.  It is much more pleasing to the nose than a lot of the other casinos with straight cig smoke smell.  Check in was a breeze with little wait and a very friendly clerk behind the counter that provided us a map of the hotel pointing out the main attractions.  We chose to eat our first meal at Cafe Vettro, and it was just ok.  We gave it a try the next morning, and it was just ok again.  Juliano Serranos was much more enjoyable.  We sampled around 6 tapas, and each were very nice.  The room was very nice with a touch pad control tablet next to the bed, and our view of the strip was outstanding!  The bed was super comfy with plenty closet space for two.  Free wi-fi and other tech upgrades makes the room even more of an attraction.The casino was a very friendly environment.  A lot of live music at night, and plenty of bars to pick from.  I will most def be back on my next trip.
3	Aria is such a dark casino. The only thing I really like about it is cool bar called Maderno.  Other than that, it's not that special.
3	Not worth the price! The customer service was not great. I was over-charged on my room upon checking in and it took them over a week to refund my money. The lines to check-in or out are outrageous. Turns out, you can check-out from the TV screen in your room (would have been helpful to know!)I was here for a business trip and won't be requesting this hotel again.
4	Got a great deal on Priceline...room was clean & quiet. Beautiful hotel...def stay here again.
4	From the vanilla scented air to the tram connecting you to other hotels, Im a fan of the Aria. My husband and I like to escape from Xmas every year, so we stay in Vegas for a few days before the New Year. Its easy to get reservations and we always get good rates as return customers. The check in and check out are difficult so I recommend checking in early and checking out via your tv menu. We had a billing dispute when we left and the concierge informed us that its better to call when we got home because the checkout line was insanely long and it would be hard to resolve there. The spa is our favorite amenity and my husband says its the best massage he had ever had. I like the location of the hotel and we use it as a base from which to go to other hotels and shows up and down the strip. The internet worked fine for me once my iPad learned the sign in process and Im looking forward to the starbucks being built there opening this summer. We needed an extension cord and housekeeping was happy to bring us one even in the predawn hours of the night. This has been a great hotel for us as a couple seeking a relaxing Vegas vacation.
4	I stayed at Aria last week for the 2nd time and must say that this is a gorgeous hotel.It's majestic with lots of great restaurants, the rooms are decorated nicely--also  clean & immaculate (I was upgraded to a Sky Suite and let me tell you, that was quite the experience as it was more like an apartment), you can change your room settings with a remote control (the lights, television, curtains and room temperature) and the lobby has a fragrant vanilla scent.This hotel has a tram which can connect you to other hotels such as Bellagio and is also close to the airport.Restaurants in this hotel include Masa, Sirio, American Fish as well as Buffet and Jean Phillipe which serves sandwiches and all kinds of sweet culinary delights. Aria is an establishment that not only is  a feast for your eyes, but meets all other sensory expectations.
5	Best hotel on the strip. Always have a great time here. Casino is awesome especially poker.
2	Beautiful place but poor casino service, in addition they charge resort fee.
3	I enjoyed my stay at the Aria, but I probably would have been pissed if I paid full price.  The hotel is super modern and high tech as everyone else states, but that's about it.  I definitely did not feel like I was in a 5 star hotel because I didn't experience luxury.  Our view was nice, and we were upgraded to a nice view where we could partially see the Bellagio fountains, but the room and decorations were just okay.The check in line was long, but our front desk person was great.  Very friendly service goes a long way when you have had a long travel day from the east coast.  The more you tip, the better service you get.I didn't particularly like gambling in this casino because I didn't want to go broke.  The table minimums and slot machines were kind of ridiculous per game...so we walked to some of the lower ended casinos most of  the time.I would stay at this hotel again if I could get another discounted rate.  Paying $28 in resort fees per day (on top of the daily rate) can add up especially if you don't use the hotel's amenities during your stay.3.5 Stars!
4	The hotel rooms are awesome and some of the nicest I've been in. This is another place that used to be so packed before Cosmopolitan took it's shine. Still I've stayed in Cosmos rooms and Arias rooms and I much prefer Arias. There are times when they will have problems with the technology in the room and stuff though. I'm not a pool guy at all so can't really comment on that. The casino is pretty nice. Huge mix of tables and slots. Aria is cool, but just not a place I really hang around. I just kinda sleep there and go on about my day at other places. Lots of clubs and restaurants but this place just isn't really my style I guess. If you are the type to stay in your room a lot then this is the place for you. I'm more of an out and about type of guy so I guess I don't really need a place like the Aria. I'm generally satisfied at Harrahs or Ballys
4	Warning if you choose to self park and have a lot of stuff....have a lot of hands. It seriously took us about 15-20 minutes from the time we parked in the self park garage to make our way with all our luggage to the elevators and then find our way to the hotel desk for check-in. We had to go through multiple levels, walk through the entire casino....there was a lot of walking. We had about a 5-10 minute wait to check-in. Staff was friendly, and since she saw that we had brought our own beverages she sent up a refrigerator for our drinks (there is a mini bar fridge in the room but there's no room for your own things in it, and because it's weighted you can't take their items out unless you plan to pay for them). I believe having a refrigerator sent up is normally charged, but since I had told them when booking my reservation that it was my husband's birthday, she gave it to us complimentary. That was nice.It was another long walk to our hotel room. The place is huge, so be prepared to walk a lot just to get around the resort. Our room was a king deluxe and almost had the feel of a suite. Lots of space, huge window with decent view (not a strip view, but could still see part of the strip, the pools, mountains, etc). We were on the 22nd floor. It looks cool at night when the pools and other hotels are lit up. The room had chairs, mini bar, nice closet/dressing area, and I loved the bathroom. The shower had a jacuzzi in it, which was very nice...typical of a large luxury bathroom you'd get in a suite. Not sure if the regular king rooms are like that, but the king deluxe is worth it for the bathroom you get. The hotel feels very new and modern, but doesn't feel super luxurious overall. I wish it had more of a high class feel, since it's not the cheapest hotel on the strip.We tried happy hour at Sirio, the Italian place in Aria. It was pretty good and had excellent service. I heard the food at Aria was very good and that seemed to be true. Also tried the fitness center, which was nice, and the pool/hot tub area....too cold to use the pool, but the hot tubs were nice. I was shocked they close at 4pm...they look so nice all lit up in the dark, it would be nice to use them in the evening. We got room service one morning and, though there was a 50 minute wait, it was awesome. They brought in a large round table with full linens, and the breakfast was delicious. It wasn't your typical room service on a tray - they really went all out in that department.Check-out was quicker than check in, and went smoothly. Everything on our bill was correct, including the correct beverages we had from the mini bar. No issues. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at Aria. It was clean, new and modern. The food was good, room service was great, and the location is excellent. My only gripes are that it's so large that you really have to walk around a lot and if you forget something in your room - well, forget it, because it's a trip to go back and get it. I think I may try a different hotel next time I'm in Vegas, but for someone who hasn't been to Aria yet, I'd recommend giving it a try.
3	Compared to the Wynn and Venetian, the rooms at the Aria are up to date since the property is newer but...even though I prefer high tech over old world etc...the rooms at Aria still lacked a certain feel that you expect in a 4 or 5 star property.With that said, I will not stay at Aria next trip and will go across the street to the Cosmopolitan.Also, by all means AVOID the Buffet at Aria. We unfortunately ran out of time on the days we were last in Vegas and missed the Bellagio buffet and reluctantly had to go to the overpriced Aria buffet. My daughters and I were all ill after the buffet and save for a couple of the deserts this was hands down the worst food I have had anywhere in quit some time.The fitness club though is quite nice and has well maintained equipment and non arrogant staff
4	The most modern LV hotel I've ever stayed; as soon as I touched my card to the door, curtains opened automatically, tv started to work, lights were on. Room was very clean. There are great restaurants, I enjoyed a very good buffet for $36, restaurant was very modern and well designed. I also took advantage of their tram service to Bellegio. I used spa twice, it was the best spa experience I ever had, hot stone and salt rooms rocked. You can see the city from outdoor hot tub.
5	I was there earlier in the week and everything that has been described by other Yelp users is true.  I arrived in the evening and had a long distance to walk from where the bus from the airport dropped us off underneath the facility on the south side.  While it was a long distance you get to walk past all of the casino games.  TIP:  Take a cab from the airport to the Aria.  They will drop you off right in front of the lobby.The lobby was well staffed and moved quickly through the line.  We walked back to the elevators which are separated into four banks.  My room was on the 6th floor, overlooking the city and when I got to the room my mind proceeded to get blown.  I swiped the keycard and opened the door the room lights slowly brightened, the black-out curtain automatically retracted, followed by the sheer.   Then the TV turned on.  It was just that little "extra" that proves the designers of the Aria knew how to deliver the goods.TIP:  If you arrive at night, get familiar with the layout and light switches.  There is a master switch by the door that will turn everything on to full brightness - or turn everything off immediately.The room was very clean, and everything can be controlled either via an interface on the TV, or from a remote located on one of the beside tables.  The king size bed had great pillows, as well as a superior mattress and bedding.The room does have a mini-bar that is well stocked with everything from candy bars, chips, and soft drinks, to your favorite beers and distilled liquors.   Of course the Aria is hoping you'll take advantage of these goods and pay the higher prices, which might be necessary if your in the mood.TIP:  The Aria requires a credit card at check in for incidentals.  This amounts to an extra $130/night authorized as pending.  Of course everything is reversed once you check out and the final bill is reconciled.  If you decide to use your bank/debit card keep in mind your financial institution will block this amount from the balance in your account and the credit may take a few days to appear before they release your funds again.While I was only there for business, and I'm not a gambler I thought the prices in the two restaurants were comparable with other Las Vegas fine dining.  And just as the other Yelpers mentioned, it's proximity to the airport, integration with the tram system, and connection to the City Center which has upscale dining and retail shopping makes this a definite destination.Even though I was there for a short time I will be back again with my spouse and enjoy all the other portions of the complex, like the pool/spa, buffet, and perhaps the casino.  Thanks again for a great stay Aria.  It made my business trip memorable.
5	I highly recommend the Aria as a destination for visitors. My company held our Real Estate convention at the Aria, and we stayed in a gorgeous suite with lots of room and  a great bathroom. The service there was fantastic, very professional and helpful. Great Nite club, lots of eateries and a Casino I finally broke my bad luck streak with. This was the first time I've ever gone to Las Vegas, and didn't leave the hotel the whole stay with the exception of rides from and to the airport.
3	Our first time staying in Aria and it has great location smack in the middle of City Center.  We stayed in a deluxe room which was nice and had high tech touch screen controls.  Service was good and our room was cleaned by about 1-2pm everday.  I dont know if the suites are nicer at Aria, but the deluxe room was very nice but nothing compared to less expensive suites at Vdarra just a hop and skip away.  This is a nice hotel but we wont be staying here again.
1	Four of us had the buffet last Saturday night. Total price 187.00. This turned into a grossly nightmare. For the next three days three of us experienced gastric pain, vomiting, etc. awful, awful experience. I called the front desk who transferred me to the buffett manager, who passed it off to security for an investigation. Obviously nothing will be done. Please beware of the seafood buffett. This ruined our whole trip. We didnt dare leave our room.
5	Probably my favorite hotel in Vegas.  Great food, great service, fantastic casino, good shows, brand new tech savvy rooms and views to die for.
4	Awesome hotel atmosphere, great guest service. The only drawback here is some of the cafes are not really worth checking out.
5	This place is great! Its so easy to really loose your money here. There is no shortage of tables, and it seems to be a very efficiently ran place, although the employees there I encountered at the tables were rude. I won't penalize them for that this time around because I had the same thing happen at my favorite hotel recently. Both the table and slot layouts are perfect. Easy to navigate place, and beautiful inside and out. The rooms are nice and modern, although a bit small and pricey for what you get considering they demand near top dollar. The restrooms in the casino are darn nice too, although difficult to find, this I found to be the only real planning issue on their part. Otherwise, great!
3	Stayed here for 3 nights, while attending the Paul Mitchell Gathering in 2012. The hotel is very nice, as well as the rooms. The beds are extremely comfortable, like sleeping on a cloud. Bathrooms are roomy and nice,(stayed with 3 other girls and we were perfectly comfortable in the double king bedroom). The view from our room was awesome you could see clear out to the deserts of Las Vegas. The location was also very nice, right in the middle of everything, and connected to the Monte' Carlo. The only thing I would have to say was a bummer is, it was one of the girls birthday's and we had ordered a "Truffle Tower" and a bottle of Reesling, the wine was good, but the so called "Truffle Tower" was about 6 pieces of chocolate, on a plate. That was a little disappointing since we did spend 90$, and not to mention it wasn't ready for delivery when we got there, and we arrived around 11:00pm. We finally got the order at about 3:00am.... But overall, the stay was great. I would definately stay in the Aria again.
3	Aria.From the exterior, it is pretty obvious that Aria is a new and posh hotel. The interior was a little bit overwhelming for me. I get that it is the Lunar New Year, but I think they may have overdone it a tad bit. I wasn't a fan of the reds, oranges, and dragons. Just.. no.Our check in time was not too bad, we were assisted immediately. I did not try the $20 trick, but I did ask whether they have anything for a complimentary upgrade. They did, but the alternatives weren't so good.I signed up for the Porsche design package from the ARIA website. Basically, with that package, we will be granted a complimentary room upgrade to a King Suite with View, $75 dining credit and a porsche design goodie bag worth $100. However, we did not get our complimentary room upgrade as it was "subject to availability". I don't understand how that works, aren't hotels supposed to reserve rooms like these for the guests who signed up for a package?Also, my whole hotel bill came close to $500. My first night was supposed to be $149 before tax, and my second night was supposed to be $179 before tax. Tax is unavoidable so I was fine with it. We also did use up the $75 dining credit at Julian Serrano which was excellent, and had to pay the difference for our lunch. ARIA charged 13% tax on both nights, on top of that, they have something called the Resort Fee of $25. What's ridiculous is they have tax charged on this resort fee.Wtf is this resort fee anyways? and why is there tax charged to it?During check out, I was given my receipt. Close to $500. On top of that, I was charged $70 on room service later in the day, which they did not mention during check out and that I did not order. Heart attack. Literally.Everyone at ARIA asked how our stay was, I only could choke up an awkward smile and said "could be better."
4	New & modern. Great location. Beautiful decor. The roasted bean had plenty of good options for a quick fix. They have a beautiful waterfall in the front of the hotel, with flowers and bird shaped seats. The waterfall pours quicker as the time goes on. They have a fountain show as well. No comparison to Bellagio's, but the water turns colors and you see "jumping" water. Pretty cool.
4	Stayed here in the Sky Suites and really enjoyed the experience.  We've stayed there twice in the 2 BR suites and they usually come with a dining room and extra living room space.  We just also stayed at the MGM Skylofts and for the money I think the MGM lofts might be a better value (if you can use that word for these kinds of accommodations).  Similar in theme to the normal rooms here, the suites have very modern looks and are made of high quality furnishings.  The sky loft sections are nice since they have a separate check in area to beat the crowds, limo ride to/from the airport, and a lounge you can go to anytime you need a drink, cookie, cheese snack or to just get away from the crowds on the casino floor.  If you can spare the $ it's a nice way to enjoy a trip to LV.  Your card will also double as a line pass at the aria buffet.  BTW the aria buffet is a little pricy, but has really great food.  It's annoying that you have to pay to be seated together if you are a group bigger than 4.We also rented the cabana here and it's not a bad deal at around $400-600 depending on the day.  It's a nice change of pace if you feel like relaxing by the pool versus gambling all day.  You'll need to call to reserve ahead of time and then they confirm availability the morning of.  The cabanas are more solid structures with misters, TV, sofa, and sink/fridge with some sodas and a cheese plate.
4	4.5 starsAria switches between a 4 and a 5 for me.  The first couple of times I stayed there it was a 5 without question.  I loved how, in a city where everything is so over-the-top it's almost goofy, Aria is modern, simplistic and yet elegant.  The casino floor doesn't wreak nearly as bad of smoke as some nearby casinos.  In fact, I think it smells amazing due to whatever scent is being infused.  Every time we've gone we've had the option to wait for a room in a more desirable location in the hotel (higher floor, strip view, etc.).  At some properties on the strip just a strip view could cost more per night.  At Aria, if it's available, it's yours.  And if it's not, you can wait for it if you choose.  The rooms are modern, clean and luxurious, and highly technological with a remote that controls almost everything in them - including the curtains, lighting, and the TV's.  You can choose entire "moods" and lighting schemes with the touch of a screen and everything in the room will adjust accordingly.  What a nice touch.  And my husband, who loves his tech-y gadgets, got a real kick out of this the first time we saw it.  The bed, bedding and pillows are HEAVENLY.  I want the whole set up in my home.  We upgrade to the corner suite each time we go and it's so worth it.  The floor to ceiling windows lend themselves to amazing views of the strip and valley.  Self parking is always easy enough there.  We've seen Zarkana and loved the theater.  The bars are typical but nice.  We haven't eaten anywhere except Lemongrass, which was OK but just isn't our favorite kind of food.  Service was great there, though.  The property, including public restrooms, is always spotless.   I love the Jean Phillippe patisserie and the gelato/coffee shop upstairs by the pool, although the lines are always ridiculous.  The buffet was absolutely nothing special but we went about 3 years ago and it's since been redone.  The spa is way overpriced and, although nice, certainly not the best I've ever been to.  But the gym is great and offers everything you need for solid workouts during your stay!  The service is where things get dicey for me.  I've had terrible customer service around the property, including when we tried to order gelato once with a free voucher, but something was wrong with the computers and the shop could only accept cash.  The employee said, "well you can either pay cash or not get anything."  Quite the problem-solvers, those Aria employees lol.  Overall, this is my favorite place to STAY on the strip.  I can't say it's my favorite place to eat, drink, or gamble.  But as far as hotel stays go, it's one of my all-time favorites!
1	Horrible customer service. This hotel based on customer service should be a TWO STAR hotel. The reservation department is incompetent of their job. Lots of inconsistency. I was just shocked how they couldn't reserve my room when I put down my credit card to guarantee it. Management need to train the whole reservation staff. Trust me every time I called I got a different answer.
5	Aria Buffet WOW We had the lunch buffet.What ever your heart desires Super Sea Food split crab legs Shrimp and snapper WOW. I got thirds on them.Dessert again fantastic.We will go for the third time when we are back in town.
4	one of the nicest hotels in the city. waitresses come around alot and everyone is very freindly. make sure you sign up for a m card.
4	The Good:- Good location in the heart of the strip with easy access to other City Center hotels and shopping.-  Contemporary comfortable rooms with a cool shower and tub combination room.-  Friendly professional service from every staff member I interacted with.-  Large casino with all the must haves-  Numerous dining options-  Got a AWESOME price on Priceline, $75 a nightThe Bad:-  Nothing bad in particular but those seeking a luxurious vegas hotel like the Bellagio or Venetian may not like the decor and feel of Aria.
5	No complaints what so ever! Great service from the time I arrived. The valet service was quick and pleasant. The person at check in was very friendly. The bellman who brought the luggage to our room was very polite. Even brought a bag of ice to the room for us. Something I had never had done for me before. The cleaning services were awesome. They organized everything gave us lots of extra towels. The turn down service was awesome. They even left little chocolates for us....who does that anymore. I am going back in a month and I can't wait!!
5	Yet again another high classed hotel!When I came here I was given a room that nobody slept in!The rooms are pretty nice,very high tech with a remote control box that controls everything.My only complaint is the bathroom sliding door.My bros were in the bathroom,locked the door,they couldn't get out.. Luckily,there is a telephone in the water closet.Also,I felt like the rooms are a bit kind of small.The water closet(Toilet room)has smoked glass doors instead of solid wood doors.I personally recommend this hotel to all.Words that describe the rooms:Clean,High-Tech,High-Classed,Nice...........
4	This is our first time staying at the Aria.  The decor was dark, modern, elegant and very nice.  We loved our room. When we first walked in it, we were welcomed by the curtains automatically opening.  There were some high tech features.  There was a over priced (duh, it's Vegas!) fully stocked bar with various snacks. Everything is weight sensored so don't touch unless you want to buy! The bed was incredibly cozy! I usually prefer a firm bed but was pleasantly surprised by the softness! It was like sleeping on a cloud! There were several restaurants at the Aria but we only ate at one and it was mediocre and over priced. I can't remember the name of it (downstairs near lobby, green glass pillars at entrance).  I was served cold eggs and cold hash browns! Then our server ran our credit card for the wrong bill. She was quite unfriendly. I think she hated her job.We got lucky and won a few hundred on some of the slot machines so that was fun.  Drinks on the floor while gaming is the way to go. We ordered our same drinks in a bar and they were $15 each.Overall, it was a good place to stay with a great location in the middle of it all. Easy walking to the adjacent high end Crystals mall or more affordable Miracle Mile across the street.
1	Boy, has this place ever declined.  Stayed there this last weekend (March 8-10, room 19-231) and was very disappointed with the experience this time around compared to my stay there at this time last year.  Boy, where to begin?...First, one of the novelties of the Aria is the fact that, upon entering your room for the first time, the lights come on, the motorized draperies open, your TV comes on to welcome you, etc.  My room?  None of that happened.  I had to fumble to find the light switches and, once I did, was able to get the drapes open finally.  I was surprised to see a couple rungs of the draperies hanging loose.  What housekeeper sees that and deems it acceptable???  Tried to turn on the desk lamp but it was broken.  The edges of the wood desks had the finish worn off as well -- something a little furniture polish or even a magic marker could fix in an instant.  Surprising that the hotel pays no attention to detail like that.  I felt like I was in a cheap motel this time.  For that price you expect superiority, not mediocrity.   Oh -- and I had specifically sent a request ahead of time, a request they acknowledged via email, to be put in a room on a higher floor.  They stuck me on the 19th, while most of my co-workers were given rooms on the 35th floor.  Funny, considering that they were right behind me in line at check-in, yet the associate who helped ME said there were no rooms higher than the 19th floor.So I finally get settled and begin to relax when all of a sudden a VERY loud party starts up in the room next to mine.  There must've been 20 people in the room, early 20's, and obviously very intoxicated.  I eventually caved and called security.  Some guy eventually showed up, but it didn't make much difference.  I finally had to leave my room as I couldn't even hear my TV over the noise.  When I came back an hour later all was quiet, but only because they had gone out.  It started up again upon their return at about 3:30 AM.After spending all day at the NASCAR races the next day (tired as heck due to lack of sleep thanks to the party) I returned at around 5:00 PM to find that my room had not been serviced and, from the looks of it, housekeeping was gone for the day.  I went down to the concierge desk and let them know, then headed out to dinner.  When I came back it was obvious they had been there.  However, they must've done a rush job because my dirty drinking glasses were still where they had been left, my used & wet towel & wash cloth were still in the shower, and the amenities had not been replaced.  Consequently I had to shower the next morning with no shampoo.On my final night there, I was jarred awake at around 3:00 AM, again from the room next door.  Great, I thought, the party gang is back.  Strangely, however, there was no talking or yelling like before.  As I stepped into the hall to see what all the clanking of glass bottles was, I discovered it was HOUSEKEEPING.  Who the heck cleans rooms at 3:00 AM, waking up everyone at that end of the hallway?  When the lady stepped out to dump yet another bag of cans & bottles in the hallway, I said, "Really? Cleaning a room that noisily at 3:00 AM?"  She just looked at me and said, "yeah, and?".  Gee, pardon me for wanting to have a satisfying stay without a 2nd night of loud noise to keep me from sleeping.So in conclusion, I was deeply disappointed with this stay.  It seemed obvious that the hotel doesn't take as much pride in being special anymore.  Time to look elsewhere next time I'm in Vegas.
1	This hotel is Sadly going downhill. Attention to detail is lacking. I blame management for not insisting on higher standards. It'll be losing its place among elite hotels soon if it continues. I won't be back. In fact I contracted a bacterial stomach infection from their buffet!! Awful.
4	Myself and two friends stayed at the Aria for three nights at the beginning of March for a girls weekend in Vegas. I picked the Aria because of its location and the fact that none of us had stayed there before. Overall, we had a nice stay.Check-in and check-out were really easy; upon arrival on Friday night at 9:30 pm, there was no one in line, so I was able to be helped immediately. A few minutes later and I would have been in a 10 person deep line which is still not that bad by Vegas standards. Check-out can be done from the room, or by dropping keys off at the front desk. The guest room elevators are not a far walk from the front desk and not that hard to find - do make sure to have your room key ready to show to the security near the elevators.Upon entering the room, be ready for the lights to come on, curtains to open, soft music to play, and for the TV to have your name on it. They are all nice little touches, especially at night when you see the Strip light up as the curtains open. Our room, 14006, was a little hike from the elevators, but by the end of the our stay, it didn't seem that bad. The beds in the room were super comfortable and we melted into them at the end of every night. The bathroom is a good size, complete with double sinks, shower with soaking tub, and a toilet behind a frosted door. The shower was huge which made little things like shaving my legs really easy since I had plenty of room to spread out.During our stay at the Aria, we had dinner at Julian Serrano (see separate review), partied for a few hours at Haze (see separate review), had drinks at The Deuce Lounge, and of course gambled. The Jean Philippe Patisserie (located right outside the guest elevators) looked amazing, but I resisted temptation and didn't indulge in any sweets.Be warned that the Aria is huge, so we definitely got turned around a few times. Also the taxi stand is not right outside the doors  near the front desk - you actually need to walk about 180 degrees on the sidewalk to the taxi stand. It was a tad confusing at first and, personally, not the best design. Also there is nothing that really just wowed me about the property while walking around like The Cosmopolitan does. I wasn't blown away by the Aria which is why it only gets 4 stars from me. If I couldn't stay at the Cosmopolitan on a future Vegas trip, Aria would be one of my next choices.
5	We've never stayed at Aria before and must say it was a great experience.  The staff was extremely friendly.  The hotel was very clean, warm and inviting. The room was great.  Everything seemed new and very clean.  We will definitely stay here again.
5	Stayed over Thanksgiving 2012 for 4 days / 3 nights. Such a wonderful experience. Vegas was relatively empty right up until Thanksgiving Day, which was kind of nice. (The cab drivers however will tell you otherwise.)Every employee at the Aria seemed as if they were going out of their way to be courteous. And the Concierge was great when I wanted a floral display to surprise my girlfriend, suggesting a rose petal arrangement. And I was in awe when it didn't cost me an arm & a leg. The Aria is a bit pricier when it comes to their restaurants & casual eateries, but that's to be expected. For those on a budget, I would still suggest staying at the Aria & getting food elsewhere. Next door the Monte Carlo has a food court & more modestly priced casual dining. The Buffet was closed when I went, but I've eaten there before & I hope the renovations mean it's only getting better, because it was pretty good when I went in 2010.We stayed in a king room on the 22nd floor. Not the greatest view as we faced west away from the strip (and towards the Vdara & I-15). But the truth is when you're in Vegas how much time are you sitting in your room anyway. The room is very modern, with plugs to just about every type of electronic device you may have. There's also a bedside tablet that controls lighting, the TV, the blinds in the room, alarms, etc.Housekeeping was amazingly accommodating, always asking us exactly what we wanted switched out, leaving extra pillows without us asking (I assure you was going to ask), and even organizing our toiletries.What the Aria does is create an atmosphere of an entire staff being on the same page trying to create a unique & memorable experience while in Vegas. At least more so than any other hotel I've stayed at in Vegas. It is a little pricier than some of the other hotels on the strip, but it's absolutely worth it. If you can get a deal on the rooms, I highly recommend the Aria.Stayed November 2012, traveled as a couple
1	This was the WORST EXPERIENCE IVE EVER HAD! I even made a LIST of ALL THE BULLSHIT that went wrong on this trip! 1.took 45 minutes to find lobby2.lights in my hotel room didn't work3.not enough plug sockets in the room4.bad customer service all around the hotel (i was basically told that i was stupid for not knowing how to use the lights in the room!)5.loud booming music from night club forced me to chage rooms and kept me awake til 4am6.got into new room and the phone doesn't work7.I've had to spend 3/4ths of my time fixing shitty bullshit problems with this hotel!!!I WILL NEVER STAY IN THIS PIECE OF SHIT HOTEL EVER AGAIN! YOU SHOULDNT EITHER! This was a vacation for me birthday and it was RUINED by THE ARIA :"(
5	We stayed at the tower suite and it was an absolutely remarkable experience. The bathroom was huge and nicely done, the bed was comfortable, and the entire suite was spacious and well laid out. We enjoyed a great view, both day and night, and there was nothing about our stay that we did not like.I am a frequent traveler and I appreciated the variety of things we were provided with - from toothbrushes to shaving razors to bath soaps. Very nice!We did not really order any food as we were eating out and we never had to call the front desk for anything as there was nothing else we needed. The check-in and check-out process was very fast and easy. Absolutely enjoyable!
2	It's a beautiful hotel yes. Is it an expensive hotel for what you get YES. Did I have a good time, well hell it's Vegas. YES. Did I feel a little ripped off, YES.Would I stay there again,  NOOOOO , unless I want  to burn money like a crazy person .........Pros :LocationJean-Philippe Patisserie in the lobby, makes it all betterJulian Serrano - Tapas We asked for towels, and razors,  since house cleaning missed us one day, and they came up immediately.  They were very good about that. Cons1- 45 min wait for check - in on a Thursday morning at 9:30AM (UGH)  2-High Tech rooms? PUH LEASE  Not impress.... I had to buy a $10 cord to use my Spotify on my iphone.   I was a bit annoyed.  They should just provide those. 3-House Cleaning was missed one day, and we called and we called no one came. 4-They authorized some money on my CC and I am still calling them to get the money back..... 5-The night life is a bit slow at Aria for Vegas
4	I liked Aria.  I don't know why so many people give it unfavorable reviews.Yea, I think the casino could use a bit more personality, but that's about it.  The overall design of the place and all of the great food options are tough to beat.If you're looking for $1.00 beers and a $10.00 buffet, this isn't the place to be.  But you're also not going to step into someone's heroin overdose induced vomit stream on your way to get a scone in the morning...
5	Stayed here this past weekend. Superb hotel.  Nice as could not smell smoke in the room, hallways, elevators or restaurants.  Room was large, spotlessly clean and well appointed.  Remote battery was dead....housekeeping was there in 5 min to fix it.   Front desk was friendly and check in line moved quickly.  Bed was super comfy, good water pressure.  Easy parking.  I normally stay at TheHotel but this was a nice change and we would stay here again.
5	Great hotel, wonderful staff, very clean and new. Ilove this hotel and will away come back here.
4	I stayed at the corner suite not too long ago for five days and I had a wonderful experience at Aria. Upon check-in, which was quite late into the night, my boyfriend and I were upgraded to a corner suite with a panoramic view. I have got to say that that was something. The bedroom and bathroom each had half their windows looking out at The Strip while the living room had two sides looking out. The views were just amazing.In terms of space, well done Aria. The corner suite had 1.5 bathrooms (the master bathroom being almost the size of the bedroom itself), a mini foyer, a large living room with three sofas and a large bedroom. I was also pleasantly surprised by the cleanliness of the room (wasn't sure what to expect being in Vegas legally for the first time).The location of the hotel was great too. It is right across a huge shopping center and walking distance to a number of hotels such as Bellagio, Mandarin Oriental, etc. The casino and Aria's buffet are actually some of the nicer ones in comparison to TI, Paris, Monte Carlo and a few others. Aria also houses some delicious restaurants including bar MASA, Jean Georges, Julian Serrano, and Jean Philippe Patisserie (yummy, yummy desserts!). The staff were very friendly as well. On the last day, once knowing that my boyfriend and I had a flight to catch home, the lady who helped us check out gave us front-of-the-line passes to Aria's restaurants in case we had to wait. Little actions like these really make or break a hotel's customer service quality.In short, I really don't think I have anything negative to say about Aria from my experience! Oh, Aria is also home of Zarkana, a Cirque du Soleil show, and it is definitely one you want to see! The stunts are quite different from some other Cirque shows if you have seen more traditional Cirque shows, and the soundtrack was also wonderful.
2	I can sum up my current feelings about the Aria in one word: DeclineI just returned from my 3rd stay at the Aria in the past 2 years. This was my favorite hotel in Vegas until recently. I loved staying there and had not really given much thought to staying somewhere else. My previous trips were all excellent. Most people on here write a negative review that generally stems from an event or two that leaves a bad taste in their mouth .. like a broken lamp, a noisy neighboring room, housekeeping forgets to re-stock shampoo, etc ..However, I am disappointed in the overall decline in service at the Aria. During my last trip (5 days, 4 nights) the hotel just felt seriously understaffed at ever corner. Everything was a wait, everything. It feels like, and this may be true for all I know, that the hotel needed to cut costs and just laid off 30% of their staff. The hotel is still immensely popular, but at every turn it feels like they are running on a skeleton crew. I gambled at the tables for over 45 minutes before a waitress came by.  I waited at check-in for over 30 minutes. Every day I waited at least 20 minutes for breakfast at Cafe Vettro - and I went at various times .. 8:30, 9:30, 10:30 .. and every time I waited, and every time the restaurant was only half full. Anyways, I want to love this hotel again, but I don't think I'll be booking there in the future. It is a great facility, and a great location .. but I've been getting better service at hotels that I am not staying in. It's too bad they had such a fall from grace. I thought they were an exceptional hotel, but they could not keep it up.
4	Have stayed here about 3 times.  Rooms are pretty awesome, modern, good decor, clean.  No smoke smell in casino.  Yes, there can sometimes be a bit of a wait for check-in.  Julian Serrano's excellent contemporary Spanish restaurant.  Fitness and spa are state-of-the-art.  Hotel perfect location at City Center, easy access to strip and all things Vegas.
4	My wife's birthday surprise was a 3 days trip to Las Vegas and we delightfully were able to stay at the exquisite and charming Aria Hotel & Casino Resort.  We didn't realize how amazing the place would be.  We walked into our rooms after a bit of a long check-in and witnessed a beautiful room come to life.  Lights on, curtains open, and voila! Welcome to the Aria!  Room was absolutely spotless and comfortable too.  We had a phenomenal view of the strip and were able to explore all kinds of levels the hotel has to offer.  Now comes the time for Pros and ConsPros:Fantastic pool and spa location Gym offers a variety of workoutsFood throughout the hotel was decadently deliciousSpacious rooms and bathroomsGreat bathroom amenities selections Master light feature is fantastic(Curtain feature too)Decor of hotel is timelessly beautiful and the aroma was delightful.Bed was amazing!!!!Conceirge and overall staff iwas always helpful and courteous*Always make sure to get an advanced reservation with a package plan that includes free buffet meals.Cons:Sadly the pool is only open til 5pmTv could be a little slowFree internet connection took a bit of time to figure outTowels could be softerIf a Pina Colada with no alcohol, lower the cost, shouldn't be $15 for a juice drinkInternet machines(on casino floor) that cost money make sure they're all running properly.Have an accessible fridge and microwave optional to those that eat out and want to save their food/drink.This Hotel & Casino Resort truly is a 5-Star Caliber location.  My wife and I rate this 4.5 stars, though it'd be 4 by Yelp.  Like anything in life always room for improvement.   We highly recommend the hotel to anyone interested in staying in Vegas and look forward to coming and see if we can give them 5-Stars next time.
5	I've noticed a lot of negative reviews of this property, but I'm not sure exactly where they really are coming from. I've stayed at this property since going to Las Vegas has become sort of a "hobby" for my girlfriend and I. Anyways, some quick tips and then to a comprehensive review.QUICK TIPS! QUICK TIPS! QUICK TIPS!1. Parking is plentiful. After Harmon Way, there is an inlet for Crystals, Mandarin Oriental, and for Aria! 2. Instead of parking on the second floor of the parking structure, try parking on the THIRD FLOOR! That gives you direct access to the walkway to the casino and saves you an elevator trip.3. The 20 dollar tip trick has held true for me here. If you don't know what it is, it's a check-in trick that allows you to get a "complementary" upgrade from whoever checks you in.4. If you're going to Vegas for a specific reason--Bachelorette party, first time in Vegas, wedding anniversary, relationship anniversary, etc.--mention this when booking in the comment section and mention it again when you're checking in. It pays to be excited! They might be able to comp you some shows or send you up a dessert platter on the house.5. If you're looking for a quick bite, Jean Phillipe is just downstairs to the right of the elevators. No fancy chocolate fountain, but a smaller wait and less tourists taking photos.6. There is a tram that has three stops: 1. Monte Carlo/Parking lot of the Aria, which is really the entrance to the casino on the third floor of the parking structure; 2. Crystals for shopping, also has the best direct entrance to the check-in area, 3. Bellagio/Vdara, both are accessible from that location7. Turn down service! Request this and you get some awesome chocolates and nice comfy slippers. Pretty standard at most hotels, but at Aria it feels like a treat. Really romantic for couples. :)Now the real deal, the big review.I love the Aria. I won't ever cheat on the Aria as long as they can still serve up the fantastic room deals that they usually have. We just got back yesterday from our trip and we were able to book at $95 a night with $100 Food and Beverage credit. Look for the deals and avoid the upsell. You can easily tip the person checking you in a $20 to secure a higher floor with view or even if you go all out a panoramic corner suite. This is what me and my girlfriend was able to get to! We had an awesome person check us in early in the afternoon who hooked us up majorly.Anyways, this hotel is my favorite place to stay because of the service, the decor, the rooms, and the gaming area. In terms of service, it's a big deal for me to see people actually greet you in the morning with a genuine smile. I know that it's difficult to work in the service industry, but I've never had a really bad complaint about the service. Sure, sometimes the shampoo is a little low or a robe never makes it back from the laundry. However, whenever we complained about any housekeeping detail, the staff has been incredibly apologetic and willing to bend over backwards to make it right for us.Next, I want to say that the rooms are lavish and the bed is fantastic. To be honest, the bed feels like sleeping on a cloud with all that padding. Sometimes though I find the bed to be too soft (First World Problems, I know!) and I end up aching a bit. But, the rooms have been designed with some comfort in mind. I love the shower/tub design that most resort rooms are fitted with. I'm not so much a fan of how the corner suites are set up, but that's another issue because they are still incredibly comfortable.For me, another thing that makes the Aria stand out is how awesome the decor is. It feels very modern, clean, and very comfortable. The subtle and unmistakeable vanilla smell radiates throughout the casino floor. It made me want to get an ice cream! The other thing that I've noticed is that the smell of smoke is really well contained in the Aria. This also brings me to the next point about the gaming area, I've never had any problems with the dealers or finding a cocktail waitress. In fact, most of the time I've had them come within five or so minutes of me sitting down or have had them come by multiple times. Even during the down times in mid day or late morning, there was nothing that caused me to believe that we wouldn't get good service. Furthermore, the tables and chairs are all comfortable and the slot chairs are well padded!I've had nothing but very positive experiences with the Aria, and I can't wait to get back there again sometime in the future!
4	Stayed 3 nights for the first time and very much enjoyed this hotel. The rooms cool down quite a bit which is great for the hot summer days since the rooms have floor to ceiling windows and the beds are outstandingly comfortable! The only problem I had is that room service never serviced our room one day. Left the room at 11am; came back at 4:30p and it was still dirty. Had to call housekeeping and ask for the room to be cleaned and they were very nice and had someone there in 30 minutes. I had left a note for housekeeping to replenish the stationary, but it went unnoticed. I only had 2 envelopes but no letterhead in the drawer. I had to call and ask twice for some to be brought up and what was brought was 3 ink pens and the small note pad lol. At least it was brought in a nice bag. The towels in the rooms are ribbed and very tough so they didn't feel very good on the body drying off from the shower.Pools were nice and heated, but on the day I went swimming it was only 72 out and windy, so the heated pool felt a little chilly. The large hot tubs were very hot tho.I was asked if I was celebrating anything special upon check-in and told them it was my birthday in a few days (the reason for the trip to Vegas) and was brought up chocolate covered strawberries and little dessert cakes.It was nice to be able to call down and let valet know to bring my car around, and everytime I parked using valet they said hello, told me their name and welcome back.
5	love it
1	Terrible.I ordered a burger at the pool and got food poisoning. I attempted to sleep it off in between trips to the bathroom, but couldn't even think about resting as the beds here have 12 inches of pillow top. It's like sleeping on a bean bag. If you want any back support, you're going to be miserable. My lower back is in terrible pain.Apart from serving tainted food, the pool area is super bland and very uninspiring. Then there is "Liquid" - a genius name for a pool. It's insanely small, blasts the most standard Jersey Shore music you could ever hear, and costs $100 to sit down. You will definitely feel like a chump as you walk out to go to the "normal" pools because it's so bad in there.The casino/hotel itself is also amazingly bland. It's "contemporary" maybe, but has absolutely no personality and bored me to death.
2	Although the hotel itself is beautiful, the problem is they put too much attention to the look and not enough in the service, and there are of course hidden fees.We were charged a resort fee on top of already paying for the hotel room. The toilet pipe actually broke!!!! That was a HUGE con. We have been to many gorgeous hotels, and even less than 5 star hotels and never has something like that happened to us. Housekeeping skipped our room one day, and came much later when we called. When it finally came time to check out... we were unable to do it through the TV. So we called from our room to check out, only to be placed on hold for 10 minutes. Finally when the staff returns, they say not only can we not check out over the phone, but that, we are 10 minutes late in checking out and may have been charged for the next day!Why were we not told to that checking out over the phone is not possible in the first place!!! So we go downstairs to check out like everyone else, and of course there is a LONG line...mind you this is a random middle of the week Wednesday we checked out.In the end there was no way we were going to let them charge us an extra day. All in all...aria is all hype!
4	Aria is one of the newest Hotel/Casinos on the strip.It has that whole modern/clean look, the designers here,also executed the remodel beautifully.It's pretty small and crammed between others though, so that its hard to figure out when you are in which Casino/Hotel.Not big enough to spend the entire day in but nice to stroll through and stop to have a drink/meal/gamble in a gorgeous atmosphere.
3	I finally stayed at Aria recently. It was a quick trip to Vegas, but I was excited about trying something new for a change. I've stayed at many of the hotels on the strip incl Bellagio, Venetian, Palazzo, TI, Mirage, Encore, Wynn, but hadn't ventured to the city center hotels. Since a lot has already been said about Aria, I'll just quickly list out some things I remember.Pros:- Very new and modern, especially the rooms. They aren't the biggest in size, but they are clean and I like the robes, texture of the bath towels (yes I'm weird), and how there are his and her closets- Blossom restaurant was the highlight of the weekend. It's a more pricey asian restaurant, but the service, quality of food, and taste were impeccable. I would come back to Aria just to eat here again. Make sure you make reservations early though!- Fitness room is really nice, clean, and provides free water and towels. It's a bit of a trek to get to, however.- self parking is available. it's on the opposite side of the lobby/check-in, so if you have lots of stuff and you don't want to valet, maybe drop off the ppl/luggage first and then park (FYI - you enter the self park FROM the strip and then it will be on your left).Cons:- A little dark overall. The entire casino/hotel is not very bright and airy, which can feel slightly depressing (at least to me). My favorite hotel is Encore, so if you've been to both, you know why I'm saying this.- Our room was REALLY far from the elevator. Like almost laughable. I tried to time it once and I think it took 2 minutes to walk to the elevator. This was really annoying. I don't know if this applies to most, few, some rooms but this was bothersome to me, especially in 5 inch heels ;)- the "black out" curtains weren't actually BLACK OUT. NOOOOOOOOO. Nothing worse than waking up after a night out in Vegas to a line of bright daylight peeking through the top of your curtains. - the curtains broke during our stay. someone came up about 30 min later to fix it, but it was still annoying. - if you receive a resort credit, be prepared to wait to get to actually use it. whenever you use it, they need to call a special person to "approve" the credit and when we ate lunch, we had to wait 15 min b/c the person wasn't picking up the phone. if you're going to give the credit, that's nice and fine, but don't make it inconvenient to use.- the WORST: LIGHT SWITCHES IN THE ROOM DONT WORK WELL! You have to press the buttons like 5 times to get anything to work and then they don't do what you want, green and blue lights mean something. but it was the most annoying thing i've ever seen. good idea, but horrible execution.
1	Wow Aria! You really went out of your way this time! Above and beyond! That's right; you made it painfully clear you do not wish us to return. It wasn't just the bait-and-switch of reservation prices at the counter, nooo, you went all out and gave both my wife and myself food poisoning from the buffet! I spent the better part of 3am expelling your buffet! Nice touch! So nice in fact, we cancelled our reservations at Picasso so we could reminisce poolside amongst the myriad of helicopters about the buffet. The experience was so poor, my wife and I simultaneously decided we not be returning to Las Vegas anytime soon. But more certainly, we would never return to the Aria.
2	Meh.Aria is a big casino/hotel in Vegas. We had reserved a 3 night stay with them in an average 'Po folks" room on the 19th floor. Checking in was fine, it didn't take more than 20 minutes.We got to the room and it was what you'd expect - a king sized bed, carpeting, a large bathroom with a full deep tub and separate shower, a toilet in a fuzzy glass separated area, and a vanity with a pull out mirror for the women who like to stare at their pores. Seeing as how I was sharing the room with my husband, I noticed right away that there was no fan/vent system in the bathroom. Great.We left the room for a bit the first day, came back that evening after eating at the buffet, and were preparing to hop into bed. We performed a check of the mattress for insects, and though we were thrilled not to find any of those, we DID find numerous large stains on the mattress top. Gross!!! However, since it was late, we put the sheets back on, spread out a couple towels on top, and went to sleep. We were awaken by a noise a couple hours later.Was it Santa on the roof with his eight tiny reindeer???? No! It was a police siren zipping by directly under our window, Okay, that's fine. Back to sleep. NO! Another siren 30 minutes later. Then another an hour later, then another 20 minutes later. Speckled in between were ambulance noises and someones loud car alarm that seemed to have been planted directly outside our room's window and took 20 minutes to get turned off. We did not sleep well that night.The next morning, we went to speak with the front desk to request a room change. They first wanted to get us a new mattress due to the stains, but then we also brought up the noise, admitting that it was NOT the hotels fault and that they cannot control that type of thing. A maid supervisor came to the room and acted appalled at seeing the gross mattress. They decided to honor our request and switched us to another room... directly beneath the room we were already in. Actually, it was 3 floors lower than the previous room, even closer to the nighttime traffic. Ugh!! Luckily, once in the new room, they called us and said the change didn't make sense, and they asked us to cross the hallway to a third room. Fine, done. Stupendous.Of course, once outside the newest room, our keycards wouldn't work. So we stood in the hallway like dolts (waiting for the keys to switch over) for about 10 minutes until the cleaning ladies became suspicious of us. Soon after, the floor manager appeared asking us what we were doing. We explained and he used his master key card to let us into the room.Once inside, we were going to nap and watch some cable (we only have antennae TV at home, so cable is exciting to us). We flipped on the TV and.... nothing. PHILLIPS flashed on the screens briefly and then everything went black. We took deep breaths, said prayers, crossed fingers, and tried again. Same result. Soooo, feeling horrible about being whiny guests, we called the front desk. Again. So they sent someone up. Again.The tech guy came in, re-plugged in a cable, and left. Great! TV worked, super! The front desk gave us a food credit for our troubles.Shortly thereafter, my husband found a nice gift sitting outside our door. It was a dessert plate of chocolate covered macaroons and strawberries. Being a chocolate lover and feeling warm and fuzzy at this kind gesture, I poured the entire plate onto my face. Kidding. But I did begin to eat the chocolate covered strawberries. I noticed instantly that they tasted fermented, but my husband convinced me it must a be a 'liquor' they were soaked in. I ate 2 of the 3 strawberries before noticing the mold growing on the tops. I froze and dropped the plate on the bed, feeling shameful for being such a Hoover and not noticing the mold beforehand. Disgusting!My hubby went downstairs to notify the front desk. He didn't want to complain again, but he thought it should be noted that they were giving away moldy food. They acted surprised, but who knows. That night, we got into room pretty late after seeing a show. It was around 11p.m., and I was hungry since we hadn't had dinner. I called room service to order a plain cheese pizza. 20 minutes past midnight, it still hadn't arrived and I was getting tired instead of hungry. I had tried to give them the benefit of the doubt, but ended up calling them again to inquire about the food, since I'm sure I was charged for it immediately. They said it was on its way. 10 minutes later, it arrived and the delivery guy said he had no explanation, but that it was simply their fault, and he apologized. They did not charge for the pizza, which was gross anyway. I barely touched it, it was so sub-par.At the buffet, while our waitress was polite, she neglected our water orders a total of 3 times, despite acknowledging that she kept forgetting it. That's all I have to say about that.
4	this place was awesome !!!! and jean phillipe patersariee wowwwwwwwwwwww!!! rooms and places are always clean they are on there a game about serve and cleaninesss!!! gottta give them cresit for that... p.s i paid extra for the strip view and i didnt think it woas worth the money because of that tall building in front blocking everything lol 1!!
4	Nice high tech, newer clean hotel and casino. The room and bathroom were top notch. The location was better than I thought. It was pretty easy to be at the Tropicana corner with MGM and NY NY right there. Also easy to get over to Bellagio and anything close to it using the free monorail. The house keeping was by far the best I've ever seen. Checked in and went back out at night. Came back to the room and somebody had been in there organizing our stuff and putting out the slippers and chocolates. Very impressive. We had only been there for a few hours. My only complaint and reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was the line for check in and out. I know it's a 4000 room hotel but with all the technology in this place you'd think there would be a better way. Kiosk maybe? Still hate the resort fees too. Been to Vegas 24 times now and this is probably a top 3 place for me to stay.
2	My wife and i stayed at Aria March 31-April 5 for our anniversary. Check in was fine, and we looked forward to the experience that we heard so much about....opening your door and having the lights and music coming on along with the curtains opening....didn\t happen....we walked into a dark room trying to find a light switch. .The  room is nothing special at all....nothing like we expected.The hype by the hotel and other guests on review sites make me wonder if they have been to other nice hotels at all. The connectivity panel didn't work and calling the desk didn't provide a solution. We came back to our room about 1:00 AM to find the curtains stuck open and with all the light from the surrounding buildings and the sunlight in the morning, this was going to be a problem. I called the front desk and they said it would looked after promptly. After an hour wait I called again and was connected to the maintenance people who told me they were never told of our problem by the front desk. Half an our later our curtains were fixed. For us it was all in all a poor experience for 5 days. there are better places to stay in Vegas. We spent 5 nights at the Cosmopolitan in Spetember and they have Aria beat in all aspects....value, location on the strip, rooms, value and attitude. Don't believe all the hype this place gets.....it's a 3 dressed up as a 9.
5	This is one of the better hotels I've stayed at in Las Vegas. Take this review with a grain of salt, because I've stayed at alot of craptacular hotels especially in my younger days. I'm talking Rodeway Inn, Hooters, Riviera, Circus Circus. I thought I was bout dat life when I was in my twenties.Thought I was doing it big. ha.Aria is a modern hotel with really awesome conveniences that one would expect at this price point. I believe they were charging $450 the night we stayed. When the wifey and I walked in we were greeted with a spacious room, modern decor, a mandigo sized bed and views of the strip that were gnar. Everything in the place was  controlled by a tablet  that allowed you to open and close the blackout curtains, dim the lights. Very convenient. Very pimp. Very Fresh Prince of Bel Air.The lobby and checkin is like Lindsey Lohan. A hot mess. However, once you get through that painful line it is all good in the hood.I really can't see myself staying at a hooters or circus circus again. I can't.
4	Kinda boring here, but very modern and clean.
4	Aria was awesome....ignore the whining and crying reviews dissing this place---Room was awesome got upgraded to a Tower mini suite awesome view on the 51st floor...very quiet, bathroom even had a bidet!Buffet was hands-down the best I've ever eaten at...Top NotchService was great, only negative it was a little pricey, but still a better value than Wynn/Encore with more action, better location and essentially the same room amenities......I will repeat here.
2	The Aria is really impressive to look at but it just feels like they don't trust me!The rooms are pretty nice.  I was impressed when on opening the door the window blinds automatically opened up and the TV turned itself on.  That was pretty snazzy.What I didn't like was that when I checked into the room they basically hit you with a bunch of bullshit fees and warnings.  Like a bunch of hotels in Vegas they hit you with a 'resort' fee of $25/day.  For this fee you get wireless in your room and to use the gym.  Please don't bullshit me Aria, just put the stupid fee in the price of the room.The other thing that I really loved when I was checking in was the 3 minute long warning that I got about the mini bar.  Apparently everything in the mini bar is weighted and the bar itself has a built in scale.  I was warned that as soon as a mini bar item was picked up the room would be charged.  So pick up a bottle of water and you just bought it.  Pretty classic.I was also warned that if you put something into the mini bar to store it you get charged a $50 per day 'storage' charge.  The receptionist added that the bar itself isn't cold enough to preserve anything and that people will put yogurt in there but the yogurt goes bad because the bar isn't cold enough so the mini bar should not be used to keep things cold BUT if it was used they would charge $50 per day for storage.  She added that if cold storage was needed they could rent me a refrigerator for $25 per day.  These guys have really got the art of bullshit charges down to a science - but that is expected as it is Vegas!  I am really impressed by how much thought went into the whole mini bar system - they have more computer power running the mini bars than went into the rockets that went TO THE MOON!I probably wouldn't stay here again just because of all of the stupid fees that they try and hit you with but given that The Aria is owned by the MGM and they own about half of the strip, I expect most of the MGM properties are about the same.
4	I stayed at the Aria just last week when I got kicked out of my other hotel. I needed something fast and in a pinch. I called and they said to just come on in and they would take care of me. After pulling into the wrong valet side, I was told to go to the other side which took me a good solid 20 minutes to navigate. The whole check in process took about 20 minutes. The one thing that sucked was the 25$ "resort" fee they tacked on to the room. A standard king ran me 400$ for a Saturday night, kinda pricey for a regular room.Once I got to the room it was nice. It wasn't over the top nice but it worked. The bathroom had everything we needed and the room did as well. The bed was super comfy and the pillows as well. I opened up the wardrobe and found a robe and slippers that was a major plus in my book. The channels on the tv kinda sucked and they had NO rap music stations to listen to. Room service was way too overpriced for my liking so I decided to hit the buffet. It was meh BUT they had all you can drink  beer/mimosa's for 12.99 . I WAS ALL OVER THAT. I gambled a bit and ran into Dirt Nasty and Riff Raff in the casino. Overall this casino is super nice, new and very professional. I only dinged it a star for the price.
4	I stayed at the Aria a few weeks ago. It is a very nice upscale and beautiful hotel. It is a large hotel and can overwhelm when you first arrive. Check-in is friendly and rather quick for the lines they have. Most of the stores, bars and restaurants are what I would consider to be upscale. It is in a nice location which is located in the midst of the strip. The rooms were comfortable. Technology at its best with remote lighting, curtains, etc. Overall, it was a great experience.
5	My favorite place to stay...Clean, Affordable (when you get a good deal), smells great & front desk/staff was awesome. Ill be back.
2	My pet peeve is people who don't listen or learn from other people. In this case that person is me. My previous reviews have not been gushing about this place; still I return. My greed, taking a very good rate caused it.  Must be genetic. Amazingly "The Aria" has the best valet parking of the "luxury hotels" I've been to on the strip. That being said let me count the ways the Aria is frustratingly not a contender.1- Check in lines too long-2-very little shower pressure-3-housekeeping, with many calls sporadic, certainly not 4 or 5 star.-4-Check out a horror,A-can not check out on TV even though they say you can-B-20 minute WAIT TO REACH FRONT DESK FOR CHECKOUT and finally had to call a managers office to check out-C- Person checking us out never apologized-5-Buffet is as mediocre as it gets. Lots of food but all that we ate was mediocre or less-6- Concierge casual, not helpful but very full of themselves. Tried to get the menus for a few hotel restaurants. "They don"t do that". Either does Motel 6. Ended up getting $150 in food credits. $50 of which I was never told of. Would have much preferred the service and attitude portrayed in Aria's ads. Next trip I'm back to Encore; my current favorite. Bellagio is not to be denied either. I am going to try and listen to me next time.
4	Have been coming here for a few years for various reason, sometimes for event at the convention centre and sometime to stay a few nights. As far as the hotel stays is, it's sits near the top of my Vegas experiences, a bit below than THEHotel but at a par with Mandalay Bay. I did like it a bit better than Bellagio. Rooms are large and comfortable and I did enjoy the room automation and one feature in particular where you can program the shades to open at a certain time and let the light wake you up instead of a buzzer... way cool!They also large a fair size convention center area on three floors that is quite nice. I also enjoyed the casino space and the good buffet.Aria is connected connected directly to the Monte-Carlo and has a tram to the Crystals and the Bellagio.
4	One more review of a Vegas Mega Resort!In reading these reviews, I agree with some, disagree with others.  So what can I say that is different?  Not much.  If you are a fan of technology you will like this hotel.  If you are over 60, you will not.If you like a limited view of the strip you will like it.  If you don't you won't.If you understand that Vegas is no longer a bargain vacation, this place will be right up your alley.  If you expect staying on the cheap, you won't.Everyone has their own preferences, that is what makes Las Vegas so special. Whatever you like, you will be able to find.  We came to Las Vegas to celebrate my 50th Birthday.  I came with my partner and four of our friends.  I chose the Aria because the last time I was in town, it was still under construction and it looked like it was going to be a great place.  I liked it.  I didn't 'love' it, but I liked it.I asked what the $25 'resort' fee was actually for and got some mumbo jumbo, but I really didn't care.  What I was a little confused about was the maid service.  I know they are trying to be 'green' and all, but seriously? I have to request that my room be made up each day?  And even then, they didn't do a very good job of making up the room.  They never even dusted.BUT, the room was nice, the bed comfortable, and the chairs comfy.  We ate at Jean Georges one night and had breakfast in the Buffet one morning.  Both were wonderful.The Aria is spacious and well apportioned.  However, if you are afraid of flying insects, you will NOT like the lobby.
4	3.5 to 4.5 stars (depending on experience)-I really always want to love this hotel. It's so hip, so modern, so glamorous. Sometimes though, it fails to live up to expectations. At first, the visit was not so great. Luckily the concierge was very nice and helpful. Our first room had potato chips ground into the carpet everywhere. Called concierge and they moved us. The second room was not made yet and still had dirty towels and was unmade- they gladly moved us again. Third room was great. We had a view of the fountains and they also gave us $100 credit for all the troubles. I was glad to see how helpful they were! The rooms are really nice, except sometimes the technology doesn't work and it's semi-frustrating. Very nice mega-resort, and definitely a must stay for location and modern atmosphere.Tips- Eat at Julian Serrano and SageDon't see the Cirque here, go elsewhere (highly recommend "O")
5	Arriving at the Aria on a Friday afternoon had me scared when we saw that the check-in line was 50-deep. But after taking a deep breath and a look around (pretty!), I stood my place in line and my sweet boyfriend went on a cocktail run. 20 minutes and one drink later, we were checked in to our room and handed a VIP envelope full of drink vouchers and club passes (yay!). Went up to the room, and was very impressed! This is a bachelor pad that is suitable for a woman. Loved the decor and the modern features. Had a wondeful 24 hours and decided that this is the go-to hotel for future Vegas trips.  Some highlights: -Pools... they are not over the top but just right. There are 3 pools and the Liquid Lounge (pool party 21+ pool).. get there early to snag a lounge chair. MUST try the Berry Basil Mojito, I am in love with this drink.-Javiers... this is supposedly the same design as the Cabo Javiers (minus the view!) Amazing cadillac margaritas.-Location... $20 cab ride from the airport, centrally located on the strip, bridge to the Cosmopolitan hotel where the fun night spots are.-Cleanliness of the hotel... I know it is a new hotel and in ten years things will be different, but it looked clean, smelt clean and for the first time I didnt come home with everything in my bag smelling like "Vegas"
3	Just stayed 3 nights at the Aria Resort Hotel & Casino - beautiful decor and location, enjoyed lots of fun activities like golf, fine dining, gambling, and shopping- so the mini vacation was a hit with us.There were a few aspects of the hotel accommodations that were surprising and should be corrected - both of our bathroom sinks would not drain with as little as hand-washing quantities of water ick. We would've mentioned it to room service..if we had ever seen her after the first day. Also, for some bizarre reason, while the bathrobes were a beautiful weight and fabric, one arm of one had been completely cut from shoulder to cuff.. You would think Laundry would've noticed that or at least whomever hung it in the closet for incoming guests..we would've asked for a replacement robe from room service, but again, she did not clean our room after the first night ..Highlights were: comfy bed and automated window drapes, Restaurants American Fish and Serrano and the British Pub too - all great food and service!
4	Hubby and I went for our first trip together to Las Vegas. Arrived during the weekday at the hotel. Valet was very helpful. Check in was quick - not a lot of people. Asked for a high floor, non smoking king bed room. We got a room on 28th floor. As soon as we walked in, the curtains opened and TV turned on. The room came with this iPad like thing that controlled everything electrical in the room. It took me day 2 to figure how to just turn off TV. Loved the iPad remote control- makes one lazy- love it!! The room was spacious and clean. Loved the soap/shampoo/body wash/ moisturizer. It smelled good. Because I have back issues, I can only sleep on firm beds else with wake up with back pain. The bed felt soft but was firm if that makes any senses. It was super comfy and I loved the pillows- so soft. The house cleaning staff were really nice - I think it helped that we left small tip every day. Our soaps were always refilled. The hotel is huge- wear comfy shoes. The decor is very clean looking, modern, beautiful. We walked through the lobby of Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, Caesar's  Palace, Paris, and felt that Aria surpassed all in beauty- fresher smelling lobby ( not smoky), clean, well light, large space with lots of slot machines. Also the margaritas served during our time playing slot machines was generous in alcohol and tasted great- larger glass than Caesar's and Paris hotel.  There's a backery called Jean Phillipe right next to the guest elevators. U must try their almost croissant - a buttery, flaky, almond butter piece of heaven. We ate that every day- I am still dreaming about it. Upon check out, we asked if they could waive the resort fees since we didn't use those amenities - they said no. Strange since I read other reviewers got theirs waived. Please remember those fees add up- $112 for 4 nights which is high, especially if u don't use the amenities and to charge tax on resort fees seems a little too much for me.  Also, upon check out, they tried to charge us for two Fiji bottles of water which we did not use. I have to say an issue I had with the room was that there was this loud popping noise every 3 hours which woke me up. At first I thought a bird flew into the window since it scared the crap out of me the first time. But I watched the windows and no birds. I have no idea where that noise came from. The view from our room was beautiful.   I appreciated the front desk being able to accommodate our requests. The only other issue I had was that I started breaking out really bad from buttocks to ankles. I was so itchy every day and had red bumps/welts on my skin, especially my legs. I don't know what is was. I put lotion on every night to alleviate the itching. At first, I thought bed bugs but the hubby didn't have any issues that I had. But of course, being a man, he is hairy and if I was a bug or flea- that would take too much work.  We have been home and the itchiness has gone away. I don't know what caused the itching- maybe the body wash and dry skin? The one thing I really liked is that this hotel didn't smell like cigarettes. It actually smelled clean with a slight flower scent. For people who are allergic to smoke, u will appreciate this when u visit the older hotels that reeks of smoke. If we are to return to LV, we might stay here again.
5	The staff has been really great. I had a few unusual requests.I love that Aria is kinda arty for the strip. I am a huge fan of Frank Gehry, so I appreciate the architecture of Crystals in the likeness of the LA philharmonic. There are some tranquil spaces & sculptures on Gallery Row. Maestros has a very interesting wood cage "treehouse". It is modern chic but also playful and whimsical.I like
4	I waited to review this place until after my stay at the Cosmopolitan a mere 7 weeks later so that I could do a comparison. I didn't think too much about this place and would have given it 3 stars, but after my recent stay at the Cosmo, my appreciation for Aria raised its ratings. My initial opinion of this place was that it appears they were trying too hard but fell a little short. There were so many little blemishes on the property that I'd never noticed elsewhere. Such as the hardware on the padded, embroidered walls (which were unique by the way) were screwed on so tight that the indentations were  extremely noticeable. It took away the beauty of the walls. The drawers in the room had really bad scratches, which I thought was strange to see in such a fairly new building. A long, orange power cord was left in the room, in plain sight. These and a few of other little things seem petty, I know. However, they were noticeable enough to grab my attention as I never cared to inspect such things (the wall thing sounds ridiculous but trust me, it'll catch your eyes). The one thing that I took for granted until I stayed at the Cosmo was the modern technology. Hallelujah! Everything was controlled via a touchscreen remote control/pad. I can turn off the lights and blinds at once with ease. The decor of the room was decent, I don't recall being blown away, but I wasn't disappointed either. Everything was standard/expected of a 5-star hotel such as double sinks with granite top, secluded toilet, and stand up shower - with seats!Overall, if you're not a picky hotel patron like me then you'd love this place.
4	I've decided to go ahead and start logging my Vegas hotel experiences.  I've been in a lot of them the past few years and I usually try different ones based on what deal I can get and where I have and have not stayed.The Aria is extremely modern and beautiful.  Years of smoking in the older hotels tends to make the hotels smell a little but it looks like the Aria was designed to inhibit this.  The casino itself has high ceilings and is insanely beautiful.  When you walk in there is a whiff of vanilla to greet you and leave you with a nice impression.The rooms themselves are quite nice.  I think the cheapest I've ever found on a busy time was about $125/night, which isn't bad considering how fancy the room is.  There is a $25 resort fee which is annoying but I really do use the wifi and it's included so I'm not complaining too much.  If I went to a Harrah's hotel with no resort fees, the wifi is like $20/day.  Might as well pay the extra $5 and get full gym access too with all the bottles of water I can bring back to my room.  I've only stayed in their basic rooms but they are still super nice.  When you walk in, everything powers on and everything is controlled by a touchpad that sits on your nightstand.  Bathrooms super clean and everything just has a nice touch to it.  The beds are something I just melt in...I've never had a rough time sleeping in an Aria bed.  I've never  had an issue with customer service at this hotel nor really any problems whatsoever.  I dinged a star because it is somewhat pricey and the rooms are VERY far from the elevators.  It's a good 3-5 minute walk in some cases from the elevator to your room and it's easy to get lost.  Much like every Vegas hotel, look for a deal online somewhere if you decide to book here.edit:  Crap forgot to review the buffet.The Aria Buffet is quite nice.  I've only had it for brunch but it's about $35 (pricey) but they serve lobster and all sorts of seafood during the brunch buffet too so I'll deal with it.  I've never really had anything awful from this buffet so I think it's worth it.
2	Meh. I've experienced better.Yup, I don't think this is a 5-star hotel. I was unimpressed, and here's why:1) Took almost an hour to check-in. 2) Requested a non-smoking room, but instead received a smoking room (11th floor) when the front desk told me they the non-smoking rooms were all unavailable. After leaving the lobby, I spoke with my co-worker, who waited behind me in line to check-in that went to another front desk representative, actually received a non-smoking room (30th floor). My front desk representative did offer me that they would switch me to a non-smoking room the next day because Housekeeping clean the room around the clock, and that they would leave me a message on my room phone with the new room # the next morning and I can just pack up my belongings and move effortlessly. That never happen.   3) I saw a bug crawled up on the left side of the bedsheet the first night I was there. Eek. 4) Two lamps in my room did not work.I completed an online survey shortly after my stay (in March '13), and let the Guest Relations personnel know of my experience. They've offered me an upgrade to a Corner Suite. How thoughtful of them. It would work if I decide to stay with them in the future. However, I really don't see myself returning to Aria. It's just not my cup of tea.
3	Booked a hotel- air fare package through a major airline - SW airlines and Aria hotel round trip from Dallas area- 5 days. It was made clear the total price did NOT include daily resort fee of $28 so no surprises at check- in. But I must still complain about this bogus fee that entitles the consumer to NOTHING. When will the marketing people and the tax people get together and agree that this bogus charge is a tax which I think most people would more readily accept than  a fee for which  you receive nothing of value. As so many others have said here, long lines at check- in- because of flight delays, we checked in around midnight and had lots of company. Throughout our five-day stay, no matter whether it was early morning, afternoon or late night, there were ALWAYS long lines at check- in. Maybe Aria considers this a plus- a sign that the hotel is very popular. What it translated to me as a customer was a hotel that has to be making a fortune based on room rates, restaurant pricing and casino pay- outs but isn't willing to hire enough staff to speed up check- in. The rooms were spacious enough and the beds are very comfy but they are so BROWN - decor is dark, dull and boring. The high- tech systems for turning on lights, setting room temp, opening curtains, etc are very cool but when you walk into the room for the first time at midnight, you'll find yourself patting the wall surfaces just to try to find some light so you can get inside with your bags. Not practical. I was amazed at the lack of any bath mat or safe flooring in the shower which is extremely slippery when wet. The lack of in- room coffee makers is a HUGE misstep- the closest place for morning coffee is an overpriced bakery downtairs with annoying humongous lines - a coffee and muffin will set you back $10 and there's inadequate seating. The casino isn't exceptional- too many $1 slots and the payouts on all slots suck. We enjoyed the free tram connection to Crystal Center , Bellagio and Monte Carlo but Crystal is a waste of space- nothing there except Chanel, Dior and other luxury retailers- noticed none of them had any customers. A More affordable variety of food choices would have been welcomed. Aria buffet is to be avoided- food is very average and it's overpriced compared to other hotel buffets. Atmosphere is like a high school   cafeteria. Lemongrass was the only hotel  restaurant we used- there are several but they are all overpriced. The food is great- for two with one cocktail each, no desserts, two entrees- $150 including tip.  hotel    location  is good - basically the middle of the strip. Probably would not   stay there again. Not worth the prices we paid for room or food.
4	I would hate to be the maintenance guy for a Vegas hotel.  Hotels on the strip get worked - hard.  After a few years, your typical Vegas-strip hotel starts to look like a Motel-6 with a Cirque du Soleil show, slot machines, and a mall.When I have to go, I try to stay in a newer place.  Thus, I've stayed in the Aria.  It's only a few years old, still smells nice, and the rooms are still somewhat fresh (you just don't want to think much about what has gone on in there before you ever booked the room).The pool is large, and they have an adults only pool, which is really just a night-club with loud music, college students, and booze.  The restaurants are one of the shining points of the Aria.  Bar Masa is fantastic, as is Sirio.  Everything else rates as very good.  As with all Vegas hotels, the people watching is interesting, and there will be things that you just can't un-see, but overall the crowd is more upscale than say the Hard Rock or The Palms.So, until an even newer, cleaner, more upscale hotel is built on the strip, I'll stay at the Aria when I find myself in Vegas.
5	Every so often I get these special promotional rates from my M-Life players card to stay here for some unspeakable prices per night for a room! Well of course i take advatage of these and let me say that even the stardard rooms here at ARIA are amazing and for the prices i usually can land them at it's almost too good to be true. The only thing i could say that i don't like about almost all the casino and hotels on the strip is that $25 resort fee. Makes no sense because if somebody really doesn't have a need for the half [--] wifi and newspaper then why charge them? Anyways all the other wondefrful things about this hotel make-up for this crazy fee. Most of the time i check in i'm always automatically upgraded to a room on a high floor WITH a view! Love it here! Never really use the room service for food because i get comps to the buffet and other food credit's around the casino! Gotta love the M-Life membership! The rooms are wonderful with the most comfortable beds i've ever slept in and the housekeeping is awesome too! Always get a late check out if it's available! Between Cosmo and here i would choose Aria Sky Suites because the service is just better overall. 5-stars across the board! Go ARIA!
3	Stayed at Aria for a conf 4/22/13  - 4/24. Hotel luxe is 4 stars, hotel serice is 2 stars...so 3 star avrg.Good-The hotel is beautiful, a modern feast for the eyes in every direction. The bar justvinside the checkin has delish, fun & unique drinks. Some Vegas hotels try to reproduce an 'old world' feeling, but Aria is contemporary and luxe. Decorated periodically with florals by Kim Parker which offered some whimsical color thruout the otherwise rustically elegant high-end decor. The checkin line was a little too long for a Monday afternoon & the woman who checked me in was less than friendly. I had to ask about & pay to upgrade to a king room (with a "view") even though I had booked a standard king room 3 months ago because all they had was dbl queen rooms. The room itself was nice but the "cutesy" light switches are dumb. Theres a delay when you hit the switch and several dim/on/off options within the same switch so kinda hard to figure out. Mastros Ocean Club right outside Aria is excellent for dinner in the treehouse and thevpiano bar singers are sooooo good, not cheesy Vegas lounge lizards.Not so good - Showing the key to the "elevator keeper"  every single time I used the elevator is maybe ok for security but annoying and inconvenient. Id rather get a hand-stamp.Upon checkout, had to wait in another line because they printed the bill incorrectly and when I asked them to print my boarding pass (as miss unfriendly suggested when I checked in), I was told I had to go wait in another longer line at the concierge desk or go back to the business center and pay. ;( The taxi line stand is on the complete opposite side of the hotel exit, so you have to walk the long horseshoe just to get to the line. I realize nothing is quick, cheap or easy in Vegas, but Aria's design is worse than other hotels in this regard...and the service is kind of "Motel 6" for such a lavish "money" place.
4	LOVE this hotel. EVeryhing about it. Amazing rooms for both normal and suites. Suites come with a huge island bath tub and his/her sinks/closets/toilets. They have little toiletries like hair spray that just make things really nice. As a photographer, I could shoot here for days.
1	I joined my husband on a business trip and was super excited. It's been awhile since I've been to Vegas and was eager to check out the newer hotels (i.e., The Aria). Aesthetically, the hotel is beautiful. Our room was great, the bed was comfy, loved the his and hers closets and the automatic open and close feature for the curtains was pretty cool. Here is where is goes downhill. We wanted to watch the UFC fight Saturday night and find out the only place it is showing is a tiny lounge (The Deuce) at the hotel. We call to make reservations and are informed it will be $500 for a table!!! Are you freaking kidding me? I would've stayed home and watched it for $60 in my PJs. If you want to sit at the bar and watch it, you only need to pay the $25 cover, which we ended up doing. We got to the lounge right at 6 PM. when the fights started and there was only one other couple sitting at the bar. I thought our bartender would be nice and chat it up with us, as this is what I've experienced every other time in Vegas. She only engaged when asking if we needed another beer. The rest of the time she and the servers were gossiping the entire time, another bartender was crying, and the management (a bunch of bald guys in suits) did nothing. They were worse! Drinking and taking shots while working. So unprofessional and impersonal. Later in the evening I saw two servers high-fiving each other when she said her table's bill was over $1000. The bar should of been called THE DOUCHE! It felt like no one would pay attention to you unless you were dropping $100 bills. Not impressed and never going back!
4	The rooms were very clean and the smell was pleasent.  The resturants were good but they could use a good lunch spot.  It is in a very good centrally located location.   I was a little put off by the resort fee but it seems pretty standard.  The staff seemed friendly and the casino staff was very warm and friendly.  If you want to go to "liquid" be ready for a meat market but the other pools were very relaxing.  Finding a chair was a little difficult but this was a very nice weekend. Whoever said the berry Basel was great is right on.   I would stay again.P.S. If anyone from the aria staff reads this please invest in some better towels.  For such a nice place this really seemed like a shortcut
4	I went to this hotel & casino to pick up friends who came down from Texas. OMG the rooms are huge I say rooms because their were 6 friends total. And everyone coupled up and I got a chance to chill in 3 different rooms. The view was one thing that I enjoyed the most. But back to the rooms they were filled with goodies free food I had gray goose and candy bars and chips. I filled my purse up with goodies. (Giggles) They had huge pretty bathrooms. I loved the closet space. The casino was fun and we ate at the bar. The slots seem fun and loose I won 320 bucks. I will return to this hotel and casino ASAP. I was able to stand with friends when they checked out and the employees who work here are friendly and kind and that's a huge plus in my book.
1	Overpriced Stuffy No service our room was left dirty Room service cold and awful gaming . Love Louis Vuitton but I can get that anywhere else in Vegas !! Stay elsewhere this place is a joke .the casino is silent no winning here move on lol
5	I loved this place...My friend and I had an amazing view!!!! It is pricey but that's what you pay for, to feel special LOL.. Had a great time and LOVED the pool!
5	If this isn't 4 plus stars to you, how can you be lying to yourself?? First off, upon checking in the hotel is pretty cool. But getting to my room, the automated curtains, access to ur room from your little handheld touch screen was great. Most of all the bed is like sleeping on a cloud.Now I stayed here for the weekday rates ($80 +$25 resort fee) which I think is a great deal. Weekend rate was over $200 for I passed on that but if you have a choice, Aria has been my favorite Vegas hotel. Not to mention the free tram to the Bellagio, so I can walk just a little bit less and gain just a little bit more weight :)
5	Upscale, relaxing, and smells of Vanilla!I spent 3 nights at this fantastic hotel. Great customer service at all levels. From the check-line line to the Valet line, everything was first class. I know everyone is currently raving about The Cosmopolitan but I would recommend The Aria!!
2	I stayed at Aria this last weekend because I have tried to stay someplace new each time I'm in Vegas--I don't want to stick with the tried and true--but honestly, I was so disappointed.  Like a reviewer mentioned, the casino IS dark and is uninviting at best.  The hotel itself is on the junkiest part of the Strip, and just walking outside is so depressing.  The pool was okay but attacted a lot of frat paries when we were there.  The rooms were fine--bed was comfy--but nothing special.  The best thing was the fantastic service we got at View Bar, so we might go back THERE, but we won't stay at this hotel again. Check out your other options--there are better ones out there, I promise.
5	This I one of the best and most beautiful hotels and casinos here in Vegas. The architecture and the style is amazing. The Bellagio better look out! The Aria's fountains do rival the water shows at the Bellagio! Absolutely stunning and a well thought out layout make the Aria a true gem!
3	the suites are pretty nice.. but the vibe tends to attract an older crowd.. the concierge is pretty worthless.. i recommend the cosmo over this place.. besides.. aria's blackjack and craps tables are unlucky..
4	Very good high end hotel, which is newer than most hotels in vegas. Real good prices for room and tey always send me discounts. However, be carefull with the mini bar and fridge...anything you remove they would automatically charge you. I wished they would leave some empty room to store personal items in fridge, so we would not have to remove anything. Luckily when you complain they remove teh charges. For gambling it is also a good hotel with plenty of tables for everything.
4	I am all for technology, especially in today's world where even my 5 year old operates my iphone, ipad and smartv remote better than me. But I have to fess that the all electronic, remote controlled hotel room environment was a bit much. Just about everything (except toilet flush lol) could be controlled at the touch of a button or remote control; however there are downfalls. We had a reading light and floor lamp go out thinking we needed new bulbs so we called housekeeping where they quickly sent up a tech from utilities. Reading lamp just needed a new bulb, but the floor lamp needed more. After 15 minutes or so of clicking, calling another tech on walkie talkie then removing wall panel it was decided that a new lamp would have to be sent up the next day. The room was very dark but thankfully it was almost bedtime.And because everything has been planned out electronically, there was hardly any outlets for our personal devices. Both my husband and son require medical breathing machines and we could not find any outlets near the beds and nightstand. Again, we had to call housekeeping who sent someone up from utilities to provide us with an extension cord. So now we have spent an extra $10 in tips for utilities...one hand at the blackjack table.The outlet (which is turned on its side) in the bathroom for the blow dryer was also located right in the middle of the sink counter backsplash. Considering that it's gfi, it is still a horrible location. The cord on the dryer then should be longer. Aside from weird design quirks, moreso electrical, the room overall was nicely done.
4	gotta give credit when credit's due, they messed up on adding me to the room and i wasted 20+ min in the lobby which could've been pilfered in the casino.  due to their error they gave me $75 food/beverage credit.
1	Reservation was incorrect and charges to credit card was incorrect.  After 2 hours of numerous call, waiting on hold and being passed around it finally got finished.Highly don't recommend.
3	On our way from Phoenix to Reno, we decided to stop in Vegas and treat ourselves to a nice hotel since we had a extremely long journey ahead of us. I usually prefer staying at The Trump, but Aria had cheaper rates and I figured we'd try something new. Also, didn't hurt that we were so close to Earl of Sandwich! The hotel is beautiful and our room was gorgeous, but the staff appears to have some communication issues and it just got really annoying!The first 30 minutes we were in our room, we get a knock at the door from a maintenance worker. Apparently, someone had called in to fix the bathroom door? Umm... we didn't call and it wasn't broken. The guy checked the door and left. We were traveling with a toddler, so locking the mini fridge was super important because if you pick something up, you automatically get charged a $50 restocking fee. After several tries to lock the fridge, we call the front desk and tell them that the lock is not working. The front desk tries to lock it through the computer and it doesn't work, so they say they will send someone up to lock it manually. Maybe another 30 minutes go by and someone knocks at the door and says they are there to fix our bed... We tell the guy our bed isn't broken, but we we were told someone was coming up to fix the lock on the fridge. The guy gives us a tube of chocolates and tells us someone should be coming up. We wait in our room for 2 hours and no one shows. We called the front desk and they finally tell us that they won't be able to get someone to fix the lock until the next morning. That would have been nice to know 2 hours ago so we didn't have to wait around!The next morning, no one shows. As we're leaving we finally get a call informing us that they have no technicians available to fix the lock. Ok, doesn't matter anymore, but we made sure that we didn't have a bill for the snickers my son tried stealing out of there. If they would have been honest from the beginning and told us no one could fix it, that would have been ok. It was just annoying having to waste our time in our room waiting for someone who wasn't going to show up. I don't appreciate being lied to and given the run around. Honesty is the best policy :)
5	On a recent birthday celebration trip to Las Vegas, we were blessed to have stayed at the Aria. I'm not much for glass and chrome and from the outside that's what the Aria looks like. But inside- completely different- I was completely surprised. From check-in to day of departure, we were treated very well by everyone- from first class bars and restaurants to the great pool that provides both shade and sun- we had an excellent time! I loved walking through the grounds early in the morning to look at all of the artwork that is displayed in either shop windows or about the grounds. A map is available from the front desk that will provide a self guided tour of the art that is located all over the grounds.One of the best features of Aria is that you don't have to walk for two hours to get anywhere- it's right on the strip if you want to stroll or there is a monorail that will take you from Bellagio to the Aria to the Monte Carlo and back again- for free. Even inside the hotel things are easy to get to. The rooms were very nice- new, modern. and clean. Pretty high tech- so I let my "mad Russian" handle all the electronics. There was a "clock" in the room that controlled all of the lighting and the motorized blackout curtains. Our view looked west toward Red Rock and we had great sunset views. We never saw the cleaning staff but when we arrived back at our room, all was made perfect again. The Shower/Tub combination was cool- set inside a glass enclosure, the shower and tub were alongside one another. One morning, we filled the tub after a workout and watched an episode of Larry David on the ipad- just because we could...The restaurants located in Aria were unbelievable- we ate at Todd English Pub, Julian Serrano, Cafe Vettro, and American Fish- (see reviews posted). All were great and the service provided was excellent. If you want to have a great meal, start right in your Hotel/ Casino if you're staying at the Aria.On our trip to the pool, we were met by a friendly young girl who after seeing the fair skin of my lovely date, and my olive skin, found us a spot at the pool that provided a little shade for her and a lot of sun for me- right next to each other! A note about the bar service at the pool, don't be shocked when you get the bill for the first round of two drinks, and it's $51-- to be fair though, the drinks were in big cups (that you get to keep) and the drinks were delicious-- she had a skinny cosmo and I had a mojito.All told, I was very pleased with this resort and casino- and I look forward to coming back again- In a town that has everything, the Aria really shines!!
2	Front door staff person Laticia says to us. "if you don't like our staff, go someplace else." Fair enough advice however rude it might beGreat hotel bad to moderate service.
3	If the Walt Disney Concert Hall and Bellagio had a baby, it would be Aria.  It's trying to be super modern and it's a must visit.  Random art everywhere from the butterflies in the lobby to some random pyramids on the 2nd floor.Maybe they had too much space, but this place always seems empty because of it.  I mean, they have like 8 craps tables lined up.  plenty, i mean plenty of slot machines.The Buffet - Skip it.  It's not worth the price at all.  I've never been more upset about a buffet than this one.
4	Hello? Ms reviewer? What is this place? It too good. WIll come back soon! Di. This place very sex as it is large and had many beauty for long time. Casino large and have many game, me liked roulette and umbreonjack the most time. I have many luck here as I turn 25 pokebucks to 200 pokebucks. The mall inside make celedon department store looked like a corn. Many friendship stores and eat time houses to make inner child coach hit to yay. Me no stay here but did go into a room of a person who lived here, oh me god many nice even for a 2 queen bed room. Overall I call you today to say stay here if you has no budge, as price can hit to key financial coach somewhat, also food having many expense as it allow no proceedment  to the road of savings 4/5 DI DI DI DI DI
4	Love the hotel, love the rooms, love the pool. Not much of a gambler so I can't give much feedback on the casino. The only problems I had were with the front desk/reservations/billing.Our room was a standard king but seemed pretty big. As we walked in the window drapes automatically opened and the music turned on. Very cool. Nicely decorated room, lots of cable stations and a heavenly mattress. For dinner we dined at Javiers (high end Mexican) and we went over to the neighboring Crystals mall for another meal (high end stores like Prada and Tiffany's). The pool is beautiful, get there early to snag a lounger under a tree. I had the most amazing gin and cucumber cocktail. Perhaps my favorite part of the hotel is how closely it is located to Vdara, Cosmo and Bellagio. We didn't take a cab the whole weekend from the time we arrived at our hotel. We were able to secure a good room rate over Memorial Day through Player's Club. The person who checked us in was a disaster and they screwed up our bill and put it on the wrong credit card. So that took time to straighten out. The hour ordeal to get everything straightened out did get us a $50 credit in the end as they were out of suite upgrades.Would I come back again? Yes, but only third to Bellagio and Cosmopolitan.
1	The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are nice. That's what the 1 star is for. The front desk crew are not helpful and lie to guests. If you don't know something, ask someone and make an effort. We were treated like trash. Be careful if you have a promotion. They will try to not give it to you. We ate at the 24 hour restaurant and they were doing construction while we ate. Food was okay but who wants to hear drilling while they eat? This hotel has the worst customer service I've ever received. They need to train their staff better and get rid of dead weight.
4	Beautiful!!  We loved staying here.  The room was large and comfortable and the staff was great.  We had a view, but couldn't see much because the outside window was filthy.  It was covered in dirt.  Also, our room was charged for food from the "snack area" that we DID NOT EAT.  Overall it was a nice place and clean.
1	WE WILL NEVER RETURN. The husband and I came to celebrate our honeymoon in Vegas. I prepaid over $1000 for our 4 night stay, purchased aquarium and cirque tickets (which it took them an hour to even locate) and was ready to be pampered all week. Check in took forever as they had missed my request for a non smoking room.  They said there were none available; when the concierge finally found one, she didn't apologize or anything for the wait.... I had also called ahead to let them know this trip would be our honeymoon... When we got to the room, there wasn't even a bottle of champ!  The room was fine; not any nicer than the Four Seasons or Mandalay Bay. The buttons and light switches are confusing and my engineer husband nor I couldnt really nail it down the whole week.  I immediately unpacked and realized there was no coffee maker--- REALLY?!?? We called downstairs to have one brought up and they said none of their rooms had one...(we walked to CVS to purchase one....this is obviously a ploy to get us to spend more, but really? This is supposed to be a luxurious hotel). The wireless connection is horrible and the remote control barely worked on the television--- frustrating! We ate dinner at the Mexican restaurant Javiers(the border grill inside Mandalay Bay was waaaay better) and it was pricey with little vegetarian/health food options.The 2nd day, I awoke and brewed some of my own coffee, called downstairs for a coffee creamer....literally one TBSP worth...$10. Really? You couldn't offer to go above and beyond for a tiny coffee creamer? Ridiculous.  I thought about buyin a bottle at cvs, and then saw the $50 restocking fee If any items on the minibar are touched.We were gettin ready to head out for the day- so I opened my special compartment of my wallet that I was keeping all of the cash we received for our wedding in... Wouldn't you know it, $100 was missing.  My husband and I ripped our roomapart to be absolutely sure (even though I KNEW I was certain. I hid that money, so we didn't touch it until our honeymoon.). We called the front desk who sent security up to our room. He was loosely goosey and didn't seemTo give a crap about what was happening. We filled out a statement and he took pictures of my wallet (very SVU.) I've read other reviews about guests having stuff stolen, so I imagine this is common and we probably won't see that $100 again.Housekeeping was a joke--- all they did was make our beds...Didn't ever clean upt used coffee mugs or wipe down the bathroom mirrors. They even knocked on our door at 11pm one night. What the heck? The rooms are not sound proof either. Maids work around the clock and we could hear themBanging around and yelling at eachother at all hours of the night.The spa was fine. We got a Couple Massage for $500. I thought my mind would be blown- it wasn't.  The gymWas ok... I worked out about 3 times.... There aren't enough machines but the staff was friendly, and they offered complimentary apples(at this point, anything I didn't have to pay $15-$50 for was great.)We bought 2 ridiculously expensive lunches at the buffet. It was ok- not very fresh and the salad bar was a joke... Like a sizzler. The dressing was horrific. I could go on and on about our stay, like how no one ever answered when you called the front desk for service, or how they have 4 peopleHelping with your luggage so you end up tipping all of them; or how the ginger  ale at the pool was $11!!!!!!!We will not be back- we love Mandalay bay, and if our travelsTake us back to vegas we will surely land there again.
5	the casino is nice. great ambiance and decor. wish the tables paid better
1	I love the ARIA. I really do. I've stayed here exclusively ever since they've opened. But here is why I'm giving them 1 Star. I checked into ARIA, gave them my credit card as I normally do.  And within a day, fraudulent charges started appearing all over Vegas!  I had been traveling for a while but ARIA is the first place I actually used this particular card. It is sad and quite a bit troubling that this happened at ARIA.  Since my card wasn't in use prior, and this was the only place it was scanned, the fault lies with ARIA and the people they hire to man their Front Desk. This of course puts me in a tricky situation as my card was pre-auth by the front desk and I'm still in Vegas for a few more days. I'm not trusting ARIA with another card, so I have to work around the situation. Trust is earned ARIA!! Time to evaluate your internal controls.  Something is awry!!
4	I was really excited to stay at the Aria. If you're looking for a great location, this is it--smack-dab in the middle of the strip. It's a quick walk to Cosmopolitan, Planet hollywood, Paris, and Bellagio. It's right next to the Crystals Shopping Center--too rich for my blood but it's still inviting to walk through it to get out onto the strip. The facilities are great. (See my other review on the spa and pool.) Plenty of eateries to choose from plus a convenience store and starbucks.The room is well-appointed. You have everything you need. The bathrooms are spacious with a separate tub and shower. Plenty of closet space. Comfy bed. One of the things they really try to emphasize is how high-tech the room is--the lights, curtains, music, tv, etc can be controlled via one digital console. I just wish they had a separate fridge--instead of stocking it with all their mini-bar items. This is a huge hotel--so it's easy to get lost in. I went during Memorial Day Weekend--having only been to Vegas in the off-season before, I was overwhelmed by the number of people there. The check-in process takes a while if there are long lines but the friendly staff make it a little easier to get through. And the Aria is a high traffic hotel during these busy weekends...so be prepared for the crowds in the lobby--most of these people aren't even staying at the hotel--they're just walking through. I didn't want to dock points for having trashy people in the lobby--but when you're paying over $200 for one night at the Aria---you expect a certain level of luxury. The one biggest pet peeve I had was their internet station (even more frustrating because the everything is supposedly so high-tech)--it was clumsy, hard to use, and after paying for internet access and print fee, we weren't able to print our tickets and boarding passes because the printer ran out of ink. I immediately stormed up to the lobby and complained to the front desk and they took care of it immediately. I just wanted my $5 back that I paid for internet/printer access--out of sheer principle--but the credited my resort fee for one night--which was over $20--so i was pretty pleased with how it was handled. I would stay at the Aria again if it were the the off-season.
5	Let me start of by saying BEST HOTEL STAY EVER!!! I stayed at the Aria for my Bachelorette party from May 16-19, 2013. I found this hotel online, and the pictures and reviews made it my first hotel choice. I choose to stay in a Penthouse city view, with 3 of my party attenders. If you reserve a penthouse they have limo pick you up from the airport and drop you off at the for no additional charge. Our limo driver was very friendly! One of my friend's flights were delayed by a few moments, but he called to verify he could wait and was very pleasant. If you stay in the penthouse or sky suites section of the hotel, you get to enter into a VIP entrance. The check in was very speedy and the concierge was very friendly! The hotel also helped get access to the night club Haze. Since we were delayed arriving, they let the promoter know to assist us with entering the club past the cutoff time. When I got to the room I could not believe the beautiful view of the city! I could see where Las Vegas ended and the mountains and dessert began. There were sheer curtains and dark curtains in the room, and their are buttons to open and close them and to turn the lights on and off. We had one and half bathrooms which was very convenient for the four people in my room. The full bathroom toilet heated up and was sooo amazing. The shower could be a sauna, and you could sit if you like. The view from the bathroom was amazing as well!The hotel has an amazing lay out. I wasn't to fond of club Haze but the GOLD LOUNGE was AMAZING and a nice atmosphere if you like little smaller crowds, easy access to the bar, and GREAT DJ. I clubbed at the Gold lounge every night. I didn't gamble, but the casino didn't smell too bad of smoke, and the layout was nice. The hotel is like another reviewer said "SMACK DAB in the center" of the strip. There is also a CVS less than 5 mins away from the front entrance of the hotel. The pool area and gym was simply amazing! Also, my friends accidentally moved a food item off a censor in my room, but we did not eat it. I called the concierge, and the made sure i was not charged for the item. Everyone in the hotel was just so helpful and friendly! My friends thought the hotel rate was a little costly, but after our weekend stay they agreed it was WELL WORTH IT! We went to other hotels and looked around, but nothing compared to the Aria. I would def. recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Vegas looking for a relaxing and good time!
5	Just one of the great hotels that I visit/stay.Great selection of restaurants with awesome casino.The staffs are friendly and knowledgable.Great service.Depending on the rooms you booked, the view is awesome.I like staying here.
1	Well this review is for the A**hole who couldn't get me and my parents a cab because are luggage was too big..WTF yeah there big cuz i just spend $$$$$, i'm not staying at aria anymore..Do yourself a favor and find some new employees
4	This was our second time staying at the Aria and we were not disappointed.  The only thing missing is the smell.  I noticed the first time we walked in we smelled the vanilla this time I didnt smell the vanilla.   Pretty nice modern contemporary hotel.  Enjoyed our stay, comfortable bed and great shower/tub.  The buffet is not the greatest, Ive had better. The pool/spa are great.  Nice location and lots of lounge chairs.  Starbuck's is in the building!!!  Also right out side on the strip next to the yummy yogurt spot.  Overall our experience was great.  Location was great, right in the middle of the strip.
4	Nothing to really complain about, I'm not picky about my stay anywhere as long as it's clean and this is beyond clean. It's a big hotel so of course they can't remember you and treat you like royalty, but every interaction I've had with staff here from front desk to valet to random housekeepings have been really polite and courteous.The only downside was the automatic charge for salon/spa even if we don't use it which we didn't at all and didn't find out about the extra charge until we checked out.
2	Stayed in 39105 from 6/7 through 6/9.Huge, huge let-down. I had such high expectations. When I went to Vegas in 2011, it was my first time since I was 11. I saw the magnificent Aria & Cosmopolitan and told my GF when I made more money I would take her there. We stayed at the Hilton off the strip at the time through a deal seen on SlickDeals.Came back in 2012 for the Yelp event and stayed at the Platinum. The Platinum really wowed us. Basically was a fully furnished, modern condo. Through some business conventions and a bachelors' party throughout the rest of 2012, I stayed at the Stratosphere, Mandalay, & Venetian. Fast forward to 2013. Cosmopolitan was booked, but I was just as happy to reserve a room with Aria. I would say Aria is a bit more casual, hip, modern. Cosmopolitan is a bit more refined and upscale. As for me, I was dgaf with my exercise shorts, New Balance sandals, and an oversized shirt. GF was embarrassed walking next to me. But hey, I come here to be relaxed and eat the buffets. No gambling or night life for me.The staff at check-in were extremely courteous and friendly. All staff were courteous and friendly in fact. However, the room was just terrible.After the initial oooh and ahhh of the automated blinds when we first walked in...the flaws became apparent. The Wifi was incredibly slow. The majority of outlets & plugins centered around Aria's Audio/Visual Panel near the TV. Not enough outlets for multiple devices; with my GF, we had 2 iPads, 3 phones, and one laptop so we had to charge one of the phones and iPads in the bathroom. I really wished there were some bedside outlets. There was also no refrigerator...although one could be provided for a daily fee.Ventilation very poor. It was very hot throughout my stay--temperatures were at an all time high of 113 outside. The room was 77 degrees when we went in and with the A/C struggling and constantly on, it managed to bring it down to 75 by the time we left. Both of us tossed and turned the entire night without good night's rest due to the heat and possibly uncomfortably soft bed.I complained to front desk. To their credit, a technician came by within 15 minutes. he flushed the coils and replaced the filter. Unfortunately it did not resolve our problem. Checkout was willing to waive the resort fee but nothing further.The view was very nice. I felt at the center of the hustle & bustle.All in all I felt restricted and I didn't enjoy my stay. I would have preferred to pay for a suite at Platinum off the strip or a suite at the Venetian for a comparable price to a regular King room here. I don't mind paying for the experience, but there was just no experience to be had here. I live in a fairly modern home, and I kept wishing I just stayed home, which after a 4-5 hour drive to Vegas as an "escape", is not something I would have liked to feel.
3	Staying at ARIA was my first experience in Vegas, ever!  I was excited when we (my boyfriend and I) walked in.  Felt fresh and fun.  Check-in went really quickly and we were in our room in no time.  The room itself was nice.  There were a few downsides:-No fan in the bathroom (would help with privacy as you can hear everything your partner is doing in there)-Not a lot of outlets (except the bathroom).  Was a game against time to keep two phones and an iPad continually charged-No room in the fridge for personal things ($50/day charge for another fridge).  To me this is a huge issue for a place that averages 100* temps and $4+ bottles of water.  I was told not to drink Vegas water.  I did one day and paid the price.  My biggest issue was on my 2nd day (out of a 5 day stay) housekeeping threw away a bag of bandages, aspirin, Pepto, etc.  I had bought a large amount of items at Target to help with blisters and general sickness while on vacation.  I spent a good $40 on these items.  These items were siting in the Target bag with an empty water bottle.  When we returned to the room the afternoon of the 2nd day, there was one bandage sitting out on the counter and the rest of the bag was gone.  I was upset but felt if I talked to the front desk I could be reimbursed or comp'd some things. I talked to the front desk and was told I would get a call from somebody.  24 hours later I heard from nobody.  Called again and there was no record of my call.  Made the complaint again and was told somebody would call.  Again, no call.  The day of my check-out I called housekeeping and explained that I was checking out in 3 hours and needed resolution.  I wasn't wanting the housekeeper punished but just wanted to make them more aware of what they were throwing out.  They wanted me to file a police report against my housekeeper for theft.  Ummm....for bandages?  It was clear that they accidentally threw away the bag.  I'm sure they weren't there to steal bandages.  After arguing with them, I got a call from lost and found who wanted me to file a report on where I lost my items.  By this time, I hung up the phone on them and ignored future calls.  At check-out they comp'd our resort fees but it was frustrating that it took all of that time/effort.  Overall, ARIA was in a great location and was a fun hotel to stay in.  We did a lot of stuff outside of ARIA working our way up and down the strip.  Due to the insane amount of hotels/casinos on the strip, I probably wouldn't stay here again but would recommend it for other people.
5	Definitely one of the best places to stay while in Vegas. The room was pretty big even though it was just a standard room and I loved how the whole wall was window. We had a great view of the strip. Everything is so new and nice in the room and the whole hotel. We even had luxurious robes for all of us. Not quite the center of the strip but still definitely in a good location.
2	Warning: I've stayed at the Aria twice, and both times have been over charged! Check your bill!!Due to my June 2011 Aria experience with computer issues, which rendered them unable to check anyone in for a couple of days & left hundreds of vacationers stranded in the hotel lobby line, I was mailed a letter which offered a free night for later use. In order to make a reservation using my free night's stay, I had to talk to several people before someone could verify that the promo code I had been mailed even existed in their system. When I checked in, I was sure to verify that they had me down for a free night.Don't get me wrong, the Aria is beautiful. I love how it's not overly tacky like a lot of other places. However, once again, when I went to check out I was billed full room price and not given my free night. It's like they intentionally overcharge customers, seeing if they can get away with it. Two stays at the Aria, and two billing mistakes (in their favor) in a row. Shame on you, Aria.
4	Posh rooms on the Strip!PRO's:+ GORGEOUS rooms; sleek, modern, super clean+ Power-activated curtains!  One button will open or close the curtains for you!+ "Goodnight" button turns off ALL the lights in the room with just one push+ Tub area connected to the shower area so you don't have to worry about overflowing the tub for bubble baths/soaking!+ Two sinks in the bathroom!+ Security guard before entrance to elevators+ Separate elevators for different sets of floors+ Tons of good options for food and shopping downstairs (including my fave, Jean Phillipe Patisserie!!!!)+ Casino hardly smells like smokeI've also heard the pool and workout facilities are fab, but didn't get the chance to check it out myself :(.CON's:- Its location pulls towards the south side of the Strip, aka not super central- Cost.  Luckily we got the room comped, but it's on the more expensive side for Strip hotels.  Not unjustifiable though!- Bathroom is pretty small, especially compared to ones I'm used to in Planet Hollywood and Venetian/Palazzo- Parking situation.  The driveway into the parking structure/hotel is super short and like 5 lanes wide, so to change multiple lanes while dodging taxis can be scary.  Also, when you enter the parking structure you have to make a very sharp left turn, else you'll bump a sharp, cornered median.  Luckily it's lit up to warn motorists!All in all, LOVED this hotel for its overall cleanliness, chic-ness, and location on the Strip!
4	Ah Vegas!  I've been to Vegas too many times and every time I leave I tell myself I'll never come back but alas I'm back for my OWN bachelor party.  Aria is one of the newest hotels on the strip-- probably the last in the foreseeable future (financial crisis anyone?).  It's always nice to be smack in the middle of all the action plus they have a free tram that runs between the Bellagio and other casinos.  The hotel room welcomes you when you come in with the automatic opening of the shades.  The rooms themselves are smaller than the Venetian suites I've stayed in or even the ones at the MGM Grand.  The rooms do have Ipod/USB connectors for the TV and touch screen controls for lights/shades/TV.   The hotel seems to cater to the 30+ and not the hormones raging 20+.  The sports book was my own little man cave during the early afternoons and Jean Georges Steakhouse my cafeteria.  Zarkana is the big show in the hotel but I suggest you hike it over to Caesars to watch Absinthe instead.  I really liked this hotel.  I had a good chat with the valet guy and even the bellhops were cool.  Rack up those Mlife points and maybe consider spending them on free rooms were at Aria.
5	First time here ..... Really enjoyed my experience.  There were a few bumps similar to other reviewers but I am not as picky I guess.  The hotel is modern, hip, and not gimmicky like most hotels on the strip.  Room was sleek, hotel staff courteous and the casino not too smokey!  Love the Promenade ... There is a Starbucks there and it smelled lovely.   Never made it to the pool but I felt like I was at the heart of the strip .... So much going on!  I plan to try out the other hotels in City Center in the future ... But would recommend Aria and would stay here again!
1	Stayed here during an IT conference - otherwise, I'd never consider stepping foot in Vegas - the land of vapid, senseless waste.First impression - resort seems nice enough. Room was nice, but annoying. If i wanted the TV on, I'd turn it on. Don't turn it on for me. Same with the curtains. Smart rooms? Just because you can - doesn't mean you should. But hey - maybe some people like that?Bottom line - the wifi was useless for the conference. Barely even usable in my room. Can't use the fridge without paying for another one. Don't even think about touching any of the minibar items or you'll be charged 12 bucks for that water. The bathroom hardly had any plugs and had a nasty stain on the floor (i'm thinking dead hooker).The kicker? I had an extra purse, hidden in the closet in my room. In a concealed pocket in this purse, hidden in another bag, inside my closet, was some cash. 2nd day into my stay - went to grab my extra cash. Annnnnnnd it was gone.Told security. they were nice enough. Said they were going to "investigate". they questioned *me* up and down - like I was the one who stole the money. Today I received the "results" of their investigation that basically stated I was at fault for leaving money in my room and that the money was "never turned in to lost and found" so therefore could not give me my money back. Yep. God forbid, I expect some level of security in a hotel room I'm paying for. Not that I *ever* expected to be reimbursed - but to be told it was my fault? Sorry. Completely inappropriate and utterly devoid of any professionalism. There was no "hey, we're so so sorry. Want us to get your cab fare to the airport? How about a 20% voucher for some food? Maybe half off your next stay with us?" Not an apology, not an offer of anything to ease the fact that I felt kind of violated. If you go? Don't trust a soul. Certainly not housekeeping or security.  If it doesn't fit in their safe (which, by the way, is apparently inside one of the 12 dresser drawers - I looked for one but never found it in any of the normal safe-places in the hundreds of hotels i've stayed in) - then don't bring it. It isn't safe.
3	This hotel has great potential but lacks attention to detail for the price.  For example, the living room of my suite is 10 degrees colder than my bedroom.  Overall the staff lacks the customer service to let this hotel achieve its potential.
4	Alas I was only here for a week-long conference and was staying in the adjacent Monte Carlo, but nonetheless the sights are amazing hereThe amenities all the way down to the bathroom are modern and the place it kept in amazing shape. You can definitely tell this hotel is the new kid on the blockThe gaming area also was very nicely laid out though I could never find a minimum or free table that I wanted to sit at, so just walking around was okayWould love to come back and stay for a weekend though!
5	Very beautiful place, very expensive, but used credit card points for a free stay. We weren't too enthusiastic about gambling, but the dining and bars were enough to keep us entertained there for quite some time. We were held captive by the Aria just the same as if we were gamblers-- very nice!!!
3	I ordered an amenity prior to my arrival for my 10 year anniversary to surprise my husband that was supposed to be delivered upon check in. After waiting in the room for over an hour I went down to concierge to find out what happened and they said oops they didn't deliver it did I want it now. I said just cancel it and if I still wanted it later in my stay I would reorder. But the concierge said they couldn't cancel it and forced me to choose a time for delivery. Amenity was around $100 that I still paid for. Food was eventually delivered while we were out and sat there for hours which turned to mush and was not good. I was not impressed with this service at all. The room itself was very nice and in a great location on the strip.
5	Aria is one of the new additions to the Las Vegas strip just across the street from the new Cosmopolitan.  I booked the room through a JetBlue Getaways package that include a flight from Long Beach.  Grand total after discounts came out to $349 for the flight and two nights, plus a $25 per night resort fee.The hotel is pretty big in comparison to some of the other hotels.  The line for check in was daunting but we got through in about 15-20 minutes.  The rooms themselves are nice and modern.  The lights and curtains are all automated and can be controlled by a control panel next to the bed that also controls the temperature, TV, music and door panel (in case you forgot the "Do Not Disturb").  There is also a AV panel to hook up your IPod.  The downside is this panel is the only place to plug in anything since all the plugs in the room are inaccessible.  We spent a day in the pool, which is pretty standard and nothing special.  There is one bar and five pools.  It wasn't too crowded for a June weekend which is also a plus.  Their pool club is "Liquid" which I had heard is overrated.The casino is on the higher in.  The lowest minimums I saw were $50 for blackjack and $15 for craps.We tried their two lounges Duece and Bar Moderno which were pretty cool.  Duece is more of a club atmosphere and Moderno is more laid back.  The tapa restaurant, "Julian Serrano" was very good.Definitely a good place to say especially if you can get a package deal.
2	Bad Hotel, especially for the priceMy girlfriend and I arrived on Friday night and there were long lines in the check in.  The check in staff was not courteous and even stuck us in a smoking room despite my request otherwise.  She told me that there were no non-smoking rooms and called this one "smoking optional".  Anyway we went up to the room and, on the way to the room in the hallway, smelled fried fish, heavy cigarette smoke, and MARIJUANA.  Upon arriving to the room we discovered that it REEKED of cigarette smoke.Then I call the front desk to complain and the manager said that they have non-smoking rooms and got one for us.  Well the non-smoking room was a downgrade in the room i had paid for but it was 11pm and we were too exhausted to fight anymore with the hotel.The sushi restaurant looks like a cateteria.This hotel blows.  Go stay at Wynn for the same price.
5	The Aria has beautiful rooms and if you're a M life member the price is as low as $79.00 per night.Amazing bakery, great cafe, stayed for two days midweek!Very low  weekday place. Check it out
4	Stayed for 3 nights on business in early June.  Had a really nice experience.  It was a pricy, which is no big deal if the company pays for everything.  I'm not sure I could afford to stay otherwise.  My room was just beautiful.  The bed was huge and comfy.  The bathroom was spacious and lovely.  I had a great view from my room through the gigantic wall of windows.    Javier's restaurant  was delicious and not crazy expensive (everything in Vegas is pretty expensive).  I expected the trip to be exhausting, but was able to relax and enjoy myself.  The only problem was a very very long line for check in which took over 30 min,  and long lines for all of the places that served any breakfast foods in the morning (as in Woah HUGE lines).  Otherwise it is a sleek, gorgeous place, easy to navigate, and a great stay.
5	This is my #1 "Go-To" hotel and casino in Vegas. I've been here quite a few times since it's opened and I have alwasy left happy. The rooms are very nice, clean and the bed is suuuuper comfy! The great thing about this place is that it is luxury that won't break the bank. It's cheaper than most hotels but just as luxurious. They have the cleanest and most comfortable poker room in Vegas. The staff is always very helpful and nice. My husband plays poker here and is always talking about how the supervisor Elayne in the poker room is always extremely helpful  with everything so we love going to her, although all of the poker room staff is wonderful and knowledgeable. We have never had any problems here besides one time someone ordering things at the pool from our room# but the staff helped us out and got it squared away in a timely manner. We love this hotel and casino and will be coming here everytime we go to Vegas. :)
1	Aria charges a $25 resort fee, which includes internet access.  However, what they don't tell you is that fee includes on 512K internet access - not close to what I would consider "high speed" and barely functional for business use.  To get 1.5MB you need to pay an additional $15 a day.A true 5 star resort should be up front with its fees.  Instead, Aria takes the significantly less classy approach of nickel and diming its customers.
5	Twice my husband and I have stayed in the corner suites and have absolutely loved it.  There is something very nice about having 2 bathrooms a huge tub in front of a bank of windows and a heated toilet seat.  The bathroom has separate shower, bath and toilet done in marble and it's just so luxurious and nice.  Since I have only stayed in the corner suite at this hotel I can only comment on that type of room but I will say if you can spring for it I would highly recommend it.
4	Beautiful hotel, wonderful rooms, friendly staff, decent rates and within walking distance of a few other nice hotels. I think I've been tanted from other hotels and will probably prefer to stay here from now on!!Cheers!
5	What can you say it is a brand new hotel on the strip...great rooms, new clean casino, smells good inside, restaurants are good, nice bakery and gelato shop centrally located. Plus, I won on both the slots and tables here....but limits are pretty high.If you are an MLife member this is great place to use your comps and the Superbowl party is ridiculous good if you can get the invite.
4	The Aria has a great location and is super modern and clean. Very tech savvy rooms with good views and a overall pleasant and comfortable stay.The day I chose to arrive their main computers were down and I waited in line for near 45 minutes. They did however have a full staff to cater to the waiting and apologizes profusely. They did bring drinks both Adult and non and made sure we were all OK and were very polite and explained the situation. Once checked in I did like the room and its features and felt very cozy. The shops within the compound are very nice and the restaurants, bars and bakery were good as well. Nothing over the top or nothing A++ just very good I would say. I did find myself going back to Bellagio to gamble and I also visited the Wynn for the first time and was blown away. I found myself able to walk near everywhere and enjoyed the location greatly. I would certainly return and recommend
5	A very very contemporary modern establishment. Fine wine taste with the experience that leaves you wanting to stay longer. The scent pumped thru the AC ducts can be purchased in the Elements gift shop in the form of scented sticks. State of the art electronics in the room provides convenience at your fingertips from closing the curtains to dimming lights on a remote device that can also be set to open window shades as part of your alarm/wake up. This hotel is part of the City Center complex that is centrally located in a great location on the strip. 6-Star experience in our book,
4	Oh Aria, you're so pretty with all of your art and architecture. I love just walking around this property and taking in the sites. And there's a cool Cirque show, a nice pool, a decent spa, several good restaurants, etc., etc. And parking and valet are easy breezy. But you are a bit pricey for my pocketbook. So no gaming here for me.
4	Aria is definitely worth the stop while you are in town!Nice contemporary setup, with great restaurants including Sage and Jean Philippe!  Many more to choose from...some that will shrink your wallet!They have a Poker room that seems to always be busy, but I have never gambled here myself.Rooms look great too, but I've never stayed here before.  A bit spendy being central on the strip, but it's the cost of convenience :)
3	Greeted by a snotty worker behind the counter when we checked in.  Informed us that if we even move an item in the snack bar or fridge, we would be charged a $50 restocking fee.  You can rent a fridge for $30 a night (i think the price is accurate)Really nice rooms, great beds, awesome views.  The pools were nice too.Only complaints:Extra upcharge for everything including late check-outWe ate at the Mexican place in the hotel, Javier's.  Overpriced and not good!  They did make a wonderful Jalapeno Margarita for $15!You cannot bring your own alcohol into the pool area.  They have security checking your bags.  Major bummer if you dont plan on spending $10 per drink.The gym was pretty nice and it overlooks the pool area.  I did work out every day while there, so this was pretty nice.  Close and convenient to everything on the strip.  I would consider it to be mid-strip or central to everything.
3	In all of its sleek and sophisticated grandeur, the Aria represents a new Las Vegas; a crown jewel in the road to upscale norm and price markups paved by the empire of CIty Center not previously seen since the other luxury properties were erected. To suggest that the MGM folks might've outdone themselves with this one may be an understatement depending on who you're asking, but one cannot ignore the lush and contemporary flavor that the Aria brings to the city.The only property within the CityCenter umbrella with a casino is Aria. The floor is not as impressive as other nearby resorts, but is certainly no slouch with a decent array of machine and table games. Some folks may enjoy the sports book with its abundant sea of TVs and spacious seating area. Kudos to the casino marketing folks for keeping the promotions constant and a nod goes to the stellar staff of dealers and cocktail wait staff for keeping things classy.I haven't had a chance to stay in the Aria admittedly, but I am fairly familiar with their rooms, all of which are comfy, stylish, and gorgeous. The regular rooms should fare just fine for most patrons, try to score midweek room rates if you can since they're crazy pricey on the weekends (the high suites are no joke anytime during the week). Also located within the casino is a massive 3 story convention center, a major treat for those of us coming to Sin City on business. That itself is an amazing spot of the resort.If there is an attraction that makes the Aria worth checking out, it's the pool area. Not the Cirque du Soleil show (Elvis?) or sigh worthy nightlife, the pool deck is massive, containing a series of mini pools as well as one public pool. Unlike its CC cousin Vdara, there shouldn't be any building caused sunburns. (See here: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/article-1316444/Las-Vegas-death-ray-hotel-leaves-guests-badly-burnt.html) On a food front, the Aria has a wide selection of distinctive eateries. The obligatory casino buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-buffet-at-aria-las-vegas-2#query:Aria%20Restaurants dubbed "The Buffet at Aria") is predictably boring and pricey, while the Aria Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/aria-caf%C3%A9-las-vegas) is downright no bueno. For being one of the only dedicated Thai restaurants on the strip, Lemongrass (http://www.yelp.com/biz/lemongrass-las-vegas) isn't terrible but barMASA (http://www.yelp.com/biz/barmasa-las-vegas) is. If there were only two establishments worth mentioning, let it be the tapas friendly Julian Serrano (http://www.yelp.com/biz/julian-serrano-las-vegas) and Sage (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sage-las-vegas-2), which is not only best restaurant but easily one of the finest on the Strip.Like any good casino property, Aria does a solid job of keeping itself afloat with what it has. Whether or not it was worth the billion + to put together is debatable, but if the City Center is a must visit on your Vegas check list, then the Aria should be the first and last stop.
5	Out of all the vegas hotels that I've stayed at (from the low to high end) Aria is one of, if not the best hotel on the strip!Venetian is nice if you're rooming with a ton of people but I think Aria and Vdara are super swanky for a couple or just one or two friends. My favorite part....as I'm sure everyone's most favorite part are the electric opening curtains!! Seems like such a small detail but makes a hugeeee impact on my experience! As soon as you walk into the room, you are greated with turned on lights and an automated opening curtain! If you have a nice view of the strip its even more amazing!I would say as a casino, its pretty small comparative to the others but it's so close to cosmo, and a short walk over the bridge to the planet hollywood. If you love to shop it's literally right downstairs to the Crystal mall. All in all, Aria is pretty much my go to hotel in Vegas, as long as I can find a decent price. When you do vegas you gotta do it up! Spare not expense when it comes to your room! :)
5	Beautiful hotel, friendly staff, clean rooms, and great restaurants. I'd definitely stay here again, if I ever went back.
5	Love this place, made me feel pampered for the weekend I was there. Got room with two queens in it; very modern inside. Everything could be controlled from the remote controlled TV; felt like a freaking king my entire stay. Checked in and checked out about 10 minutes every time. It's a little pricey, but hey it's Vegas - live a little!
1	Well, that was a BIG disappointment.Apparently Vegas is not as accommodating as you think.Frequenters of Las Vegas- tell me your thoughts:"Hello, My name is Krista McKenna and I am currently looking to book a return trip (for my sister (Sara McKenna) and I) with 4 new comers at Aria for a Bachelorette party in September (ideal dates are sept 27-29). There will be 6 of us in our group, and since I loved my experience at Aria this past May (we had a 4 day stay at Aria), I wanted to share this experience with 4 of my best friends.Our problem is this: Everywhere I go, including your website, I cant seem to find a comparable deal (flight out of bellingham, limo transport to hotel, 1 or 2 large rooms for our group, and return trip) at a decent value or package. Because of such, the other ladies in our group are becoming hesitant in staying at Aria since everywhere we look, it doesn't provide a package deal (price and utility wise) thats competitive enough with the other hotels on the strip.I, personally, am really rooting for Aria for the win. Why? Because I believe that Aria obtains the atmosphere, vibe and experience my friends deserve for their first trip to Vegas. Liquid is amazing, your pools are gorgeous, your food is delicious (LOVE the gluten free options!), staff is friendly and your rooms/hotel are stunning. After personally experiencing such calibre, I don't trust in testing other hotels and would prefer to make Aria my go-to for all things Vegas. My family also feels the same as my father has become a loyal customer to Aria for his last visits to Vegas (an MLife card holder), so I would like to make it our family's go-to Vegas choice.Our price range (per person for room, hotel utilities -pool, gym, internet- and including flights) is $500 each, not including food or drink, or shows/gambling (which we also plan on doing a lot of), totalling $3000 for our group purely for accommodation and airfare. Can Aria meet the need? If yes, What can Aria offer that meets that need? I know that the other 4 girls in our group have never experienced Vegas before, and I know that depending on this stay, they will most likely become regulars to the Vegas (and hopefully Aria) experience. Side note - I have also obtained a significant amount of loyalty chips on the facebook app MyVegas, and qualify for perks at Aria - I intend to use this as well towards our stay at Aria if possible, and I have encouraged the rest of our party to do the same. So- where do we go from here?Please let me know what Aria can offer- I am eager to book this trip and anticipate another amazing stay with Aria for my family and friends.Wishing you the best,Krista McKenna| Social Architect & Buzz Generator |Co-Founder | Executive Director"Not bad right? Since I have worked in the service industry for YEARS, I know that an email like this isn't very common. Typically, based on expectations of a certain caliber of customer service, you would expect a response that is both (somewhat) accommodating and flexible.After all- Vegas has a reputation of being a fun, financially feasible and lets face it, CHEAP (with free perks) place to vacation.... What I got back in response:"Good morning Krista,Thank you for your interest in MGM Resorts Vacations for your upcoming trip to Las Vegas. We are so pleased to hear of your recent pleasant experience at the Aria.I have sent you a separate price quote* for a party of six to this email address. Prices and inventory are subject to change at a moment's notice. You can plan, price and book your air with the Aria anytime on our website at www.mgmresortsvacations.com.I do apologize for any confusion; however, we do not have access to your MLife account. I recommend your contacting them directly. Also, the points you mention earning would have to go thru the property directly as they cannot be applied to a vacation package.Besides our website, price quotes are also available through our customer care center at 800.360.7111, Monday-Friday 9am-9pm and Saturday 10am-5pm and Sunday 1200p-500p, ET. Please call for assistance. We look forward to hearing from you!Sincerely,*****Internet Customer CareMGM Resorts Vacations"*No email received.Is that even a response? Why do I feel like they didn't even read my email/questions? Why would you even bother responding if above is all your going to say?Not going to lie, Im pretty disappointed in ARIA Resort & Casino and MGM Resorts International - Public Relations.Completely takes away any interest or motivation on going to the strip, and on building loyalty with one specific hotel.Im open to your thoughts, friends. Tell me what you think. Was I holding too high and/or unrealistic expectations?*note - I have still yet to hear back from the PR team/Customer Service sector regarding this.
5	Can't give it anything lower then 5 stars. we went casino hopping while we were in Vegas and I fell in love with this casino. talk about over the top! This must be one of the newer casinos because everything was super super clean and pretty modern looking! My husband wasn't as impressed as I was, but I fell in love and hope to at least spend one night here next time we visit! The restaurants seemed cool, casino was off the hook and in a pretty amazing location on the strip - you could easily access both sides of the strip!Go check it out and put $15 on black. just saying.
2	The Aria is a decent hotel with a great poker room. I've stayed at many other places in Las Vegas and experienced much better and much worse than the Aria. The good: no bed bugs, great view overlooking Cosmopolitan Pool out onto the Strip, free-parking and really nice room service staff. Furthermore, they run the best poker room in town as far as I've experienced. Lots of action at all blind levels including daily tournaments. Additionally, if you want to play the best Ben Lamb, Greg Merson and Eli Elezra were all in last night boning up before Main Event.The bad: Hotels.com and Tripadvisor might tell of a 4 1/2 star experience while there, but actually....it ain't. Waiting in line for 20 minutes at check-in, having 4 drunks in the hall screaming obscenities into their phone on my way to the room, crabby front desk personal when I went back to switch rooms, someone else's leftovers and half drunk OJ in the fridge, chocolate-carmel sauce ( I hope) on the vanity above the fridge, 3 foot diameter wet spot next to the bed, 18" long black hairs wrapped around the feet of the scale, mattress warped and listing to the left, swimsuit made four shades lighter and bracelets severely marred by massive amount of chlorine in the pool, and no one answering the front desk phone because they're too busy.....none of the above lead to even a 3-star experience, let alone 4.5. Obviously the facilities are nicer than thousands of hotels lining the Interstate highway system around the US, but just because I-15 runs right behind the Aria doesn't mean they're competing with Super 8. Las Vegas doesn't lack for good rooms and you should probably go stay at one of those instead.
5	This was a beautiful hotel.  I got to stay here during a conference in LV and I was blown away.  The hotel was super clean, the staff was really friendly, and there was so much to do on the property.  The only thing negative I would say is that the hotel was too big.Hotel Rooms:This was one of the nicest hotel rooms I've ever stayed at.  Everything looked new and clean. I got a king bed and it was one of the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in! There was automatic window curtains (blackout and sheer) which was pretty cool.  The best part about the room was the bathroom! There were dual sinks, a shower, and a tub! All in all...gorgeous room.Conference Rooms:The conference rooms were big and very nice.  It was well equip with speaker and IT systems.  The meeting rooms spanned over 3 floors.  Due to the sheer size of the hotel, it did take a while to get to the conference rooms from my hotel room (approx. 20 minutes).Casino:The casino was very nice. The staff was friendly and was very helpful. They have all the standard casino games including casino war! They also have a very nice poker room.  2am on a Tuesday night and the poker room was still all packed!Gym:The gym was free to hotel guest as part of the hotel fees.  They have all kinds of machines there. My favorite machine was a rope pulling machine....you don't see those at 24 hours in Hawaii. It was definitely a bonus that Aria offered bottled water, towels, and clean earphones! There's a nice sitting area right outside the gym with a high tech fire place.  Great place to just hang out.Pool:The pools were beautiful. Definitely a must check out! There were 2 or 3 pools on the property with life guards on duty.  We went kind of late so there weren't too many people. Within the pool area, there was Liquid.  It's a day club that runs like a nightclub. There is a cover but we were able to get free passes for staying in the hotel. Liquid was gorgeous! The staff was really nice and the patrons were very good looking. We will definitely be back the next time we go to Vegas.This is a beautiful resort and it's linked to 2 other casinos and a shopping plaza.  It may be a little expensive but I'd be back in a heart beat.
5	I was finally able to book a room at the Aria, and it was amazing! Seriously puts all the other hotels to shame....Check In: The check in line was long but they kept it moving very quickly. The woman was really nice and pointed out what we needed to know.Room: Ah-mah-sing. I can't rave enough about the bed. Seriously. Try it. Lay down and I dare you to try to get up and do your activities. It's that addicting. And the pillows are to die for! I believe Aria has an order form if you want to buy the mattress/pillows. I still dream of the bed. Aria is very high tech, they have a dash board that controls everything from the TV to the blinds. While that's nice, I'm used to turning on a switch, thank you very much. It comes to borderline creepy when they have your name lightened up across the dashboard but I digress. The bathrooms are killer: We had a shower/tub combo and another area for the toilet. Not sure why there was a phone in there, but hey, sometimes you gotta order something when you're on the can. Water pressure is just the right amount, my friend tried the tub which was great as well. Tons of towels to use, shampoo, conditioner, etc. Loved the bathrobes!!Housekeeping: Usually I don't review housekeeping unless they do something so outrageously stupid, which they didn't. They came at the right time, did their thing and left. I did notice that when I left my items haphazardly on the floor, they were lined up and neatly stacked when I got back. Don't know if I liked that or creeped out. Casino Floor: You lose $$ on any casino on the strip. The floor is spacious enough so you don't feel you're suffocating. Waitresses are sparse and you have to tackle them to get a drink. Games are pretty much the same.Decor: When you first walk into Aria, you're taken away by the design. I feel in love with the butterflies in the check in/out area.  Dining: We didn't use much of the dining except for the cafe which was delicious! All kinds of pastries, coffees that you can imagine. All in all, loved the Aria. Yes, it's expensive and you might get a sticker shock, but it is so worth it!!
5	Had the most amazing experience at the Aria.  My husband and I decided to book our first visit to Vegas for our 10th anniversary and we were not disappointed! Walking in to the beautiful lobby, we got through check-in fairly quickly.  When the person checking in heard it was our anniversary, he upgraded our reservation to a suite!  We were given a corner suite on the 37th floor, overlooking the strip- the view was gorgeous!  The room was huge- with separate living space, bedroom, and bathroom.  Everything was remote controlled- the curtains automatically were opened to reveal the sights from every angle- could even look at the strip from in the tub!  Our first night, chocolate covered strawberries were sent up- delicious.  Going out to see the sights from the Aria was extremely easy between the tram and the central location. The restaurants on sight that we went to were fantastic, and we loved seeing Zarkana, an easy walk from our room as well.  Didn't spend much time at the pool (hubby isn't a swimmer), but from what I saw they appeared nice.  Look forward to my next opportunity to visit this resort!
3	When you drive up to the main entrance, you feel like you're going to walk into paradise.  The facade with multiple water features and soaring curved glass is spectacular.  That's where the splendor ended for us, everything else about ARIA is simply just "ok".  Casino floor never really seemed crowded, even late at night. Staff is decently friendly and helpful. Here'a a little more:PROS- Relatively spacious rooms that have great linens, awesome automated features (curtains, etc) always really clean (housekeeping does a great job - also really great toiletries - More than 4,000 rooms and it was sold out while we were there, but yet it never felt terribly crowded- Pretty central on the strip to lots of things including a tram that loops beween ARIA, Bellagio, Monte Carlo, and the Crystals (high end shopping mall)- Beautifully appointed space throughout - modern yet classic, just chic enough without being overboard - and none of that themed crap so many of the other casino/hotels have going on- Reliable and fast valet parking ("Free" meaning included in the mandatory "Resort Fee" you pay daily)CONS- No in-room coffee makers- Super sensitive automated mini-bars with sensors - if you accidentally bump something it charges to your account- AC in rooms doesn't work all that well (especially on 115 degree days), leaving it too warm to sleep comfortably- Pools are quite small, but do seem to have lots of seating (although the lounge chairs are all really close together)- Check in takes forever and lines seem to be never-endingTons of restaurants to choose from, although most are quite pricy. If you wanted to, you could stay on the hotel premises your entire visit and never leave. Included in the daily $25 resort fee tacked onto your daily rate (per room, not per person), you get "access" to the pools (most of them), gym. WiFi and also "free" valet parking....but when you valet park, they never ask for your room or if you're staying, so really anyone could park for free. In sum, ARIA is ok, but with all of the competition in Vegas, I'd hope my dollars would go a bit further.
5	I stayed at Aria for a few days and I absolutely loved the place. Very classy, elegant, modern, artsy, and located in the middle of the strip! Large rooms with remote-control access to everything - TV, lights, curtains, room service - and an amazing view! I also thought their fountain and waterfall out front were really cool.
3	LOVED the hotel and staff- The only thing that could stand a bit of improvement is the check in process which was a nightmare and took way too long! A little more organization and staff could go a long way in this process.  The other thing was the cleanliness of the rooms- when we arrived there was one aria slipper in our room by the bed and a home depot plastic bag- you could tell they hadnt dusted either - Our last day there the housekeeping lady was slow to clean our room and didnt do a good job at all - I expected a little cleaner areas from a corner suite- The room itself was very nice and we would for sure stay here again - hopefully they wll read the reviews at some point and see others dissatisfaction in certain areas-
4	I recently stayed here for 4 nights.  I think I've stayed at every big hotel in Vegas.  I used to like THEhotel at Mandalay Bay, but that property is a bit dated.  Service is awful, too.  I like Encore, but everything is so expensive there.  Bellagio is one big tourist mecca.  The other hotels (Caesars, Venetian, PH, etc.) feel claustrophobic. Dark.  Low ceilings.  Smoky.  Same crowd you'd find on a Carnival cruise ship.My favorite hotel is Mandarin Oriental, but they don't have a casino... and if I'm in Vegas, I kind of want a casino in the building.  Easy access.  Aria is part of the City Center complex... same as Mandarin Oriental (and Cosmo, which I'll get to in a separate review).   Big, open casino.  High ceilings.  Newer machines.  Very little smoke.  Lots of good dining options (except for their buffet... which is terrible). The rooms are all modern and high tech.  Bathrooms are clean and logical.  Service is exceptional.  Elevators are grouped by floor ranges... which makes for a quick trip. They have a "promenade" level where you can get to the spa, pool, Starbucks, the shops) without having to go through the casino.  The resort even just smells nice.The fitness center is cool, but it closes at 8PM... which is pretty early.  Back to the dining options... Todd English's P.U.B is a great place for chicken parm sliders, lobster rolls, and good food at a reasonable price.  The Five50 pizza joint serves some of the best pizza I've had (awesome when you're highly buzzed at 1AM and need to fill your belly).  Lemongrass had slow service, but awesome Thai food. Blossom offers typical Chinese dishes, but 5-star service in an elegant setting.  My best friend is Chinese and agreed that it was some of the best she's had.    They've got a Javier's off the casino floor if you want a tasty margarita, Mastro's if you want a steak, and the list goes on (Julian Serrano, Sage, Social House, She by Morton's). Aria's got a good location. Mandarin Oriental is next door and offers MoZen and a nice bar with a view.  Cosmo isn't too far away.   A bridge will take you across the street to Planet Hollywood, Bubba Gump, and a bunch of stuff.  CVS is nearby.So... it's relatively new, big, clean, and offers a lot of variety.  I'd stay here again.
4	I have to say I was impressed to actually stay at the Aria hotel this time.  The room was very impressive, my friends got a deal from priceline or wherever so even on Thurs and Friday night we got the same rate for both nights.  Most Vegas hotels for friday night are very pricey.  I think some hotels cost about $400 a night on a friday especially the whole 1 king sized bed thing.  The access to everything was great, the gym and the pool.  Downside was I thought the bathrooms were small but I mean we had two queen size beds so it was 4 people ( 3 guys, 1 girl) sharing a bathroom so that was just the slight issue, it was hurry up shower, do your business and get ready in the bathroom quick so the next could go and we would not end up getting to the clubs too late.  Another downside - daily $25 resort fee tacked onto your daily rate (per room, not per person), Another downside- I heard the same thing too, even if you touch the mini-bar and move stuff you will be charged $50 restocking fee and probably charged $4 for some stale ass potato chips.  My friends and I kept soda, beer, Haitian vodka bottles, Captain MOrgan rum bottle  and Gatorade fully stocked to drink in our room.  -I have to say hotel rooms were beautiful and very futuristic looking and saying you stay at Aria did hold some weight in the club later that night (fellas I am just sayin').  The other guy the girl was talking to probably said he was staying at some Best Western or something.  I hope to stay here again next time I come back, loved the location when walking from the strip to get around here and  there.
4	First time at the Aria and my first time in Las Vegas! Beautiful hotel with great customer service from checking in to calling house keeping they made you feel so taken care of! Im from California and aren't used to the smoking inside thing but the Aria keeps the hotel nice and ventilated so you don't feel like you're breathing it in. When we walked into our hotel room the automatic blinds open with a great view, the lights come on and the TV turns on. everything is just a button push away. The bed is so comfortable it was like sleeping on a cloud. You can actually buy their whole bed set up if you want. We are going to buy the pillows they were great! My only complaints were that the hotel is a little bit off the strip so if it's a 110 degrees outside going anywhere can be a little over whelming. We enjoyed the pool one day which was very mellow (MONDAY)  they have 3 pools which seemed to be divided up with families who have kids, young adults etc. That was nice because you can pick your crowd. One complaint I had was the bathroom in the room wasn't cleaned very properly. The tub seemed to have some soap scum or cleaning product in it, same with the toilet and had a bit of a funny smell over all. I know if I would have called house keeping they would have taken care of it right away for me so I wasn't too concerned but it did keep me from using the giant awesome shower tub combo. Make sure you have the concierge print your boarding passes when you check out, thats a great service. as for restaurants the Aria cafe was OK but it took 20+ mins to get one order of "late night" chicken strips when it wasn't even busy. We also went to Julian Serrano for Tapas which was good (not amazing) but I'm from SF so I'm a bit of a tough critic. Very good service everywhere we went though! The golden club (sunday night)  was very small and not that impressive... no where to sit unless you had bottle service which was annoying if you just want to have a drink not even any bar stools. Dj was old school hip hop/ rap/ house/ top 40. Needless to say we left after one drink. I would check out other big clubs if your looking for a good time. One plus about the club was that my boyfriend was $20 and I was $10 plus we got two free drinks- we did have to get wrist bands for this from a guy who scouted us downstairs to get this deal. This is a cheaper deal than most clubs in Vegas. Over all great hotel and I would stay again!
4	The aesthetics of this hotel is pretty impressive. It's modern and inviting. There's a tram that takes you to Monte Carlo and Vdara. The same ambiance goes for the room. There's a touch screen tablet that controls the TV, A/C, and the curtains. You can even set the curtains to open a certain time in the morning for a wake-up call! Fancy huh?The bathroom had a separate bath and shower. I would return again and maybe go for a more expensive room to see the difference.
4	21st Century Vegas! Best hotel in the City center ... Long lines during check out.. However they a extremely accommodating. Art is everywhere... No plastering and facades like many other Vegas hotels.. Beautiful architecture with real steel, stone, marble, wood...quality restaurants... Easy access to Chrystal  and Bellagio via tram..
4	Beautiful exterior and lobby. Loved the soothing and cooling waterfall that is out front.Reviewing based on what is aptly called THE BUFFET. Came here for Sunday Brunch ( we had a complimentary breakfast for two coupon from a neighboring hotel that is part of the MGM resort properties), and simply paid the difference.A lot of choices, and nearly every  dish was delicious. Generous servings of prime rib, brisket, pork from the carving station. American cuisine  - biscuits, gravy, waffles, french toast, pancakes, huge selection of bread, rolls, muffins, pastries. Chines breakfast items of congee, dimsum. Italian station was really a lot of kid friendly choices including pizza. Seafood station has both hot and cold crab legs, mussels, clams, the scallop ceviche was not my fave ( I almost NEVER spit out food, but there was that bad texture and taste on the scallop). Enjoyed the cured meats and cheeses (Asiago, Fontina and one more choice). Quiche Lorraine was a tad dry (sitting in a warmer too long, perhaps). Smoked salmon and really peppery smoked trout also at the seafood station.Fruit and salad station had a good variety but nothing spectacular.Really good service from the servers (who bring out a carafe of coffee to each table). Requested a carafe of Iced tea and got that as well. They also will not clear your table until you are pretty close to ending your meal (when you start pushing away plates or stacking them to make room for more) so they are not hovering around. PACE YOURSELF , save room for gelato or sorbet at the end of your meal - refreshing sugar free strawberry was great with the Italian lemon ice (from a different station).All in all, good value for the money.
5	ARIA is one of my favorite hotels in Vegas! First off, thank you to my bf for telling me to look into Aria... and then the great deal that they were having.-LOVE the fact that you can check-in whenever you arrive. I came in super early so checked in around 7-8am and got a room around 11:30pm. Normal check in is 3pm but they are willing to accommodate you as quickly as they can! You get the room keys when you check in and they will text you when the room is ready (so that you don't have to go back to the front desk).-Customer service is SUPERB! The entire staff from front desk, bell desk, to concierge, was amazing. Customer oriented at its finest :) LOVE that there aren't super long lines for checking in or checking out. LOVE that bell desk brings your luggage up to the hotel, down from the hotel, and to the taxi line. LOVE that you can print your boarding pass at the concierge. -The rooms were immaculate and modern! Loved the bathroom, the robes, the automatic windows, the view, soft pillows, comfortable bed. EVERYTHING basically! :) ARIA is one of those hotels that you can actually call your home away from home (Especially when you get a chance to sleep in Vegas!)-Absolutely LOVED the pool. It's huge so you really won't have a problem finding a spot. It's so peaceful and relaxing! The hot tub was nice too!-There's also a lot of food variety at Aria. We ordered from the Cafe, dined at the Buffet, and had delectable delights from Jean Philippe Patisserie (FAV @ Aria!)-Would definitely visit again and stay here! :D
5	This was my first time to Las Vegas, and the Aria Resort and Casino was absolutely awesome!!  I loved my stay at this resort.  The staff was very friendly and helpful, great places to eat, and also lots of activities via the pool and theatre.  The Buffet was a bit of a disappointment; however, the other food venues were great.  It is also located right on the Vegas strip, which was very convenient!
5	Beautiful modern contemporary hotel. Stayed here for edc, my girlfriend's bday and my bday. No disappointments. I recommend this hotel.
5	Over the top fantastic! We had a corner suite, which I highly recommend you upgrade to for a nominal amount as the views and bathtub are fantastic. Employees could not have been any more accommodating and overall we couldn't have enjoyed our stay anymore.
3	OK, from a facilities standpoint...but all tables were min of $50 on friday night...is $50 the new $25?
4	Really liked my deluxe room. The technology is cool, control everything in the room with a touchscreen.  I wish they had self-service check in to avoid the lines.  Casino is not too big or too smokey.  The bakery is awesome.
4	This was my boyfriend and my first time in Vegas without family. We were celebrating his birthday so naturally I wanted to stay in a nice hotel. It had been years since we both had been in sin city and Aria had not been built yet. It is definitely a beautiful hotel.As soon as you walk up, you notice the beautiful details of a waterfall.When you first walk in the aroma of cigarette smoke does not overwhelm you like in some casinos on the strip. It is clean and bright which I loved. ...Then you notice the long check in line. Which of course is to be expected at a popular hotel on the strip, the line when smoothly and probably as quickly as possible. The staff was courteous and friendly and got us checked in and on our way. The elevators are grouped up by floors which is nice, they also have someone manning the elevators checking for key cards, which is great, but it almost seems like it'd be more updated if the elevators had a key card security slot like I've seen in other hotels.We stayed on the 20th floor and our room was SOO Far from the hotel. You would think there'd be more than one elevator for the floor, but there isn't and it was literally a trek from the elevator to our room. When we got to our room. The lights were off, the curtains were closed. And it took us a minute to find switches to everything, as everything is controlled by a little mini control screen. When we finally got everything on, we were greeted by a beautiful view of the strip. Our room was smaller than I pictured from the pictures. The bathroom was nice. The separate soaking tub was a really nice touch which we used every night we were there. We got two robes and slippers. Housekeeping was prompt to bring us toothpaste and an extra pair of slippers when I called down. Housekeeping was also excellent at keeping our room neat and tidy which I appreciated. They tidy''d our room in the morning and did a turn down service at night. Chocolates and all.The pool of the Aria was wonderful. We spent a few hours down there lounging around. I wish there were more shady spots available as the Vegas sun was beaming down on most areas. It'd be nice if they had more umbrella's available. We also got two free buffet meals. We used it for dinner on a friday night. If it weren't free I would definitely pass on the buffet.The biggest complaint about our stay was check out. We checked out on a sunday morning. I understand lines are going to be long. But you would think with a hotel so up to date and a room completely controlled by a remote, you should be able to review your bill on your TV screen and check out through there. I've been to much lower end hotels such as hilton and can check out from my room. The line was long and although they tried to go quickly it was a tad annoying that that was our only means to checking out. There was a person going around with an ipad asking if people wanted to express check out with them, but they didn't go down the line in any sort of fashion so they never even asked me and skipped me, which annoyed me even more. Other than that, our stay was pleasant, and we would stay here again.
5	I absolutely adore ARIA! The property itself is beautiful and modern, and I love how it smells inside. I stayed here with my mom when she visited and we had such a nice stay. We originally booked a standard Queen room, but I requested an upgrade and we were upgrade to a very nice room in the Sky Suites. Even though we weren't exactly paying to be in that room, we were treated very well. They have free beverages available and food at certain times of the day as well. We were also given complementary spa passes for the duration of our stay and I also went on a tour of the property. I absolutely love the beds and pillows in the rooms and have even bought pillows from them so I could have them at home...I really wish that I could afford the mattress now, but maybe later :-p I find that ARIA has great room rates for the quality of the rooms. I'm still not sure why people complain about the resort fee as it is properly disclosed when you make your reservation (no matter who you make the reservation through) and most of the properties on the strip have them. It seems that people who have had issues here have had them resolved reasonably, or they were one-off situations and they did not address it with any staff members. I will definitely be back to ARIA.
2	The good: Aria has AWESOME rooms.  As close to the comfort of my own bed that I've ever had! Poker room was also great! BUTThe bad: The casino and restaurants were VERY disappointing! No cheaper gambling tables at night. But above the casino, the food was a MAJOR disappointment.  I asked one of the security guys where I could get a good hamburger being as I was a little hung over and had a spa appt that I wanted to make and just wanted a good burger fast. He told me accross Las Vegas blvd at fat burger??!!!!  WTH????  So I had to eat a crappy sandwich in the Starbucks. The buffet....average at best. Also disappointing!! I love high end food when it's good....theirs? Not good.Overall even though I loved my room, the casino and restaurants were enough to make me NOT want to stay again.
2	The room was great. It was large, clean an modern. However I am very disappointed by hidden fee I was charged on my reservation. I reserved the hotel via Expedia. The website offered a very good deal that brought the price below the price of other competitors. When I went there they told me there was a resort fee in addition to my reservation price. The final invoice ended up 20% above the original fare.
3	I was there for a design trade show and got a somehow better rate. The hotel is newer, the rooms are fully automated with some nice features, but very small. The design is ok but somehow very standard. I wasn't impressed. As far as customer service, they process thousand of requests per hour and personal service is not possible, but: 45 minutes to check in, no feather pillows, bad food, no coffee in room, no view, pool and gym closes at 8pm, and miles and miles of hallways (15 minutes walk to get a cup of coffee and 25 minutes wait at starbucks) . Last time I stayed at the Palazzio, and liked it better there. Their prices are outstanding, rooms are big and decor is more like "vegas style".
2	For the same room rate, I prefer Vdara.Vdara 's room is twice bigger than Aria.Check-in at Aria takes about 45 min in line, long line and slow service.Aria has no Business Center to fax or print boarding pass. Vdara has. but close at 5pm.Aria room is half the size of Vdara for the same price.Aria has no fridge, no dinning table, no 2 TVs, Aria has better pool area than Vdara, Vdara pools are crowded.Aria has buffet , its pretty good, they have crab legs for lunch. Vdara has no restaurant.However, Vdara has no casino, no restaurant, but its is just next to Aria ( connected )I take Vdara anytime.
4	When staying in city center, I like to stay at Aria. Rooms are gorgeous, and restaurants are on point. I won't really gamble here, but it always seems to be poppin! Not my absolute first first choice, but I do love it when I stay here! It even smells good.
2	Meh I was under wooed. I lived in Vegas for nearly 2 years, was probably there 30 times before I made the move, and have been back twice since I've moved. I know a thing or two about a thing or two and this hotel didn't really do it for me. The Good: -Room itself was fine, the shower and tub were pretty awesome, view was pretty good.-Rate they offered me was very reasonable, cheaper than some of the other hotels-Staff at the Casino bar by the elevators to get to you're room. Same guys were working all weekend long. Awesome group of guys made hanging out there fun, you should commend them.--Great dinner spots here, not really much for breakfast or lunch, but dinner they are covered onThe Bad:--There's no place to get food by the pool. I mean they have a menu but it's extremely limited and you have to go inside to find something decent. PS- the casino is like 10 degrees below zero. So when you are partially wet outside by the pool and it's 115 outside, your implants basically freeze and you become a Popsicle this is not the look you are going for...trust me.--It took us almost 30 mins to check into our room. Now granted it was ready, and it was like 1 pm, we actually walked by the line earlier say around 12 but the line was really long then too. So, we went and had lunch then came back and indeed it was slightly shorter, but not really. --Loosing, loosing money is bad we all lost money. #booThe Ugly: --Coffee-I need it, I want it, I got to have it. There are only 2 places to get coffee here, you MUST go downstairs, and both are going to have lines that are at least 15 mins (no joke 20 people deep).  I can barely walk w/out coffee in the morning and I also hate lines. I also was too late to do room service b/c I'm out having fun --Couldn't get a late checkout, had a knock at the door at 11 am to make sure we were checking out, I hate this. I was offered a rate of $49 if I wanted to extend the room to 6 pm. My flight was at 420, Just needed the room to like 2 pm. Got a big no go on that one. Had to then go check my bags w/ the bellmen, go to another casino for lunch, come back and then head to the airport. They made this alot more difficult then it really needed to be. And lost me to another casino. --Table minimums are freaking STEEP here!  It's 4th of July weekend, I get it, but $100 mins at 7 pm for Black Jack?  The other mins were $200 and $300.  We had to go to another casino to gamble...now does that make sense at all to you?  The tables were not busy at all. Not surprising.WOULD I STAY HERE AGAIN- No-unless they gave me free rooms or something, but this would be a NO for me. Would I go here again, YES but not actively.
5	The Aria Hotel is the Centerpiece in the cluster-fuck that is known as City Center. It is architecturally stunning and has a beautiful spacious layout. Like all casinos, it is difficult to navigate. Aria has amazing restaurant, wonderful bars, an amazing pool. It also has establishments run by The Light Group for those trying to get their Party Rock on (Gold Boutique Lounge, Haze Nightclub, and Liquid Pool Lounge - seasonally).The rooms are posh and nice. All electronic hookups are connected to a remote control. How amazing is that? If you have the money, Aria is a solid hotel and it's by all the big and hopping megaresorts. A sure bet!
5	This is the best hotel experience I've ever had in Vegas.  My fiance and I travel to Vegas about twice a year, but had not yet stayed at the Aria.  Upon checking in, we received a complimentary upgrade to a penthouse sky suite from a standard room!  On a weekend!  For three nights!  The room was unbelievable.  There were two bathrooms, a kitchen, living room, and dining room.  We had friends also visiting Vegas and, honestly, the four of us had more fun celebrating in our room than on the strip.  The master bath was enormous and featured a large sinking tub in the middle of it, a heated toilet seat with a built in bidet/dryer, and a huge glass shower with a steam-room feature.  The Aria hotel is beautiful and chic, conveniently located, with many delicious dining options (we ate at Julian Serrano, Javier's, and and Blossom- all fantastic), but it was the top-notch service we received that made our anniversary unforgettable.
4	Stayed here for the first time recently and I'm a big fan. Reasonable prices and I loved my room - modern and classic decor, high tech, great shower and tub. It's as luxurious as you need, since for most of us a room in Vegas is just for sleeping. Aria exceeded my expectations.Its location is a definite plus. Super close to the Cosmopolitan for food/nightlife and the CityCenter is right there for food/shopping. Check-in took a long time, though. Great service, but downvotes for that long line. Also could use more elevators, maybe.Can't comment on the pool, room service, or housekeeping.
4	My first time staying -- I'd have to say very nice and eloquent place. The only reason I didn't give this place its final star was the long wait in line for everything. Valet drop off, Check in, bathroom, cafe, coffee, pool, valet pick up, card check to go to rooms, and bell service. It gave the feeling they were under staffed.
5	Billll meeeeee. I'm billable.OK, pricey.Luxurious.Long lines at check in.Nice express check out via email.I will definitely go again.
5	Love, love this hotel! The best on the strip!!! I make sure I visit the Aria Hotel once a month, and I have never been disappointed! If you haven't stayed at the Aria, I highly recommend it , you won't be disappointed :)
5	Visited Vegas recently and stayed at MGM (sadly). We visited Aria and it was AWESOME. They will get my business on the next Vegas trip.
3	Just came back stay at the aria thought was real glitzy my room was on the 3rd floor overlooking not the drip air vent type stuff was dirty window was very pricey hotel plus snacks in the mini bar 5$OMG buy your pop at the shop they have second night they did not come in and change  sheets and towels still on floor when back around midnight see some shows will not be staying may visit and gamble did win there was right next city center looking no buying. Luv going to vegas but not happy with this place go back Monte Carlo or even try  place off the strip.
4	This hotel is SOOOO beautiful, I didn't stay there but I shopped and gambled here a little and I just want to COMPLIMENT on what a WONDERFUL and cool casino and regular hotel staff they have here. They were so nice and funny, trying to teach us the rules of the tables and such. I also really love how much things they have in this hotel to do. and also how just in general beautiful and clean and upscale feeling this place was. I think I want to stay here next time I am in Vegas. I feel like I wont have to travel much since this hotel has shopping, restaurants, a casino and club!! =) overall, i think the average hotel stayer or tourist wont be disappointed here!
5	Stayed here for four nights (Thursday through Monday) and the hotel won me over. The room was first class with everything I could ever need. HUGE shower (room for wife, girlfriend, & FB) and tub was nice/ separate from shower; but all enclosed to one another. Fully stocked bar with pull down service every evening. Additionally at night, they fill your ice bucket too and leave chocolate bedside. Flat screen on the wall with an iPad to control the entire room (Even the shears and black out drapes) were controlled by a button on the wall or the iPad. Very pleased with accommodations of hotel. Things around hotel are pricey, just like all the hotels for a beverage cost of $11.50, but lots of nice candy; if u know what I mean. Thumbs up in my book, I'll be saving my bucks to come back 2014!  Pool was nice; but I gotta due some work on those abs brother!!!
4	In two words- modern decadence. Really chic modern rooms.  When you first get to your room the blinds open the lights go on And the room welcomes you: its really cool if you into that. All the ammenities are top notch- kinda pricey but worth the moneys.
5	very clean and modern rooms. excellent service. The Bellman came to pickup our luggage and belongings within five minutes of when the phone call was made. Really enjoyed the room and how clean it was.
4	Review for shops and ambience : The inside decor is beautiful.  Very modern and interesting.  The shops are very high end and designer.  Very pretty to walk through!
5	this is the second time i've stayed at the aria and it really is one of the nicer hotels on the strip. we stayed in a beautiful two bedroom penthouse sky suite with a great view of the strip. i love that everything in the room is automated and they have some of the most comfortable beds i've ever slept on. one of my favorite features of the room is the steam shower; so relaxing after a long night! if you can, i definitely recommend upgrading to a sky suite; you get to avoid the super long check in lines and get access to free snacks in the lounge. this came in handy whenever we were heading out (or back) and wanted a quick bite or coffee. i'm already missing their chocolate macaroons!
4	I would definitely stay at Aria again if I could.  It is in a great location near everything else I wanted to go to.  I went with a group and received great service from all the employees I interacted with.  The staff that does the take down service at night was awesome.  We were a group of girls with our stuff literally strewn EVERYWHERE in the room and they took the time to fold up random clothes, position slippers by our bed, leave us chocolates and organize small groups of items on the counter tops while also preparing the beds for us.   I was really impressed at how pleasant and friendly all the service employees were.  There is a safe in the room that is very discreet.   There is no microwave or refrigerator there.  I wish there was a fridge so I could at least have drinks cold, but the ice is free - I would recommend buying a cheap foam container from the CVS across the street to put a bag of ice in for if you have drinks to keep cold.  I don't mind that there was no microwave as much since I know they want you to eat out and spend- not cook and stay in while you're in Vegas!   The pool had 3 -4 lifeguards at all times. Good for kids because it is shallow.  Go there early if you want to lay under a little bit of shade though.  They have service at the pool so you can order drinks or food there.  Something I would keep in mind is that the mini bar will charge you, just like all other places, if you use the food or drink in there.  However the difference is that it is weight sensitive - so if you pick up the items or open the fridge and put things inside - it will notice and charge you for "using" the item, whatever it was.  It is a 50 dollar charge per day to use the mini bar fridge by putting things in, and then various charges for items available.   Just keep an eye on your check out statement before you leave so you can contest any problems with that - maybe your kids or you picked up items to look at them - it will still charge you!  So check your final bill before you leave - the lady at the front desk removed the charge and it was no problem but just something to keep in mind.  You don't want to leave Vegas and then realize they overcharged you later!
4	My wife and I love the Aria.I have stayed at dozens of hotel/casinos in Las Vegas for the past 35+ years.I would have to say most of them are getting old. Even the ones that have been upgraded seem old, but the Aria is all new. But of course it is fairly new anyway.Once we stayed there, we never looked back. Its our favorite now and always stay at the Aria.We use our M-Life rewards card every chance we get. And why not. We get free suites and food every visit, not to mention the other comps.The corner suites are (Bitchin)We love that there are 2 toilets! I don't need to go into that ok!The floor to ceiling glass is gorgeous and even the all glass bathroom windows are a sight to see though!3 TV's and a mini bar and frig with its own ice maker. We use it all.Oh and the Toto bidet toilet is,  well a treat!Now we have a casino host since everyone kept telling us we were suppose to have one (people like the ones who worked in the casino).So now we call our host every time we need something. Nice!Using the M-Life rewards card also lets us in the buffet line without waiting. We get to see a free show and the last show was Zarkana, and got front roll seats.We also like the fact that the Aria is a 5 star hotel and LEEDS certified, although my wife doesn't care. The casinos have vents built in the slot machines to circulate the smokey air so the air smells clean and they are suppose to have their own scent too.You can also use your M-Life cards at other casinos like the MGM, Monte Carlo, Excalibur, Luxor, Mandalay Bay etc and get points.Work your way up to the Platinum card and you'll be treated like a VIP.BTW, the NOIR card is the top players card. NO way are we going to even come close to that unless we sell our house and cars to gamble away! We also love the buffet there. More about that later.
5	I might have found my go to hotel in Vegas!This was the first time staying at the Aria. I usually stay at the Bellagio or the Venetian, but this time I gave Aria a chance, and boy was I glad that I did. The hotel is amazing in every single way. When I first arrived to the front doors, there was only a few taxi cabs dropping passengers off. It's not like other hotels where there is a long queue that forces your taxi to wait for an additional 5 minutes.If there was one thing I did not like about this hotel it's the check-in line. I checked in around 11pm on a Sunday night. It took me about a half hour before I made it to the front desk. I can only imagine how bad it is during the day time when a lot of people are trying to check in at the same time. After talking to the gentleman at the front desk, he upgraded me to a City View room. I had only booked a regular room which would have faced the mountains instead of the strip. I got a room with a spectacular view on the 51st floor. (Note: the $20 tip does work here) Room: clean, modern, bathroom was very clean (no traces of mold/mildew), everything in the room is powered by a tablet on the nightstand. The curtains, lights, tv, temperature is all controlled through the tablet. Takes a little bit of time to get used to, but not too difficult. Food: There are so many options here to choose from. Each morning I would go to the Jean Philippe pastry shop right by the guest elevators on the casino floor. You can choose from crepes, pastries, coffee, muffins, croissants, sandwiches, panini, and so many other things. There is a Starbucks on the promenade level, but the line is really long in the morning. I suggest you either eat at Jean Philippe or go to Crystals and go to their Starbucks. For fine dining, you have a ton of options. I ate at Sirio and Julian Serrano. Both were really good. Take advantage of their happy hour and pre fixe menus. Pool: The pool area has three main pools with lots of fold down chairs. I usually went to the pool around 11am and was able to find a spot easily each day. For the younger crowed into edm, Liquid Dayclub is open I believe at 11am each day. There are promoters scattered around the hotel handing out passes to people for free/reduced admission into Liquid, so keep an eye out for them if you are interested. Fitness Center: So the gym is included in the mandatory resort fee that you have to pay. They have the basics that most people would need: treadmills, bicycles, ellipticals, weight machines, free weights, cable machines, area for stretching and abs. They give out free bottles of water too.Tram: There is a free tram that connects to the Monte Carlo and Bellagio. You can actually access the trams in two different locations at the Aria. There is a Monte Carlo/Aria station where you don't actually have to leave the hotel. To reach the Monte Carlo, you just walk a bit through a tunnel and you are right there. Not far at all. You can also catch the tram at Crystals on the 3rd floor of that mall. Personally I think the distance to get back to your guest room is the same for both stops. Conclusion: I felt very safe at this hotel. The staff is very nice. I actually left my designer jacket at Jean Philippe one night and didn't remember it until the next morning. I was pretty certain the jacket was long gone. After talking to security on the phone. They were able to find it in their lost and found. What were the odds. Check out was a breeze. I did it through the television instead of waiting on that ridiculously long line in the lobby.
5	Great room and absolutely the very best hotel gym in Vegas.  The hotel layout is really well planned.  Food is a bit pricey but its worth the extra money to stay here.
2	To sum this up quick, i was sadly disappointing. Hotel Aria is just simply over rated. There is nothing special about this hotel, nothing that has made it stand out amongst the other numerous hotels in Las Vegas. considering what i paid for the room i was expecting to be blown away, i wasn't. The staff was friendly, however the service was just mediocre. Just one of the many issues that i experienced to support my two star rating: i called and asked for a mini fridge. I have medication that required refrigeration, AND they never delivered it! I considered placing in their mini fridge with all their food and drinks, don't worry i didn't, however let me tell you that cleaning service must not open these refrigerators because i found the previous guests leftover food in it. How gross is this? I would say that this place is over rated and over priced. Consider another hotel.
3	I'm VERY hit and miss on the Aria.  The upside is that we booked our rooms far out enough in advance and using Hotwire that each of our two rooms were under $100 a night.  On the other hand, there were a few things I loved and a few things I didn't love so much...LOVED:BEST.  BEDS.  EVER.  I mean.... like, EVER.Their casino floor is awesome.  It's pretty big and spread out, so you don't get the slot machines all up in your face all the time.  Doesn't smell like smoke, and doesn't smell like obnoxious carpet cleaner, either (I'm talking to you, Treasure Island).Free tram between Monte Carlo - Aria - Vdara - Bellagio.Room was modernized -- everything was controllable by a button on a wall, a touchpad, or the TV.Pools.  They have lots of them, and lots of seating all around.DIDN'T LOVE SO MUCH:Just walking from your hotel room to the parking garage could easily take 10 minutes.  The hotel floors are so wide and long, you feel like you're walking forever just to get to the elevator bank, then you have to walk to the other side of the casino floor just to get to the parking entrance.  A bit frustating, if all you want to do is get something from or put something in your car.In the same vein, just walking from your room to a restaurant at the Cosmopolitan took FOREVER, even though the hotels are almost right next door to each other.  It just felt like Aria was tucked away, really hard to access from other parts on the strip.Bathtub & shower combo.  I get it, it's practical.  Just felt weird to take a bath enclosed in a shower.  Hmmmmm.The closet doors slam shut pretty loudly because they are heavily magnetized.  Didn't want to hear that at 4am from other rooms.Other than that, would visit again if the price was right, but I wouldn't mind paying a bit extra for a slightly worse room, located in the heart of it all.
4	Beautiful hotel and delicious restaurants. Great location. Only downside was the overcrowded, annoyingly set up mini pools- expected more in that area.
1	Reservation representative named Kevin was rude. I called to get an email confirmation sent to me and he basically pretended not to hear me and ignored everything I said like he was talking to someone but not even acknowledging me, then said "well, thank you for calling Aria have a nice evening" right in the middle of me asking him a question and then hung up on me.
4	My wife and I passed through here last week on our anniversary.  We stayed next door at the Monte Carlo and found the hallway that connects the two..  The staff was super friendly and helpful.  We didn't book a room here so I couldn't help you on that.. But after cruising through this place  I would consider staying here.  Legit casino area. I would definitely come here again.
5	The Aria is without a doubt any Vegas goer's dream destination.  This high end hotel is about as top of the line as one could hope for.  Its modern, sophisticated decor will surely amaze.  Its non-smoky air is a welcome transition from other hotels that can dry out your eyes in a matter of seconds.  The Aria is just about the same price as the Venetian and Bellagio, but is definitely more technologically advanced.  Although the minimum betting requirements for table games may be slightly higher than the casinos at the lower end of the strip, the payouts will surely be higher as well!  Upon checking in, I was greeted with a huge line.  After waiting for about fifteen minutes, I was finally able to check in.  I asked if there were any complimentary upgrades available- perhaps a room with a nicer view, and she quickly shot me down.  She confirmed my reservations, and asked me if it was correct.  I told her no; that I had requested two adjoining rooms, and that I had food and beverage credit for each room.  She said she would see what she could do.  She was able to get me the adjoining rooms.  However, she said that for the food and beverage credit, I only had $50 per room.  I told her that when I booked the rooms, it said it came with $100 each.  She then got authorization to give me $100 each which was very quick and no hassle at all.  I wonder if I could have pressed my luck with $200 credits per room!  After getting the room keys, we proceeded upstairs to the rooms.  The rooms were located the sixth floor, and, apparently the key card does not need to be inserted into the door to open it.  One simply just needs to wave it, and the door opens this way.  How cool is that.  The lights, blinds, and thermostat can be controlled and accessed through the mini ipad-like device by the bed.  This device also allows you to turn on the television, flip through channels, and set alarms.  The bathroom has two sinks, as well as both, a shower and a tub.  The room was very clean, and there was absolutely nothing wrong with it.  Overall, Aria is a great hotel and casino.  I will definitely be back.
3	Aria is really modern, kind of too much. It felt a little jetson's style. Everything in the room is automatic and controlled by a master touch pad. Kind of obnoxious because there are delays or misalignment with the pad sometimes where you think you're pressing one thing but something else goes, or the volume or channels get stuck and won't change. It was pretty annoying. Ok here's the real reason I came to review the hotel though: for a big, fancy, expensive resort, you'd think the front desk would answer your phone calls. I called 3 times and in total I spent 22 minutes waiting on hold before hanging up. No one ever answered any of my attempts. My brother in law said he had the exact same experience. None of us ever made a successful call to the front desk the whole stay. Pretty pathetic, if you ask me. Oh and it was at all different times of day. Not just during checkout hours or something where it would be more understandable. Room service was really fast and the menu is reasonable. Pizza was good and really big. The beds are comfortable.Oh! And this part was really stupid I think. The mini fridge is FULL of mini bar stuff. There is absolutely no space left for anything you may need to put in the fridge. My sister in law had to remove an expensive bottle of wine to make space for her baby's formula. Kind of lame. Oh and forget about bringing home leftovers or doing any reheating- no microwave in the room and again, no room for anything else in the fridge. Oh and the whole thing has scales under the minibar stuff so it charges if you remove something for more than 30 seconds. So you can't even take things out to make space and put them back later. Overall, this hotel has a lot of nice features in theory but not in practice. And for God's sake, get more front desk staff!!
4	My wife and I stayed here for two nights in late August.  We liked it quite a bit, but there were a few small irritations that annoyed me - not deal breakers, just irritants.  I would stay here again if I get a good deal on the room rate.First the Pros:  The Aria is quite new, so everything is modern, clean, and not showing any wear or grime.  There are lots of restaurants located on the casino level and the Promenade level, at least three places for coffee (including Starbucks), and a spacious Jean Philippe Patisserie that serves beautiful pastries as well as sandwiches.  The casino is huge, doesn't reek of smoke, is well-lit and pleasantly quiet, not frantic and deafening.  Outside are two water features that I found mesmerizing: a "waterfall wall" and a fountain with a unique lighting system and different spray programs.The hotel staff was very efficient, polite and courteous.  Even all the housekeepers smile and say "good morning" when you pass in the hall.  Security (there were many) and casino workers were likewise pleasant and helpful.In the room, everything electronic is/can be controlled by a master LCD touch panel (like a tablet) on the nightstand.  So when you go to bed, one tap on an icon will turn off all lights and TV, and close the drapes.  The panel also serves as a clock and you can set an alarm if you wish.  It also controls the air conditioner and TV.  I think you can change channels with it too, but there is a regular remote control for that as well.  The bathroom has double sinks and a separate toilet area.  Towels are thick and fluffy, and they even provide robes for you to use.  We did not use the bath sundries provided.I liked the master on/off light switch and the "Privacy" and "Service" switches next to the door that illuminated signs outside, which replace the old doorknob hang tags.Elevators are fast and plentiful.  For efficiency, they provide six elevators for every 12 floors or so, so depending on which floor you're on, you must take a certain bank of elevators.  There is a free electric air-conditioned tram that shuttles you between the adjacent Monte Carlo and Bellagio Hotels.  If they could only extend this to the entire Strip!Now the Cons:  As other yelpers pointed out, you do a lot of walking at this hotel (but this helps you burn off the calories that you're consuming in Vegas!)  If you self-park there is a long walk to the front desk to check in because first you have to reach the hotel, then you must trek through the entire length of the casino to reach the front desk.  I fumed about this until my wife pointed out that the front desk is at the FRONT of the hotel (closest to Las Vegas Blvd. and where the taxis and valet parking are) so that made sense.  Besides, you only check in once, then you never have to do the hike again.  The walk back to your car really isn't that long; it is comparable to most other Vegas Strip hotels, I think.  But to get to the Strip itself you have to walk through the adjacent Crystals Mall instead of just through the casino.  There can be a long walk from the elevator to your room, however, since it is a large hotel and one bank of elevators per floor.I did not care for the electronic control panel in the room.  There is an annoying 2-second delay between tapping the icon and the action taking place, as another yelper mentioned.  This can and should be fixed.  I mostly preferred to disregard the touch pad and just use the regular on/off switches on the lamps and the wall switch for the drapes.The wireless internet in the room is slow!  When you login it tells you it is 1Mb per second.  Really?  Can't they at least do 10Mbs which is the slowest you can do at your own home these days?  And for this you pay $28 per day (resort fee is $25 + $3 tax..they don't tell you about the tax until you look at your bill).  The resort fee entitles you to a daily newspaper (but you have to go get it) and access to the workout room (I didn't try).Our king bed was soft and comfortable but my side of it was saggy.  I attribute it to guests sitting on it repeatedly in that spot because the control panel is on that nightstand and you have to sit to operate it.  Aria management should look into this phenomenon as a byproduct of the control panel (Note to management if you're reading: Room 19225).Lastly, we had two electrical problems in our room.  One was a burned out bulb, then the next morning we discovered that the bathroom duplex outlet and some of the lights didn't work.  We called downstairs and they quickly sent an electrician both times.  He apologized for the inconvenience (praise to him for speaking on behalf of the hotel) and fixed the problems in good time.  He said the lighted makeup mirror in the bathroom had malfunctioned and blew the electrical circuit.  He fixed the GFI outlet and replaced the lighted mirror.  Great and efficient service fixed the problem!Bottom Line: minor irritants but a fine hotel!
5	We recently got married in Vegas and was staying at another property which I will not even mention. But I wanted to surprise my soon to be wife with a with 1 bedroom penthouse here at the Aria, great views of the city,  a very big bathroom, comped breakfast buffet. What a great property from the moment you walk in it's stunning. As I was checking in I walked past James Cameron from Avatar he was checking out, I guess you never know who you will see there.
2	This review reflects only the check-in:Usually we get a great experience at the Aria, as we come back every year. This year we were greated by a very unpleasant check-in clerk. She was very cold and condescending. Luckily the supervisor (Andy), was as always very pleasant and straightened out an issue we had with our buffet offer.
5	Dear my beloved Aria,Oh how I love you, you are my home away from home.Your fluffy pillows and soft body towels.My wonderful weekend getaway from (hectic) LA.Your staffs are always helpful, nice and friendly, Check-in is always a breeze.More then a hand full of times you upgrade my babe & I. I would like to say, Thank you VERY MUCH.I will always remember, you make my weekends extra special.Upgrades, compted meals, shows and stay, sometimes free play money. (HEHEHE)Did I mention, your room services is perfect-o.Within mins of a call, extra towels are bought to us with a smile.With no hesitation, you are always highly recommended to family and friends.Hopefully I will be visiting you soon in the near future.XOXO,Laura P.S.I hope you miss me as much as I miss you.
5	Best hotel I've been to in Vegas.  The service is always amazing.  Nichole at the concierge desk is great.  She will go out of her way to help you.  The pool area is beautiful and the rooms, well they are the best I've seen on the strip.  Really spacious and a modern decor.  The casino has so many slot machine options and a great amount of table games.  There are several restaurants and bars.  Haze night club is here too.  You really never have to leave and you won't want to.
1	I have been a faithful aria resort-er since the first week they opened and refused to stay anywhere else. This last stay, was completely unbelievable. I had a $900 necklace stolen out of our room by housekeeping, and my friend had her couple hundred tiffanys necklace taken as well. I know for a fact it was stolen because the clutch it was in was missing, and the necklace had a small tangle I didn't feel like dealing with right then, so neither ever left the room. I called the hotel. They couldn't have seemed to care less if they tried. On top of it, all of the electronics in the room are out of date. Touch screens were great a few years ago, but now are shot. The curtain that was supposed to open when you first walk in didn't. Lots of little things. But my grandmothers necklace was the last straw for me. Look up aria amd housekeeping theft.Not even for $79 a night will I go back and will tell all my friends the same.
2	For the money spent (and lost) it simply didn't live up to my expectations.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed at the Aria 2 consecutive weekends in a row! Omg I love this place! The housekeeping crew is amazing! The turndown service was great! I will definitely be staying at the Aria again in November! The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because we waited way to long for the wait staff to come around and ask if we wanted drinks while we played roulette! We booked a special deal in which you get two buffets per day and when we checked out the charges had not been removed from my credit card, but they did the right thing by crediting my credit card once I brought it to their attention!!
4	Had a two night stay here a few months ago.  Check in was a breeze.  Had a regular room since it was a last minute thing for a few friends and me.  Just a standard two queens, with a fridge that's already stocked with the overpriced liquor, TV, iPod dock, etc.  Everything can be controlled by the master touch pad which is pretty neat.  It's all modernized here.  Really nice bathroom, it has one of those fogged glass doors when entering the toilet, I thought those were fun!  Beds are really comfortable, the best I've slept on in Vegas.  The hotel is really spread out so walking in this place can take some time, especially for the inebriated.  The pool party was real fun, small and crowded the day I went, if that's your thing.  $20 for guys, free for the ladies.  The pool party should have been called Haze as well because that's what I felt like the whole time I was there ;).  They let the liquor pour here!  However, I have yet to go to Haze :).  The regular pool area was very nice as well, but didn't spend too much time here.  Of all the times I've stayed and been here, I haven't eaten here, so can't comment on that.  Walking to the strip takes a little longer than expected so best to take a cab, unless you want to take a look around the Crystals shopping mall or go next door to Monte Carlo, or if walking is just your thing.  There's also a tram that'll take you to Monte Carlo and Bellagio, and like a few yelpers pointed out, walking to the tram and Monte Carlo is pretty much the same distance..? Ha!  Craps is fun here, though not as exciting as other places like Cosmo or Casino Royale, and they're usually at $10 minimums.  The sports book is a nice and decent size too and like any other place during football season - get there early!  I like Aria, its prices, its table games, its sports book, but the distance kind of deters me a bit from going back here at times while I'm walking.  I'd definitely stay here again because of its good prices and I want to check out the suites, but there are a few other same rate hotels with better pools, more exciting games, and easier access to other hotels/strip I can think of staying at instead.  - more like a 3.5
4	The casino is beautiful.  I was surprised on how unique the decor was.  The bright and colorful slot machines have sure changed over the years.  Our room was a great layout and nice.  However, the remote control failed to work and the TV wouldn't turn off preventing us from sleeping.  There is an in room touch pad which also controlled the tv so that was resolved.   The touch pad itself has poor sensitivity.  Some of the lighting flickered uncontrollably and wouldn't turn on/off.  We would hear load popping noises from outside our large window.  I imagined it was the expansion / contraction of the metal shading partitions that went off at various times.  Also, the building seems to have structural problems as many of the doors throughout the hallway were ajar not able to close all the way.  The staff were extremely professional and always greeted us as we passed.  The shower and bath were shared which was unusual.
4	I would stay here again. It's not perfect but I think we got good value for our money. To Brian F... I got cocktail service in the casino and I was with one other girl. I'm surprised that a guy wasn't getting served at the casino.The first thing I noticed was the cheesy butterfly decorations hanging from the ceiling and that, ugh you can smoke in public places in Nevada : ( All of that aside, we got an upgraded room on the 30th floor that was quite large. It was clean and modern and the bed and pillows were AMAZING.The casino was really nice, it's not as bustling as Caesar's or Bellagio, but that was fine. The patisserie near the elevators was a major guilty pleasure with the gelato (they do samples) and crepes. The restaurants are ok. The Aria Cafe was better than we expected as was American Fish, but BarMasa is an epic fail.The location is great, I don't think the tram is really value add because it goes from Bellagio to Aria and at times, I thought it would have been faster to take the Strip.
5	I seriously had the best time at this hotel. Everything about it screams elegance and the staff are SO kind and helpful. I highly recommend coughing up a little extra $$$ and staying here b/c it's truly worth it.
5	Very nice hotel. Casino is laid out nicely, rooms are very nice with lots of amenities, lots of shops, eateries and the pools are great!
4	This casino stands out in the center of the strip w/ the fancy LV & Tiffany shops nearby. One of my favorite casinos to visit in vegas. The inside air is very clean, you won't feel like your eyes and lungs will dry out 'cause there isn't smoke inside. I love the smell of the Aria and have bought one of their scent sticks for home. Idk how to describe it, but it's a warm cinnamon vanilla scent I like it. I also like the Jean Phillippe Patisserie inside along w/ their buffet upstairs. The casino is pretty plain inside and seems to not be as crowded compared to the other casinos. It's more geared to the older calm crowds.
3	Great hotel and casino... bitchy waitress chicks. I'm pretty sure there was no alcohol at all in half my drinks.
2	Had an Ok experience. Got a good price for the room so allowed us to stay at a higher end hotel for a price closer to some of the less convenient "bargain" casinos. Minus 1 star for housekeeping. Our room was not completely clean upon check in (fingerprints on the mirrors, used q-tip on the floor in the bathroom, something grimey on the closet doors) and was entirely too obtrusive. They moved some of our things from the bathroom counter into drawers in the bathroom. I understand needing to move stuff to clean but this wasn't it, and it's strange to have a complete stranger handle your tooth brush when there really isn't a need to do so. Creeped me out. All the restaurants are expensive (even for Vegas) and the pool is lackluster compared to other properties. Stay was Ok but probably won't be back.
4	We've stayed at Wynn and Palazzo, regularly stay at Bellagio, and we knew this place was "ultra modern" but wow!  Had an Aria one bedroom Sky Suite which includes airport transportation to and from property and access to the private lounge (Bellagio's remains the best, offering wine and spirits to Aria's Wine).  Room was very well appointed, nice view (they call it City view, facing their pools) easy to get to and very easy to enjoy.  Mini fridge with ice maker was very nice touch, so too are the options on television, including many music channels. The Staff here is exceptionally attentive and courteous.  To say i would stay here again is almost a no-brainer.
3	I stayed here with my gf for 3 nights room 17008. 09-05 thru the 8. I would love to stay here again. But even tho I had my service light on every time we're not in the room between 10AM-4 it hasn't never been any cleaning since we've stayed there. Either that that. Everything was super great. Try the aria cafe. Nachos is gonna hit the spot.Don't wait in line to checkout. You can do that on the programs on the tv.Gym- make sure you wear shoes cause people got kicked out for wearing slippers.The buffet- AVOID IT!!!! Not worth it even tho you have a $60 credit from aria. Got me spending $18 that isn't worth it.
3	Stayed here over the past weekend (9/6 to 9/9) with pretty good room rates considering it was the weekend after labor day. I tried the $20 sandwich trick for complimentary upgrades before checking it but they said the hotel was completely booked so I kept my deluxe room on the 30th floor.  The Good - The hotel itself is beautiful and is very modern. I personally enjoyed the remote control to the entire room but I can see why people would complain since it is attached by a wire so really only the person sleeping on the bed side with the remote can use it and sometimes the remote is unresponsive. The Bad - Unfortunately, I was the lucky one that had such a horrible first time at Aria. When I first got to the room, it initially looked great but when I checked the toilet it was backed up with sewage and smelled horrible (pictures attached). I had requested a room on a high floor but since I had to move, they could only move me to the 7th floor which I felt was unacceptable so they released a room to us on the 24th floor and gave us $100 resort credit ($50 initially but we had argued that we had gotten in late and this whole moving around room situation was wasting our time)We were placed next to a bachelorette party and I'm not complaining about the party (because let's face it, we are in Vegas) but they were pretty loud so I asked to be moved the next morning, in which I got a city view back on the 30th floor which I honestly don't think it's worth the extra money. Some people have also stated that the aria entrance is quite a walk to the Strip, which it is so you should walk  through Crystals to the strip or you can take the tram that takes you to either Bellagio or Monte Carlo. Besides the little mishaps though, I thought everything else about Aria was fine and would most likely stay again if I had a good deal or cheap rates.
5	OMG!LOVE this hotel! I cried when it was time to go :(. Had a blast for my 30th with friends and family and I will always recommend The Aria. I styed in the Corner Suit which had my name on the television! I mean, this is high tech, celebrity status stuff! The room sat facing all the bright and beautiful Billboards, and when you walk in the room, all the curtain automatically open....I mean I was just so amazed that I had to return home to my DC apartment.
5	Beautiful hotel and Casino. Very nice rooms. There is an excellent selection of restaurants too. Jean George Steak house is a place you have to try. Very good steaks. I hate to say it, but the buffet is also very good.
4	Another fantastic stay here. This time we upgraded and stayed in a Tower Suite. Quickly noticed improvements from my last review. Towels have greatly improved. Soft and absorbent. Shampoo/Conditioner and Body wash also has changed. MUCH better. Everything i had issue with before has been fixed. Amazing!Tower Suite Pros: Fully stocked mini bar in addition to an empty small fridge with ice maker. Best lighting in the bathroom. Seriously. I have never taken so many selfies in my entire life as i did in our bathroom.Spacious. Beautiful.Cons: I'm being nit picky here but man, the telephones are frigging loud. I thought the world was ending when we got a call. The remotes. Everything is by remote control in these rooms. And at times it got wonky. My husband turned off the tv in the bathroom with the remote and for some reason the jets in the tub turned on. These are all super minor things probably not even worth mentioning.Aria is quickly becoming my favorite Hotel Casino.
3	I stayed here three times in 2011 and would've given it 4 or 5 stars then.  Rooms were super clean, modern, and nicely appointed, rates were on the lower side, the casino actually smelled good, and it was conveniently located right next door to the hotel where the Jabbawockeez show used to be (and which I saw each of the times I stayed at Aria).  Can't forget, it's where I met my favorite makeup artist when she was still working at the hotel's salon!  Fast forward two years later and things have gone downhill.  We forgot to request a higher floor when we made our reservation and they didn't bother to ask us if we preferred a higher or lower floor upon check-in.  We were given a room on the lowest floor possible with a view of nothing.  Actually we did have a view of a dead bird right outside our window on the last day of our stay :/Once we reached our room we weren't sure if there were occupants inside as there was a fruit tart sitting right outside the door and the service light was lit up.  However, once inside we saw that it was unoccupied.  It was disappointing to discover though that there was trash not only outside our room but inside as well.  Next to the night stand was a crumpled up piece of paper or tissue.  Also, on the bathroom counter were a couple of short hairs left behind.  The casino used to actually smell pretty good but they've changed the ventilation system and on social media sites they boast that the casino smells better than ever with the smoke rising up and out.  In actuality the casino smells smokier than ever so I have no idea what they're talking about!  Some good things about the hotel:- They've got the restaurant Javier's which is really good!- There is a tram that you can use to get to Bellagio.  (For the quickest route walk to Monte Carlo and hop on the tram there to Bellagio)- Rooms and bathrooms are spacious (plenty of room for my giant-sized toiletries!)- Convenient if you plan on shopping/eating at Crystals or eating/seeing a show at Monte CarloOne of my top choices a couple of years ago, but especially with the Jabbawockeez having moved down the Strip, not so much anymore.
1	Aria IronWood BallRoom "Floyd v Canelo".Aria punked us!!!- all 1900 of us!! (between the IronWood and Juniper & 'other' little ballrooms which are all part of the same facility- w just 1 bathroom on that floor mind you) for $100 each. Kudos for having tables at least, but 1st come 1st serve? No table reservations possible? So a couple (like us) who made sure to arrive early pays 2bills & now has 2 share an 8 seat table?? & sharing this table which we showed up early to snag--w/ drunk ignorant strangers!?!? (who know ZERO about boxing-& make sure u get 2 hear it) Couldn't even comfortably watch the undercards bcuz every 30secs -"Aaay bro?!? Can me & my wife & my cousin & our baby & my abuelo sit here?" "Can u ask your lady to scoot over-ay she's fine bro" ...Not to mention TERRIBLE audio/video? Couldn't hear the announcers, video pm projector screen was washed out from all the extra unneccesary room lighting..And IT WAS FREEZING!!!!! The inglorious bar-sters didnt even offer any energy drinks (so we got to pay $10 for club soda) and then only staffed 2-3 servers per the 800 or so people in each ballroom? Everyone had to go to the 'bar' themselves. Took FOREVER since u had to buy drink tix 1st--THEN go over to the bartender & pay w the tix!!! Silly!! Asked the bartender about this and he even was like "yeah i dont know why they do it like this it takes so much longer!" He also thought not carrying redbull or other non-alki drinks was illogical. True story btw: In line for 10$ water I noticed the woman ahead of me dressed in what looked like a waiter outfit holding a large drink tray. I asked "Are you a server here? I didn't realize there were servers for the tables here-i hadn't seen anybody serving?" I swear she says "yeaaaah, not everyone is getting waiter service though" ?!?!?! I paid $100 to get in, 1/2 ass bar service, sharing tables w strangers- "WHY NOT?!?" i asked...no reply...(why was she in the reg line anyway? Aren't u waiting on tables???WTF???) But the final cornball cheap-a$$ straw? The b.s. high school football game 'food-offerings' THAT WE HAD TO PAY FOR!?!?!: Nachos and *HOT DOGS?!?* Effin self-serve at that?  Charged-YES CHARGED my lady for a bag of potato chips???????? (Nothing else looked 'trustable') Keep in mind even w tacky wristbands *No Re-entry*...just 2 make sure I couldnt run downstairs & buy a red bull!! Maybe drunken overweight Canelo fans driving in from AZ, NM & TX are ok w/ this profit-oriented cattle-herding but I don't pay $100 to have my lady eat hot dogs. F you Aria!!!...Glad we got u bumboclots back (on your own craps tables!!) for *ALL $200* we spent on the fight viewing party tix!! & i made sure 2 get all the free-play redbulls & club sodas we could drink while playing so they ended up spending more on us then the 5000% markup they robbed everyone else with. DONT EVER GO TO A FIGHT VIEWING @ THIS DISRESPECTFUL CONDESCENDINGLY ORGANIZED DOUCHE TRAP!!!! The 1 star is representative of how many times past/present/future I will have attended anything at this joke of a 'ballroom'. MGM or BELLAGIO would be too embarassed to even dare!!!!
5	so this place is GREAT. the decor is so modernized and beautifully crafted. i love the architecture as well! so i usually go with my friends and this was the first time i've ever seen an actual room in the aria hotel! it was really clean, and very interesting since my friend's parents are VIP members. because they're VIP we were allowed in the lounge area where there was snacks and drinks. there were sodas, coffee, fiji water, and juice. there were also little desserts, cookies, little toast, and different types of cheeses. we ended up stuffing ourselves nonstop.okay, so upstairs! the room was amazing. it was special because of it was a suite. there was a dining table and a little bar area. there was also a sitting area with a huge tv. yay for cable! the bedroom was stocked with different types of chocolates in a neat little tiny box, and the restroom...my god the restroom was like heaven. it was the first time i've ever used such an advanced toilet. i know it might sound weird but the toilet was so warm. at first it shot water at my butt which i screamed and panicked about but later on it's actually very relaxing. the tub however, i could have probably drowned in considering how i'm only 5 feet. and it was really hard to climb out. all in all, love this place. the view from the room was AMAZING!
5	Beautiful sky suite upgrade!  So we were lucky! Excellent clean and new hotel.. (Build in 2009 I guess) Very friendly and helpfull people! Good food! I would stay here again if I visit Las Vegas!
1	I want to give zero star for the horrible experience in skysuite. I left my iPad in my room and when I came back at night time it was gone. WTH. What kind of house keeping are they doing in the room. Taking guests item should not be part of their service. We did report and they told us they will check but so far no response. We been to all different hotels in Vegas, this only happened in aria skysuite, and not once but twice. What kind of 5 star hotel service are they providing when guests are losing stuff in their room.
5	Okay, so I was pretty much in love with this place from the moment we stepped out of the cab. The exterior is clean and modern... and then we walked into the lobby. The lobby is beautiful; nicely decorated and continues the modern design. The sculpture of the Colorado River by Maya Lin over the check-in desk is so beautiful. And then we got to our room. Spoilers! When we opened our door for the first time, the lights came on, the curtains opened up and then music started playing. It made quite an entrance. Practically everything in the room is controlled by the tablet on the bedside table. I played with it quite a bit. While we didn't pony up for a "room with a view", we had a nice view out onto the strip and out west towards the Rio. My only (tiny) criticism is that the bathroom does not have enough towel bars. Seriously, that's it. The casino and amenities are top-notch. The staff was very nice, helpful and efficient. And for a busy hotel/casino on the Strip, I never felt crowded here. It was an oasis in the sea of tourists.
5	I'm a huge fan of the Aria. I stayed here with my dad a few weeks ago. The rooms are super nice and modern. The room is controlled by a little tablet and the view from either side of the hotel is great. The hotel is ideally located on the strip so you can access all the other hotels easily. I particularly enjoyed sitting and listening to live music each night at one of the bar areas near the elevators. The check in was not as bad as some people complain about on other reviews. Took about 20 minutes to check in even though the line was huge. Staff was nice There are several pools that are pretty nice to catch some rays. I liked everything but if I were to go again I'd skip the buffet (it was just okay)
4	The hotel rooms are very nice. The location of the hotel is central to the strip but the distance from hotel lobby to the sidewalk is very far and you can get sidetracked and confused with all of the other hotel architectures surrounding it. The staff is very friendly and they did a good job architecturally designing it but it just feels like a haul to get back to the room at the end of the night! Overall beautiful design.
5	I. Love. the Aria. sooooo much. I've stayed there 3 times now and I am ready to move in. The lobby is BEAUTIFUL, smells like vanilla, and several times when I've walked in, Oasis started playing. Anyone who knows me knows I have an unhealthy obsession with Oasis, so that alone was magical serendipity and sold me on the place pretty quickly. Okay so, the rooms. Let's start with the beds. The wonderful, cloud-like heavenly beds. You can buy all the bedding if you have a few thousand dollars to spare, which I don't, but someday. The lights, curtains, music, etc are all controllable from an iPad-like device next to your bed which is great because like I said, the beds are heaven and you won't want to ever leave it. But if you do have to leave the bed to shower or something, you're rewarded with a beautiful bathroom with a monster huge soaking tub. Ahhh so nice.I wish I could give an opinion on the restaurants there, but I only ate at one and it was really late at night and I was pretty drunk so I don't remember much but I'm pretty sure it was great.The pools, and there are 3 or 4 of them, are really nice. There's an adults-only pool club party...thing but it looked full of skinny tan attractive girls, all of which I am not so I stayed away because attractive people intimidate me. So I was happy to lounge by the pool with the rest of the average-looking people.I'm sure I'm forgetting something but to sum it up, the Aria is beautiful and magical and you should stay there.
4	This was my second time staying at Aria, the first coming shortly after it opened.  After the first stay, I would have given it a raving 5 star review, but I was not as impressed this time around.  Our front desk receptionist was very friendly, and I still think this casino does the best job of masking/eliminating the cigarette smoke.Our room was a little disappointing. The beds were still great, not quite the Venetian or Bellagio, but quite excellent in their own right.  Some of the tech that created such a wow factor when I stayed here in 2010 was not such a wow this time.  The room control pad was not sensitive to touch to the point that it was tough to use. The TV did not work. We weren't spending a whole lot of time in the room so that wasn't that big of a deal, but we left a note for housekeeping on the first night, and nothing was done.  The shower (and bathroom in general) were really cool, but the shower area reeked very strongly of bleach.  Overall, the room seemed to be showing some age. Not ideal for a property that I don't think is even 5 years old yet.My biggest complaint would probably have to be the business center. We only brought tablets and needed a desktop to access a program and print something.  The business center charges $1 per minute to use a computer. On a 4 year old desktop. With mediocre Internet. With a 15 minute/$15 minimum. Are you kidding me? How is that not included in the resort fee? I lamented to the girl manning the business center who was as nice as could be and seemed to agree with my frustration. She cut us a deal and only made us pay for the time we used (7 minutes that could have been 2 with a better computer/faster Internet), which was appreciated, but the whole thing still seemed kind of absurd.I do think I would rank the Aria Sports Book as my favorite in Vegas.  The seating is really comfortable and the tv screens are immaculate.  It is a little small so getting a seat means you have to get there early, but it is worth it.Also, the Aria has an ideal location near the middle of the Strip and provides a free tram to Bellagio when you need to go further north.  I was not blown away by Aria like I was a few years ago, but it is still an unquestionably above average Vegas property.
2	The service wasn't good for the quality of place it is.  They were unhelpful and seemed to forget that they should take care of their guests.  It's Vegas, and this place is one of the nicer, more expensive hotels.I gave 2 stars b/c the hotel is nice and the casino was decent
4	Got a comp'd corner suite here, so my friends and I decided to make a Vegas trip out of it. I would definitely come back here just to go back to that suite bathroom. I mean, the service was great and dealing with the front desk was much better here compared to many other Vegas hotels... but the suite bathroom was pretty legit.The suite was a fairly good size and had a separate living room, king size bedroom, one full bathroom + one half bathroom. The full bathroom was huge and included a standing shower, large isolated jacuzzi tub, long sink area, and a technologically advanced toilet (I was too scared to push those buttons..not sure what would have happened to me). Talking about technology, the whole suite was pretty much automated. There's a tablet that allows you to control the curtains/sheers, temperature, lights, and maybe even the toilet (seriously I have no clue what that toilet is capable of). It was awesome to have the curtains set to open at 10am to wake up everyone after a long night of Vegas antics. It's a corner suite, so the whole room is pretty much covered in windows.Would I come back and stay here again? Well, I did have really good luck at the blackjack tables here, so that's a plus. I don't think I'd stay at a regular room for the price, though. If I got another free corner suite? Ohhhh yeaaaaaa. Maybe I'll even pay for the suite too if I get it at a good rate. If I do, you can bet you'll find me lounging in the jacuzzi, champagne in one hand and that tablet in the other hand messing with the curtains (or maybe even the toilet - I really think it's possible ).
1	The customer service at Aria is sorely lacking. When my room card key wasn't working, I called the front desk who said that they would be sending someone from security to bring me a new key.  After 40 minutes, there was no one, and the room service personnel was able to call the front desk for me and at least let me in the room.  When I went to dinner 3 hours later, there was still no one from security to give me a working room card key.  After complaining to the front desk, I was offered just a $25 beverage credit.  The credit doesn't even matter, but it's the fact that they didn't even apologize that irritates me.   When I checked out, my room was billed at a higher rate than I expected.  When I asked the front desk, they alleged that it was the rate that we agreed upon when checking in.  After pulling my check-in records, they agreed that the rate billed was higher and simply said it was a computer glitch and could have happened at any MGM Hotel.  When we spoke with the manager, he adjusted the price but basically said "what else do you want me to do?"  Horrible!After arriving home, I realized that I forgot my wallet in the hotel room safe (which is in a cabinet drawer, not the closet).  After calling the Lost & Found Department 3 times, and each time being told that someone will check and call me back, no one ever called me back. After finally reaching someone who was able to retrieve my wallet after 2 days, I requested that the item be mailed to me via FedEx Overnight to my work address.  Later, I found out that they not only sent the package with UPS Ground but also mailed it to my home address (where no one will be during the day).  It is beyond me why anyone would think it is acceptable to send a wallet with Ground delivery.  This is by far the WORST experience I have ever had with a hotel anywhere in the U.S.
3	I've stayed at the Aria a couple times this year with a group of close friends. It was clean, comfy and modern with outlets, towels, mirrors, and lights in all the right places. Beds are soft...so soft. Rooms were a bit cold and adjusting the thermostat didn't work, so we just turned off the AC.  Within the first half hour of my Aria Experience: Round Two, I have to say--no, I did not feel like a valued guest. But overall, I will say that Aria is a good resort. 3.5 stars. Just beware of rude Front Desk staff. On to better things! I thought the Concierge, Housekeeping and Bell Hop services were fantastic. Very friendly and helpful people. We said hi to each other in the halls. Concierge gave me a tip about the quickest route to the airport and told me that my flight had been delayed almost two hours. I was grateful for the extra time to have fun in Vegas (ended up with an amazing experience during that time!) and not waiting in an airport. I think the Concierge employee's name is Analyn. Didn't check out the pools much but there were cozy jacuzzis in peaceful, semi-enclosed areas.The jacuzzis did smell a little strong, like bleach, but the temperatures were wonderfully hot. I recommend the Aria Spa, Julian Serrano, Sage, and Jean Philippe Patisserie, all inside the hotel. Great food, great service. Great location too. Plenty of shops and restaurants around the resort. A nice and handy Walgreens and the amazing Earl's Sandwiches nearby.From here on out, My Front Desk Experience: I called the Front Desk to change rooms because my room was far removed from the other half of my group (a matter of traveling up and down to get to the right elevators). The Front Desk employee was a little curt at one point, but it was iHeartRadio weekend and honestly, I understood that they were well-booked when I was told no non-smoking rooms were available. When I called again for smoking room availability, within fifteen seconds, the Front Desk employee cut me off mid-sentence with muzak. I was suddenly talking to pleasant music but did not find myself in a pleasant mood. They did this again two or three times. I was confused at the unfriendly treatment. There was no line when I was in the lobby not fifteen minutes ago, so lack of courtesy from being busy wasn't the issue. I was patient, wasn't expecting VIP treatment, didn't moan and complain to get free stuff, and didn't press the issue when I was told there were no rooms available. I ended the call in a worst state than I started in--still stuck on a floor far removed from the party room (noo!) and snubbed by Front Desk staff. We would only be there for only a couple of nights and time was very short for two big birthday celebrations. There were more important things to worry about. (Vegas, baby!)
4	As one of the new places  in town it seems that everybody has a room booked. Compared to the Wynn is has not yet the exclusivety it should. Very nice rooms (we booked a corner suite) with almost everything you can expect. Almost kind of confusing with all the technical features. We had call to twice the Bell Desk to get our Luggage. Make sure you have all the stuff with you to get along quicky. It can take a while..Overall the rooms are amazing and are worth to be patiened.
4	This rating is for the poker room at the Aria, one of the finest poker rooms in Vegas. There are plenty of tables and plenty of games, wait could be anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour depending on time of day and weekend. The players here are semi-pro, pro and few amateurs, 7/9 at the table are sharks, so this place could be challenging if you are novice.
5	Aria is amazing. I had such a completely good experience. I don't know what I would ask for differently. The comfort and security is amazing. And it's just FUN. The social atmosphere across restaurants, bars, and gaming is amazing. You have to at least stop by to check it out, as it's visually stunning.
3	One of the "newer" hotel casino resorts on the strip so it's fairly nice and upscale.  Walked through the casino floor and most tables were $50 or $100 minimum.  Yeah baby high roller.  Didn't spend too much time walking around.  Plus side is they have Sage in the building which is delicious and swanky.  Other than that I didn't like playing here.  It's very 007 which is cool but still didn't like playing here.
3	First impressions..Looks:massive and stylish ...service: 4004 rooms and 7 check-in attendants waiting in line like a Disney e ticket back in the old days some of the glitter removed...I now understand why Vegas went to the more Family way of Fun because slots are not any Fun Anymore.Money in paper voucher out..There was nothing like the sound of alarms and Sirens going off when someone won $50 in penny's, Nickles, Quarters or whatever, the sounds made Vegas, now it is little more than a Dumb Game to throw money away.Like me putting $40 dollars into my X-Box and 20 mins later money is gone and fun was done.Not a big fan of Vegas as gambling will check out the sights next time.If you are hooked on gambling it won't matter to you, for me it WAS entertainment.The Housekeeping staff here is the friendliest and most professional and consistently so,The room was nice but the Computer Controlled items through the TV was torturous and clunky, too many buttons to push to do what needed to be done, I guess if  I were living there for a month or 2 I would get used to is but....Front Desk staff has the warmth and personality of robotic Clones....No Warm Smile, they look like they despise their jobs although there was one young lady (Heavy set) at the head of the check in line who stood out, She smiled personally directed you to the front desk attendants, pleasant and tried to make pleasantries as you waited. The young lady with the accent not so much.The view was nice from our Room.
3	I don't gamble much anymore, but when friends come into town for conventions and such, I usually meet them at their hotel on the Strip. This time, they stayed at the Aria for 4 days, so I got to see a lot of the hotel and experience different things. The casino itself was very nice indeed, This was late Wed - early Thursday, and the casino was probably at 15% capacity, so we could easily jump from game to game, table to table, and the table limits were low ($10 blackjack, roulette, and craps). The machines still cost much more to play (25 cent slots) than locals' casinos cost (nickel and penny slots). But the dealers and waitresses did their jobs great, and the overall atmosphere was very relaxed.We went to a few different restaurants, and the food was good, but way too expensive for me to eat there more than once a year (breakfast was $25/head , lunch $40/head, and dinner was $100+/head). But that's how all the Strip casinos are, so I can't fault them for that.My friends were in suites, so they had room for me to crash. The rooms were nice, mainly for the fact that they weren't overly glitzy. Just a regular kitchenette, dining room, living room, bedroom, and bath. There was one thing that was strange, in comparison to other hotel rooms. We could hear the people talking in the room next to ours, even though they weren't talking very loud. We could hear almost every word. and they could hear us, for sure. There were 5 or 6 of us just hanging out talking. It wasn't even midnight, and we got security called on us twice telling us to keep it down. The walls much be paper thin.Overall, a good time.
5	Came here for three days, and was so sad to leave at the end. Fresh design ideas, smooth layout, amazing pool area, easy access to strip, abnormal room conditions and great food! And also I do like the fact there're not as many people as in Bellagio, which gives a feeling of a private resort with lots of tables and machines to play! I want to give a special thank you to cocktail waitresses for being available every time I needed a drink! I had a great vacation, which will happen at the same spot very soon again!
1	My stay is a week away, and I'm officially worried.  The hotel just charged my AmEx the total cost of the 2 rooms I reserved - over $3,000.  This, despite having paid a deposit a month ago to secure my reservation.  When I called to inquire and ask for a refund, I  was bounced around for 30 minutes before speaking with the hotel's head cashier, Floreta.  She was extremely sarcastic and patronizing.  She finally agreed to credit the charge, but implied the reason I wanted it reversed was because I "must not have sufficient credit."  Wow!  Really?  If I had time to research another hotel, I'd cancel and book elsewhere. I hope Floreta is just one bad seed and not a sign of the service my family receives when we arrive.
4	This was first visit to Las Vegas in five years.  Just during up in cab to the location was pretty impressive.  The lobby was pretty amazing.  Incredible architecture.  The curtains in my room opened to a fantastic view of the property.  I loved my room.  It was nice have to finally have an excellent room after being stuck in business hotels for what has seemed like months.  The question is not if I will be back, but when...
1	What's the point of reserving a non smoking room when you only have smoking rooms available?  I can't breathe!!!!!  This is disgusting!!!!!
4	Have stayed here twice, the hotel it self is super nice, good pool. Wife always finds machines to lose money at but that isn't their fault.
4	Dayummmmmm! Very Nice Hotel.  Even the cheap rooms are fancy.   Very Techy too.  The new smoke filters in the casino makes it very hard to smell smoke.  So Non-Smokers can breathe easy while pulling the one arm bandits.
4	I've stayed at a number of Las Vegas Hotels, and have never had a bed that was as comfy as the one at the Aria. It was glorious. We stayed here January 2013, and got a great deal on Priceline for $90/night weekend.  Here's what I thought:- The rooms were really nice with lots of techy touches. Oh - and don't forget that unbelievably comfy bed.  - Service is great, from allowing us to check in a little early to calling us by name when we phoned the concierge to easily storing our luggage when we were checking out. - The location is ideal for exploring the rest of the strip.- The architecture is amazing.- The hotel is not so big that you spend 30 minutes just finding your room each time you want to go back.- Restaurants, shops, and cafes are expensive. Plan to spend a premium on these things at the hotel, or walk elsewhere.- Casino is not very big, and no one ever offered us a drink while we were playing on casino machines (did not play tables here).Overall, good experience here!
4	So, I've been MLifing it for a while now.  Having previously stayed at the MGM Grand, The Luxor, The Mirage and - now - the Aria.  It's kind of cool, all these hotels are at different price levels, different parts of the strip, etc.  My clear favorite is still the Mirage.  Aria is a beautiful hotel.  Rooms are modern and clean.  The staff were courteous and welcoming.  Concierge was extremely helpful.  Overall, what holds this hotel back is that it's a little tucked back from the strip.  The shortest way to come direct off strip walk was through Crystals and our friends had a difficult time driving in to pick us up when we did drive.  It got a little tiresome to do this.  Also, a little hike to the monorail.   Additionally, I find the Aria's coolness a little cold.  The promenade feels too large, with nothing filling it except marble, some fountains, etc.  A lot of expanse with not much going on.  The Buffet was a definite highlight.  A very good buffet here with crab legs, mussels, shrimp, ceviche, Asian / Indian / Mediterranean flair if you so choose.  Lots of different foods.  Here's where the Mirage wins, sheer size.  I'm not sure if the Mirage rooms are larger, but the basic suite felt much larger.  It felt at least a couple hundred feet larger.  The towels at the Aria are also pretty poor quality.  I'm not one to really harp on towels, but these were so rough, I wish I had brought my own.  In future visits, I'll go the Mirage before the Aria, hands down.  But compared to other hotels in Vegas, it is a decent choice.  Most people won't be let down here.  I just had higher expectations than the Mirage --- which did not come to fruition.
5	Love love love!The suite is fantastic!
5	As always, a fine establishment to stay and play at. Is it overkill to have all the lights, electronics, and curtains controlled by a touch pad? Hell no if I'm paying $160 a night. After 3 previous stays this was our first time using the pools. If you want to secure a seat, make sure you get there early because it fills up fast. Only flaw was that the pools were very shallow. The Aria, Wynn, Mandalay Bay, and Rio are our go to places to stay when in Vegas but unfortunately we can't always stay at The Aria due to budget constraints. The only knock on this place is their crappy buffet. We had a $100 food voucher and decided to go there for dinner. Had we actually had to pay for that buffet, I would have been a one ticked off Asian. The establishment resembled a IKEA with the decor and there were barely any options if you compared this place like The M Resort, Ceasars Palace, Cosmopolitan, and Bellagio. Fail there but this resort still gets 5 stars.
3	We decided to walk through several Vegas hotels during this trip.  This hotel is VERY modern.  Lots and lots of gold, but I really didn't feel like it was all that AWE INSPIRING.  Well, it IS, but it's not VEGAS.  It's a very very nice hotel with an upscale feel.  It's very calm.  Why go to Vegas if you want quiet and calm?Eh...just ok.
4	The Buffet is fantastic!
3	I stayed there for a business trip last weekend (arrived Friday October 18 - Sunday October 21, 2013). The hotel is beautiful, very large, and pleasant. The staff could not have been nicer. Check in was easy, and the information given was easily understood and relevant to my stay. Trip to the room required a walk through the casino.  This is the norm for Vegas, but I hate walking through the smoke to get to the elevators. The hotel has one central bank of elevators, and the floors are huge. Took a few minutes to walk to my room from the elevator once I reached my floor.The room was a good size.  When I started to unpack, the drawer in the bathroom has used q-tips, hair band and wooden pencil in it.  This was unpleasant. I called housekeeping, told them, went to the gym, and they had cleaned it up by the time I returned.The gym is very nice.  Lots of machines, water, fruit, headphones etc..  It overlooks the pool area and each machine has a television attached.When I went back to my room to go to bed, pulling the covers, I had hair in my bed.  Many pieces, dark and long, and the sheet was tattered. I again called housekeeping, and they came up in a about 10 minutes and changed the linens. They were very nice and quick, even doing turn down service.Food at the restaurants was very good as was the catered food at my meeting.  Meeting room was very large, spacious, and the sound system worked well.Check out was easy, did this via the TV in my room.  Given the 2 problems with my room, I would have liked a manager to call, leave a message or note apologizing for my room, or an offer to change rooms, get a drink, something. No one contacted me, making me think the cleanliness of there rooms is a common problem.This is worth staying at, just check your room carefully, and do not expect any interaction with management if you have a problem
5	Was there when Larry King was doing a taping with the cast of Last Vegas.
5	I wasn't lucky enough to stay at the Aria on my recent trip to vegas, but I spent the entire week attending a conference in their convention center. It's a beautiful facility and the staff was top notch. They made sure there was always water available to the attendees, coffee, tea and treats during the breaks and all the lunches were provided by the aria. The food served was really delicious, much better than I expected to find at a large conference! I hope to attend another conference at the Aria, next time I'll have to stay there as well!
4	I love staying at Aria. We stayed here twice and both times we stayed in the corner suites. The suites are very nice. It has a separate living room, a bedroom, and a spacious bathroom with a Jacuzzi tub.FYI, if you're staying in the corner suite..you might want to CLOSE YOUR CURTAINS at night! The very first time we stayed here, I thought that the exterior were reflective mirrors and no one could see me when I took a bath or shower. WRONG! We stayed at Cosmopolitan last night and were standing on the terrace looking across from Aria. We saw people walking around their suites naked not knowing that onlookers can see them from Cosmo. So yeah, close your curtains or turn off the lights at night unless you want to give people a free peep show. Never leaving the curtains open again when I stay here. I don't want to give any perves a free show. Lol.Anywho, Aria has kept up with technology. It has a cool tablet where you can control your room with just a touch of a button. You can control your tv, lighting, temperature, curtains, wake up alarm, and ask for service. Pretty awesome if you ask me.
4	The hotel was amazing, as we entered the room the music turned on and the blinds were opening for us. Def a cool way to enter a room.  The hotel has a tom of eateries and the crystal shops next to it were great. The one thing I didn't like was the addition of the resort fee which didn't even cover using a printer at the business center. I ended up having to run some errands and finding out it was a dollar a minute so I def had to work fast. Besides that hiccup the staff was nice, ambience was great and the zarkana show was filled with oohs and aahs. Def recommend this place.
4	When the hubs and I make our annual swag trip to Vegas every year we typically stay  at the Palazzo or The Wynn mainly because we want a "kid free" type of place to reconnect and chill.    We decided to try something new recently and stayed at The Aria.  First impression?  Beautiful lobby, modern, airy but MAN the check in took forever!    It's really frustrating when not all of the check-in kiosks are opened and there are lines of people waiting just like you but on a happy note they did let us check in a little early without a hassle so redeemed!!  Rooms are really cool, very modern feel as well.  Everything is very high tech whereas you can control almost everything from an electronic control panel.    Great view of the strip and the Cosmopolitan.  The walk to every place on the strip was really no big deal even in 4" heels!  A lot of fun places to dine, nice bar selections and restaurants as well.   Pools were crowded by 10am so get there early!  By our third day we found "the pool" where there weren't many kiddos so that was great too!  Will we return to The Aria? Perhaps in the future we will but next year it's back to Palazzo!!!
1	This review is for the BAR ONLY!My husband and I had a bad experience at the lounge. When we get in the bar, the waitress saw us but didn't even bother to talk to us. She TOTALLY IGNORE us. We finally found a seat in the sofa, seat there and wait. About 20 mintues later another waitress actually acknowledge we were there and say the other waitress will assist us.  BUT NO when we look over,  the waitress that was suppose to serve us was at the other corner of the bar chatting away with her co-worker and didn't even come to ask what we like to drink. At that point, I was FED up and told my husband to leave and go somewhere else. THIS IS BY FAR THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. IT WAS MY FIRST TIME IN VEGAS AND I HATE IT SO MUCH. I won't ever come back TO ARIA AGAIN. SERIOUSLY!! I can tell the waitress didn't want to serve us because we were asian. That is such a dicriminate again asian.
5	I've been in Aria during my many trips to Las Vegas. Last month I finally decided to stay at Aria. Even though slightly set back, Aria is still a great central location on the strip. I should mention I love to walk, so a ten minute walk to another hotel on the strip is no biggie. Lazy folks may find this a little too set back, perhaps.Very modern, clean, updated, and a "calmer" hotel compared to many on the strip. This was the perfect stay for my business trip. Aria still has all the great things to encompass Vegas: great pools, nice non-smokey casino, top-notch restaurants (my faves are Julian Serrano tapas & the buffet for brunch- both are a MUST!!), and clean comfortable rooms.The rooms are high-tec and nice all around. They aren't a spectacular Vegas room (nothing entirely out of the ordinary or above and beyond) but just generically nice. I do feel that Aria is more attractive to the Las Vegas business visitors than the large party crowds. My only complaint is the walls seemed thin, and I was woken up all night long by rowdy drunks in the hall (ok ok it's not ALL business travelers), and Marquee in Cosmo was bumpin late into the night across from my room.All in all, negatives were more than minor, and I got an extremely good rate for such a high class hotel on Expedia.I would definitely stay here again.heart you Aria!
4	Stayed there or one night on a Saturday. Standard deluxe king room. Good price for a nice room.  Slippers and standard amenities. Shampoo,  and body wash. Great rain shower. Good pressure. High tech control for curtain, room lights, and TV. Love it. Love the bed. Good sleep. Floor to ceiling window with decent view. Decent price for a newer hotel compare to other high end hotels that offers the same or less. Great restaurants selection, and pastry places that open late. Convenient located near high end shops and some restaurants at Crystal court that open late. Coke and M&M stores are nearby across the street.  Also, I has a cirque de solei show, Zakanas.  Arias also has a great spa. My wife and I had used it on a different visit. Picked this hotel, because of  the contemporary decor, shows entertainment, location, and cheaper than the Wynn and the Mandarin. I checked out the Wynn and the Mandarin before booking the Arias. I selected Arias because of the specific activity that I wanted to do. Bonus was the cost. If you like contemporary, then check out Mandarin and Arias. Wynn costs more, but I would have paid less than Arias bc of the gift card that I have. Personal preference, I like Arias decor better.  I would stay at Mandarin orient if I want a quiet retreat and personal services, and no smoking.  I had gone there for drinks and dinner, and love the service there. Arias is somewhat crowded on the weekends, and signs were not easily post in locations where guests can find directions. I had to stop and asked for directions to the tour lobby. There were no signs at the concierge next to check in areas where I picked up my show tickets. I had no ideas that I can pick up my tickets there. Thank God, there were a hotel staff standing nearby that directed me to that desk.  Overall, it was a nice stay and would stay there again. Parking tips. Park at the crystal court valet if there are long line at Arias valet.
1	Worst experience ever with check-in at a hotel in Vegas. Everything is an extra charge and they hold $130.00 in advance for "room incidentals or damage" and give you an attitude to top it off.
5	This was my first stay at Aria this past weekend and it was amazing. The hotel is convenientyl located between the Vdara hotel and the Crystals shopping center. There are bridges that connect to several other hotels which makes things convenient and safe. Everything at Aria was clean and modern. The service was wonderful. I'm also a Mlife gold member which they did a really good job making me feel like a VIP: complimentary early, late check out and priority seating for buffet and restaurants. I stayed in the deluxe king room which came with a connecting bathtub and shower. the toilet is also separated by an enclosed glass room. There were always plenty of towels and everyone was very nice. I also loved that this hotel didn't have an overwhelming smell of cigarettes and bleach. Maybe because it's still new, but I hope it stays that way. My boyfriend said the gym at Aria was the nicest gym inside a hotel he's ever been to. The machines were all clean and new with brown leather. There was a complete variety of resistance and weight lifting machines, plenty of treadmills, elipticals and free weights.This hotel has a femine touch but I saw a lot more groups of men than groups of women. It was classy, young and hip. I will definitely be back.
4	My husband and I travel to Las Vegas about 4 times a year from Seattle.  Easy flights, lots of choices. We love to stay at the Encore and or The Wynn.  Those hotels are the top of the top for sure. We like to play Pai Gow but the Encore only has ONE Pai Gow table and its frustrating because you cannot always get a seat. We happened upon the Aria casino last time we were in Vegas.  They have an entire Pit of Pai Gow tables. This time we decided to stay at the Aria hotel.   Here are my pros and cons on this particular property. Because Its new, the casino is clean and you cannot smell the smoke at all!   The ventilation system is amazing!  There are LOTS of tables and slot machines to choose from. The Dealers are nice and very fun to play with.There are a lot of different restaurants and cafe's in this hotel.  You can get just about anything. They have a new "players" card system that gives you points on EVERYTHING!  So be sure to give it to the dealers, use it in the slot machines and show it to every restaurant and shop you go too, so that the points will add up. And as the points add up you can even use them for shopping in the high end shops.   As your points add up you will get a different colored card to show that you are basically a High roller, VIP, etc.  You can use those points for the room, food anything. The rooms were nice, a bit smaller than we are used too from Palazzo and Encore but still nice.  And the BED OH MY!  It was so wonderful! We had a great view of the strip and it was fun to just sit and watch the lights at nite while having a late nite cocktail. This hotel is pretty much in the heart of the strip, so you can get to any other hotel, show, restaurant, shopping, etc. easily. There is a tram that will take you back and forth to Bellagio if you want and to the shopping complex. They shopping there is called "Crystals" and it is only high end, Prada, Gucci, etc. The rooms were a reasonable rate and the casino was hopping ALL the time.  Fun!  A few things that were cons... they do not give you enough or the proper linens.  Not enough towels, not a mat for the floor outside the shower.. I thought that was odd. They do not replace the toilet paper, you have to ask for that, or at least we did. They do not have a tea or coffee service in the room so that you can make yourself a cup of tea before you leave the room or while you are getting ready. The room is small, not a lot of room to walk around or even have friends up to the room if you wanted.  Because we are used to staying at the other end of the strip that is quieter, I found this hotel to be really noisy both inside and out. BUT all in all, we had a goof time.   We will be staying here again for sure. Now go have fun!! Next time we will def. upgrade to a suite.
4	The main reason I knocked off one star was the everything remote. You can see the icons on the touch screen but can't read the words. I loved the electric curtains, hated trying to figure out the lights. The shower was low flow, but the tub was large and very hot water. No in room safe, but enough towels that I didn't need room service and staff checked for room keys at the elevators. The bed was way too soft for me but still woke up without a back ache. Drinks in mini bar were not cold. Never let a girl know there is one in the room. In room WiFi was good and included with the resort fee. I could not hear neighbors or traffic. City view was beautiful. Excellent location on the strip. Friendly staff on check-in and out. I was able to buy down my rate with M-Life.
5	This review is just for the spa as I did not stay at this hotel but Vdara.The spa is very well laid out with all the amenities you could possibly want. There is dry and wet heat rooms, 3 hot tubs and 1 cold tub and an outdoor infinity pool just for the spa patrons. The facility was immaculate, very well kept. The spa attendant was very friendly and gave us great customer service. There are drinks throughout the facility in case you become thirsty after sweating your life out in one of the heat rooms. I especially like the stone floor room; I was so relaxed that I passed out that my friend had to wake me up because I was snoring. If you want to chill for an afternoon before going out or relax before you head on your flight back home this would be the go to place to relax and feel refreshed.
3	The Aria has hands down the worst checkin line in Vegas.  I've never seen anything like it.  For a 4,000 room hotel, they need more people manning the checkin counter.  It's the first thing you experience when visiting and it leaves a lasting impression if you have to wait 30+ minutes to check in.   Other than the checkin line, the rooms are nice and the proximity to the new mall is very convenient for high end shopping and general people watching.  The restaurant selection within the hotel is great too.  Sage is one of my top 10 restaurant experiences ever.Fix the checkin line MGM!!!
4	Stayed for the second time this past week Monday-Friday. The rooms cool down very well and the noise level is minimal even on the 15th floor (I didn't hear the night clubs, next door neighbors). Thursday the room was not serviced by housekeeping. Left the room at 11:30am and was met by housekeeping and the floor manager outside our room while they were servicing the room across from mine. They said HELLO, and were always very friendly when in contact in the hallway. The "service room" light was "on" but the room was never cleaned. WHen I called they brought up clean towels and apologized. Front desk gentleman wasn't as friendly as I would have expected. I asked for the room I had last time since since I liked it so much and the reply was "can't do it". Could have been a little more polite.Housekeeping was knocking at the door one hour before check-out even tho the "do not disturb" light was on. I answered the door in my shorts and was met with "oh, you're still here?" I said "Yes, I have not checked out yet since it's in 1 hour" and she walked off.Also went to the spa, but wasn't worth the $30.Beds are very comfortable and enjoyed my stay.
5	I absolutely loved the Aria for several different reasons.It's quite the new commodity and it's very clean, trendy, and feels fresh. I thoroughly enjoyed my weekend stay here with my boyfriend celebrating our 3.5 year anniversary. A friend gave me a discount code/promotion so we saved about 200-300 dollars. With the promotion, I received a free upgrade to the city panorama room which was gorgeous. We also had $50 credit to spend each night we were there (so a total of $100).They also have a really great Tapas place called Julian Serranos which is located to the left of the check-in/concierge stand. SO GOOD. YOU HAVE TO EAT HERE WHEN YOU BOOK A STAY AT THE ARIA.I absolutely had a blast and the rooms were gorgeous. We also got upgraded to the 52nd floor (out of 54) so our view was beyond spectacular. They have free wifi, the pools were so nice and relaxing, and my boyfriend said he probably had the best haircut of his entire life (he better have cause that sh*t was $75)!I HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY recommend this place to couples wanting to get away! :)
5	Had a great time here. We stayed in a corner suite that had a great view of the mountains during the day. Room service was excellent, quick check in and out. I would definitely stay here again.
5	My husband and I recently returned from our wedding weekend at the Aria, which included two nights in a one bedroom Sky Suite.We frequently visit Vegas and this was our first time staying at Aria. The Sky Suites have set the bar high. I can't imagine staying anywhere else on future trips.Since it was our wedding weekend, our coordinator, Marissa took care of most of the details. She arrange a limo to meet us at the airport and take us directly to the courthouse for our license. This was a breeze. I really like at the Sky Suites have a dedicated entrance to the hotel and everything was so easy.Our room was modern and gorgeous. It had a ton of tech features that kept my husband happy. in particular, he liked the lighting and the toilet. He wants to install one of the Japanese- washing toilets in our house. I'm not so sure... I loved the bed. It was one of the best two-nights of sleep that I have ever had in my life. It was like sleeping on a cloud. I also loved the bathtub and took a bath each day. The shower had awesome water pressure. We had an amazing view out towards Red Rock. They had no clue when they gave us this view, but we had our first kiss atop the Voodoo Lounge at the Rio, so it was very cool for us to have this view on our wedding weekend!I really enjoyed the VIP lounge. We stopped by for coffee every morning and didn't even miss our usual Starbucks Latte. The chocolate covered strawberries in the evening were divine. The staff was very helpful and personable. It was nice to always have bottled water available. We had a few hiccups with the concierge when trying to make reservations via the phone. At one point, we wanted to eat at Javiers and they made reservations for us. We showed up to find that the restaurant was closed. It was just odd. No big deal though.We got a couples massage in the spa. Although compared to other massages that I've experiences, it was steep in price, the experience was still good. The facilities are very nice. We really enjoyed the coed areas, especially the outdoor spa. I wish it had been warmer when we attempted to use the pool. It was too cold to really enjoy it, but I loved the lay-out and hope to be able to use it on a future visit. It has a good vibe.Our wedding experience at the Aria was wonderful. In particular, Marissa was a huge help. She was attentive and quick to answer our questions. We got married on a Saturday evening in the Fireside lounge. The location was beautiful. We added a pianist, which made the quick ceremony extra special. The minister was fantastic. His wedding sermon felt personal and had just really nice sentiments. We had two photographers that were top-notch. They took us all over the Aria and got some very cool/ not so traditional photographs. We were all around pleased with our wedding and I would not hesitate recommending the Aria to other couples. They made our Vegas elopement a special experience.
2	Super nice room in terms of looks.  Bed is not nearly as comfortable as the Wynn's.  Overly complex panels every place you turn that make it hard to customize the experience you want for lighting and entertainment.  ("I just want to watch TV in the dark with my shades drawn!")  So frustrating.  Also annoying was the $50 charge to use the refrigerator or if you bump the in-room snacks.  So, $50 + the cost of the snack to consume, $50 to use the fridge or to bump something.  Thankfully, free and easy-to-use wi-fi in the rooms.Decent for attending a convention at convention rates ($190/nt.)Meh food.Smelled relatively clean any place aside from the common floors where people walk around smoking.
3	We arrived on a Saturday & they allowed us to check-in early. The receptionist acknowledged we were on our honeymoon, so she upgraded our room to a city view for free! She asked if we would like smoking or non-smoking room, and we adamently requested non-smoking.When we arrived to our room on a non-smoking floor, our room REEKED of smoke. We called the front desk - they said they'd send an "air purifier" up to the room - but we'd have to leave for 2-3 hours. Fine with us, because we were on our way to the pool to spend $18 A PIECE on margaritas.When we returned over 3 hours later, we were locked out of our room (even the maid couldn't get in) and we could still hear the purifier running. When we finally tracked someone down to open the room, we were blasted with the scent of stale smoke... yes, it was actually worse when we walked back in.Upon calling the front desk, the man we talked to couldn't have cared less that we were having trouble with our room. He ended up switching our room to another - after we had already unpacked all of our clothes. He assured us our key cards would work.When we got to our new room (carrying all of our hanging clothes, 2 suitcases, etc.)... the key cards didn't work. We stood in the hallway for 15 minutes waiting for another employee to open the door.All this, and we got absolutely nothing to compensate for our time/hassle switching rooms.The hotel was nice, but the first day left a bad taste in our mouths. We won't return.
4	Stayed at the hotel here and had a very good experience. The room had a lovely view (19th floor) and we loved the wide open, floor-to-ceiling-wall-to-wall window accented by wrapping around one of the corners. The decor is tasteful, elegant and modern - as is the lighting. The pillow top beds are heavenly soft and comfy, and whoever thought of putting a large tub within the shower deserves an award. The hyper-modern light-blinds-appliance switches are another story and seem to prioritize flashiness over function. A late check-out of just noon was a bit of let-down and having to traverse the entire Casino on the way from the hotel to the self-parking area is inconvenient to say the least (some of us prefer not to use a valet because we take several car trips a day). There was also a candy wrapper left in one of the drawers of the nightstands that housekeeping missed from the guests before us. From our perspective as a couple who just like to relax when we're in town, we would recommend the Vdara across the way more (although a 4 diamond hotel, not 5 diamond technically).
3	Pros:Nicest hotel bathroom ive ever had the pleasure of using.  The tub, floor to ceiling windows, toilet, vanity, etc. WOWBed extremely comfortableService very goodCentrally locatedCons:No real "luxury" luxury is often times a feeling and it just wasn't here at allYou have to bring cables to play music/plug in devices? Huh??? (no docking station)The electronic curtain and light thing is the biggest bunch of poorly functioning bullsh*t youve ever seen!!! HorribleNo wifiInterior kinda feels like a mall, its cold and is pretty, but doesn't have a wow factorNice, but i wouldnt go back.
2	Didn't seem particularly high end compared to others on the strip. Looked more like a conference center in the midwest than a hyped new Vegas hotel. They were going for a 'minimalist' theme, but it just came across as cheap. Cheesy cream-colored vinyl wallcoverings in the elevator lobbies was all peeling off. At check-in, all they did was talk about how the room 'welcomes' you - playing music and opening the curtains and everything. We had two separate rooms during our stay and neither did this...I really didn't care, but this seems to be their biggest selling point...it being a "smart room" complete with an ipaddy thing to control all of the lights, curtains, tv etc. But the system was tempermental and they probably would have been better served  putting that money into something else - like the finishes.Also touted as "cool and innovative" at check-in was the "Indiana Jones-style" minibar, whereby if you lift something off the pressure-sensitive pad, you have something like 30 seconds to put it back or you will be charged for it, regardless of whether you actually consume it or not. Bad for people who want to check out what they might be paying for. And sort of obnoxious, imho.Other miscellaneous things: There was vomit in the corner of the elevator the first night. For several hours nobody cleaned it up. Concierge closes at 8pm on a Sat night? Staff only recommended the hotel's Thai place to eat (Lemongrass). They must be instructed to do so be because nobody is going there otherwise. Crappy chain-restaurant food. Sweet and sour chicken with neon red corn syrup? How is that even Thai? Also, pretty sub-par toiletries in tiny disposable containers when they are touting how 'green' they are in all of their literature? Why not (as many other luxury hotels have done) have truly great toiletries in regular sized containers that can't be stolen? I got way better toiletries at a Courtyard Marriott in Hagerstown, MD. Pool area was nice, but didn't order food or drinks.  And very nice gym. Otherwise, ridiculously underwhelmed.Totally agree with the other reviewer here who said the "luxury factor" was just missing. DEFINITELY. Not worth the price at all. Stay somewhere else, walk through Aria and be happy you aren't staying there.
5	I'm a little bias because I got to stay in one of the awesome suites in Aria which meant awesome service/treatment and no lines.  The suite had two bedrooms each with its own humongous bathroom (and his and her sinks), living room, bar, powder room, and breakfast table.  Did I mention that the view is spectacular? The cleaning lady did a great job with our rooms.  I must say we were pretty messy and careless but after she paid our room a visit, it was spotless.  They provided extra amenities such as shampoo, lotion, slippers, soap without us even having to ask.  She even went out of her way to gather all the jewelry in one area and placed them on a kleenex so it wouldn't get scratched.  What amazed me was that she rolled up my iPhone charger cord as well.  Subtle things like that make a huge difference.  Do you ever dread going to the restroom in the middle of a cold night? Have no fear! The heated toilet seat/bidet is here! On top of that, there is also a steamed shower so it's all nice and toasty when you walk in.  Heaven.   No need for long lines when you check in/out.  Those who reserve suites have their own counter.  Jean Philippe is also here (the other is in the Bellagio), which has awesome sandwiches, pastries, chocolates, desserts.  Heaven. Also, since Aria is one of the newer hotels, it doesn't smell like smoke as much as the others.  In fact, it smells like vanilla.  Heaven.Since I was there for a couple's vow renewal, I got to check out the wedding chapel, the bride's room, Gold Lounge, and Haze.  I must say it was pretty damn amazing.  Haze was OK though.  I was expecting something more spectacular since I was in Vegas but was disappointed.  I was there for about 15 minutes and decided to leave since I got bored (it reminded me of the dance floor at Red Door in Houston).  Nonetheless, I still give this hotel 5 stars because it was just that damn amazing.  Heaven :D
5	We really enjoyed our stay at the Aria everyone was so courteous and friendly. Oh and the strawberry mojitos are amazing! :)
5	One of my favorite places to stay on the strip, but everything from the rates to the food are on the highend.
4	My husband and I stayed here for 3 days for our mini getaway vacation; front desk people were very friendly and efficient. We got a king size bed room with a large window that we can easily view the city; bed was very comfy as well. They do provide everything you'll need, from soap to body and hair wash (although I always just bring my own). I also like how I can use the control by the bathroom to open and close the window sheet, as well as the lights in the room; that makes it very convenience. When we got the room the first day, we didn't bother to touch the fridge because we weren't planning on using it; the second day, we wanted to store some drinks in the fridge, and when we opened it, there was an opened box of mango and two empty spots. My husband immediately called the front desk, they said they'd charged us $50ish for two empty spots, we were shocked and told them what happened and we did not take anything from the fridge. They then removed the charges and also sent someone to refill everything to make sure the system won't accidentally detect and charge us again.Overall, we were very pleased with the stay and will consider staying here again when we visit next time.
4	The rooms are beautiful, the room service is on par, the pools are heated, there are two hot tubs (not huge, but they're good enough) and my room came with a shower AND a bath tub. Can't get much better than that. Oh, and you get basic cable to waste away in your room if you'd like.Minus one star for: too soft of a bed (my back hurt) and the curtains doing just an okay job of keeping the room dark when the sun came out. Would have been great to have a black out effect. Still, I would recommend this hotel for sure.
4	We got married at the Chapel in Aria just this past weekend. I had to write a review because it was a wonderful experience and I find reviews helpful. The chapel is beautiful, very modern and vibrant. The groom/bridal rooms are very elegant. The staff was amazing especially Marissa who was very at tentative and friendly. She responded to everything right away, she was very honest about what was covered, and delivered just that! We dinned at Julian Serrano's, although they don't have a private room they did put two large tables together in the back of the restaurant to accommodate all 30 of us just fine. The food is EXCELLENT. The Tapas style dinner for large parties was a perfect amount of food. This wedding over all was affordable with out lacking the luxury and elegance. Totally stress-free and worth it. All our friends are still ranting and raving about it.
2	Looks great from the outside but everything inside was extremely lacking from the room down to the service.  Stayed here over the weekend for two nights.  On the first night, we noticed the remote control wasn't working and called down for a replacement.  Never received a replacement.  Then we called the next morning.  After 45 minutes of no service, we called again.  Finally someone came to look at the batteries and said that the batteries were from years ago.  Made sense because the hotel barely seemed crowded the whole weekend so perhaps not that many people stay here.  That said, they could have easily upgraded the three parties that were staying here but nope, we were all spread out among lower levels with very boring views.The room was decent.  The bed comfy and pillows soft.  The comforter wasn't especially fluffy or comfortable.  The towels were downright scratchy and hard and uncomfortable.  I was really shocked about that.  The shower and bathtubs are nice but they could have put a little more effort into making the rest of the hotel room nicer too.Checking in was sort of a pain because the guy helping us took forever and mumbled everything.  We never really were greeted warmly or made to feel like the hotel/casino valued our patronage.  We've stayed at fun, swanky places like the Cosmo and the more affordable Bally & Caesar's Palace and the whole time we were at Aria, I wished we were at one of the other places.
5	I'm not sure what other people's reviews are about. We had a corner suite with a mountain view. the building is beautiful, very modern with warm orange and brown tones throughout. From check in to check out, our service was beyond expectations. Our room had a living room, soaking tub with jets, stand up shower, the main bathroom had a separate toilet area that had a heated toilet seat and bidet. Everything is controlled through a touch screen, including the curtains. Room service was fast, and they set you up like you're at a restaurant, and you can call to have your table picked up when you're done. Food was delicious!  Also the buffet had alot of different foods and they were all great.We called for more towels and they were up within 15 mins.  Concierge made reservations for us, printed out our itinerary  and got us tix for a show. They were beyond great! Especially Stephanie. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, everything about this place was top notch. The staff was beyond helpful. I will definitely come back again.
4	My favorite place to stay in Vegas. It's less frenetic that other hotels, somehow, it has a distinctive smell that I love, and they do a great job with the air filtration--it never seems smokey. The rooms are beautiful. They have consistently great service. They've stopped doing turndown service, but you can still request it and get those tasty chocolates. Convenient location and plenty of really good dining options, and you're next door to the Cosmopolitan, which has even more. The pools are not exciting, but are fine. If you're looking for nightlife, head somewhere else--Haze is pretty boring.
3	Huge line at the reception desk, hidden fees, room wasn't clean well at all, and room service took 15 minutes longer than they estimated.  For this type of money, there are tons of better places in Vegas.The pool area is gorgeous though and the Sage restaurant had some of the best cocktails I've had as well as the most unique way to drink absinthe I have ever seen.
2	The Aria is pretty on the outside.Stay outside.The whole hotel is convoluted and confusing due to the strange half-circle shape of the building. This includes the restaurants, shops, and hotel hallways and rooms.The (thankfully free) Self-Park is clear across the entire Casino from the Lobby- you have to push yourself through hordes of trussed-up gamblers, through the Casino, lugging your bags the whole way, just to check in.The real fun for us started before we even checked in. If you stay at this place, COME WITH A CREDIT CARD. Otherwise they will put a $475 (for a three-day stay) HOLD on your debit card, for 'incidentals' (i.e, the absurdly-priced mini-bar. Seriously, $3.50 for a Snickers bar? GTFO). And this charge stays active on your card for THREE DAYS after you leave the hotel! Totally ridiculous. I have NEVER experienced something so stupid at ANY hotel before, not even at ritzier places in Vegas!I'm actually shocked at the number of people that say this place is 'less crazy' than other Vegas hotels. And even more shocked when they say its location is 'convenient.' If you want to tour overpriced shops, sure, it's convenient. If you want to actually SEE Vegas? Maybe get to a show or something? Make sure to include AT LEAST half an hour for travel time in all of your plans, if you don't intend to cab everywhere and you don't plan on using the valet. Getting out onto the Strip requires way too much work- the tram takes you to the Bellagio, which you then have to wind through to get outside.The Aria prides itself on the room 'welcoming' you when you enter your room. This, for us, was a bit lackluster, considering the curtains opened out onto... a rooftop and half-obscured signage. If you are a masochist and decide you must stay here, try to get a room above the 10th floor. Then maybe you'll actually have a view.The room comes with a touch tablet that controls all the tweakable aspects: television, music, lights (in the bathroom and bed area), curtains, and services. Trying to watch television using either the remote or the tablet was a nightmare, but why bother when you're in Vegas? The music channel options seemed a tad limited, and the options given on the tablet did not match the channels on the television. Their 'relaxation' station was already playing only Christmas music (the absolute opposite of relaxing, imo), the '60s station was a '90s station, etc. The tablet had four raised buttons on the bottom, with no labels. Of course. One controlled the brightness of the tablet screen, and the other three...? Also, if you happen to have long nails, good luck getting the tablet to do ANYTHING you want it to.I will admit that the bed was very comfortable, and the (very large) tub was located inside the shower stall- an actual nice use of limited space (for once). But this just wasn't worth the incredible headache that comprised the rest of the hotel.
5	This review is long over due. We love it here! Nice spacious, clean, new rooms. Great service! Good gaming! Poker room has great action! Nice restaurants! centrally located! Only problem, long check in/out lines. But I guess it's because they have so many happy guests returning over and over! Always an enjoyable stay!
3	Is it just me or do you feel like your in the movie "Addams Family" I swear they meant to have the dealers blend into the back ground could be packed in the place and can't ever see the damn dealers. Change the poop brown uniforms.
4	Aria is one of the new, modern hotels in Vegas. We booked 2 connecting double queen rooms few weeks ago to share with the cousins. The rooms here are relatively smaller than double queen in Palazzo and more expensive. But the rooms we had were nice, modern and new. They put a lot of towels for us which I really like. Their shampoo, conditioner and lotion were not those cheap ones, and the containers were very cute looking. :-) Also, the rooms were kinda "high-tech". We just needed to press buttons for lights, blinders, drapes/curtains. Very cool. By the way, I love the hotel lobby. It was decorated with beautiful fresh flowers. Every counter has a fancy, beautiful vase of fresh flowers. The receptionists were very nice and helpful. The casino is smaller than other hotels but it's fine with me. Their shopping is very spacious. Sometimes I feel like they have too much open space.. such a waste.All and all.. I really like Aria. Oh, and by the way, it's right in city center. Perfect!
5	The best place on earth or the closet to that.
1	Nice hotel to stay if you don't plan to take a bath.  Take a look at the pix that I posted before you make a reservation. Nasty black greenish water you get for bath.  All I wanted was appology with new room to at least take a bath but they don't even bother to respond after maintainance person came by to check how bad the water is. Do not stay if you take a bath and please take a look at the pix that I posted before you make a reservation to avoid inconvenience
3	City Center, Las Vegas and you find the Aria Hotel and Casino. Wikipedia describes the structure better than I can,  "The completed structure comprises two curvilinear glass towers, measuring 61 stories tall." and a walk to your room from the elevator to match.The rooms are nice with tasteful furnishings and posh looking bathrooms. The motorized sheer curtain and blackout curtain open to reveal windows floor to ceiling with a fantastic view of the strip. The amenities are about what you would expect, the standard shower gel, shampoo, conditioner and lotion. A nicety is they added a small kit with q-tips, cotton pads and even a sewing kit. The room was clean and everything was functional.The bad was the bed, as it is shaped like a "w" with sags on either side where people have slept over the years. There were also holes in the linens, perhaps I am nit-picking but for a hotel of this caliber [AAA Five Diamond] to have holes in linens is unforgivable. Finally the casino in general doesn't seem to circulate the air very well. Cigarette smoke can loom and you typically walk through a small cloud of it as you exit the guest elevators with the "Lift Bar" adjacent.Not counting Aria out completely, but there are a lot of other options at this price point as well.
5	Wonderful hotel! I made my reservation through Vegas.com  to stay from 11-24 to 11-27-13 because they were offering $100 gift cards to Crystals at City Center, but when I checked in the Hotel said that I wasn't on the list. I called Vegas.com and the rep said he would fax over my confirmation (this was at 3pm) at around 9pm I went down to the front desk to see if my name had been added. They still hadn't recieved the confirmation! ( I HATE you Vegas.com!!) Even though Aria had not recieved the confirmation from vegas.com they still gave me the $100 gift card. So gracious and nice!!! Thank you Aria for being super duper sweet! The room was beautiful, clean, and without any broken fixtures or stains! Yay! This hotel is a keeper! Oh yeah it was very beautifully decorated for the Thanksgiving/Christmas season.
1	I stayed here with a group of friends for a Bachelor party and we checked our bags in woth the front desk valet. They dug through all of ours bags and stole items out of our bags. We reported it to aria and went through emails and phone calls but no one ever followed up. My friends had hundreds of dollars of missing items. .. but u will be shocked what was missing from my bag. A USED toothbrush, phone charger, and hair wax... JUST SHOWS U THEY ARE WILLING TO TAKE ANYTHING.
5	One of my favorite hotels on the strip. The rooms are high tech and gorgeous,  the staff was pleasant and the location is FANTASTIC! Only had a short walk to most of the hotspots on the strip.
4	Stunning hotel that is centrally located in the heart of the Vegas strip. Check-In was a breeze and the guy checking me in took the time to make sure I was informed of all that the hotel had to offer. After a stop at the concierge to make dinner reservations, I headed up to my room. Now, let me say that the hallways are lovely...modern, dark, mysterious, but MY GOD, I think there is only one bank of elevators and the walk to your room could potentially be a LONG one (as mine was). You're walking and walking and walking along a curved hallway that at times branches off in one direction or another. It took me a good while to figure out and get to my room. That being said, once I unlocked my door and stepped inside, I was very pleasantly surprised. The curtains (that had been drawn) automatically opened, revealing a floor-to-ceiling window with a pretty decent view of the Cosmopolitan hotel & rooftop, some of the strip to the right and a mountain view to the left.  The bed was comfortable and the room tastefully decorated. The bathroom was nice but I love to take a bubble bath and the bath was enclosed in the shower stall. Very roomy but it felt weird. And no TV in the bathroom either (not a big deal, but something I've come to expect in hotels nowadays). The double sinks are nice (if you are rooming with someone) but as a single, I found that there was not enough counter room for all my stuff. All in all, nice room with a view, friendly & helpful employees, great restaurant choices, free wi-fi and I even won 20 bucks in 5 minutes at the penny slots-- woot! A few days after my return, I was sent an email with a discounted offer to return, which I definitely would love to. Thanks, Aria!
1	if you wanna gamble, this is not the place to go. cards are pre-programmed. the dealer knows what's your card and what hand should be played. also, there are no place to go if you wanna eat after 10 pm. this is place is a rip-off!
5	I recently went to Las Vegas for the 6th time, and had the pleasure of staying at the Aria. In all my Vegas trips, this was the first time that I never left my hotel. I was at the Aria from the moment I got out of the taxi on Thursday, until I got back in the taxi for the airport on Sunday.  Why?? It never even occurred for me to leave, because I was having such a good time (albeit with the benefit of 8 great friends ... the hotel can't take all the credit!).Great restaurants in here. The tapas joint (Serrano), steakhouse (Jean Georges), sushi bar (Bar Masa) ... all fantastic. Even the huevos rancheros which I got from room service was excellent!! The room was impeccably clean, and high tech. From a control panel next to the bed you can adjust lighting, temperature, curtains. The pool is beautiful.  The casino itself is top notch: classy, clean, and, in my opinion, well laid out.  Service was great at all levels.  Oh! and the night club (Haze) was a total blast ... both nights. Cool party and music.
4	This review is for how those of us mere mortals do it.  Which means, no twenty dollar tricks, no upgrades, no casino comps...just flat-out booking it myself, albeit through Priceline.  I do love a deal, and I did indeed get a good one.  Won this 5-star for just $85 per night for two nights.  That was just ten dollars a night more than I paid for a 3-star in Boise the night before. Just sayin'.   LOVES:  Location!  Center strip, convenient  tram to Monte Carlo and Bellagio.  Love being in the shiny new City Center.   Loved the room!  Having booked via a pre-paid site, I didn't expect suite miracles or incredible views.  What we got was a great 5-star quality 4th floor room.  It was clean and comfy and just plain nice-as-heck.  Certainly nicer than where we live, so we're all about appreciating it!  QUIET...never heard neighbors...then again, maybe they were all on the higher floors with posh views and suites.  Who knows? We were quite happy with our mere mortal room.  Rest assured that if you are of the higher mortal category,  they offer different elevator bays for those staying on differing floors.  You will be whisked up quickly to your appropriate level.  We were a-ok with ours.  Here are my reasons for not giving Aria 5-stars...when we checked in we were proudly told about the "free internet"...We were told how easy it was to access it.  What we weren't told was that they charge a $28 a day resort fee.  I am certainly not a resort-fee virgin, but I have never encountered one before that was more than $15 per day.  Usually the purpose of the fee is to cover internet.  Well, for that kind of money, I would expect it to work like a charm and it did not.  That being said, we weren't exactly hanging around the room bemoaning our lack of internet access.  Of course we were out and about...but it's kinda the principle of the thing, ya know? How about just charging $28 more per night up front?    That and I'm not a fan of the casino.  Blackjack...not Bellagio level.  Plus this is the only casino we've EVER been in where a slot machine jammed.  Husband was playing and it totally stuck.  It took forever before we could find help to get it unstuck.  Here we were at 4:00 or so on a Monday afternoon and the guy who helped us indicated that the machine was "full".  That they cleared it out in the middle of the night.  Well, by golly that is one machine you don't want to play if it never gives up anything, huh?   One last minor reason for less than five stars was checking out.  We couldn't get it to work on our tv.  Luckily they weren't too busy at the front desk, but the gal we had checking us out was not very friendly. Left a last not-so-great goodbye.   All-in-all however, we would go back in a heartbeat.  Where else in this country (world) can you stay in a hotel of this caliber for this kind of money?  sigh, love Vegas!
1	This review is only for the casino.  Hubby and I came by to spend some gambling bucks to earn some comps.We stopped at a couple of slot machines to relax and build our points cause who knows?  Maybe we want to stay here someday?I asked hubby why is it so noisy in here?  It sounds like there is a full casino of people, though it was empty.  Weird. My husband said they probably pipe in the crowd noise.Back to the machines.  We each put in our cards and a hundred in each machine.  25 cent machines.   My max bet  was around 9 bucks.  My hubby?  $90 dollar max bet wth? No indication on the machine our fault maybe but WHO makes $90 dollar bets on a quarter machine?  We grabbed our cards and cashed out and went back to our hotel, PH where we could try our luck without being reamed the minute we walk in. Sorry Aria, we wanted to like you but you seem really fake to us even for Vegas
5	Class Act.... Never disappoints.
4	Disclaimer: Didn't stay/ didn't gamble but..... loved this place. I love the decor and fresh flowers and open non smokey spaciousness of it. The staff was very friendly and I will definitely return here to hang out and perhaps spend a  night or two. The location is only perfect and the variety of restaurants and lounges fit every taste. I think this place is well done and I feel hip being there.
3	Pros: got a good deal, great location, pastry shop is awesome, Sage Restaurant is superb. Cons: too busy, heavily used for conventions so massive crowds, room wasn't clean (dust all over desk and night stand), poor room lighting, low water pressure, exterior of windows need to be cleaned, confusing guest floor hallways, A/C was on skits, touch screen by night stand was junk, valet/taxi service inconveniently located.
5	I spent my entire weekend in this casino. I didn't need to go anywhere. Everything I needed was here, and everything was beautiful, delicious and stylish. My favorite part of the room is the "Good Night" button, in which the curtains shut, the TV and lights turn off. No need to explain why that invention is useful. I have to say that these beds are the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in alongside Bellagio. Jean Philippe's chocolates are sold here too! It's not as crowded as Bellagio because I don't think the word is out yet that it's here too. Works for me though because I didn't have to wait in long lines behind browsers. His desserts always amaze me because they are rich, but light at the same time. Perfection.I love the clothing shop here too. It's affordable and trendy at the same time. I went a little overboard on the shopping this time, but it's not often I like a clothing store that much. It really is my style. All of it.This is the place for me when I come to Vegas unless my friend can get us rooms in Bellagio. I am officially spoiled for good. If Aria or Bellagio isn't possible, then no Vegas for me.
4	Just got back from a 3 night stay for my 60th birthday. We loved this resort!  We have stayed at many other properties on the Strip over the years (Mirage, MGM, Bellagio, Mandalay Bay, Bally's) and I have to say this is our new favorite place to stay. We booked a strip view room and we were not disappointed. The room was beautiful, and the high tech conveniences like the touch pad and "good night" buttons by the bed were really cool. The casino had tons of our favorite slots and the staff is friendly.    We spent a fair amount of money gambling, but also won a nice jackpot at MGM so we broke even.  When we went to the MLife Desk we were delighted to find out they comped our entire stay!  Hot tip... if you are on Facebook, use the game app "My Vegas".  We got free passes to the breakfast buffet here as well as a free (and one discounted) ticket to see Ka from the points we earned.We will definitely stay here again :)
5	I love this hotel. Like love it. I received a 20% off all rooms plus free buffet email and just booked it. So happy we did. We checked in around 11:30a. The line was pretty long but it moved fast. There was someone to great us before we went to the counter. Check-in was fast. We walked through the casino to our elevators. I love a hotel that divides elevators based on floors. It makes everything faster. Our room was trendy,beautiful and spacious. Although we faced the Cosmopolitan, I wasn't mad about the view. I am a tech nerd so I loved that everything can be control electronically from the curtains, to the TV and lights. One issue, we couldn't control the temperature from the control panel but that's minor. The bed was comfortable and my favorite part about the room is the fact the bathroom toilet has a door. Oh do not touch the snack bar, I mean you can but at those prices we just went to Walgreens and got water and snacks for cheaper.This hotel connects to Monte Carlo and has a tram to Vdara, Monte Carlo and Belligio so travel was easy. We did not eat at any of the restaurants (besides buffet) nor shop since a 5 star hotel means 5 star prices everywhere but it was nice viewer the Harry Winston jewels.  Walking to several places on the trip was convenient from this hotel. I'm not saying every destination is convenient but a few important ones are. Lastly, since we has a 6am flight back, check out was kinda fast also despite there being one person. I would love to come back to the Aria because the room and service sold it for me. Walking was easy (we walked to the Luxor from Aria). I did not gamble here.
5	Me and my husband stayed at the Aria resort on my birthday for the first time. We loved it. It is absolutely beautiful and clean. It is expensive but you get what you pay for.
3	What is up with the bad service? Check in is so terrible here. The lines are wayyy to long for a 5 diamond resort. I don't know why they are so long, because the check in process is absolutely routine, and there's nothing special about it. I gave up on the long line at check in, and went straight to the buffet. I mean hello, the brunch clock was ticking. After, I regretted that decision, because I was not checked in to charge brunch to my room to use up some credit I had. Sigh. Back at the now shorter line at check in, the front desk agent went through every motion possible and confined to ask me the same questions over and over again  because he did not listen my answer the first time. Like "is this your first visit?" Also- my friends had a room too, they just happened to wait in line with us, and the agent keep looking over at them as if we were going to cram them in our room. He even asked if they were with us (our room was a king size bed) and when my friends gave the room number, he had to comment on how high of a floor they were on as if that was a super big deal. Anyway, it was a "pleasant" experience, I guess. Just annoying.We have YET to experience any sort of "ta-da!" when we enter our for the first time. I have heard about that from other friends, has yet to happen here. This is my second visit at Aria. The wrong name is always on the display in our room. I will come back here for one reason and one reason only. THE BEDS. OMG. Amazing. They should just throw a mattress up in the casino next to a slot machine as a prize to win. I would play that all day in hopes of winning. You win Aria.
4	I went here for a convention, and it was the easiest casino to navigate my way through.  I didn't have to travel far, either, and the smoke wasn't bad either.  Well ventilated when travelling through the casino floor to go elsewhere is always a plus for me.  The convention hall was simple enough to navigate, though I Did get a little turned around when I went to leave.  Easy to find your way in, not your way back. But overall, good experience, and the decor wasn't overwhelmingly gaudy.
4	As a Mlife member, I can sometimes get great deals here. So sign up now! I love the Aria and feel like its the new modern Vegas. Don't get me wrong I still love the Bellagio and Caesar's Palace.Check in: Bellhop got our bags and number right away. Yes the check in was a bit long but someone went and got me a drink so I was set. Security: They are strict about having your key card to go up which I appreciate. Restaurants: I can't name all the restaurants we went to but from breakfast to late night, we thought the food was great.Rooms: The rooms weren't especially large but it was very modern with all the fancy tech stuff. The Aria's beds are probably the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in at a hotel. Hands down I would buy it for myself.Casino: Lots of tables and ranges in minimum bets so you don't feel like you have to spend tons to gamble. The dealers are all great. I don't use the machines so I can't comment on that. Check out: Express Check out in the room. Done and Done.
4	One of the nicest casino in Vegas.  The casino is not the largest but still pretty big.  It is elegant as you would expect from an elite casino.  The rooms are among the coolest on the strip.  You need a Masters to figure out how to use the remote control that fully automates everything in the room.  Many good restaurants are in this casino as well but not necessarily places I would return.  The pool is large and elegant.  A tram/walkway connects you to the Monte Carlo to the Bellagio.  The shops are high end at Crystals attached to the casino with stores that you cannot afford anything in them, but fun to walk around.  Go through the mall and walk into either the Cosmopolitan or Planet Hollywood.  Even though it is nearby all these places, it seems isolated due to the fact that walking distances to all these places are a hike.  My only gripes are that the M LIfe Reward program earns you nothing, I always seem to lose in this casino and the table games are high.  But if you want to go into a First Class joint, then this is the place to come.
4	One of the more nicer hotels on the strip that I've stayed at. Always enjoyed myself when I stayed here. Friendly staff and great service. Depending on your plans, can be a walk to get to the heart of the strip, unless you plan on staying in that area and just go to planet hollywood for more food options or Cosmo for Marquee night club. The rooms are nice and spacious and very modern and updated. The casino minimum is a bit on the higher end, but it is a classier place.
2	I've never stayed at the Aria, so this review is basically for the casino/property.  I like that the property is new and I like that they have the newest games.  I like the patisserie and that my husband found a betting ticket here once that hooked us up with some cash, but other than that, I'm just not a fan.  I've tried to be, but it's dark and it's usually hot, often perfumey and the ceiling is too low - like an old casino.Zarkana plays here and it is not my favorite show.It's connected to Crystals which is kind of fun to see... once, but it's so pricey that its not like I can really shop there.I was not impressed by Five 50, which we visited for our free pizza and beer offer from My Vegas.  Cheap crappy beer does not really entice me to return, so as advertising that offer was a fail.And, the worst thing.  I always lose when I gamble here.  I know, it's gambling.  We usually lose, right?  But, here I have had the very worst luck EVER.  It's plain brutal.  I just don't really want to go here.  Maybe someday I'll try the hotel and that might change my mind, but I'm not holding out a lot of hope.  I'm just not a fan.
3	I stayed at the Aria hotel for two nights and overall it was a good experience. The one good thing about the Aria is that it's in the middle of the strip and it's a great location. The Crystal shops are great and the vibe of the hotel is awesome. I checked in and the clerk gave me a room that was on a very high floor and she said it was a great room. I walked in and the curtains automatically open and the TV turned on. I was impressed. Then I noticed the room had an overwhelming smell of cigarette smoke. It was unbearable. I had to request a different room. Which I was told my keys would just transfer and of course they didn't. I had to go all the way downstairs and wait in line. So the service wasn't that great. But the rooms are decent
4	I stayed at the Aria on 12/21/13 and it was great. I've always enjoyed the Aria casino; i thought it smells nice and it's always very clean. Checking in was a good experience, the staff was friendly and welcoming. When I walked into the room, it was very spacious. I don't know why people told me that it's small; i don't think it is. Sure it's not as big as Palazzo / Venetian, but compared to Mirage, MGM, etc (the lower grade hotels) it is pretty darn spacious. we got a king size bed -- the bed is SUPER comfortable. I think it's one of the most comfortable beds I've slept on. I think it's even more comfortable than Encore's!  I love the bathroom: two sinks, a separate toilet with frosted glass; the tub and shower were in the same section, but separate. The tub is huge -- definitely go enjoy a bubble bath.One thing I didn't like about the room is the fancy touch screen control that controls the tv, lights and curtains. Some of the bottom buttons on the device was not label, so as i was pressing them i was turning off lights in the bathroom while my husband was in there. hahaha. the overall stay was great -- definitely recommend. It may not be in the heart of the strip, but there is a tram that will take you to bellagio and from there you're at the center of the strip. I would say Aria is pretty convenient to get to different hotels.
4	Always a pleasant experience being at Aria. It's been less than 2 years since I stayed here and they did a great job maintaining the place even improving some areas. I come back because of great customer service and astonishing interior and architecture.
4	Stayed for 1 night. The check-in line was very long, waited for 30-40 minutes. The room was awesome, we paid for 2 queens with a street view on the 20th floor. The buffet brunch is around 30$, dinner is 40$, so we ended up going to McDonalds, that is right across the street, where we paid 30$ for 5 meals :). The casino and bar are clean, nice, a bit crowded. The bar server was very nice and the service was fast. :) They have Starbucks on the second floor, and a few coffee places downstairs. To our surprise, when we were checking out, we were charged  almost 50$ for some refreshments that we never had. But took a phone call to resolve the issue (gonna check my credit card in a few days just to be sure they took the charges off). So make sure you are not charged for anything extra. I provided my @ address to check out, so they sent me an @ in the morning with the bill to review. So far, the experience is great! Looking forward to stop here again sometimes in the future. The only concern throughout the whole trip: looks like Las Vegas is turning into Beijing. 75% of all people there - are Chinese?!?! My family is multiracial and we have no racial issues with anyone, but we were surprised to see so many Chinese faces around. Even the check-in line in Aria had at least 70% Chinese guests.
5	This place is awesome. We went to see a Cirque de Soleil show and I was so impressed by the entire casino. I can't wait to stay there and get the complete experience .
2	We stayed at Vdara last time visiting Las Vegas and would want to try Aria. I wouldn't say that we have a horrible or bad experience; however, it definitely did not meet the high expectation.At first, I was impressed by the grand casina, lobby, the level of customer service of the staff, the arts pieces around the resort, etc. Oh, what was really amazing is we got a $100 gift card for Crystal by booking the package via Expedia.I think all of these are kind of expected with all the ridiculous Las Vegas hotels on the stripe. In fact, Vdara was kind of boring comparing to Aria in terms of all these.Now, it's time for the negative.-I was very impressed by the centralized computer control room where there's a picture frame by your night stand, connected to the room and supposedly control the lights, TV, music, curtain, temperature of the room. However, it doesn't work well. It has a big delay, so you don't even know if what you are trying to do doesn't work, or it's just slow. -The first day we were here, three of the lights in the room didn't work (floor lamp and the two reading lamp by the bed). -The towels feel too thin, I don't know it's just me, but it just doesn't feel normal, it feels thin! enough said.-We went out the whole day yesterday, coming back last night and found out that the used glasses was not washed! Really?!?!-There is no safe. Unless it's so safe that it's hiding somewhere in the room that I couldn't find it. I guess if that's the case, it's a good safe! lol..-So, if we are paying 25 bucks daily for the 'resort fee', I am pretty unhappy about the slow internet speed. They would want to charge even more for faster speed internet, ridiculous. Also, that wonderful resort fee always includes daily newspaper, which you will have to pick up yourself. I am not even going to continue, I just feel like the fee is a  insane, but I guess that's what every hotel is doing on the stripe?-The room is loud! We are staying at 27th floor and we are almost hear everything going on on the street. The motorcycle, the police cars, etc. Besides that, we can hear the water pipe, people talking/walking on the hallway, it feels like the wall are almost too thin??-The room is almost too dark even with all the lights turned on (this is after they fixed the floor lamp and reading lamp) Opening all the curtain helps, but isn't that what's lights are for?anyway, that's about it, and I think it's a pretty big list given the standard and expectation. I will probably won't come back next time, given that other choices given
5	Love, love this place!! I wanna live here!! This is our place when we go to Vegas. I'm with someone who is a VIP so I get to enjoy the amenities like the Sky Suites and the VIP lounge. The rooms-they have the most comfortable beds ever and the high-tech gadgets. Most of the time I just stay in the room and never get bored. The housekeeping staff are the best and meticulous at what they do. We always come back to a fresh and clean room and chocolates on our pillows. The casino- it always smells nice and fresh and always clean. Service is always friendly. The only rude personnel I came across here are somebody at Jean Phillipe (the bakery) and that Ronald guy from the VIP lounge. Anyhoo, everybody here is so nice-from front desk to bellhops, to limo drivers to housekeeping. I esp love the people at the VIP lounge-Hi Alfred, Esmeralda, Virginia and of course, Armando. They're the best!! Not Ronald though, he was rude. Other than a couple of rude personnel, I love this place. This is my favorite place in Vegas.
2	Overrated !!! Beautiful hotel. Great view. Awesome Services. However, the room where we stayed were lousy. We can hear conversations from the both side our room wall. Noises comes and go making hard to settle down to sleep. Although this hotel is fairly new, I can visibly see the wears and tears. Wifi was spotty at best. Had to pay for extra juice. For the price, I would prefer MGM or Venetian over Aria any days. Never again Aria.
4	My next trip to Vegas will include another stay at Aria. During our recent trip we decided to venture beyond Flamingo and stay at a nicer resort for a couple of nights.  Boy was I glad we did, I'm not sure I will ever stay anywhere else (unless they pay me to).  Aria's service is top notch.  You are greeted upon checking in, staff is there to ensure check in/out is quick, efficient and all your questions are answered to your satisfaction.  The casino is nice, a bit dark, but quite nice.  Not as smokey as other casinos - most likely better filters.  Great restaurants and shops around as well!The room - oh the room! Upon entering the shades automatically are drawn open to reveal a view of the majestic strip. Flashing lights, tall buildings.... heaven!Lights, tv, curtains - everything is controlled by a computerized control panel next to the bed.  Pretty high tech if you ask me.  Bed is one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept on!  Room is spacious and has everything you would need.  The bathroom made me envious of the one I have at home!!We really enjoyed our 2 night stay at Aria and will certainly stay here again!
4	I have to say after staying here a few more times I've grown to like this place. It sure beats Vdara, MGM, and all of the other mlife hotels on the strip. I really like how the Valet is close to the guest elevators. I hate walking a mile like most other hotels to get to the room. I like the controls next to the bed. I really hate getting up to the wall to close the curtains and blinds. I can also set an alarm to open curtains automatically at a certain time. Started gambling here more often and got the winter rates for $79 a night. I think for that price it really is a good value. Will be staying here again in January '14 so looking forward to this. Hopefully next time I can move up in Mlife tier.Food here is pretty good too and the smell of smoke isn't too bad.
2	The hotel is very nice but the service at ALL aspects is BAD!!! The check in process is horrible. It takes forever! If you've been traveling long, you just wanna check in and relax. Not wait in line for an hour. I requested an extra blanket and they first questioned me (like why do u want a blanket) and then took an hour just to bring it. Then I ate at the cafe vettro for breakfast before I had to go to work and it took FOREVER to take our order, get our drink, and bring our food. All in all Aria is nice on the eyes but ANNOYING to deal with.
4	I do love staying at Aria. I don't require a lot of service when I stay in Vegas, as I don't spend much time in the room. So I can't really comment on that. But I can say that the atmosphere is upscale, and everything is clean and fresh. The casino doesn't have that smokey smell. We stayed in the Deluxe room with 2 queen beds which is their basic room. The beds were very comfortable, the tv is huge (you can connect your iPod), there is a good amount of floor space, and the bathrooms were nicely done and included both a shower and a bath tub. Everything in the room can be controlled by a tablet at your bedside. Including the curtains! The floor to ceiling windows provided a beautiful view of the strip. Aria is pretty centrally located on the strip so it is relatively convenient to get to either end. The pools are clean and nicely maintained. You have to show your room key to get to the elevators, so you can be sure there won't be randoms walking around. It is a bustling hotel and casino with a lot going on, so you'll be sure to be in the center of the action if that is what you are looking for.
4	So did the group who did Mohegan Sun create Aria?Clean, big, and beautiful--that's how I'd describe it.  There's lots of places to eat and gamble.  They even have an area just for Michael Jackson games.  Do make sure you have money a plenty as food alone will kill your wallet.I was surprised how much space was used to market Zarkana--a whole store?  Exit through the gift shop, oh yes!In full disclosure, I was at the Aria for a conference and spent a lot of time walking through the building and when I say "walking", you really need to be wearing your walking shoes.  The conference center is all the way in the back of the building.  Restrooms are not conveniently located near the conference rooms. They were kind enough to provide water in the back of the rooms as well as a few candies.
5	Wow! When you walk in the room the drape automatically draw back to reveal a beautiful view of the skyline. Doesn't get much more impressive than this! All the room is controlled by an iPad sized gadget next to bed. At night you can set the TV, lights and drapes to turn off and close at a particular time. So you can lay down and snuggle in then just drift off to sleep watching TV and the beautiful night lights knowing it will all turn off a few minutes later. Even the 'privacy' and 'clean room' signs are automated. The only negatives I would say are that the minibar is one of those that if you pick up something to look at it for longer than 30 seconds you get charged for it. Really? However, the minibar charge for soda was only $3, so it wasn't all that outrageous (for a big hotel). A helpful hint I would recommend is driving into the Aria from Harmon Ave and entering the North Valet parking. They return your car in just minutes (we tipped about $3 for each time we picked up the car). The North Valet is much closer to the room elevators than any other entrance, and the Harmon Ave entrance is far better than trying to access from Las Vegas Ave. Always avoid Las Vegas Ave if you can when driving.
3	Aria is the crown jewel of the City Center.  Beautiful decor that is glamorous and yet refined. As a casino, it could be better, but I think that their purpose was to cater to more of a tourist/leisure crowd.Gaming - 2 starsFor a casino of this caliber, they have a dearth of fun machine to play slots on.  The floor has very few cocktail waitresses making rounds, although the areas are kept pretty clean.  The number of gaming tables is a lot less than you would imagine.  Returns on gaming are pretty bad.  I don't think that I have really come up here, and the lack of people makes for a spooky vibe.  There were no hand dealt tables for BJ, all shoes.Hotel - 4 starsGreat restaurants always make for a pleasurable stay at a hotel.  Aria is no exception.  One of the biggest perks is that center stage of the casino is John Phillipe Patisserie.  What a great place to get dessert or a bite to eat in the morning.  The rooms are nicely appointed, although a bit small.  I strongly suggest that you do not opt for the smoking room, as the ventilation systems here are pretty weak.  We got stuck with one and the room smelled like an ashtray.  The smell of stale cig smoke was in all of our clothes, luggage, etc.  This was less than a year after they opened, so it must be far worse by now.  Aria probably has one of the nicest bathrooms in a casino.  Strange, but true.  Sometimes, it's those little things that make an impression.
3	Check-in: SLOW! even more than 5 counters were opened, still had to stand in line for a while. Self-Park: FAR! from the front desk. Feel like parking in different hotel? Room: High tech~ Once open the door with the key card, TV will turn on, lights will turn on and curtain will open by itself. Very cool~ Remote control pad on the night stand, so convenience. You can control TV, lighting, temperature, music, curtain, etc. Many outlets in the room, perfect to charge many electronic at the same time. Mini-Bar: The fridge is completed packed with the drinks they are selling. If you move it, they charge you because all sensors. They are charging $50 service fee per day if you use their refrigerator to store your own item??? I thought refrigerator is part of the amenities in the room?? Nowadays, more & more hotel recharging "resort fee". Aria is charging $25 daily which includes access to Fitness Center and WiFi through out the hotel.It is an indeed a beautiful 5 stars hotel in Las Vegas. Many great restaurants in the hotel as well. 3 great restaurants have happy hour menu from 5-7pm. Very good price~I got a promotion rate, $106 per day + $25 resort fee. They gave me $50 daily credit... yes, spend it all on FOOD!!
4	The room is very comfortably arranged.  It welcomes you by opening the curtain, turning on the TV with mood music and lighting...Bathroom has double sinks, shower and tub. The best thing is I don't smell the cigarette which many other resorts' rooms have even in a non-smoking floor.  If Aria includes the slippers and jacuzzi tub then I'd definitely give 5 stars!
5	From a visitor point of view, this is my favorite hotel of MGM resort hotels. Maybe because it's one of their newest on the strip. Everywhere you look is high sense design with Eco and high tech collaborated rooms. Im sure you're going to enjoy your trip here
5	I love this hotel, from the excellent service to the plush room everything was top-notch!We booked the Tower Suite through mLife and could not have been more pleased. We were on the 53rd floor which provided excellent views.The room was to die for, spacious and comfortable.  It had 2 large flat screen TV's and a small one in the bath area, comfortable seating in a living area and a dining area that had a wet bar and an extra refrigerator (separate from the minibar) which made saving the leftovers from Aria's excellent restaurants a breeze.The bedroom area was spacious and the bed was super comfy.  The pillows were the things dreams are made of...literally, I never had such sweet dreams.  The bath area, well it was the best I have ever had in a hotel.  Large dressing area, whirlpool tub, separate shower with a bench, large closet, and a toilet that well let's just say it was a magical toilet and leave it at that.The assorted chocolates left at the evening turn-down service we really good as  well as the turn-down, everything laid out, room refreshed, everything tidied up, so nice to return to, the service was above and beyond.I also appreciated the Aria's attention to security, some may see having to show your key when entering the guest room elevator area a hassle, but having stayed at less secure MGM properties (Mandalay Bay to be exact) and seeing the problems of lax security I appreciate the attention to guests safety and security.This is our new go to hotel when visiting Vegas.
5	Check in: Check in seem to start moving fast we were greeted by a service specialist in line and brought over to one of the check out counters to check in (not so good of an idea). The lady behind the counter seemed lost at times and was not that pleasant. So if your room is not ready they will take your information and then text you when it is done. There were five of us and we all wanted a high floor all together she said that would be an issue. So we said do the best you can and she said it would be about two hours. Less than ten minutes later our friend receives a text saying the room is ready. It was but for the wrong people the room and all the amenities that we ordered such as fridge, our chocolates for anniversary. So 3 hours later we go over to find out why our rooms are not ready and we find Raniel (awesome). He told that the person before him messed up the rooms and he took very good care of us. We were placed on the 52nd floor. I recommend getting as high as you can, we had a city view...wow you could see over most of the other casinos.         Room: The room was very clean and modern. It also had a Touchscreen that controlled the room and a big flat screen. The bed is the most comfortable bed that I have slept in by far. The AC worked well and so did everything else. The TV was a little slow in response to you changing channel and volume. It was a decent size and had a lot of room for storage. There is a safe it is in the night stand bottom drawer. Don't touch the stuff on top or in the fridge it's an automatic charge to the room.  Hotel and casino: Hotel is gorgeous looking lots of cool art and also smells nice. The casino is huge not to crowded limits are high. The sports book is great lots of TV and space to sit down and enjoy the games.  The bars are really nice way overpriced but hey that's Vegas.  The chocolate place also has breakfast sandwiches and coffee, it's a good place to stop and grab a bite to eat.  Concierge was also good, very helpful we booked out transportation, reservations, and shows through them.  All the services the hotel offered as well as repairs and problem were handled very well and fast. Overall great stay and I would recommend it and I would go back there too
5	As soon as you walk into the building it smells like tropical flowers everywhere!! Very beautiful place and the rooms are very beautiful as well! Beautiful views all around and very modern!
3	it is, like, my third year staying here for CES.  At first it was very nice...automated controls in the room are a nice idea but , not unlike automobiles, the room-automation technology was old when it was launched and now it is just a sad retro feel for what was once 'cutting edge'.A big complaint for me (from the beginning really) ...the beds are "domed"...that is, the bed is crowned in the middle...so no matter how you lay you are 'curved'.  bizarre.Not sure why they do this (water run off...drainage?  it is LV after all), but it is hard to sleep.  Also..pillows are mushy..but two are too much...for a princess like myself these are major issues....otherwise I am comfortable with the hotel...Re: gambling...$25 table minimums were the norm and even when we had a full table's worth of players they refused to open a $15 table for us...they lost hours of play that night with that attitude.Overall this hotel peaked some time ago from an 'eager to please' perspective...now they are past prime and slowly slipping  (were they acquired in the last few years?  that is usually the death knell for a once decent hotel).It is not a poor experience but with a little attention it could be so much better.
3	Ok - I have no bone to pick with this hotel.  The rooms are very modern and well-equipped.  Beds = amazing.  The hotel itself is very clean and is scented with something yummy.  But to be honest, I don't think I'd choose to stay here again.  It's very open, almost TOO open where it feels more like a convention center than a hotel.  It's also missing the typical "vegas effect" - there's no theme, no wow factor, even the casino is kind of forgettable.If you're looking for a hotel with nice rooms that's easily accessible to leave and hit up the rest of the strip, Aria is great.  Personally, I'd go for Wynn, Palazzo, or The Cosmo if you're gonna pay the premium anyway.
4	Since I wrote my initial review, I've been back several times for work meetings.  I still avoid the metal clams underneath the check-in desk, but they've converted me to a fan.  The rooms are incredibly modern compared to other rooms on the strip.  One of my preferred places to stay in Vegas!  Great quality value for your money!The staff still say hi to you in the halls!
5	We've stayed at the Aria several times in a deluxe room and a corner suite.  It's a beautiful modern hotel and we love all the shops and restaurants.  I also enjoy the poker room here.
5	This place is magnificent! The room was amazing with lots of high tech features. I will stay here every time i visit Vegas!
3	The Aria was great! The room was really modern and had a nice breath taking view. The bath and shower are really nice. The Buffett was good with plenty options. Everyone was polite and friendly from the Aria staff. The only sour person we came across was a lady at the Players Club Counter. "Demonica or Domenica" whatever her name is. She was rude, cold, flat out crap service. She didn't tell is about any offers Aria had going or games that went on. If Aria has more people like her I'm not interested in returning. I hope Aria corrects that.
5	Amazing place! Stayed here during a friend's birthday weekend. The restaurant served first rate cuisine. Overall extremely classy place. You won't be sorry!
5	Modern rooms. Good location. Solid customer service. Had some dialogue with a manager in advance about a special occasion and appreciated their help.
4	Stayed here last week for 4 days. I do realize that sometimes the remote by the bed works and sometimes it doesn't. However I still love the fact that the curtains open with alarm.I did notice this time the room had a skunk smell. I think it was the pipes or previous guest smoking something? haha..  I didn't get a chance to tell the front desk since I was here for work and was barely in my room but it wasn't overpowering but noticeable. I still like the room though since it feels really clean and modern.I won about $1,400 from the penny slots so it definitely made me a fan of Aria. My favorite games to play here are blackjack and slots. I don't think craps is that good here since I've never won much but for blackjack and slots I'm up. Maybe it's just the vibe of this place?If you have mlife be sure to charge everything to your room. You can also link your southwest (600 points) so you get points and/or Hyatt membership number to accumulate stays. I only did mlife and southwest since they allow only two programs.
3	Beautiful 5 star hotel... Yes. But first class... No way.We stayed 6 nights, and the best part was the uber comfortable bed we had in our room. Seriously... It was like sleeping on a cloud.Now onto the nitty gritty... First the resort fees are an extra $25/day which is normal for Vegas. But upon investigating I discovered that the fee only included pool  and fitness room access, a newspaper, and free WIFI. The pool is closed for the winter, the hot tub closes at 5pm, the fitness center closes at 8pm, you must walk down to the shop and show them your room key every morning for the newspaper, and the WIFI is slow (plus every time you turned the screen off on your mobile device, you had to log in again)Next on the list is incidental fees... $130/day is held in your credit card  ($780 for us!!!) I checked into other resorts (Monte Carlo) and other establishments fees run less than $20/day.We stayed here with 12 other guests who flew out  for our wedding, so we decided to take everyone to the buffet for our reception dinner. $35/person + gratuity. The buffet was fantastic... Everything from crab legs, salmon, prime rib, ham, Asian, Italian, and Greek. Basically anything you can think of is available. The only negative is we were told we would be seated in a separate room, and we were seated in the middle of the busy dining area. This made it impossible to have a conversation with my family.On the day I got married I went to the concierge for 3 items: band aids, a plastic comb & a straight pin. I ended up with 2 safety pins, 1 band aid & was told housekeeping would be up with the comb. 40 minutes later my husband tracked down housekeeping and was told they have no combs.There is no coffee maker located in our room. Nor was there a mini fridge... But you can rent a mini fridge for a small fee of $25/day. :( but there are electric open/close drapes in every room, so I guess that makes up for the fact that you will need to spend $5.88 every morning for a cup of Starbucks coffee in the Aria.Checkout for my guests was a nightmare... Two separate rooms were told they had used the mini bar or snack tray, which was not the case. $50 a pop to open the mini bar fridge. My personal checkout incurred no additional fees, but took 15 minutes at 5:15 am. This should be a 30 second process.I gave this hotel 3 stars based solely on their classy decor and delicious food. MY SUGGESTION WOULD BE TO SAVE YOUR EXTRA CASH FOR A SHOW OR TWO WHILE YOURE IN VEGAS...SKIP THE ARIA.
5	With all of the "theme" hotels in Vegas, it is refreshing to see a new resort that focuses more on REAL quality and luxury than gaudy, plastic representations of the same.  I enjoyed the Sky Suites which was heaven on earth.  I felt like I was in a modern, luxurious home in the sky.  5 Star restaurants.  6 star service.  Best location on the strip.  If you are a pool/gym/spa person - look no further.  This is your place.  If you like to shop, bring your credit card as the hotel is attached to a shopping center (Crystals) which has all of the high-end retailers.
4	I stayed here 12/17/2013-12/23/2013. The room was very comfortable and the entire resort was clean with good customer service to be found everywhere you went.Gamblers may be disappointed with the odds available here but I suppose they need to keep the lights on so nothing personal. The in-room remote that controls everything from the TV to the curtains feels a bit dated in the age of the iPad but an easy fix to the rooms to earn a five star review would be make the room lighting capable of being not  just dim to really really dim.The pool area is really fantastic and has a private feel to it.
1	To make this long story short. I book the Aria 3 nights stay from 01/17 to 01/20 here at hotels.com  Hotels.com has always been wonderful, courteous and helpful every single time I have called.When we arrived to Aria, we used the invited guest check in because I have also M life Player's Gold card. the stay was OK. The problem came 10 minutes after we checked out.It was about 12:35pm when I have received an forwarded email from my coworker saying: "Lol, why you went to Vegas without telling us?" when I opened the email it has a attachment of PDF file from Aria about my stay details, which is a receipt. How in the world Aria sent my information to my coworker's work email? I used Hotels.com to book the rooms which shows my personal email xxxxxxx@gmail.com on M life account i use my other personal email xxxxxxxxx@gmail.com I have never used my work email and how did Aria email my receipt to my coworker's email?I asked to talk to a manager, his name is Ryan Gregory, after I explained to whole thing to him and how frustrated I was. He just did not want to help me at all, not an apology, not any kind of compensation. and When I ask him what is he gonna do for me. He said we cannot do anything and right after that he asked smiling is there anything else he can do. He was really laughing from inside right at my face. Ryan Gregory is really a piece of sxxt !!! He does not qualify to be an Assistant Manager for a 5 star hotel, in fact any hotel, any where!He is an insult to Aria and MGM as a company.
5	I absolutely love this hotel. Service, rooms, everything is exceptional. Last there mid December. I won't stay anywhere else.
2	We stayed at the Aria after years of coming to Las Vegas and always staying at the Bellagio or the Wynn. I must say you get what you pay for. The valet service was mediocre. We rented a car and my husband would pick it up and wait for us to come down and they would make him move to keep traffic free. Not the Bellagio! I asked for a microwave in tne room as I do all over the US, at first they said no. And when I stated all hotels give this service I got one. Not the Bellagio or Wynn!!Their servers were slow and mediocre in their restaurants. It was just a hotel. Kind of like a holiday inn but with better restaurants, meaning way high priced for the hotel. I would not come back here again.
1	We are first class travelers .... This hotel has poor service!,low standards!!! Booked a non-smoking suite awhile ago....they checked us in to a stinky room....smelt  of smoke and then moved us to another non smoking room that stunk terrible from smoke! They said they were filled up! We left .... Rather give our $$$ to another hotel who appreciates our business! I would NEVER recommend this hotel  and NEVER go back!!!! Absolutely TERRIBLE CUSTOMER service!!!!!
3	Beautiful hotel, nice decor. Pros, clean, modern, nice casino. Cons, small rooms, trying to do too much in too little space, the scents they have pumping through the casino and lobby areas are nice at first, but then become overwhelming throught the day and the rest of the stay. It actually started to make me feel a little quesy sometimes, and I don't have anything close to a weak stomach! The walk from the front doors to the strip is about a half mile long! I don't think I'd stay here again, I wasn't hugely turned off by it or anything, I  just wasn't very impressed. But then again, this is back when it first opened and everyone was making such a huge deal about the newly built city center. It was just Meh in my book.
4	I don't know why I was not expecting this hotel to be great.  I expected to over pay and under deliver.  We decided our group was going to stay in City Center this year and we chose Aria.  Because of the recent linking of Hyatt & the MGM properties, my Hyatt Platinum status gave me gold status in M-Life which resulted in a better deal than just off the website.  We chose the lowest level 2 bed queen.  The room had an amazing view of the strip.  We were only on the 10th floor, but we really had a great view.  The window was extremely large and gave us a very picturesque view. The motorized 2 level curtains were a nice touch too.The beds were so extremely comfortable.  Everyone in my group stated how they need one of those at home because they all slept so well.  Had some minor complaints about the room. The remote was terrible. Felt like it was not working (checked the batteries and they were good).  The bathtub behind the shower combo was really weird (wish I had taken a picture, but if you get a room there you will know what I mean).  These were nothing big.The toiletries provided were very nicely scented and of high quality.The casino is nice.  Not my favorite casino, but a good one.  The gym was awesome.  I have worked out in multiple of the higher end Vegas hotels and this by far is my favorite one so far.  Plenty of free weights, weight machines, & cardio machines.  I only wish I could have worked out more.  You might as well use it because they are forcing you to pay for it with the $25 + tax/night charge they sneak in after they give you how much your room total is after tax.  Don't get this added to your tab until you check in so keep this in mind (I think it is a little sneaky)I will definitely stay here again.
5	Great Casino modern and LEED design excellent.I left my Versace Jacket at Five 50 on Friday.  I went back today they called lost and found.  The manager came out and stated they found 2 brought them up for me to view and one was mine!!! These guys are professional and efficient thank you Aria
3	Beautiful Hotel, though a little disappointing for the scarce amount of people there. :-/
1	not a 4 or 5 star hotel. perhaps by vegas standards but not in reality. maybe by conference standardsno doorman available, valet is in the middle of a 6 lane circle drive with no bellhops. and to check in you get in line like at six flags. don't expect four seasons, mandarin or ritz standards.
5	My husband & I stayed at The Aria for four nights in the Panoramic Corner Suite! It was perfect! Hot tub was amazing! Your view while in the hot tub is the beautiful Cosmopolitan. The beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept on! The location of the resort is perfect it is close to pretty much everything! Many great restaurant options! We had dinner and drinks at Javier's and it was very good! The staff very snotty but the food was great. The World buffet was delicious as well! I have to say this will be the only resort we stay at when we return to Vegas! Customer service is top notch!!
1	Went to Haze nightclub parked in North Valet.  Club very lame absolutely nothing to see or enjoy then to cap off my boring night when I arrived home discovered valet had lost half of my keys including my house key and office key. It had only been 15 minutes since I had left so I called Aria frantically (correct contact number also very difficult to find on my mobile like really) but after being told a supervisor world call me in ten minutes I had to call back after 20 minutes to be put on hold for ten minutes!  I'm furious and locked out of my house!!! I hang up John or Sean calls after five more minutes or so tells me to call security and lost & found blah blah blah before I lose my mind and scream why can't you just have radioed North Valet 30 minutes ago to find my keys?! Also the Aria sucks just go to the airport it's the same horrific service and atmosphere
4	The Aria was a pleasant surprise!  The staff was helpful and nice and the room was clean and nicely furnished.  The lobby and casino is nicely done, check out the floors and flower arrangements throughout; very classy!  There is a good choice of restaurants: especially loved Julian Serrano for tapas.  The only reason I am not giving them five stars is because of the internet access.  It is included in the resort fee and we had to keep signing on and it was spotty in the room.  They need to improve it, I've stayed in sister resorts and have never had an issue with the internet access and signal.
5	Everyone here has been super nice to us. We always hang out at our Local casino Red Rock, but their host Todd is such a rude, abusive guy that we accepted the kind in invitation to go to Aria... Having fun with George Harris and Nicole Maroe....
4	Very beautiful hotel. Super sleek and modern. The rooms are a bit small, but it has a very beautiful view of the strip. I've stayed here about 3 times already, and enjoy it every time. Extremely classy place to be.
5	Let me preface this by stating that I had a comped room. Not comped by the casino but earned through the facebook application called MyVegas. So, I didn't have to pay anything, not even resort fees for our two night stay.If there is anything I need to say here it is that the bed at Aria was the most comfortable bed I have EVER slept in! I slept so well, and was so rested at the end of my stay here that I seriously thought about just buying a bed like that to take home with me. By the way, you can, and I did. SERIOUSLY!Anyhow, our stay was flawless, there are so many great restaurants in Vegas, many of them located right here at Aria! If you stay, definitely splurge with dinner at at least of of them, American Fish, Julian Serrano and Bar Masa are among my favorites.The location of Aria is wonderful, the casino floor is clean and the place is never too smokey, they have a nice pool area that is kept open year round which is a nice plus, especially on this trip when the weather was unseasonably warm. In fact, we loved it so much I am doing something I rarely do, I am paying for my next stay!
5	My boyfriend planned a surprise birthday trip for me- destination Vegas!!!!  I was not aware of where we were staying until we got into  the taxi at the airport. The  service we received from the  moment we arrived until we left was First Class.  My boyfriend advised the front desk that it was my birthday. A few hours later a little surprise arrived in our room. A plate with dessert and chocolate covered strawberries.  The following morning we were going downstairs to get our tour to The Grand Canyon. One of the employees was kind enough to escort us all the way to where the bus was going to pick us up. There was a maintenance worker in the area at the time. When he saw us heading towards the escalator he kindly told us to please come this way towards the elevator since the escalators were being worked on.The location of the property is also ideal. You can easily walk out to the strip going north or south with plenty to do. The Aria is by far one of the best experiences I have had in a hotel.
2	Tough call here, but I'm giving this place 2 stars because Vegas is supposed to be fun.  This place wasn't.  Long lines for food, one (1!!!) valet guy, no inexpensive food options (18 dollar sandwiches), and no blackjack tables for less than $50.00.  I get it if Aria is going for the Four Seasons crowd, maybe trying to out-wynn The Wynn, but when the casino flaunts every table has a minimum of 50 dollars (meanwhile some are empty), their own ARIA-only, not M-Life Only, but ARIA-only rules on touching cards for certain games, well then they aren't trying to be fun.  No free drinks in the SPORTS BOOK....WTF?!?!  They are trying to be obnoxious.  Maybe I should have figured it out when the two largest signs as you drive that street are for LV and Gucci.  Bellagio is fun, MGM a blast, even 'slumming it' at the Monte Carlo seems like more fun.  This isn't.  I think the new-ness is what pulls people in.  I was there during super bowl weekend (Seahawks/Broncos).  Decorated very well.  Rooms are great.  Very comfortable.  EXCELLENT BED, fantastic shower.  Great decorations, waterfall walls, clean carpets, ipad-like room controls...but that isn't enough.  That isn't NEARLY enough.  Its vegas and you have sooo many more options.  If you are over 60 and money isn't EVER an issue, then I would recommend it.
4	Came here for a convention. Really nice rooms, everything is automated... Lights, tv, curtains all open or turn on with a touch screen panel. Room service has been great. Restaurants have been very busy, long waits for breakfast and check in. Beautiful hotel next to an upscale mall.
4	Let me start of by saying, this is where you need to be if you want to see all of the strip. Located in the heart of the strip, going to other casino is like a walk in the park. Taking the monorail or taking a shortcut through the shopping center outside. This is my second stay here and it's by far the only place I would want to stay in Vegas. The restaurants from sage to the pizza. It's an all in one hotel and casino, let me not forget about the buffet. Look for that in a review for a few tips me and my friend found out. When booking use orbitz or another online service because with the hotel we got free 2 buffets each day we was there. Another perk is valet parking if you rented a car or visiting by driving. Valet parking is what you tip the driver, but be respectful on the amount you tip and you can spend more time inside with worrying about a parking spot. The hotel designs from outside to in are just so gorgeous, it will make you stop for a picture. Have fun and good luck in Vegas!
4	Had a group of 6 split a 2 br city-view penthouse suite. Room was amazing but I couldn't get checked in until 4:15pm. Their website lists a 3pm check in, but it's not guaranteed. The registration desk simply implied I need to wait but when I called the personal skysuites concierge, I was given a $50 food/beverage credit for the property. Besides that hiccup, the night went very well. The suite is great for partying and the showers are amazing. The double as a steam room. Could only get a late checkout to noon, but the previous guest was allowed 1pm. Not sure why they were special.
5	I'm so happy my boyfriend and I stayed at Aria on our recent mid-winter getaway!  We go to MGM Detroit a lot and wanted to try out a MGM-brand hotel in Vegas.  We booked through the MLife website, which gave a very nice discount.Check-inWe arrived in on a Wednesday around 5pm.  I was expecting to have to wait forever (around Chinese New Year), as many reviews indicated. But, there was no wait. Check in was just fine - the concierge wasn't super friendly though.  RoomIt was very nice.  I loved the big closet area and the mountain view we had.  Kind of a long walk from the elevators, but nothing to really complain about.  Housekeeping was decent, except sometimes they didn't replace all of our towels or empty/clean our drinking glasses.CasinoConsistent with most of the other MGM casinos.  I saw lots of table games with $20 minimums, more than I saw at the Bellagio.  Cocktail waitresses came around frequently.  It wasn't super crowded when we there (even on the weekend) so it was easy to get on a table.  I'd say the crowd was mostly well off upper 20s, lower 30 year olds. It's a nice space, but we spent most of our time gambling elsewhere.Check outSoooo easy. I just did it from my cell phone and a folio was sent to my email immediately.  Perfect.  Taxi area was well organized and the Aria staff were helpful.Unfortunately, we didn't get to check out any of Aria's bars or restaurants due to time constraints.  We both were sad to leave and can't wait to come back.  Aria's location is honestly perfect and I will most likely be staying here again!
5	I love, love, love Aria. The only place that I can say is my home away from home. Check in is easy and friendly. Beautiful Casino floor, security to get into rooms, and the most comfortable beds EVER! I mean, you're literally sleeping in a cloud! Rooms are nice and beautiful bathrooms. Great location! Cant wait to come back!
5	Oh my god I love the beauty of this hotel!! I can't tell you how beautiful it is unless you experienced it yourself. I did the 20 test and it worked one time. Also I thought I would lose money at this hotel because it was so fancy but I ended winning! Can't wait to go back! Thanks aria!!
1	i was there for a business convention.  i was presenting the next day.  people partying in the hall at 4a.m.  multiple calls to the front desk with no success. had to go to the front desk several times between 4-5am to change rooms to a quiet floor.  exhausted the next day during presentation.  front desk was unresponsive, unprofessional, and incompetent.
4	Luxury, ease, grace, and gambling. Yes, it is possible to find all of these elements under one roof in Vegas.Aria is by far one of the best hotels I've stayed at on the strip. It's centrally located, easy to navigate, and the rooms are UHHHHHMAAAAAAZING. Honestly, if I was restricted to highlighting one thing I loved about our stay at Aria, it's the bathrooms in the rooms. Absolutely gorgeous. The shower/tub combo steam room makes me want to blow my savings and remodel my bathroom in a similar fashion. What a genius idea--make every room a semi-suite, and every guest feels like a king or queen. My main inspiration for writing this review, was the customer service we had from every single employee that we encountered. EVERY SINGLE EMPLOYEE. And I don't just mean great customer service. I mean that every single person was genuinely happy, inspired, and stoked to be a part of Aria. Our questions were answered effortlessly, we received a free room upgrade on Super Bowl weekend, and the Concierge was particularly cheeky and friendly.So fantastic. Don't even get me started on the Crystal shops. UGHHHH. Aria, you're the best. As soon as I find a sugar daddy, I'll be back. Meet me at the Sex and the City Slot machines and we'll make a night of it.(Edit: my four stars instead of five stars is based on the experience I had with their business partners, the Light Group. Haze Nightclub should be ashamed of how they run their business and as a seasoned clubber, I was horrified at how this club is operated. But that's another review. I feel bad for the concierge that got my earful of a complaint the next morning.)
5	Fancy hotel with comfortable beds & amazing pillows. Valet is free!
3	Overall, I found the Aria to be very nice. The trouble is, most of the hotels in Las Vegas are nice. The Aria isn't bad, but it isn't special either.THE GOOD:- Nice atmosphere, architecture, decor, etc. It helps that it's new, but it's also generally stylish (both in the rooms and in the casino)- Convenient tram to the Bellagio, close access to a variety of stores, nice and large driveway makes coming and going easy.THE BAD:- The rooms have this ridiculous touch-screen control pad. It's absurd. Admittedly, there's an "ooh" factor when you walk into the room and everything turns on (all the lights, the TV, and the curtains are computer-controlled), but after trying to turn things on and off using the touchpad at 11pm when I'm dog tired, the shortcomings of this system are profound. It's a neat idea, but very poorly executed...old-fashioned switches and knobs are easy and effective.- The restaurants I tried were over-priced and the service is slow. The buffet was merely average, with a 10-30 minute wait for a table. The cafe was a long wait as well. The pizza joint was crazy expensive for what I got....The food is good, but nothing exceptional.. Certainly nothing worthy of the premium I paid.- The casino is small, and the sports book is a joke. If you like to bet sporting events - or just hang out in the sports book - you'll want to go somewhere else.- The rooms are nearly as expensive as much nicer hotels (like the Wynn or the Bellagio), but the overall experience is inferior to a hotel like the MGM or Hilton (which are similarly priced).Perhaps in time the Aria will find a niche, but right now it seems like a conglomeration of a lot of different concepts: Part casino, part exclusive resort, part affordable and family-oriented hotel. All of this compromise left me less than impressed.Still, if I can get a deal, I'd have no problem staying here again.
4	Really beautiful place- modern.  Check in was a bit of a nightmare but they did answer all our questions and print out my Zarkana tickets.  I do love the Colorado River sculpture made from recycled silver that's over the reception area.
5	Our most recent stay at Aria really blew us away.We received an upgrade to a corner suite, which really made our weekend. The corner suite is twice the size of the deluxe room, has 1.5 bathrooms (one toilet has a built in electronic bidet), a jet tub, dual vanity sinks, three flat screen TVs, and a separate mini-bar/living space. We ended up spending a lot of time in the suite, and appreciated all the details.Service was impeccable, from the front desk to housekeeping. There's so much to do at Aria/Cosmopolitan that we didn't need to stray too far to find quality eats and entertainment. We came back from lunch to chocolate covered strawberries delivered in our room. We came back from dinner to find that they had cleaned and restocked the suite again (who cleans a room twice! amazing), placed chocolates and slippers out, and dimmed the lighting for us. It really felt like a personalized experience and outside of the long-ish walk to the corner suites from the elevator (not that we're complaining), everything was absolutely perfect. Aria is def. our go-to hotel from now on!
3	It was pretty busy since we stayed there for Valentines Day. Pros: Pretty close to everything so we could walk pretty much everywhere without being in the true hub hub of thingsRoom service was awesome (service and food)Housekeeping was good (I broke some glass in the bathroom and they came to the room very quickly and had all equipment necessary)The gym layout and equipment is awesomeThe Steak house is really good and the service was awesome!!Awesome charge stations for all electronicsCons:Walls are pretty thin, so we could hear EVERYTHING ... it was pretty bad and it was all nightDepending on who answers the phone, the concierge can be a little smug (About 80% of the time)Room Service is SUPER EXPENSIVE and there are a lot of hidden prices in the service.The trainer in the gym is not friendly, is unwelcoming, and unhelpful Part of the floor is linoleum (or something) and I slipped multiple times on it-- BE CAREFUL!!! Everything is on Control 4 which could be cool, if there were some sort of tutorial All the information on the hotel (room service menu, spa services, restaurants, etc) were all haphazardly put into a binder. Some information was missing, other pages were repeated, others were just disorganized (like food pages in the amenities section)-- when we told concierge they smugly said, "That's too bad" and made no offer to remedy it. Overall I wouldn't be bummed to stay here again but I'd like to stay somewhere nicer. There are a ton on the strip that are nicer for the same "5 star" price.
4	Nice hotel.  High tech rooms.  Loved the electronic blinds.  Not much else to say.  I honestly prefer The Venetian or Ceasar's, but thats only because I like the theme places in Vegas, but if you're looking for a nice hotel with the BEST location on the strip, the Aria fits the bill.
4	I genuinely enjoyed my stay at aria during past trip to las vegas. It definitely has less smoke compared to other hotels, and as a non smoker,It was great to get a little bit of fresh air here and there.I liked how the rooms looked modern as well. They had additional hotel resort fee, but i had a good use of wireless internet and gym facilities, I did not mind. I went in feburary, so we didnt get to use to pool are, but looking out from the gym, it looked awesome as sell. ( Like any other hotels in vegas, they charge couple nox for small bottle of water in room, but once you go to the gym, they hand you free water, apples, bananas,towels,etc- all included in resort fee, so take advantage!)Personally, What i loved the most about aria was its location, it was near to mgm or cosmopolitan, but also walkable distance to ph, venetian, paris, bellagio,etc. In the resort itself, it had tons of gourmet restaurant options to choose from and had a great service. We went to the spa on our last day after checkout, and stored the bag. After couple hours, we realized i have left my curling iron in the room, and concierge was more than happy to contact housekeeping and lost and found for us.
5	Great location, luxurious, classy.The in-room controls are from a tablet, which is really cool, except that it doesn't always work well.
5	Love this hotel! From the time I checked in to the time I checked out I received nothing but excellent customer service! Had. Chance to hang out in one of the lounges and it had a cozy and relaxing vibe. The suite was amazing! The bathroom had a a huge deep soaking tub and I think I laid inIt for about an hour! The bed was super soft and I fell right asleep as soon as I laid down! I will definitely stay there again.
4	Stayed in the penthouse suite (SkySuites). Very nice stay.Pros: clean, well appointed two-bedroom penthouse suite (about 2100 sq. ft.). Really nice amenities. Loved the Toto Washlet toilet. Limo service from and to airport.VIP entrance makes your arrival nice and quiet. There is also a VIP lounge. Also nice. Additionally, any time we left the hotel we always returned through the VIP entrance. The service staff was always attentive through that side of the hotel.Loved the proximity to the Cosmopolitan, which is where Milos (the restaurant) is located. A walk bridge connects the Aria and Cosmopolitan. Milos is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas (see my review of it).My favorite pizza joint, Five50, is located inside the Aria. Nice bonus. Cons: the service staff was in our suite entirely too much. Between regular maid service, turndown service, and room service clearing, these guys always seemed to be around. This tip: decline the turndown service, so that the staff isn't showing up at your room at 10 pm.Noise on night two was unexpected. Got woke up at 4:45 am by people above us or to the side of us. We were on floor 35, so there are two floors above us. I'm not used to having noisy neighbors when I stay in penthouses. (The MGM penthouses are top dawg when it comes to noise control. I think they stagger guests for as long as they can. Additionally, corner penthouses at MGM are perfect.)Anyhow, we had a great stay at the Aria. Even though I didn't think this was a five-star stay, I do believe that Aria will deliver a five-star experience next time we stay here.
4	great hotel location and nice rooms. the room service is crazy though...  $45.00 for breakfast....   lots of great food and the casino is very upscale. I would stay here again but starbucks is best option for a quick bite in the AM
1	Grossly understaffed.   Had one guy working the invited guests window.   For a Saturday during a "fully booked"Night this is unbelievable.   Booked for a Saturday night and came for check in at 3.   Waited 4 to 5 hours to finally get a room with my while day gone which defeated the whole purpose of me checking in the first place.Not the staffs fault but management needs to get a clue and not try and skimp on payroll and be appropriately staffedOh and one other thing.   When the "privacy" light is on outside the room it means privacy please!!!   Not knock and open the door and ask of we need towel service.   This is pretty self explanatory and no other hotel I've stayed at barges in on your privacy like this.   Thought it was a random mistake but as I walked down the hall i saw multiple house keepers knocking on doors that said privacy.   Privacy means privacy please!!
5	This is by far one of the best hotels that I have stayed at. We stayed here during December and I don't know why it has taken me this long to review the hotel. Here's a lots if why I like this hotel compared to alllll the other hotel one can choose when visiting Las Vegas. 1. Very nice elegant and modern architecture. Our room was very nice and decorated to perfection. Our view was priceless and the best part of it was that it was about 220 a night. Our stay was during middle of December. 2. The location. It's centralized within the strip and it's a easy walk to the surrounding hotels, shops and  restaurants. There is also a tram that one can take to get around. We just walked everywhere because it was  so convenient. 3. The restaurants. Specifically the Buffett. I used to think that Wynn had the best Buffett. But that is until I tried Aria buffet. I believe it was about $40 for dinner or $45 for dinner per person. But not was it worth every penny. The variety of food was endless and the quality was unbeatable. I loved everything about this hotel and I truly recommend it to anyone a traveling through Vegas. The off season prices make it affordable. So try it of you can because it's truly worth it.
1	Where to begin?! My boyfriend set this up for Valentine's day and this hotel came highly rated. We were EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED in this hotel and its "customer service".Upon arriving, we were suppose to have a king size bed, guaranteed, we ended up with 2 queens. We were suppose to have a dozen red roses and chocolate covered strawberries delivered upon arrival. That did not happen, and when they did finally deliver, the strawberries were already going bad! The TV remote didn't work, the fancy ipad type room control didn't work, the AC wasn't working. After we called down - we were credited $75 dollars for our inconvenience.... for the cost of that hotel, $75 was like a $5 credit anywhere else.The next day we went to the spa and that was not bad. I have been to a few spas and that one was decent. Except, my facial lady was trying to be cute, I guess, but instead was offensive. Went back to the room to find it cleaned, and our liquor bottles rearranged and all. The cleaning person put my bottle of rum (with a wood cork top) under the 100 watt table lamp and it started to burn the cork. As I removed it from under the lamp and tried to remove the cork before it exploded from the heat, it burned my hand so badly, that it ruined the night! They sent over security who assured me someone would call and take care of my issues - it is 2 weeks later, and that hasn't happened yet! Called down again to the front desk and they said for my burn and inconvenience, they would issue a $50 credit. 50!!! Seriously?!?! We called to say we may be late for our romantic Valentine dinner at the Jean George, because I am working around a burned hand, and they said they would not be able to hold our RSVP and we would lose our table. We then went to dinner, on time, and in EXTREME pain, at the Jean George steakhouse I had walked the rest of the casino with NO issues, but immediately entering the restaurant, I felt on the floor because it was SUPER SUPER slippery!  I was trying to be EXTRA careful - I still fell IN THE MIDDLE of the $%#&$ restaurant! The waiter came to our table and made a joke of my fall immediately and said "careful the floor is slippery" then the what I assume is the manager, came and asked if I was OK. Didn't offer any help, or  food or drink or anything. The restaurant Jean George - was OK. We go to a lot of steak houses and this one is WAY over priced. We ordered one wagyu steak (15oz) shared by us 2 and 2 appetizers and 2 glasses of wine came out to $400. REALLY?! Though the lobster mashed potatoes were SO GOOD!I was going to say something but why?! For another $50 or &75 crappy credit? When we spent well over $2000 that weekend? NEVER going back to that hotel EVER. To pay that kind of money for crappy service! The Sahara has better service! The Luxor well surpassed the room and spa expectations. And those are OLD casinos.Just to be clear - we do NOT need anything to be given or handed to us for free but it is the principle that matters here.
3	This is a really cool hotel.  The only cons I would like to point out is that...the technology in the rooms is almost novelty rather than useful.  Had a hell of a time getting the music to play through the TV.  The ipad things are sometimes unreliable (probably because they aren't actually ipads but some sort of knockoff)  Other than that the rooms are very nice...and on the more expensive end of things.
2	Modern hotel without the pretentious atmosphere that you would find at the Wynn or the Palazzo. The technology within the rooms take time to get used to but overall was an ok choice for my wife and I.The things that keep the Aria from the extra stars is due a host of problems. When my wife and I returned from dinner, our room was filled with marijuana. I called security and they said it must've come from the vents. Not that I have a problem with MJ but for my room to be filled with smoke is not ok. Granted they moved me to another room but all I got out of being inconvenienced and a headache was a $50 room credit. Really? My wife got dizzy and coughed for 20 minutes. If you've got a pair of jugs and know how to flirt the manager will give you a suite and comp the room yet we get a 50 room credit for our troubles? It's like big brother telling us to move along.The curtains in our "new" room worked half the time and had to press it multiple times to get it to close. Lastly, every single time, and I want to reiterate, every single time, that I pressed the button to the elevator or waving the key card to my room, I would get static shocked! WTF? It's like the Aria just wanted to torture me. Aside from that my birthday at the Aria was a mixed bag and for someone that goes to vegas 3x a year, I don't know if I will stay here again.
3	Grand vision, architecture, style, and scope... nice. Might like to stay here with an aspiring starlet after I sell my screenplay, heh.  In the meantime I'm northbound up the Strip, cause they have PURPLE backgrounds on the gaming tables, which ought to only, ever be the classic deep green colored felt!  Minus one star for purple tables.
5	I LOVED ARIALet me start by saying that I love their decoration of the room. It's super modern and clean. I'm someone who puts a huge emphasis to the bathroom and boy this hotel has a nice bathroom. I love how the tub and the shower is together with dim lighting if you wanted it to be that way. I thought it was romantic. But more than the room it was the service that got me sold. I lost something super valuable that night and I called the lost and found. They were very helpful in trying to aid me with finding it back and what I could do on my side. I told them where I think I may have possibly lost the item and to my surprise they gave me a call back in less than 20 minutes telling me that they have found the item. In such a large hotel I think this is some STELLAR SERVICE. Thank you Aria for making my possibly bad-day to an enjoyable fun night.
4	I'm not sure how many times I've been at Aria now, I think four or five but it still remains my favorite hotel.  I love the rooms; it's spacious, comfy, great lighting and it feels clean.  I wasn't too thrilled to see a hair in the bathtub or my wife's bed side lamp not working (light bulb was out).  However, the automatic curtains, the tablet to control everything in the room is excellent.  I will say I don't like the way the restaurants are laid out in the hotel.  But all in all, I like this hotel and I would definitely come back and stay here again.
5	Great place to sleep while on vacation, soft pillows and beds. The bathroom is modern and spacious with more than enough room for two people to be at the same time. The food options you have at the ARIA are great but can be pricey depending on where you eat.
1	This place is a joke, an absolute disgrace, and the epitome of why we locals do not frequent the strip. They take your money and give you nothing in return. The excellence and luxury are a facade and standards are almost non-existent with no concern for consequence, they are, of course, "The Aria on the Las Vegas Strip!" Yet another production house. People will continue to come here and let them financially violate them and then go home and tell stories of how terrible Las Vegas is. Thank you for your great contribution to Las Vegas tourism Aria Hotel and Casino. We weren't even here for 12 hours, most of which was spent trying to sleep, before I had so many unbelievably negative things to say about our experience that I didn't even want to write a review just so I could stop focusing on all the bad and try and enjoy the rest of my Staycation if possible. It's not even necessary to go into details, stay here at your own risk, or lower your expectations.
5	Stayed here for a national sales meeting.  What a beautiful hotel.  When I walked into my room the lights automatically came on, the blinds were opened to revealed the stunning view, and music began playing.  It was pretty cool, why can't that happen at home? ;).  Enjoyed a couple different restaurants and the Aria is close to a lot of great attractions.  Loved it!
4	Loved:- very stylish hotel, modern, stunning- loved the tech'ed out room with control panel and how lights and drapes "greeted us" when we arrived- very friendly staff- beautiful room- VERY well laid out hotel with everything you would want...Starbucks, beautiful classy Casino, great restaurants, store with liquor, etc.What will get me back even though we love the Venetian? The floor to ceiling windows across the entire room with fantastic Strip view... get the City view room, pay the extra bucks.Cons? Can't think of any...except we REALLY did not like the Show...Zarkana....see separate review for this.
4	Hotel is great. Some of the staff are snooty. Overall I will return.
5	Amazing MGM brand hotel that's connected to the crystal shopping center and has free trams that take you to the Bellagio Hotel. The casino is a bit dark and too grungy for my taste, but I love their rooms. Modern and luxurious, with a spectacular view, but I can't tell you how amazing and comfortable their beds are. It's the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in I just had to have it. I contemplated on stealing it somehow, but I guess that would've been difficult with it being so big and all. My husband thought I was insane and ridiculous, but said he wishes there was a way for me to get it because if there was a way, he would.  He probably just said that to shut me up, but hahaha, jokes on him, because GUESS WHAT! YOU CAN! I bought the mattress from the gift shop. I knew this level of comfort was insane to not profit from. Aria Hotel is so smart that they branded their own custom mattresses and offer people to purchase it from their very own gift shop and they deliver it right at your home.I am now sleeping in luxury every night. Thank you Aria Hotel, for giving me the bed of my dreams. (haha, get it?.....................I'll see myself out)
5	Huge fan of Aria Hotel!  My significant other and I stayed here last summer and absolutely loved it.  This was my first time in Vegas and I'm so glad we didn't decide to stay at a cheaper, cliche, themed hotel.  This hotel was very luxurious and I almost didn't want to come home to my piddly loft downtown.  What do you mean my apt doesn't have remote controlled drapes, lighting, television, music and climate?  PFT, screw that! The security was a nice feature.  They [room]card you before entering the elevator lobby so non-guests aren't able to just waltz in.  I must admit, I'm not sure about Vegas.  I think I could not go back and not feel like I'm missing anything since I'm not big on gambling and clubbing hasn't been my thing for about 10 years.  Come to think of it, I'm only 28 so it's definitely never been my thing!  BUT I would come back here in a heart beat JUST for the pool.  That triple digit heat, the pool-side alcohol service, the hot bodies, people watching.  Def. saw a lot of young women with some wrinkly old men - they totally married for love!  If I ever go back to Vegas the pool is where you'll find me.The whole experience was very relaxing and glam.  And the location, center-strip, can't be beat.  A lot of the good shopping and sights are an easy walk.  However, there really is no reason to leave the hotel.  Everything you need is right there.  Food, gambling, pools, clubs, ZARKANA etc.  However, it was rather convenient to have CVS (walgreens? can't remember) just a short walk across the strip...regular priced sunscreen is better than the crazy marked up stuff in the hotel.  PS the casino is smoke free!
4	Review definitely over due.. On dec 16 I think was the grand opening on dec 20 ish was when I booked the hotel and it was at that time the price was approx $150 for the night plus $75 resort credit oh yeah! At the time housekeeping still needed to be tweaked they were missing towels and the soap was gone. I mean the little things right? But of course this is just the beginning they could change by now and very efficient. Especially since the price is in the 2s on even the cheapest nights wtf?You know for a hotel that big the rooms are tight! For double beds it was cramped. The rooms are modern and tech savvy. First time I can open the curtains automatically.It's far walk to the front but I like the free train to crystals and Bellagio. The walk to Monte Carlo is not bad too..
4	Enjoyed a recent four-night stay at the Aria. Unlike the many theme hotels in Las Vegas, the Aria has a striking contemporary design that would not be out of place in any major world city, like New York or Hong Kong, Los Angeles or Shanghai. The facilities are extensive and modern: a large casino, many restaurants (most in the higher price range), palm tree-lined pool, spa, salon and fitness centre, and the requisite Cirque du Soleil show. The hotel is adjacent to the high-end Crystals shopping mall and connected by tram to the Bellagio and Monte Carlo hotels. Rooms are a good size and well-finished, although housekeeping was perhaps not quite five-star standard. Staff were friendly and professional. Due to a health condition, I had booked a wheelchair-accessible room (and had hoped to get an adjoining room for my brother, however none was available when we checked in). The facilities in the wheelchair-accessible room weren't all that I was hoping, however the hotel did provide a shower chair and, after much prompting and back-and-forth with the concierge desk, a commode chair for the toilet. I was disappointed that hotel of this caliber did not handle this issue as promptly and efficiently as they might have, but things worked out in the end. Rating: 4.5/5.
5	Room was a bit too high tech but was great. Clean, modern, casino was great and nice pool. But the one thing I loved? CUSTOMER SERVICE. I left my iPad there. They eventually found it and shipped it back to me, free of charge! Thank goodness for their honesty and commitment to customer service!
5	Caesars palace used to be my fav but boy welcome to the year 200 - Aria!! The sky suites are amazing! The service the place is second to none and I've stayed at the Wynn and encore too...doesn't compare! For me Aria is the best!
1	DIRTY.  Dirty, dirty, dirty.   I was excited to have a corner suite at Aria, but I sat on my couch and pulled a pair of dirty women's underwear out from under a couch cushion.  Then, in the awesome bathroom, I dropped my hairbrush on the floor, and when I bent down to get it, there were 4 Xanax on the floor, under the vanity.  Neither of the above items were mine; we had just checked in.  I asked to change rooms and a room upgrade, and they told me that would be difficult.  They put an equal room on hold for me, but I couldn't get into it until 6pm the FOLLOWING day.   Really more of a hassle to move rooms.  Then, later in my stay, as I was walking from the shower to my room, I sliced the bottom of my foot open on a carpet staple/nail that was loose.  Hurts like hell.   Since I had already officially "checked out" online early that morning, they wouldn't do anything about that.   For all of this, in a 48 hour stay, after talking with the management for a day and a half, they finally offered me a $100 credit on anything inside the hotel.  $100 does not buy 1 show ticket, or 1 spa treatment.  I still had to spend more money there.   I could not use $100 on food, since I was at a work conference. Some BS if you ask me.  I will not return to the Aria, would not recommend it, and will not stay there next year, if the conference is there again.
2	I am shocked by the 5 star reviews of this property. The lobby is nice and the woman who checked us in was kind but very slow. We were told we were upgraded only to discover we went from the 9th floor to the 18th floor. The Aria is set back away from the strip and the strip views are mostly parking lots. The room itself is very small. It is the size of a basic Sheraton hotel. The bed is lumpy and the comforter is not down and can not be cleaned. That was a big surprise at a 5 star hotel. The bathroom is very small with a glass toilet room that you can see through.  The bath and shower are combined making he bath claustrophobic and the water pressure was terrible. When we came back late at night the room had not been turned down and when we called we were told you have to request a turn down. That is not resort like. And finally the worst part of the hotel is the curtains. It was so bright in our room all night because of the lights and by 7 am we felt like we were sleeping outside on a park bench. Horrible! We will be leaving and I won't return. I have stayed at the Mandarin, the Belagio, the Wynn and the Encore and they are all far superior!
5	Beautiful hotel!  My boyfriend and I stayed for a couple of nights last week, and loved it.  The room was more like a suite, with a large "living" area and a ginormous bathroom.  The king size bed was like sleeping on clouds, I actually wondered if it would fit in the overhead bin so I could get it home!The wall coverings throughout the hotel make you want to remodel your house, WITH WALLPAPER!  They even used what appears to be upholstery in some of the hallways.  The drapes and lights were all remote control, probably not the best idea to set your honey down with the controls while you are showering, you may end up in the dark!  Customer service from check in to check out was off the charts amazing. I have never encountered so many wonderful people in one place.  The location was perfect, seemed to be smack in the middle of The Strip.  As I tend to do on vacation, I walked a lot and it was really nice to get back to such an awesome room after hours of walking. The toiletries smelled so good, I Googled them when I got home, only to find they are made exclusively for Aria.Don't hesitate to stay here, you will not regret it.
1	I booked 3 rooms for a bachelor party this past weekend. One of the rooms had repeated problems with little done by the hotel. One Friday night the toliet leaked about 2 inches of water in the bathroom, ruining clothes and our shoes. Naturally I called to complain and they 'cleaned' it up and 'fixed' the problem. Later in the weekend on Saturday we came back with water flooding the bathroom. I went to the manager Angela, who may be one of the least friendly managers I have ever experienced and asked for a refund, despite the fact I had a flooded bathroom 2 nights in a row she did NOTHING. WHAT A JOKE. I gave them so much business and their lack of service and putting the customer first is appalling. Do not stay here. I am going to spread the worst about my awful experience to avoid paying customers from getting ripped off. A flooded bathroom at the Aria gets you no discount or refund. Angela you absolutely failed as a manager and as figure head of an awfully run establishment. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
4	It was a great long overdue visit back to Vega$ and NYE was well spent in the Aria.  Cool clean modern rooms, the TV/Media center was a little glitchy but worked.  Did okay in the casino at late night.  I happened to try getting a drink in the Gold Lounge @ a peak hour so it was just too damn busy with only one side serving as the bartender was dealing with more than enough unruly customers building up while one female argued with her about her tab and the others were pouring away the same on the other side. The Tower Suites were abuzz of course, but loved the courtesy pastries and drinks in the lobby.  gonna have to try again for a Penthouse Suite next time.
4	When it comes to state of the art amenities and cushiness, Aria has it covered. In fact, it was so fancy I had a hard time figuring out the lighting and drapes options on the little futuristic control board! And the great part about traveling to Vegas on weekdays for business is that you can find some pretty reasonable deals here, despite its top of the line furnishings! My favorite part was the elaborate turndown service they provide - they make the lighting sexy and turn on some soothing music, and even leave two packs of delicious chocolates on each nightstand. It made me want to jump right into bed when I entered my room that evening! I also love (and hate) that the Jean Philippe store is just downstairs. It's the perfect souvenir to bring home to friends (or to eat by yourself on the flight back)!Then why only four stars? Well, I guess what I felt was a lack of FUN. When I come to Vegas I expect fun, whether it be edgy decor or exciting restaurants. The Aria felt extremely huge and pretty sterile. I think next time for similar prices I'd prefer to go back to the Cosmo, which seems to have whimsical touches wherever you turn. I had a feeling that the Aria was maybe for an older clientele, or corporate travelers. Though I had a perfectly comfortable stay at Aria and got a great deal on it too, I guess I just expect more out of the box thinking from one of Vegas's most popular hotels!
1	by far the worst stay i've had in vegas.my first time at "aria" and i will not be coming back. the customer service is terrible and the management did little to nothing to help my situation.the security guards are unprofessional and offended me with their asshole like remarks.do not recommend. BEWARE! I would advise you to stay at the cosmos, vdara, bellagio, or pallazzo instead.
2	BLAHvery expensive to stay herethis hotel has NO theme, not that nice, i did like it though it is clean and smells like vanilla when you walk in but i mean its such an average hotel. prefer Bellagio or Vdara for that matterthe hotel rooms are nice, dont get me wrong, but im connecting the price with the rooms and hotel. not worth it in my opinion, unless you can get a killer deal, go elsewhere
2	The Aria is a beautiful hotel, but the service and design leaves a lot to be desired. I didn't meet one happy staff member during my entire time checking out their casino. Furthermore, the whole campus is intentionally designed to keep you from leaving. The traffic loop outside makes it virtually impossible to get back to the Strip. Poor signage shows that they intentionally try to trap you so that you stay at their location, which is bad sportsmanship in my book. All of the other casinos on the Strip have clear, frequent signage that show what exits to take to get to other casinos, even if that casino is a competitor owned by a different chain of properties.I'll allow for 2 stars because of how pretty the place is, but for the service and bad business sportsmanship, they're not going any farther.
3	The Aria is beautiful and sophisticated. Great location but the staff in the casino make you feel like you're being watched all the time. The slots in the casino are the worst I've ever experienced anywhere on the globe. I walked around for about an hour to see if other people were winning-not at all. This was over the course of three days Thursday Friday and Saturday. The situation was much difference at Caesar's Palace, The Bellagio and the Cosmo. It seems like a lot of people winning on the slots there and at the table. Plus I was serves drinks regularly and I had to practically send up a flare to get a drink at the Aria.  You could stay at Aria but play slots somewhere else!!
5	My friends and I stayed at Aria last week for 3 nights. Pros- You can check in early if the room is ready-They give you the key as many as you need.-If you are a member of MLife, and play tournaments or 5 hours at the table, you will get comped. In fact, our hotel room became $970 to $550 by playing 1 tournament and 10 hours of poker! (They will be able to add all of our time spending there which is AWESOME)-The hotel stuffs are very nice. -The room is fancy and makes you enjoy Vegas even more with the view from the room.-The hotel is located right at where you want to be (Close to everything!)-Drinks are free in casino.-The restaurant close to the entrance that serves tapas is VERY GOOD!!!! Everything is so great!!! Our server YOSHI was the kindest, funniest, and coolest server ever.. His service totally enhanced our meal.-Pools are very nice and clean. Service was great also.Cons-The waitress at the casino gave me the worst attitude. (Just that person but no body else)-Lemon Grass (restaurant) was good but over priced.-Hot tub was cold.I mean everyone is there to have fun because it is Vegas!! I will definitely come back and stay here this summer!TURNTUPPP!
3	The only casino on the strip that won't even let you touch the cars for three card poker.  That's right, you read correctly, they deal the cards face up, all three cards, like blackjack.  I was like what the hell, why you opening my cards for me?  Dealer explained that was the policy.   On top of this weird policy, their limit was set sky high, $50 table for blackjacks, $25 tables for ultimate texas holdem, and various other games, I was just taken aback by how expensive it was play there, even higher than Wynn Casino, so I was really turned off.  The place was dark and creepy with low lighting, dark walls, and unhappy dealers.  No wonder this place was close to bankruptcy.  There are plenty of other choice on the strip to gamble, I suggest you take your chances elsewhere.  Knowing how their trying to swing the odds in their favor, players do not have a chance!
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here for a few nights last weekend, and we loved it.  Beautiful hotel!  The rooms are state of the art with remote control curtains and lighting. Bathroom is large, loved the tub. The beds are very comfortable.  My favorite was the closets, and how they have two large closets with with enough hangers a space to hang plenty of dresses or dress shirts without having to share with the person you are traveling with. My only concern and reason I'm not giving it 5 stars was the night club, they need better security. Went in for 20 mins and saw 2 fights, poor bartenders were using the flashlights trying to get security to help and security was nowhere to be found. First time security never showed up and second time by the time security came girl was already punched in the face and pulled away from her friends. This made me feel very unsafe, bartenders should be able to get help from the security ASAP.  So I left immediately after seeing the second fight and no security.  Food was good, a little expensive in certain restaurants but very good overall a beautiful hotel. More of an older crowd but I would stay here again.
1	One of my worst hotel experiences in vegas. I've stayed in 12 hotels in Las Vegas. Aria so far is up there as far as worst for customer service. Rooms clean and the curtains open electronically but besides that, worst service ever.Got here, gym was closed, I asked them to find me one that was open and they more or less told me to find it myself.Went to the gym Friday, the greeter there was a jerk and just stared at you rather than greating you. It felt like the employees were beaten or scolded by bad bosses.Then came back to our room to smell like cigarettes, not a good experience
4	Bravo, Aria. Bravo.Does anyone remember coming to Las Vegas, 10 or so years ago and the most exciting hotel at the time was the Wynn? Ok, now take that up a notch by another 10. That is where Aria stands with being A W E S O M E.I went to Vegas just earlier this month, and it was the first time I'd even stepped foot in the Aria. What on earth took me so long, I don't know but I was impressed. My opinion of the Aria is that this is how the rest of Vegas should be, nowadays at least. Don't get me wrong, I'm still a fan of the old-school quarter machines too, but this hotel is keeping up with the times. We're in 2014 people, and we're not getting any younger. It's a pricey hotel, I'll tell you that much, but if you had the cash to blow, I'd say that you would want to try it at least once in your life. And yes, the attention to detail with their interior design is what really blew me away. The choice of tile, the hanging chandeliers, the type of seating that was used, the attire of the staff, all the way down to the matching handles in the ladies restroom. It all screams - CLASS.Now, my next goal is to try out that super swanky looking restaurant, SAGE. Yeah, definitely. Right after I save about 3 months worth of paychecks.
1	Do not bother unless you like to be ignored.   Was at the bar playing poker for more than 20 minutes with no bar service.  Good Job James the bartender.  Look for a new job
1	This Forbes awarded Sky Suite Rooms Ventilation is extremely poor to none, these eye watering, nose burning smokey suites r more like a overfilled wet ash tray!!  U try & take a breath in this sky suite tower hotel and u b will choking, gasping for air, this nonsmoking room/floor in this supposedly high end diamond hotel is cancer causing as soon as u walk in!! It's miserable to put it nicely ..  If u smoke, u will b in paradise !! I checked out on 2nd day of 8 day stay!!  Even my clothes in room if didn't wear make ur eyes water after hanging on closet..
4	The hotel is beautiful, artwork great too. We reserved a room with 2 queens and at check-in were told they're sold out but would give us a roll away. It took 5 phone calls over 5 hours to to finally get it. But, the location is fantastic.
5	I have been to Vegas several times and I have to say that by far this was the best hotel we have stayed at. The modern architecture was so cool and it was centrally located to everything. The rooms were very well appointed and since it was centrally located the views from our corner suite were amazing. The waitresses did not come by frequently while you were playing which caused us to gamble at other hotels. That was the only negative. We played several times during our 4 night stay and got two drinks out of it. Very disappointing but the service was great. The turn down service awesome. Still give them 5 stars!
4	I stayed here for Mega Madness. After working out from 7am to 7pm, who has the energy to drive home after? If you're a tourist, this is the area where you want to stay. Casino, self-park, valet...Room:I loved the room I got. They have 23-25 floors. Mine had a nice city view - so beautiful at night. As soon as you enter the room, the curtains are automatically drawn. You can control anything with a simple touch of a button. They don't have DND door tags - press the privacy button next to the door and voila! The chocolates for their turndown service were good. The bed was very comfy. Flat-screen TV, mini bar, fridge, nice marble bathroom with separate shower and tub. The toiletries are by Citron - I was expecting something better but oh, well. The elevator doors are slow to close. I remember this place having 2 incidents of legionnaire's disease  a few years ago - after coming home, I got a fever and sore throat. Oh, no! There's free wi-fi in the room. 4/5Convention Center/ Ballrooms:We were spread all over Bristlecone and Pinyon ballrooms since there were about 1,050 who attended the event. Very spacious, airy, bright and modern. High ceilings. The ballrooms are of different sizes to suit your needs. However, I was allergic to something on the carpet as I broke out in hives. 4/5Restaurants:They have a lot of good restaurants on property. Jean Philippe Patisserie, Julian Serrano, She, Sage, barMASA, The Buffet, Jean Georges, American Fish, Five 50, etc. 4/5Bars/Clubs:Haze, Lift Bar, Lobby Bar, The Deuce. Haze is a great club where great DJ's perform. 4/5Shopping:They have gift shops for whatever needs you may have. Pool outfits, sunblock, water, snacks, etc. It's also minutes away from Crystals for shopping. 4/5
1	Aria Home/Elements has the absolute worst customer service of all time. I have ordered bed pillows for two different homes twice and each time the service was terrible. I am shocked at the poor level of phone/email service from such a beautiful and reputable hotel.
5	We have stayed at this hotel once but we will for sure wbe coming back cause so far its had the most comfrotable bed on the strip and the nicest pool too.  When you walk in you do get hit with vanilla smell but u get used to it and its not as bad in the room as it is in the casino.  The rooms are spacious as well as the bathrooms but hte bed is the best feat in the room.  Once you lay down you dont want to get back up.  The pricing isnt bad just have to make sure there isnt any conferences going on cause this is the place to stay during conference season apparently.  But defintely a favorite of ours especially if we just want to erlax by the pool and get good rest and be able to control eveything with the little tablet by our bed then this is the place to be for sure and can't wait to come back and stay again hopefully this time we can get a few of the strip but the view we had last time wasnt bad of the rio it looked nice at night.
5	amazing service & incredible rooms, amenities, facilities. worth every penny, highly recommend! some (not all) of the on-site restaurants are pretty good too...
5	Wife and I just returned from 3 nights at the Aria/City Center all compliments of My Vegas and MLife.  We checked in around 10:30am on Tuesday March 18th and was pleased to find that our room was already available.  Very quick and easy check-in and very courteous.  What an amazing room the view was great and everything in the room was powered by something similar to an Ipad.  The bed was great and we slept very comfortably.  We didn't experience the curtains opening or music coming on as some reviews mentioned, but that was probably the only thing missing.  Nice having someone check for room keys before entering the elevators area and preventing non-guests from roaming the halls, etc.  Nice open gaming area, plenty of restaurants, bars and shopping too.  There is enough to do here without leaving the resort.
1	I would have preferred 0 stars for this hotel. Our entire stay here was horrible. Upon arrival, they did not take our luggage to the room. The concierge was very rude with attitude. No one was available after 9pm to assist us with hotel room problems. Our hotel room was dirty. The spa double charged us for a massage so be on the look out for this. They gave us a key that wouldn't open our room and we had to call security. The whole hotel smelled horrible.Overall, I would never recommend this hotel to anyone! Cosmo seemed much better.
1	We had a suite booked here for company meetings. Weeks before the event, I had called to get information on an early check-in and was told it shouldn't be a problem at all. All I would have to do is call on the morning we were arriving to pre-register and we should be able to get in early. When I called to do that, all three customer service agents I spoke with were incredibly rude and unhelpful. Not to mention, they gave me completely different information than what I was told when I called weeks in advance. I will never stay here and we'll use another hotel for our company meetings now on.
4	I just stayed two nights at Aria. It is a great hotel...my company paid for it, which is great because I would never spend that kind of money...and the rooms aren't even the worse of it!! ONE drink at the pool will set you back a hefty sum...which I can't repeat here...just know, it's probably the most expensive on the strip.We didn't get the chocolates or a turn down service that some other reviewers have mentioned, that's ok..most everything was wonderful.  I was dismayed a bit  at the bath products...a lower end brand, and of definitely lower end quality. The restaurants were all really good that we ate at...the Thai place was as good, if not better, than any I've been to in the US.  The casino was nice, not too smokey, and the servers were pretty quick. The pool was nice, a few good choices...one that was more adult orientated, so not a bunch of kids having a great time...not something I look for in a relaxing pool day. As usual...I always wish there was more shade and/or umbrellas..but all in all..a great pool experience. All in all, a great place, although pricey..that's expected.
5	Love this hotel and it's post-modern luxury. From the smell to the dark ambiance, Aria ushers in a new era of Vegas resorts. Gone are the days if themed hotels with gimmicky attraction. We now have this beautiful hotel with is really interesting design.Only flaw is that it's owned by MGM. You can tell they use similar stuff in the rooms and they try to save money where possible. Cosmo is independent and you can really tell that it's not part of the MGM mafia.
3	This review is solely based on a couple of visits to the hotel, and only of the Casino.The casino floor is small, but has a beautiful shopping stores , and walkways outside. It looks very upscale and gorgeous from the outside, but the inside is just the same generic set-up of every other casino. There is nothing that sets aside Aria's casino from others, and is much smaller than the others on the strip.I do, however, like that they employ an older range of women as their cocktail servers on the casino floor. As a designer, though, their costumes were so outdated for such a classy, and modern hotel. I probably wouldn't return to this hotel, truth be told. There isn't anything interesting that really draws me in unless I have comps here.
3	Stayed: 4/2-4/4Positives: Bell Services. We had to store our bags before check in and after check out before our flight. They were incredibly courteous and professional.Price: They offer military discount which is a nice gesture.Location: right in the city center. Nice shower. Rain shower head. Cons: Very small casino.Nothing special. As first time visitors, we wanted to be wowed by our casino. If you want opulence and "Vegas" this isn't it. Go to Bellagio, Caesars, NYNY, etc. We had a lousy room location (4th floor)-not a nice view. If you book here, request a room above the 7th floor. Our room wasn't the cleanest. They sent someone up right away to assist, but it wasn't a good first impression. All in all, not horrible, but not great. We wouldn't stay here again.
5	Fantastic resort. Smaller casino footprint in the hotel which added to the resort feel.
5	The Aria Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas is just beautiful! Right when you walk into the lobby you can smell vanilla or some sort of good scent inside the hotel and also that scent can be smelled in the casino also so now you wont be able to smell that nasty smoke smell... This hotel is very modern and very high tech.. they do have wi fi there once you get your room key there should be a code on that back.. The Aria also has about 3 pools,private cabanas, and even like a nigthclub kind of themed pool party called LIQUID. Aria is located in the heart of CityCenter which means its only steps away from Crystals (modern shopping mall across from the Aria lobby), The Vdara, Veer Towers (residential apartments), and also the Mandarin Oriental hotel! Aria also has there own tram transportation that will take you to Crystals,Bellagio, and Monte Carlo (which is great transportation when its a hot day in Vegas)! The rooms at the Aria are very luxurious and modern.... Right when you walk in you are greeted with a warm welcome when the lights and TV turn on and plays soothing music.. and also the curtains open up... It's just amazing! In the room there is a touch screen pad and also a control panel in the room... With the touch screen pad you get to control EVERYTHING in the room! Like the lights,TV,Music,Brightness of lights,sheers, and curtains and much much more! With the control panel you can control less... the only thing you can control on the control panel is the curtains,sheers and brightness of lights and also there's a "GOODNIGHT" button when you press it, everything in the room shuts off and the room goes to sleep.. It's pretty cool! In the Aria there's also a Starbucks which gets pretty full at times but you can just walk over to Crystals and get a Starbucks drink over there (trust me the line there is way less full then the one in the Aria) Also there's a Cirque du Soleil show in the Aria Hotel called Zarkana it's located right in between the BUFFET and the convection center!
3	First of all, the building itself is dazzling.  Every surface is a new and interesting texture.  There isn't a rectangular room in the entire place -- every hallway and vestibule is woven into a wonderland of curves and arcs and gently leaning walls.  Everywhere you turn, there are surfaces of beautifully colored glass, fabrics, metals, wood, even water. The controls for the lights, curtains, thermostat, etc. are all electronic and controllable with the TV remote, and they're not too difficult to figure out after a few minutes.  The bed was luxurious and wonderful, and most everything else in the room was nice, all the way down to the carpets and bathroom fixtures.  During our stay, we had to call to get a light fixture repaired and get a replacement hair dryer, as both had conked out.  Services are all excellent.  The people are friendly and personable, and prompt.  But wow, everything is expensive!  If you take an item out of the room fridge for more than 60 seconds, they *charge you* for it.  There's no space in there for anything else, and they say they'll charge you $25 per day if you store other items in there.  So if you want to keep last night's leftovers cold, etc., be prepared to pay.  The restaurants range from expensive to extremely expensive; the spa will break the bank; and like much of the rest of Vegas, there's seemingly little or no place to sit down and just relax unless you're gambling or eating.  Aria feels like I'm trapped in a beautiful, futuristic sci-fi world where everything is oriented toward quickly sucking the money out of my pocket.  This was a nice place, but next time I'm visiting here I will only walk through the lobby and then spend my money somewhere else.
4	This hotel is pretty freaking awesome.  It is technologically current, everything in your room is controlled through a couple touch screens, your alarm opens the curtains, slowly lights the room, turns on the television, etc.  The bathrooms are gorgeous! I mean gorgeous.  The shower is huge, with a giant tub IN IT, which is great if you are like me and you want to shower after your bath because stewing in your own sweaty Las Vegas filth and then not showering sounds awful.  The casino isn't bad, I found the dealers to be nicer than a lot in Vegas.  They have some good food options (Not the CAFE ARIA, stay away), good lounges, play current, upbeat music, and a generally awesome ambiance.  The reason they lost a star is the check in line.  Checking in on a Wednesday, not near a holiday or special event that I am aware of, there was a 30-50 minute line to check in, depending on who in are group you were and what specific time you showed up.  That to me is an issue.  You fly in, or drive in, want to shower, or pee, are hungry, want a drink, whatever, and you find out that you are sitting around lugging your suitcase for another while.  You build a brand new huge casino, make sure you have enough desks to check people in.
4	I stayed here for four nights, and overall, I had a pleasant time. The staff was courteous except for one argumentative bartender from upstate New York. This dude doesn't belong in the service industry. I loved the pool area, spa, gym, the waterfall outside the main entrance was so peaceful and Javier's restaurant was my favorite.   The cucumber margarita and shrimp soft tacos were delicious!  I don't gamble, so I can't speak for the casino. Everything seemed very clean as well.  Would I return?  Probably not. It didn't seem that upscale, and as to be expected, almost everything was overpriced. One lounge charged $28 for a glass of red wine and they charge $25 a day to store items in the room fridge.
5	I was shocked to see that Aria didn't have 4.5 stars if not 5. I had a phenomenal experience at Aria, and I cannot wait to stay there again sometime very soon.My husband and I booked a room online at Aria to celebrate our two night staycation on the Strip. While making small chat at the Registration Desk, we told the woman that we were there to celebrate our one year wedding anniversary. Low and behold, we received our key after receiving very friendly customer service, and were on our way. After a long, long walk, we finally came to our room. Looking at our room, we were at the end of the very long hallway in the corner of the building looking at a gorgeous view of the Strip. Well, then we walked into the room.I'm a suck for technology, especially sexy technology that turns on your room when you walk in after a very long walk. The curtains slowly opened as sensual mood lighting raises in the background, smooth jazz starts to play on the television and I dropped my bags in awe. The sights, sounds and utter zen-like feeling I experienced within the first 15 minutes was exactly what I would expect from the Aria and then some. Who needs to walk around the Strip when you have that kind of view and all the luxuries of the Aria at your finger tips?However, if you do want to leave your room there is a tram that goes from the Aria to Crystals (which exits right near a Starbucks), Monte Carlo and Bellagio if you want to spare yourself a little walking. We use this tram often when we are on that part of the Strip, and when it's free there is very little to complain about. The restaurants at the Aria offer their guests a wide variety of cuisines, and each one we've tried has been delicious in every way. Many of the restaurants have Happy Hour menus which offer a more affordable price for customers that may not want to spend their food budget on one meal like myself. I would suggest trying Lemongrass or Julian Serrano for a meal and the Patisserie for Straciatella Gelato. So good, and definitely worth the price. The quality of this hotel is high, the customer service has always been impressive, and even their basic rooms are still beautiful and offer their guests quality accommodations  for a reasonable price. If you're looking or a little bit of luxury, I suggest staying at the Aria!
4	Impeccable customer service, front beginning to end.I decided to host a family event and wanted to do something nice. So I went with the executive hospitality suite. Check in was easy, fast and painless.My suite was amazing. 180 degree view. Spacious and comfortable. We had one and half bathrooms, a meeting room, a wet bar, living room area and our master bath and master bedroom and something like 4 or 5 TVs, I can't remember that exactly now.During our stay, our rooms were cleaned more than once a day. They were on top of their A game when it came to attending to your needs. The suite itself was up to par with all the nice electronic features. Truth be told, one of our favorite features was the toilet seat warmer. It was hard going back to our toilet after that.  And that nice big roman style jet bath. Oh you know I filled it up with bubbles, although I should not have. We had an amazing stay and I can't wait to do it again.
3	The hotel is nice and most of the staff is friendly....   however I had one of the worst experiences with the (we'll call him) "taxi attendant".   I am a great tipper when someone deserves a tip, however I don't feel a tip is deserved for someone that grabs my luggage from me (without asking) and hails down a cab that's already waiting for me.     As I was jumping into my taxi at the hotel to head to the airport at 5am, the "taxi attendant" said to my taxi driver (loud and only a few feet away from me) "wow, I've been working for free this morning, it's been awesome".   ARE YOU KIDDING ME, D-BAG?!!   He needs to be fired.   It's too bad b/c everyone else was so professional and friendly and he ruined it for me.
4	I'm late on my review but here goes. This review is based on my first and only experience staying at the Aria in June of 2013 for my Vegas wedding. The overall experience was awesome but there were hiccups.Displeasures- I didn't get the whole welcoming with music and curtains opening when you first walk in everyone talked so much about, very disappointing. 45 min to check-in was a little annoying, but I learned later that you can check in using your phone.I wish the entrance to the Vegas Strip was a little more accessible. It felt like walking a marathon literally.  I really like Crystals, but I didn't want to walk through it every time I wanted to hit the strip. It was either that or the scorching sun.The biggest issue was the fancy device that controls everything. This thing had a mind of its own. If I closed the curtains, the tv would shut off. It was so annoying I wanted to throw it out of the window. I ended up doing everything manually. Maybe it was defective but I was excited about using it just to end up disappointed.Not being able to bring outside food to my room was such a turn off but hey that's the policy. I snuck it in anyway (don't tell nobody).Do not, I repeat,  do not touch anything on the mini bar or in the mini fridge (from all the other reviews..this warning is self explanatory).Pleasures-Overall, the hotel was amazing. Besides the issues above..I was in heaven. I had the deluxe king with a view  on the 14th floor and boy did I have a view.I signed up 4months in advance on Aria's website to receive deals through text message and emails. I week later I was offered a great deal. I ended up paying 450 total (including resort fees) for 4 nights for a deluxe king, the city view was complimentary. Yeah I can hear you saying, " you could have went through a third party." Hey, I was getting married to the love of my life. I did not want any issues like some did during check in went through hotels. com  and they were told to call the third party vendor to rectify the problem. Yeah..no thank you.The atmosphere and people wasn't bad either. This place just had a great vibe. My room stayed clean and the fresh towels and linen kept coming.I wish I could have pack up the plush robe, towels and bedding to take home with me. The casino was awesome. The staff was really nice and friendly.The food is very expensive but it was to be expected. Even though majority of the time I ate outside of the hotel, I occasionally treated myself to the best sandwiches I've ever tasted.Check out was a breeze.For those of you who are using the reviews to decide if you want to stay, I say go for it. Your experience may be different from other folks. For example, I didn't get extra charges on my card, my room stayed clean and customer service was great. Would I ever go back to Aria? Hell yeah.
4	I am checking out today so I thought I'd write a review while still here. The main areas are lovely, the smoke smell is for sure not as bad a many casinos, and we've stayed at almost every M life casino here in Vegas. Self park is pretty damn far from check in, just warning ya. We had a standard room, but had to move as it was right over the Cosmopolitan's party pool and the thumping music was loud. if you want quiet as I did request a "mountain view" All the technology is cool in the room but doesn't work that great, seem to have a mind of its own at times, had to unscrew my nightlight as id did not fully turn off. The bathroom was really great. The linens on the bed were great but I'm not sure if my mattress is old or a really huge person slept on it but i had a HUGE dip in my side ( Aria if you reading room 18224, replace the mattress )  I wish the pools were a bit bigger, they do not compare to the Bellagio ones. The gym is fantastic, used it every day. the hotel restaurants  are hit or miss. Lemongrass is a really good and not scary expensive. BarMasa is good but in no way justifies the prices they charge. Overall we will come back, as we enjoyed our stay.
4	The Aria isn't as nice as the Cosmopolitan, but Hotwire calls it 5 star. The rooms seem small for a 5 star hotel. The service  is excellent and the pool(s) and gym are wonderful. Because Javier's opened in the Aria, they now have a really good dining option. I like being near LV Center just to walk around and get out of the "Vegas scene". I'd definitely stay here again, though the casino doesn't rate with the Venetian, Caesar's or the Wynn.
3	Recently stayed here for 3 nights and it was fine. Line at check in was insanely long. Getting to the hotel from the strip walking is a chore. You have to go up the stairs over the bridge thru the shopping mall and finally Aria. Rooms are standard. Nice comfy bed and good size bathroom. Much prefer Wynn/Venetian for overall experience and location.
5	This has got to be my favorite hotel on the strip! The technology available in the room along sets this place apart from all of the other, older hotels. For instance, upon walking into your room, the shades automatically open, showcasing the gorgeous view of the strip. You are also able to set different mood lighting on an alarm (dim the lights in the evening, close the blackout curtain at 2am, open the curtain at 10 am as a wake up etc).The beds are very comfortable and the bathrooms have a shower/bathtub combination that is just insane!!
3	Aside from all of the walking it takes to get from your room to the rest of the casino and resort, I would say that it is a pretty good hotel! (And by walking - I mean, prepare to walk a really looooooooong time to reach your room! I rented a car this past trip and stupidly parked it in their parking garage (which is on the opposite side of the casino from check-in)! So after you walk through the entire length of the casino, you arrive at the check-in area and then re-trace about half of your journey to get to the elevators that take you up to your room. Good thing the place is air conditioned!In terms of our room, it was actually pretty cool with all of the automated controls that are controlled through a tablet - though over our stay, the system became pretty slow and non-respondant at times and the 'wow-factor' soon faded pretty fast. In addition, the layout of our room was kind of weird with the walk-in closets taking up a good amount of living space that could be improved on. Also, there was this one annoying light in the bathroom that would flicker - as it threatening to die out any minute. Calls to the front desk to get it replaced went unnoticed and were almost nonexistent. In addition, I don't know if it was because the cleaning service was lazy because we were at the very end of the hallway in the corner of our floor, but two of the four days we stayed did not get cleaned! Calls to the front desk again were met with empty promises about having someone come up while we were out of the room.One thing I did enjoy about the Aria was their fitness facility, which was included in their resort fee and not additional! The weights and equipment was new and seemed to be maintained and cleaned regularly. In addition, the bottled water and fruit complementary provided was a nice touch!While I didn't get to enjoy any of the other amenities at the Aria, I can attest that my room was extremely quiet and I was able to get some quality R&R and prep for my meetings. Additionally, the location was pretty central to the strip and conveniently connected to the Crystals shops. I have stayed at much better places in Vegas and also stayed in much, much worse places, and thusly would say that it is about the middle of the road for me. The casino was on the smaller side, but I was able to make some decent money at the blackjack tables so I'm not going to complain. If you were to stay here, one thing I would recommend if you are going to rent or bring a vehicle is to definitely valet your car! It will save you a good 30+ minutes (maybe more if you are a slow walker!) and is definitely worth it!
4	I love the Aria.  I was there in January on business.  This place is very pricey.  My room was worth every penny.  I was in love as soon as I walked in.  I was on the 12th floor with a city view.  My room was quite, the bed was SOOO comfy.  The decor was modern and comfortable.  My favorite part was the shower.  It was huge with a bench inside.  I just sat in the hot water every and really relaxed.I was at the Aria for a CPA conference.  The convention centers are beautiful.  Easily accessible.  The Aria provided us with healthy and well balanced meals.  For professional meet and greets this place is just great.  Lovely ambiance, it makes the clients feel very relaxed.  Great for business.   I had dinner at an amazing Asian restaurant inside of the Aria, it was called Lemongrass!  The food was incredible.  It was so good I went twice in 3 days!  I had  a hot duck dish and some curry.  It was so delicious.  Again very pricey.I had coffee at a pastry shop.  It was delicious.  I love it, it was very strong.  I did not try any but the baked good were gorgeous.  They had a large selection of various pastries and cupcakes.  Very pretty.     I did a small amount of gambling, but only with the money I found on the floor all over the casino.  I sincerely enjoyed every bit of the Aria.  Cant wait to go back.  I am next month.
5	Well, the hotel did not disappoint. There was no "sophomore slump" experienced with my second stay; if anything,it was even better than the first one. Everything was better - the hotel experience, the room, the food, the casino games - everything. This trip was for a small conference that didn't have a really big itinerary, so I took advantage of some of the other hotel amenities and took some time to really walk around the place. The hotel is freaking huge - I came across lots of areas I hadn't seen on my first trip. It's bigger than Caesar's (even though all of the shops around Caesar's makes it seem enormous) and it's just as big as the Bellagio. HUGE.  If you ever stay here, be sure to get a city view room. I don't even know what the experience would be like without one since I've had it both times (and I always plan on doing that) but it really enhances the room. This time my view was a bit more towards Las Vegas Blvd. It was great. Next time I'll try to get a view facing the Bellagio (if I don't decide to go up to a Sky Suite).I decided to do a bit of room service on this trip and I felt like kicking myself for not doing it on my first trip. I travel a lot and sometimes the room service food at those hotels are kinda 'blah.' But not here - it was GREAT. Be sure you order the Fettuccini with chicken and shrimp - it'll blow your mind. I decided to give the Buffet another shot (first time wasn't that good) and they redeemed themselves. Breakfast selection was great and the chef preparing the omelets were off the chain - best omelets I've had in a while (come to think of it, the omelets I had at the conference site were good too - guess it was a good week for omelet makers!). I ate at a few other locations this time around and I wasn't disappointed.And I also took the time to learn how to play some more games. Generally, I'm a craps man, but I've now taken a keen interest in Pai Gow. I left down pretty big so I'm hoping I can get a comp'd room or something on my next visit (hint, hint - LOL)Overall, I enjoyed this stay 100x better than the first. Maybe it was because there was no major convention in town going on, but everything just seemed so much better - I don't know. But I will try to make sure I time my trips back out, whenever possible, to not coincide with big conferences. As always, the staff was super courteous. Thanks, Aria, for another great experience!
4	Loved the Aria!!! Everyone recommended the Encore and had me second guessing myself. I thought the Aria was wonderful, clean, great service from check in on. Great pool, the location was in the center and a easy walk. I was not dissapointed at all. Our room was on the 16th floor, city view. Lots of closet space and very comfortable beds. It's not a cheap hotel, but nothing in Vegas is cheap anymore. Well worth the money and would go back again. Lots of great restaurants and just a great vibe hotel. The gym was big with lots of equipment. Stayed at many hotels and by far this is my favorite so far.
5	Great weekend get away experience at the Aria this past weekend - really couldn't ask for more.  Got a good rate and woo hoo, on the 30th floor!  The ladies at the concierge desk were really as pleasant and professional as they come.  The girl at check-in was a little less than enthusiastic, probably because she was sick - please don't cough on my room keys and then hand them right to me!  Ate at Javier's, spent a few hours in the top notch spa facilities and played a couple rounds of of Black Jack.  A perfect place to base your Las Vegas trip, on the more desirable part of the strip away from most of the crowds.  Only hitch is our tv/music wasn't working in the room - but who's there to stay in the room anyway?
4	Beautiful hotel, huge.Service - great, friendly, consistentFood options - goodAtmosphere- good for conventions/familyRooms- huge, all rooms corner view, views and technology are great.Location - on the strip, perfect. Like the hotel but didn't love because was a very corporate vibe and a little too large fort liking but overall a good property.
4	Loved this hotel. Really enjoyed the view with the curtains opening automatically when you open the door and the view was amazing. I really liked the combo bath/shower and double sinks - super convenient.The concierge asked if we were celebrating anything (which we were) and she extended our check-out time to noon (yay) and I received some goodies in our room for my birthday. I recommend leaving your bags in the car if you are checking in before their check-in time. Our room wasn't ready early so they text us when it was. They gave us the keys ahead of time so when we received the text we could just walk into our room and not have to wait in the line for check-in again.Only downside to this stay was the usb port technology. We couldn't connect our phones to play our music throughout the room which totally sucked. We didn't have enough time to call for service as we were getting ready to head out to a concert. Wish it would have worked - we spent probably 30 minutes trying to figure it out ourselves.All in all, I'd definitely recommend this hotel.
3	We stayed here with a group of friends this month. This was my second time here, and the second time was just as good as the first one. The food is amazing here, and the rooms are great as well. My husband was pretty irritated at the fact that they wouldn't upgrade us. He booked four rooms the weekend before- then came back with our group and we had booked 3 rooms with them. They wouldn't give us any incentives or perks for the returned business.Overall the hotel is nice, rooms aren't huge. It's a boutique feel. The location is great- and my favorite is the Buffet.
4	Base room with city view is great.  Bed is super comfy and bathroom is spacious and luxe.  City view is really nice.  The electric drapes are cool once you figure out how to work the !@&$!? controls.  Check-in is relatively quick for Vegas standards and the check-out is a breeze.   The casino is nice, the restaurant options are great and location is convenient to Cosmo, Monte Carol, Planet Hollywood, Bellagio and Caesars.
1	Horrible check in process. So slow and over 100 people backed up on a Monday in May. They should plan staff based on arrivals. Huge waste of time and no apologies or comps for over an hour to check in
3	This review is strictly about the sports book and the sports bar right outside of it!!!  The sports book here is awesome!!! Love the comfortable chairs and the atmosphere!!! The staff inside the sports book is really friendly!Now about the bar outside... We decided to go to this bar to order drinks. After sitting down, we inserted money into the poker machines and not long after was approached by the bartender John. He informed us that to have drinks comped, even if you were gambling, you needed their MLife cards. So we told him that we would like them and he radioed the information to someone that sent two hotel reps to get us signed up! They explained that you had to accumulate so many points while gambling that would later translate into how many comps you would receive. I didn't really understand all of it but figured I will get on the website when I return home to read it over. Mean time, our 2 beers were comped... We continued playing for awhile longer and my boyfriend ordered another beer, also comped. Now comes the reason for the three stars... There were two older men playing the machines to the left of my boyfriend. Apparently they were under the assumption that they would not be charged for their drinks since they were playing the machines. So the man on the far left was extremely upset when he was presented with a bill for the grey goose drinks he had ordered. This is when John, the bartender who had been joking with them earlier turned on him. He was completely rude when telling him that it was hotel policy! The man got up and left right after. The man sitting next to my boyfriend said something to John and received the same treatment and left. When we asked if everything was ok, John's response was " they aren't my friends, I don't know them and I am not going to lose my jobs for them.  A couple minutes later, we decided to order a couple of shots of Patron, indicating to John, that we knew that we would be charged for them! And when we received the bill, we soon realized why the men were so upset!!! 2 shots of Patron $32!!! I am a bartender and this price is ridiculous!!! Still not his fault, he doesn't make the prices.... However my boyfriend decided that he wanted one more beer. John looked at the machine in front of him and, pretty nastily asked" are you still playing?!!! " his tone was extremely rude and I felt my boyfriend, who is pretty even tempered, tense up!! His reply was yes and while John went to deal with some people he obviously knew or had waited on before, my boyfriend inserted a few more dollars into the machine!! He got his beer and when John turned away we moved over to the casino!!!  We will probably be back in the future, but if John is the bartender, we will probably drink elsewhere!
5	After going to Las Vegas 10 times, I finally found my spot.  This hotel just had a different feel to it, and the location is great right next to the Cosmo and Bellagio.  The rooms are very modern and spacious.  I love closing the blinds with the remote control.  The servers and staff at the pool were attentive and fun.  There are only two things I would change, the elevators are in the center of the buidling and since the building is long it might be a 10 minute walk to your room.  Also, the check in took way too much time.
3	My sister and brother-in-law were visiting without their kids so it was a perfect time for me and my husband to take them to Vegas.  I chose to book at Aria because it's relatively new, and we've never stayed there before.  When trying to find Aria's self-park garage, use the Mandarin Hotel as your landmark.  Once you turn in that corner, you will see the signs to Aria's parking.  We were able to park close to the elevators but the walk to the check-in desk was really loooong....it was on the opposite side of the parking garage hotel entrance.   Upon entering the hotel from the parking garage, walk to your right to reach the lobby...it's a relatively shorter walk.  There was a long line at the check-in desk but it moved pretty quickly.  We were assigned a room on the seventh floor.The website claims the hotel room greets you as you enter the door -- the lighting and the window shade open, the music starts playing.  Unfortunately, none of those happened when we entered our room.  And it truly was unfortunate because we didn't realize the blackout drapes didn't work until we were getting ready for bed at 2am.  We called for service and were told somebody will come shortly.  We fell asleep waiting for service that never came.  Come morning, I couldn't go back to sleep because it was too freakin' bright!  We called for service again.  Someone from the service department immediately called us back and apparently, it was the first time they received the work order!  A technician came a few minutes later.  He was unable to repair the broken mechanism on the spot, but he offered to manually close the blackout drapes so we were still able to sleep some more.  He also arranged a time when they would come back to fix whatever needed to be fixed.  To his credit, he was very polite and professional.  And they did repair it as promised.  They even gave a courtesy call to make sure we were still amenable to the scheduled time.The room itself was spacious. There was a mini fridge which we couldn't use for our personal stuff (unless we pay extra!) because everything in it had a sensor that if you so much move an item, it automatically charges your account.  They had plush robes provided but it would have been better if they provided slippers as well (especially since my bro-in-law forgot to bring his own!).  We brought our own toiletries so it didn't bother us that they didn't have toothbrush and toothpaste in the bathroom.  I was surprised that they didn't have a coffeemaker available in the room.  I guess they wanted people to buy coffee from the in-house Starbucks where the line was always loooong.  The beds were comfortable, and I totally loved the pillows!  My husband's hip injury got worse with all the walking we did in Vegas so he called the Fitness Center to inquire if they had foam rollers.  They had them so he went there to do some floor stretching using those rollers.  He didn't bring any workout shoes but I appreciated the staff's flexibility in still allowing him to stay when he indicated he just planned on doing some floor exercises.    We were also able to use Aria's pool facilities.  We were surprised they didn't have shower facilities in the pool area.  There were plenty of available poolside lounge chairs.  I wasn't happy with the poolside food and drink service though because come lunch time, I only saw 2 servers serving the entire pool area, one on each side.  It took me over 30minutes just to flag someone down.  My husband said earlier in the morning he was approached a number of times just to ask if he needed anything. I think they should assign more staff during peak hours. I was able to print our boarding passes through the Concierge.  I had to wait in line a bit because there were only a couple of staff members available, but the person who assisted me was genuinely nice that I couldn't help but not be mad.  I wanted to try checking out by text but I remembered we had some resort credit so I opted to check-out over the phone to ensure all charges and credits were accounted for.  We didn't encounter any problems with check-out. Overall, our stay at Aria was just okay because it fell short of my expectations.  With so many hotels to choose from, Aria needs to get things right the first time every single time if they want repeat customers.  And since they didn't quite get it right, I'll be looking else where on my next visit to Vegas....unless they have an unbeatable deal price-wise.
4	My husband's favourite casino.
5	I've stayed in just about every hotel in Vegas . I'll tell you this is the best. Best restaurants , coffee shops and rooms. People are right no coffee maker in your room and you can't fill you min bar with your food. If that's how you roll stay at Luxor. Go and enjoy the food in drink in the hotel. Who wants to have coffee in the room with powder creamer eating subway. Get your $$$ out !!!enjoy !!'
5	By far one of my favorite hotels and casinos!!!Seriously as good as it gets.  About six months ago I had some friends in town and we stayed here.  The rooms are beautiful as can be.  Everything is remote operated, which made for some laughs trying to get the curtains closed and the lights off at bedtime.  The place is clean and beautiful and I love the decor.  Very classy, very Asian inspired without being overwhelming.  They have a beautiful water fountain wall near the Valet that is worth seeing, even if you don't valet a car.  I love everything about this place!
5	I've stayed at Aria over 10 times and always find myself going back. The level of customer service I receive and the cleanliness of the hotel/casino are always perfect. I love the selection of restaurants especially the new 550 pizza. Highly recommend over Cosmo and Planet Hollywood.
3	Nice room. Nice view. But, I was expecting more. I appreciate that I was able to skip the insanely long check in line to use the "invited guests" desk - due to my M Life Platinum status - but that's the only special I received. The receptionist was all business and, as far as I could tell, I wasn't given a room upgrade.
5	Nothing to dislike about this place. All if the pools, restaurants, and activities are above and beyond.Rooms are clean and very welcoming!! I would suggest this place over any of the big names on the strip any day..
4	Loved all of the modern amenities, the service/staff, and the bed was amazing! Onl downside was that for me, the location is not ideal.
4	I was staying next door at the sister hotel, but I wandered all over this Hotel.  There are beautiful gardens and art works all over the place.
1	Sunday on April, 13-14. I went to a high limit baccarat room at about 3-7:15am, (4+ hours of play). Then I "color up" chips. Within 4 hours I had "color up" chips. total $10,750 chips. I was tired and did not cash out then went back hotel room to rest up. That afternoon (Sunday the 13th of April). I went to a different Casino called Wynn Casino to watch a show. Before the show started in that Casino. I asked the dealer if I can play the chips that I used in the other Casino because I didn't have cash in my pocket. The dealer said I could cash out. The dealer also said to me that I need to go to the cashier to cash out. I went to the cashier and ask for sure if they accept these chips. The cashier said they accept these chips from Aria Casino. The cashier called by phone to Aria Casino to verify the chips for about a 15 minutes. After the phone call, the cashier told me to go back to Aria Casino to cash out. The cashier offered me to cash out my two $25 chips here. I told them I didn't want to cash it here. The next day at 8 pm ( Monday, April, 14-14). I went back to where I stayed at (Aria Casino) to cash out from the chips I played before. Some manager told me that I cannot cash out with these chips. I asked why I couldn't cash out. In reply, the manager told me that I couldn't cash out because that manager said that he did not see me play at Aria that Sunday morning. I called my friends that I went playing that Sunday morning to give that proof that I did play. My friend came and talk to the manager and still didn't believe it and told me that I still couldn't cash out. Then another manager Jennifer came up to fine out what's going on. She asked if I had tried to cash out at the Wynn Casino Sunday night. I told her yes, she was very upset when she asked me that. Jennifer told me that she saw me buy chip about 1-2 grand to play, but didn't see me "color up" Jennifer asked if I remember if I had  "color up" at that time. I said that I didn't remember. I straight up told her that I played 4 hours which is from 3am -7:15am and asked her to check the cameras from around that time I gave her. At first she said that she won't check the cameras. Jennifer asked if I remember the time I play, then she will check the cameras. So my friends was also with me and help me try to remember really hard what time I had "color up". I told her Jennifer that  about 4-5 in the morning I had "color up". Jennifer went to check, but she still didn't see me play there. Jennifer asked me one last time to really remember what time I had "color up" or she won't check anymore. So  I asked Jennifer since I can't cash out anymore can I still use these chips to play. In reply, Jennifer said I still use these chips, but cannot cash out. So I went back to my room with my friends to really remember what time I had "color up" because again she told us to really remember one last time or she won't check anymore. My friends and I really try to remember, but nothing came out of out minds to what time I had "color up". Then I called all my friends to tell them about my story. After I talk with all my friends. We went back to the cashier and try to cash out again. The cashier called the manager Jennifer. Jennifer asked me why did all of  my friends went with me and came all at once this time because it's all going to be the same story. My friends asked Jennifer if these are the chips are actually from this Casino and she approved that these chips are from this Casino, Aria. Jennifer keep saying that she still didn't see me play. My friends asked Jennifer  to check the cameras to see if I did play which she says it may take about 4 hours. She asked to give her some time to take a look at the cameras. I agree to give her time to take a look at it over. After at about 4 hours period of time she called me and say that she still didn't see me play. So now all I can think of is to call the police. At about 2:30am, I use the phone at the hotel where I stayed to call the police. Security of the Aria hotel came instead of the police. I ask the security why did they came instead of the police. The security asked if anything is wrong. So anyways I told them same story. I said that if this problem cannot be solve then I will just have to call the police and the news to tell them my story. The security took photos of all of my chips, myself and my friends for evidence. Security asked that if they can cash out my chips, then will I still call the police and the news. I reply, if security can cash out my chips then I will not call. The security asked me to give them an hour to solve this problem then they will call me back. About 1 hour later there's another person called me to ask me to come down to the cashier to cash out. I'm really angry and frustrated about all this happening at this Casino. I can't imagine what kind of Casino this big would do something like this. I've gambled at other different Casinos for years, but never seen a Casino like this.
3	The hotel rooms were nicely sized and clean.  The casino was a good size and some places to eat and go out, but not like the other casinos on the strip. Good central location on the strip, but you still need to take cabs everywhere unless you are a big walker.
2	Let's start by saying I am not a huge fan of Vegas. I don't smoke and I don't gamble. My husband had to present at a conference and wanted me to come with him. The resort is very beautiful and we had a very lovely view from our suite on the 33rd floor. The resort got my name incorrect on the account despite my husband put it on the reservation. My name is Kimberly and they listed me as Kira(?) not even close. This did cause a problem when I tried to charge my breakfast to the room the day my husband had to go to conference early. Luckily I had my Military ID that listed him as my husband because I had not brought a purse with me (no charge cards).The room has all of these high tech toys, that just never worked right. I wouldn't want them in my room but they came with the suite. If you give me a toy and it doesn't work you just lost points. Our TV located in bathroom did not work for the three days we were there despite turning it in every morning as "not working at all" to the front desk! Do I need a TV in bathroom? Not really but you have it in there so it should work, am I right?The volume on the living room TV did not work when we got there and they sent a nice maintenance guy up to look at it. The cable had broken off in some black box thingy that provided the sound. He said it happens all the time but he could put the sound back to the TV and they could replace the cable the following day. If a problem can be described as "it happens all the time" then you have a system failure and the problem should be addressed as such. Different cable, different sound box, educate the cleaning staff, or whatever makes the "all the time" stop! The cable might have been replaced but the sound continued to come out of the TV and was at a good level of sound - this was great because after that the sound could not be adjusted with the TV remote anymore. Now this is becoming a bang head here moment. The light switches at our bedside tables were reversed. I control my reading lamp and my husband' s table lamp. I turned this in as a problem the first day but it was never fixed and I had other things to do than sort out their mechanical mess ups. It is essential when travel to have a coffee pot in our room. We wake usually very early as we live on the east coast and wit the time difference- we can be up at 6am no problem. They call my husband back and said they have no coffee pots??? really? A resort your size and the price we are paying per night for our room and no coffee pots! Someone should go shopping for a few Keurig coffee pots and have them for guests who ask for them!! That would be a very small investment which would quickly provide a great ROI both in good will and giving the customer (remember us) what we want -coffee if we wake up at 6am. My husband woke at 6:30 our first morning and went to the Skyview suites' lounge and was told he could go out to Starbucks or another coffee place. My husband had his robe and slippers on??!! Who trains these people?! Did he look like he was dressed forgoing out in the main area of the hotel. It was bad enough you were making him come down 33 floors for a cup of coffee.The casino area was pro-ported to be a special area that even if someone was smoking the indoor air quality would be just fine. I am allergic to cigarette smoke - it was most unpleasant and cigars are always the worse. They should confine all cigars to a cigar smoking area, don't let them just walk around with them. Housekeeping did a wonderful job - everything was spotless. The turn down service was excellent. The furnishing were nice. The bed was very fluffy and the pillows were comfortable. The view was breath taking. The water and apples were nice in the Skyview Suite lounge. I don't drink soda and they had no limes for the Sparkling water. Maybe I am just getting spoiled in my old age but I have stay in as nice or nicer suites for a lot less money. I want coffee when I want it! And in my room, not 33 floors below me. I do not like cigarette or cigar smoke period.They escort you to your room -this is a frequent comment that people are impressed by. They need to get out more often, most places we stay do this. I am turned off by people who have to try to impress you. I wouldn't stay here again and I won't be back to Vegas. For the Aria our room number was 33022 so maybe you can get the problems with the TV and bedroom lights fixed before you put anyone else in there.
1	Just got back from here. Stayed Thursday-Sunday and would NEVER, ever stay here again! Terrible service. Extremely rude employees who obviously hate people and their jobs. And the longest lines ever, everywhere and for everything!!! Oh, and there was a blood stain on the wall in our bathroom and gross stains on the carpet in our room. Unacceptable for the prices they are charging. You can stay in far better hotels in Vegas -- Bellagio, Venetian, Planet Hollywood...  anywhere!  A snippet of some the terrible service we received:  1.) The taxi line took over 30 minutes- unacceptable. I ask the "director" if it usually takes that long (so we can plan our days out) He answers so rudely "uh yeah sometimes. i don't know. whatever" are you fucking kidding me??! And you still want a tip. It's ok. I called him an asshole. Which is what he is. a RUDE ASSHOLE.2.) At Jean Phillipe Cafe, where an egg sandwich is $10 bucks (its fine, I get it everything is over priced in Vegas)  I asked politely "what sandwich doesnt have mayo." I don't eat mayo- it's a pretty simple question and request. The MANAGER rolls her eyes at me and says "It's all pre made. They all have mayo. If you dont like it you can eat somewhere else" Uhhhh ok. Way to take pride in your job!!Same manager at Jean Phillippe throws a sandwich on the ground, swears, and kicks it through the restaurant (no joke!) after my friend says she won't accept it because it didn't have egg inside it (like on the menu) and was not acceptable for her. WHO DOES THAT?????!!!! She literally kicked it all the way across the back counter and was visibly angry. GET A NEW MANAGER!!!! She is terrible. What an embarrassment. She should be ashamed of herself. Yeah, the MExican lady with long fake blonde hair. YOU ARE TERRRRIBLE. You have NO business being a manager or working with people !LONNNNGGG lines for everything. Line for taxi (over 30 minutes EVERY time). Line for coffee. Line for food. Line for bell desk.  Line to pick up baggage. A line For everything!!!! What the helll are we paying for??? Understaffed and over priced.Never againIsn't this the hospitality industry???  Be hospitable. This place blows. Total ripoff
4	Was in Vegas for a week for a conference held at the Aria.I stayed in 2 different rooms during my trip because the last half was for my birthday, so I can say that some rooms with the better view actually felt older...maybe just the color schema. Updated technology, comfy beds and great service. The 24 hour restaurant is pretty good. The bake shop has some scrumptious selections including chocolate croissants. The pool has a day club if you like that kind of thing. Right on the strip. Easy to get everywhere. The next conference a few months later I stayed at another popular hotel...I missed the Aria.
2	Let me start out by saying that my room at Aria Sky Suites was incredible.  We had a Aria Suite on the 54th Floor with a view over the pool looking towards Red Rock Canyon.  The layout, size, decor and technology in the suite was awesome.  Lots of automated lights and curtains for the floor to ceiling glass.  The bathroom was easily the nicest bathroom I have had in a hotel room.The restaurants in the hotel that we tried (bar Masa, American Fish, and Javier's) were all excellent (I highly recommend the happy hour bar menu at American Fish).The casino is a little cramped, but I never had a problem finding a table to play blackjack at, so it wasn't an issue.We spent two days by the pools, which are very cool, quiet and laid out nicely.  No complaints there.Here's where we get to the fatal flaw with this hotel, and why I almost certainly will never stay here again.  Service.  Like I said, we stayed at Sky Suites, which is like a hotel within the hotel.  It has a private driveway, private check-in, and private bars and elevator access.  You have a personal concierge, so the expectation is that you are paying for access and impeccable service.  Unfotunately, none of that is delivered.I booked dinner and brunch and car transport reservations a month in advance on the phone with the concierge to ensure all was perfect (anniversary trip).Upon arrival at McCarran, our driver that was supposed to meet us was nowhere to be found.  After three calls to the concierge, who each time swore he was right there, we finally met up with the driver, who proceeded to grunt at us, not offer to take our bags and trudged like a 10 minute walk to where he was parked.At check-in, the bellman took our bags and disappeared, not giving us a claim ticket, so our bags were AWOL for an hour and a half, requiring two calls to the desk to get our bags so we could changed to go out.I had ordered flowers and champagne to be in the room at check-in for my wife, they were there, they were beautiful, and the card was made out to me; not my wife...I had made specific reservations with the concierge to have brunch at Mon Ami Gabi at Paris and I wanted a outdoor table guaranteed.  I was told; done; taken care of.  When we got to our reservation; no reserved table outside.During the stay, every place in the hotel felt understaffed.  Long lines at everything.  Two days by the pool for several hours each day, and we not once could get a cocktail waitress when we needed one, instead needing to get up to go the bar every time.Lastly, and to me, most annoyingly was our experience at the end.  We reserved the car to take us to the airport.  We make a point to get In and Out Burger drive through on our way to the airport when we go to Vegas.  It's literally 1/4 mile from Aria and on the way to the airport.  The transport captain refused to let the driver stop, and told me the only way he'd approve it is if I had a casino host approve it.In essence, the hotel is beautiful, the rooms are amazing, and the service is not close to it. For the price point and the way they market Aria Sky Suites, I expected Ritz-Carlton like service.  I got the exact opposite.
1	HORRIBLE customer service. NEVER staying here again. I was SCAMMED AND OVERCHARGED at Aria. Basically the Aria's policies were made up by incompetent people who have no way of ensuring that their guests aren't protected against wrongful charges on their accounts.Let me start off by saying, I NEVER order room service at hotels. Why would I do that when there are thousands of restaurants across the street? I never ordered room service the ENTIRE time I was there, but that didn't stop Aria from charging me room service! Not at all!They knew I did not order any food directly to my room. But apparently a person, two floors below us, ordered room service and told us to charge it to OUR ROOM. HOW IS THAT EVEN LEGAL OR POSSIBLE? How can you just tell the hotel to charge your room service to any random room who isn't even receiving the food? So at the end of our stay, we were shocked to see charges of over $200 on our account. We called Aria, and they explained to us SOME RANDOM PERSON charged room service to our room, even though it was delivered to a room two floors BELOW us. They said they would not transfer the charges to the OTHER room because some random stranger told them we would be paying for everything. LOL. AMAZING POLICIES!!!! If you would like to scam someone and get away with it, you should stay at the Aria! We would not let them go on the phone due to this absolutely ridiculous policy, and they said they would get BACK TO US TWO DAYS LATER. Yeah, right. Management is disgusting and they should know better than to let their guests be scammed.
1	Horrible hotel. Oh god this place is awful. Will never ever stay here even if someone paid me to. I almost died staying at this hotel. Literally!This place is cheap, disgusting and dirty. It has disaster written all over this place. 2 years ago, their water was contaminated with some bacteria. Effing disgusting. I do not need to cite this because there is thing called google. Try typing "legionnaire bacteria and Aria" ! Effing disgusting!
4	Stayed at Aria on the 24th floor in a king suite with city view in April of 2014.We drove in from the Grand Canyon and my GPS brought me to the back of the hotel which also had a valet. Happily there was no wait at  all and the valet was just standing there waiting. It was a short walk across the casino floor to the check-in. The check-in lines were long and moved fairly quickly. It would have been nice to have some kiosks for guests who have visited the hotel beforehand, although not for me because I needed a map! I was surprised by the amount of money they hold on your credit card for each day stayed. I specifically book hotels on a credit card that has a low limit in case my CC number makes its way into somebodys pocket. This unexpected charge nearly put me over my limit and there was no mention of it when booking the room online thru their website. The room was fantastic. One of the nicest I have ever stayed in. The technology integration was great, there was basically an A/V wall for the TV so you could plug anything into it. Bathroom had a tub separate from the shower which was just lovely. The mini-bar was full of fancy items that were set on timers. I wish there was just a little space in there for a bottle of water. The major downfall of the room was the fact that there is no in-room coffee maker. Every morning I would wait on a loooong line at Starbucks for morning coffee and tea.We dined at Starbucks, the patisserie, Todd English PUB, and the buffet. We always found chairs at the pool however Friday we got there early, and it filled up by noon. The one pool that is close to Liquid their day pool club had way too much noise. The music from the club overflowed and mixed with the music from the normal pool which made things very annoying. We prefered the pool nearer the bar. The poolside service was good during the week but on Friday it felt under-staffed, hopefully there are more staff on Saturdays and Sundays.The gym was really great. Just like any gym it gets packed in the morning. Plenty of machines and kept very tidy with towels, water and sometimes apples. The key here is to grab two bottled waters when you leave for your hotel room. Their free!The spa was very lovely. Even though it was busy it didn't feel crowded. The co-ed areas were nice and the separate areas were even nicer. The mineral pool could have been a little bigger but it had a good view of the other pools as it sits on a ledge. The sauna and steam room were really big and the hot and cool tubs were a nice touch. My massage was great and the masseuse was very professional in accommodating my requests. The bell service helped us out big time. Our flight was a red-eye back to NYC and we had checked out of the hotel 9 hours before that. They checked our bags at the bell service so we could go to the spa. When it was time to get a cab to the airport they retrieved our bags and hailed us a cab. Even better was he let us skip the line of people waiting for cabs at the cab stand and hailed us one right in front. I gave him $5 and wrote the website about their great service.The Wifi... it     was      slow. Painfully slow. Of course you could pay more money for an upgraded connection. That is some balls. Net Neutrality took a punch to the gut at the Aria. At a 5 star hotel you expect the WiFi to be included and halfway decent. What am I paying the resort fee for?Overall there are very few flaws, having to go to Starbucks, sound pollution from the club pool, and holding money on your credit card were my biggest peeves. I came here on a personal recommendation, and I would suggest you check it out.
5	I have been here 3x and love it.  I play poker and wife does the pool with the girls.  Great poker room and no shortage of donkeys (me included) .  Love it and will be back
4	Me and my family goes to this hotel every time we go to Las Vegas and the rooms are just so stylish. They have great restaurants and their Cirque Du Soleil, Zarkana is just so much fun to watch. The pool is sometimes a little too crowded but it's really nice after all, and the casinos are a tad bit smoky and I don't want to breathe in cigarette smoke.
5	The Aria has done what many businesses fail to do - effectively deal with a complaint from a customer and then turn that customer into a loyal lifetime client. A few years ago I had a very specific issue with the hotel and wrote a complaint to the VP while highlighting all of the positives. I was extremely impressed with the response and it kept in the back of my mind. Fast forward 2 years and I was back in Vegas for a Bachelor Party and while most of the guys were staying at the Cosmopolitan I reached out to that VP to see if they could win me back. Did they ever.... it was an amazing 5 days at the Aria. As expected all of the restaurants were amazing, the room was beyond expectation and the service on all levels was what you expect from a top notch hotel. They have earned my trust and I will stay at the Aria from here on out. Now big deal you might say. Well I do go at least once per year and more importantly, the entire bachelor party group was so impressed with the Aria that we slowly started spending more and more time there instead of the Cosmopolitan. End result - a large group of professional men who all mentioned they'll stay at the Aria the next time they are their with their partners - pretty impressive work Aria and Mr. Berry!
1	Whatever happened to customer service? After driving for nine hours in traffic due to an oil and carrot spill on the I-15, I finally arrive. I get out of my car, and it turns out there's no luggage service on this side of the hotel. Great. So I walk my tired and sober ass over to the other side of the hotel, only to be greeted by a pissy front desk girl, whose time I'm obviously wasting. She barely makes eye contact as she curtly tells me the city view room I had booked is not available. But for the inconvenience, I'll be credited $50. Fair enough. I make my way up to the room, where the control unit is not working. I call front desk, and the same ray of sunshine answers. Me: "The control unit is not working."Sunshine: " Siiiiiiiighhhhhhh...did you try the remote control?"Me: "No, but I think someone needs to fix this."Sunshine: "Ok, siiiiir. I'll send someone up. Can I be any more of a rude *unt this evening?" Ok, I made the last sentence up. But you get the point.I've never had a front desk person be so enthusiastically rude like this, so I called a manager. But of course, he/she is not there and I can only leave a message. Probably one of a few thousand they ignore on a nightly basis. And as you can all guess, I never receive a call back. Oh, and the room was a disabled access(?) room, so you can't stand under the shower head without bumping your knee on the little chair. So that was awesome.Next day, I get moved to a city view room, which actually has a worse view than the standard room. And I also call hospitality to see if I can get some utensils. They wanted $1.50 per utensil. Nickel and dime, much? On Sunday, I finally check out, only to find out the $50 credit had magically been forgotten. So I complain, and find out that it was applied towards food and beverage. And I had also been charged $43 and tax for a Grey Goose bottle I moved in their fridge. If I had that credit, shouldn't it have been applied to the Grey Goose I didn't drink? When I mentioned that Sunshine never mentioned the $50 being a food credit, I was given my money back. And I also asked to speak to a manager in person, and all I got were a few disingenuous sorrys and nods. Worst $600 ever spent. Whatever you do, please do not give them your business. They do not know the definition of hospitality.
3	Update: Aria finally did give us a refund for the extra $200 on our account. However, I'm still shocked that something like this could happen in the first place and how they were reluctant at first to remove the charge.I'll now go on to review my stay at the hotel. First of all, check in line is LONG and looks like a line in Disneyland. Never in my life have I seen a hotel with such a long and slow moving check in line. Fortunately we went to the "invited guests" desk where there was no line, but they informed us our rooms were NOT even ready. It was 2pm. What the hell?? They said wait would be at least 3 hours. This was absolutely ridiculous because it's not like they weren't expecting us. I've never had to wait to enter my hotel room. MAJOR red flag.After eating at the awful pastry cafe in the Aria casino to kill some time (we were starving as well) we decided to gamble a little bit. The machines are nothing special and the casino is pretty small. Finally, after about two hours we were notified our room was ready. We had a room on the 26th floor. There are 3 elevator sections you may enter to get to your designated hotel room and the set up must have been created by someone who did not pass high school. The FIRST elevator section is for 1-15 (something like that) the SECOND is for 40-49, and the LAST is 16-39. It doesn't make sense?? Why are the numbers out of order??When we got to our room, i thought it was a pretty standard room for a 5 star. Beds were big, bathroom was nice, and we had a great view of the strip. Disappointed that they no longer provide slippers though! Also, the one thing that I truly was annoyed about was the TV!!! The remote would NOT work unless you nearly walked up to the tv. My relatives in other rooms also had this exact same problem so it wasn't like my tv was faulty. They need to update their systems. The gym was very nice and they provide you with towel service, cucumber water, and there are also lockers for you at the front desk. They charge you automatically $25 everyday for the gym whether you go or not (yeah, I know..) so you better make it worth your while!All in all, the Aria could have been a lot better than it was. I don't think it's deserving of a 5 star hotel title and I'd rather stay at somewhere a little pricier for better service and amenities.
1	Hotel is a rip off and will post bogus charges to your credit card!! I booked travel through a discount travel agency. While checking in, I was informed that they could not find the reservation, but would take care of it. After returning home and reviewing my credit card charges, I was shocked to see that hotel charged their room charge on top of the charges that I paid through the discount travel agency!! I never authorized these charges!! I have been charged more than double the posted online rate. I was told my credit card was only being swiped for incidentals and never signed for anything!! After calling the hotel they refused to refund the money. I am disputing the charges and filing a claim through the BBB!
2	Not sure it was worth the money.  Let me first start off the rooms are the bomb! Probably one of the nicest in Vegas with everything in the room being controlled by computer.  Pretty cool being able to open the curtains to look at the view from your bed.  Speaking of the bed...incredible....haven't slept so well in Vegas ever.So why the two stars?  Price gouging everywhere.  Our plane was delayed so we ended up getting in really late...to late to go looking for restaurants so we ended up eating at LemonGrass.  Food was okay but not worth the price. Great service but the food tasted like PF Chang's....sorry but true.  We walked out 100.00 later and not super impressed (do not mind paying for a good meal).Next day we went to spend the day at the pool.  There are 3 pools so we did not have a problem finding a chair and it was reasonably quiet (it is vegas) but when I asked for a pool menu I about lost it at the prices.....Most inexpensive sandwich was 18.00 without anything with it....drinks were out of control as well.  I know when you stay nice places food/drinks are expensive but to me the prices they ask are not in-line with the experience you get.It was a Saturday so as the day went on the pool behavior was enough to make this red-head blush! I know it's Vegas but there are some things I just do not need to see in daylight (especially if I am sober because their drink prices are ridiculous).  Decided to go up to our room about 4 before I saw things my eyes could not unsee....and seriously questioned if I wanted to get into the pool the next day remembering what I had just witnessed.  We were on the 23rd floor pool-side and I could not take a nap (it was going to be a long night) because the pool noise was so loud.We didn't eat there any other nights after the first night but had some cocktails in the lobby and again WAY overpriced.  In the end I will say this the rooms are fantastic...no problem paying for them but keep the prices down everywhere else....no reason to gouge your guests.  The atmosphere outside the rooms just did not justify the costs.
4	In the context of this review understand that the expectations for a stay in ANY five-star Hotel are very rigid & though our overall experience quite pleasant, we were a bit disappointed by our recent stay despite getting an amazing rate.  Our first room hit the mark for luxury in vegas - Absolutely baller - but the second had a different lay-out, was in a "forgotton corridor of the hotel" & there were oversights in the housekeeping (trash under under one of the chairs) & the room smelled a bit like cleaning solution when we walked in though looked a little less manicured than the previous & some of the amenities didn't work like they had in the first room we grabbed (the night prior).  Overall it was a pretty manageable from an admin point of view (checking-in / Free Self-park / helpful bell-desk) and far less cumbersome than other casino / resorts we've stayed at.  The natural light in the property & the tall vaulted ceilings makes for a less "Vegas-ey" type of experience in a really good way.  The dining options overall were okay -  The Tapas place is extraordinary & the POOL is also one of the best amenities.  Avoid the 20 min trek from the room & 30 min line at the Starbucks on the promenade level by ordering a carafe of coffee to your room!
4	Ok...seriously, can they just stop pumping in all that oxygen into the rooms?  I know they want their guests to be awake so that they can get them onto the casino floor or so that they won't be able to concentrate well when they do gamble, but geez, ease up on the O2 so people can rest.Aside from that, clean and big hotel rooms.  Its got a fridge with a weight sensor so you basically can't use it for yourself.  Bathrooms are nice but we ended up just getting the shower sans bathtub...bummer.The pools are nice except when you go in the afternoon.  Imagine people with their drinks enjoying the pool so much that they don't want to get out.  This translates to murky waters if you know what I mean.  But this is really something that the hotel can't enforce so you're better off swimming in the morning when there are likely fewer golden streams.Overall, location is super and the rooms and pools are nice.  Buffet is nothing special but you're in a central area and you do have  good access to other surrounding casinos with options.
5	Upon arrival for our company trip we each had been assigned the standard entry level mountain view room. I called in advance for a $30 upgrade of the strip view which I felt was reasonable and worth the 30 dollars.We walked in and loved the plushness and decor of the room, soon after their was a short in the electronics (drapes, sheers, lights, a/c all shut down/off after 15 minutes). The front desk offered to send maintenance up to help and because we didn't want to wait around for maintenance we requested a room change. Just before we gathered our bags to move, housekeeping knocked and then immediately proceeded to enter into our room and asked if we needed a feather duster - WHAAAT?. The next room (three doors down) reeked of perfume. The front desk manager then offered an air purifier - WHAAAT? High end looking hotel with low end functioning and service. 1 Star (or O Stars) so far right?So now the decision that we faced was to leave the hotel where our entire company group was staying or get some form of miracle and/or radical change.Get a Sky Suite for impeccable plush pampering. We had a Penthouse Sky Suite (about twice the cost of the standard rooms). There are Sky Suite Villas which are about four times the cost of the standard rooms).  The housekeepers in that building wouldn't even think of barging into your room while you are still in it! Very clean, very light, very bright, very luxurious. Most of the concierge desk associates are knowledgeable and accommodating, as are the the lounge attendants. The housekeepers are the best!Stay in the Sky Suites for an unforgettable experience.
4	I came here for a business trip and really like my room. My favorite part was the tub! However there was this constant buzzing noise near the ac which was pretty annoying. Otherwise the room is large and modern.
5	This is the first hotel I have ever stayed at in Vegas and I was not disappointed! The aria is clean and beautiful and offered an oasis when you were ready to return home after a long day/night in busy Vegas. When first arriving in the hotel it's true there is a line to check in. But their are lines in every major hotel in Vegas. We were checked in in less than 30 minutes by a very friendly front desk worker who upgraded our room view as well as sending a complementary graduation gift to our room (best rice crispy treats ever!). The hotel elevators are not far from the check in desk and run very fast. The room itself was clean, modern and all of our room technology worked great for us. The bed was huge and comfortable, with clean sheets. Oh also, apparently you can have your room cleaned two times a day (which is excessive for me, but maybe some people like that) and the cleaning staff was always super friendly and attentive. In fact all the staff were wonderful except for a woman who worked at the pastry cafe, but hey I can live with one rude staff member. The bathrooms in the room were HUGE. Double vanity sink area with plenty of storage space. The large bathtub is located in the shower which was really cool. The shampoo and soap products they provided were so divine. They smell like citrus and green tea mixed together. It just all felt so fancy.The casino had all the games every casino in Vegas has but it was very clean and did not smell like smoke, which is a plus in my book. Also, the concierge desk at this hotel is wonderful! We must have contacted them a dozen times and they were always friendly, polite, and willing to give different suggestions based on your price range. They made our trip more enjoyable and adventurous! The pools were nice, if a little bit ordinary compared to other things available on the strip. I mean it's kinda hard to compete with a lazy river when you don't have one lol. The one thing that really rubbed me the wrong way about this hotel was the poolside food/drink service. We wanted to order some food for by the pool(because you cannot order food at the bar) and we were never served after waving down at least 5 different servers. Apparently only certain girls could serve certain sections of the pool due to union issues, but we just wanted to be feed. It was weird, we got food elsewhere. It is also important to note that my boyfriend and I stayed here on weekday nights with a significantly cheaper price on rooms. I don't know if I could ever bring  myself to spend $400 plus on a room for one night, or if it would ever meet my expectations for that price tag. But in my experience it was a wonderful hotel that I would recommend to family and friends staying in Las Vegas!
4	I've stayed at a lot of properties in Vegas.  Planet Hollywood was my "go to" because of location and no resort fees, but they changed their resort fee policy and my last experience there wasn't good. Aria is great.   It's clean, the casino is well laid out.  I wasn't constantly lost, which let me tell you - that's a big plus for me.  The staff are friendly.  The room was nice - a few minor issues here and there, which were promptly attended too.  The beds super comfy.  There are TONS of options for food and drink, though I didn't love the patisserie.  We splurged one day and got a cabana by the pool.  They have some specials right now, so definitely look into it.  I would have lasted about an hour at the pool without it.  With the cabana we made it the whole day (though the food menu at the pool was mediocre.)My only complaint about Aria, is I felt SO nickled and dimed.  I you lift something from the mini bar for over 60 seconds you are charged, if you use the mini bar fridge for personal use, you are charged a $25.00 a day personal use fee - ridiculous.  Coffee was like $4.00.  It's just getting ridiculous in Vegas, and I still gamble, so I resent all those extra hits.  That aside, I would stay at Aria again.  GREAT location, accessible to anything you could possibly need, and easy to get around.
1	So I live in Vegas and thought why not go check out the Aria.  That was obviously a mistake I experienced the worst customer service of my life from every employee.  When my friends come visit Vegas I will be sure to tell them to stay anywhere but the Aria and I wont be comeing back
4	Awesome place. Great rooms.
4	I really liked the rooms here, and I loved the fact that I could control the entire room including the bathroom lights from the tablet located next to the bed. A few negatives were room service, I waited on hold 20 mins before calling the PBX operator who connected me to another line where they picked up right away. Also not a fan of the pillows, there were lots of them but after 20 mins of resting your head on one you could feel your head sink to the bottom of the pillow. Overall I would stay here again.
1	Are u kidding???U have to ask for drink tkts. What a f$&@in joke. Get with it man. We spent hundrds of dollars @ u have to ask for drinks or pay??Wtf??
1	Expensive hotel,terrible staff,,specially valet guys and customer service. Is suck..i have been most of hotel in Vegas,this one is the most terrible hotel I ever been..never gonna go back again..terrible experience...extra tips is ,,do not go there..motel 6 in Vegas even got better customer service..
5	Shady rolled in to Aria to begin his highly controversial 8 night -all fun- stay in Vegas. Having stayed all over the strip the past 6 years, Shady was ready to take on M Lifes' top prop. Sitting square in between the ultra quiet Vdara and the ultra raucous Cosmo, Aria fit the bill for the first half of the sojourn. The second half was at Cosmo so the relative quiet of Aria was welcome. Upscale, attractive, with very very reasonably priced rooms for the quality and service, Aria makes the short list of possible returns. Jean Phillipe Patissierie square in the middle of the casino is a BIG problem for Shady and his sweet tooth. Multiple gelato/espresso/chocolate runs were needed to deal with all the ?stress?  Rooms are very comfortable, high tech. People claim to have problems figuring the entertainment system. What? really? These same  people have analog stereo's and tube t.v's as well. Casino is nicely laid out, not a lot of smoke. Shady spent a fair amount of time at the sports book and hit every bar multiple times. Not really a "singles" kinda place, Aria seemed most fit for couples. Pools, all three (not Liquid), were nice and easily accessible at all times. Seems the front pool was a nice mix, the middle pool a little more rowdy(closest to the bar!) and the back pool most quiet. Having Crystals next door is a plus, unless, like Shady,  you decide to take a special someone for a little shopping. Bring the black card. Easily accessible to Cosmo next door, Aria offers a nice retreat in Vegas. Shady and VERY LUCKY guest spent an entire afternoon at the luxurious spa-thai yoga massages, hot stone massages, reflexology, pools, hot tubs, saunas, steams, nice  workout area-it has it all. As nice as Canyon Ranch at Venetian/Palazzo. Shady was very happy with Aria, and puts it right there with Venetian/Palazzo as a go to place with  a lucky guest. V/P, because of the suite-rooms is a better option for groups.Cosmo is still tops for a boys/girls trip.  But you cant go wrong at Aria. Food options are plentiful and Shady hit 'em all !
4	Great Mlife Hotel and Casino.  New and refreshing.  You walk in and you aren't blown over by the 50 year old cigarette smoke.  Beautiful fresh floral decorations throughout the lobby.  I usually stay at the MGM or the MGM Signature and decided to switch it up during my last visit. Rooms are great.  Automated everything.  You can control the blinds from your bed and when you're hungover Sunday morning, that's an excellent feature.My boyfriend got a hair cut and I got a blow out at the salon in the hotel.  Costly, but its all part of the fun!  I think i'd try the spa next time. Knocked 1 star off for the pool.  Understaffed pool area for a Saturday.  There was 2 cocktail waitresses wandering around, extremely busy and it was impossible to get a drink.  I  ended up having to go wait 35 min in line at the outside bar!  Also, get to the pool early, lounge chairs go fast!
5	One of the best hotels on the strip by far. The location is perfect, dead center in the street. It's located in an upscale part of the strip called City Center which is surrounded by luxury stores such as Tom Ford, Dolce & Gabbana and Stella McCartney. Stayed here since a very close friend of mine works in management for MGM Hotels and got me good hookups.I arrived at check in around 12pm and they were able to get me a room despite it being 3 hours before check-in. Staff was very helpful and the line was moving quick. The casino isn't a cheesy, smoke smelling casino like others found on the strip. Although smoking is allowed, you can hardly smell the smoke. The food/drink options are phenomenal! So many places to eat or drink. My favorite was Javier's and Julian Serrano.  Nightlife  there really isn't anything too hip happening except Haze nightclub sometimes. Crowd was fairly good, not many douchebags. Mostly couples and professionals in their late 20's and 30's. Pools weren't as crowded as others on the strip.The rooms are comfortable and very clean. House keeping really does a great job at cleaning your room. Love the technology incorporated in the room, as well as the tub and shower. Room service was also great! Left my room completely trashed one day due to heavy partying, went downstairs to get brunch with a girlfriend and came back it was impeccably clean and she even organized all my clothes/shoes. I called the front desk to give her praise and leave her a tip, she was amazing! I just wish the rooms had more color and a more boutique feel to them like the Cosmo has. The room was nice but it was just full of brown and neutral tones. Pops of color would have been nice.Pros:Elegant, Luxurious, ModernGood crowd Great dining optionsClean roomGood ServiceLocationGreat stores Cons:A bit of a walk to get to the strip Casino isn't as lively Nightlife isn't really popping LONG walk to rooms Water wasn't working on the Sunday I stayed and they still charged me Resort FeeWi-Fi wasn't working on the following Monday and still charged me a Resort FeeGreat for couples and families who want an elegant and modern place to stay and enjoy Las Vegas. If you're looking to party with your girlfriends or have a bachelor party or just want something more lively but still elegant and modern I'd say stay next door at The CosmopolitanUpdate: Management messaged me and comped me my resort fee for the day the wi-fi and water wasn't working plus comped me my room service charges those days. I did not complain at all other than write a review. Great staff!Update 2: Stayed here again over July 4th weekend. Had a small issue and they took care of it ASAP. Ryan Gregory provided outstanding service to me due to the incident. Will deff be returning back!
5	The Aria is probably the SEXIEST Vegas casino/hotel. It's NEW VEGAS at its best. Pros:-Convenient location: smack dab in the middle of the Strip, next to the Bellagio, and across from Paris Hotel and Planet Hollywood-Cirque du Soleil: home to Zarkana, so hotel guests have no excuse not to see one of Vegas' famous Cirque du Soleil shows-Sweet Tooth: JEAN PHILIPPE PATISSERIE!!! Macarons and other desserts are a bit pricey, but hey, it's Vegas. Satisfy your sweet tooth and budget your dinner.-Aria Cafe: Service here can be a bit slow and annoying, but at least there's a beautiful view.-THE ART: One of the most underrated aspects of Aria is the art. There's a couple art galleries and stores and of course, art scattered all across the hotel.
5	Wowwwww! I loooove Aria!! They have such a nice room, I absolutely loved it! It's also pretty close to the strip, so you can pretty much walk to everything.We booked the room using Hotwire, which makes it soooo much cheaper. We got to stay at the Aria during father's day weekend for about $100-ish per night? My bf booked it so i'm not sure the exact price, but I just know that it was significantly cheap! :)The room is veryyyyy nice. Got a nice queen size bed and once you walk in, the curtains automatically open up and you can see your view! We didn't have the best looking view cause we were on the 8th floor, but it's no big deal lol since we didn't spend a lot of time at the hotel anyways.The bathroom is gorgeous too! The toilet was separated with its own little room next to  the sink area. They have 2 sinks to use and they even had a shower area PLUS a hot tub!!! I'm happy that I got to use the hot tub at least one time :) It was very cozy and super comfortable. They have a fridge but it's packed with their drinks / snacks so you don't have any room to put your own stuff in there. If you want to ice your stuff, you can always use the hot tub and fill it up with ice lol.Overall, I enjoyed my stay at the hotel :) Everything was very upscale and they even let you check out directly from your room by using the TV or texting to a certain number. It's very easy and efficient so you don't have to waste any time in line downstairs. Also, the self-parking is far away from the front desk, so I would definitely suggest you to check out directly from the room. Makes your life so much easier! Another great thing about this hotel was the "tablet" that they have in the room which can control the temperature, curtains, call for room service, and change lighting. The tablet itself wasn't in the best condition and some words were cut off but it still worked! I love using it in the morning to open the curtains and get some light through the room :)Aside from the room itself, when you want to get through the elevators to your room, you'll have to show the security your room card to validate that you are a PAYING CUSTOMER, so not just anyone can go up to the rooms, which I think is pretty nice!
3	Oh Aria... I had such high expectations for you and was somewhat disappointed. You made me wait for over an hour to check in to my room on a weekday which was a bad start. Am I stupid or was it hard to figure out how to use the remote control for lighting, curtains, TV, radio etc? Had some trouble figuring it out and the buttons on my controller was really hard to push. Got frustrated and went to the pool and that was underwhelming and not super well maintained. Overall color me unimpressed. There were some pluses. My room was clean, the bathroom was awesome and I liked the city view, but most of all I choose you because of Zarkana which was the highly of my stay. You got me this time, but not again!
4	Love this place but watch your credit card. They always over charge the deposit and had to call front desk. Don't panic. Take a deep breath and settle with the front desk people. I always pay $200 cash deposit now so I don't have to deal with the headache.Wifi is decent.
1	....Sorry the offensive smoke in the casino intolerable...is there something wrong with your ventilation system....and that damned computerized everything in the room....I know you wish you didn't have it, but it's too late, you'r stuck with it....when I pushed the wrong button all the lights in the unit went out...including in the bathroom where my wife was just getting out of the bathtub...that iced it for me...checked out...
5	Aria is my home away from home.  I frequent this hotel on numerous occasions throughout the year.. Besides the many dining options, the spa is a place I typically go to spend the day in complete bliss.. Having Crystals right next door is equally amazing... The beds are COOOOOOOMFY.. Steak and Eggs via In Room Dining was absolutely superb. The Sky Suites utilize Khiels for their toiletries, which is quite nice.  Especially the moisturizer in this dry heat.Everyone is so helpful, and pleasant.. I am not the self proclaimed "aria Princess" for nothing!!It's like Aladdin, and his genie in the bottle.. What ever I want or need, gets done in great time Luxury at it's finest...without feeling pretentious.Have I mentioned how much I LOVE this place?
5	Although I have had billing issues on more than one occasion, I'm still giving this place 5 stars.First, the billing situation.  The first time it happened, they overcharged my credit card $150 for incidentals. Although it didn't affect my bank account, for some this could have been a real problem and it was a hassle to get it removed.  Luckily, they gave me a free night that I was able to use Memorial Day Weekend. The second time, they overcharged us for the mini-bar. $50 this time. They were apologetic and had it removed.  Aside from these two instances, my experiences at Aria have been flawless.First of all, the hotel itself is a modern masterpiece. The architecture is breathtaking and the hotel is littered with beautiful art pieces.  Check-in always seems to be long, but being in a lobby that sexy is never a bad thing.  Employees are somewhat robotic, as they have to be when reciting AAA Five Diamond lingo.... That's ok though. Makes you feel important.  Since I'm a Gold MLife member, I always get an upgraded city view room, maybe one day they will hook me up with a suite. They are pretty strict on upgrades and always want to charge you.  The trek from the lobby to room is kinda far... I always seem to play a few slot machines on the way up to the room!  As you walk by the casino you see Jean Philippe right before you hit the elevator bank.... YOU MUST HAVE PASTRIES/COFFEE/DESSERT here (see my review for Jean Philippe).Elevator banks are watched 24/7 by security.... Makes you feel safe. Elevators whisk you up and before you know it, you're on the top floor. Hallways are long, so if you are lazy, ask for a room near an elevator. I had the pleasure of walking to the end of the hallway.... swipe card near door.... ENTER. HEAVEN.As soon as you enter, the blinds magically open. So cool.  The room is not as big as Encore, Wynn, Venetian or Palazzo but the room itself and the overall experience is what makes this place truly special.  The beds are THE BEST beds you will ever sleep in.... Like you're sleeping on cloud 9.  The room is controlled by a master screen next to the bed and when you're ready for bed, click the GOODNIGHT button and everything turns off and the shades close. Perfect for lazy people.  Don't accidentally push this button while you're mom is in the bathroom though! HAHA! Made for a good laugh.Bathroom is on the smallish side but the way it's laid makes it work to its advantage. The shower is separate from the bathtub, but you have to walk into the shower to get to the bathtub.... It's kinda claustrophobic but kinda awesome at the same time.  The room has upscale mini-bar amenities at upscale prices (LOL) and the desk functionality is perfect for business travelers.  Wi-Fi is average at best, but THE LAS VEGAS STRIP has the worst internet, EVER.The pool, gym facilities are the best in town and there are a lot of great places to eat.  Five50 Pizza is a great place to get pizza on the go.... The Cafe is open late and has delicious food, kinda pricy, but good at the same time.  I haven't been to the buffet but it always looks empty.... Hmmm, have to try that place out sometime.....Soooo, verdict is that this is one of my favorite hotels in Las Vegas..... I enjoy myself every time I stay here and service is superb.  Prices for Aria are on the expensive side, but I always get discounted room rates at $79 and that usually comes with $100 resort credit.  Don't forget the $25 a night resort fee on top of that.  It's all worth it in the end, and if your'e looking to have a memorable Vegas experience, Aria is a sure bet.
4	Very fancy. Smells lovely and you can buy the scent-sticks at the gift store.Extremely crowded. Always.
1	This review is on their customer service, specifically towards concierge and security-lost and found.I had left my ipad charger and realized it shortly after I checked out.I went back to the hotel and the concierge had confirmed with me that housekeeping retrieved it but it will take couple hours to get it to lost and found.I had to leave Vegas so she took down my number and told me security will contact me and it will be mailed to me, free of charge.After not hearing back from them for a week, I called and now the security tells me nothing was retrieved from the room. but I was specifically told that it had been before. He told me a person will be contacting me to start an inquiry/investigation on it on that day.Of course not to my surprise, I dont hear from them so I call back again 3 days later and now the lady in security is telling me she does not know of such procedure of starting investigation and maybe i should try calling back to speak to that guy again....please get your act together Aria in your service area. Its not about the charger. it's about being told one thing and then another the next. and then no follow up. and it's a shame because your rooms and casinos are nice. especially for the price.
5	I'm very impressed with this hotel. I stayed here during spring break and even though it was crowded, the service was awesome! When walking to check in, we were greeted and were personally shown to the desk. Everyone was very nice and accommodated to my request to have a room on a high floor. When we got to our room, I was amazed at the view. Unfortunately, the Aria is set back from the strip a little bit, but we had an awesome view of the city and the lights at night were beautiful. The room was small, but had great extras such as a huge bathroom and blackout curtains. We also spent one day of our trip just relaxing, going to the spa and the gym. We did not buy any spa treatments, but just the day pass, which was great in itself. I think i spent a good hour lying down in the warm stone beds. I was a little disappointed with the pools though. There were about three ( I might be wrong) but they were kind of all the same. Just a round pool. It seems like this hotel is catered to the more mature crowd and for people on conventions. We met people who were there for a pizza convention! With that said, I would love to stay at this hotel again.
5	My first stay at the aria was this past weekend. Everyone was extremely friendly, the customer service was excellent, probably the best I've ever had at any hotel. The room was amazing, the bed was super comfortable and bathroom was exquisite. Every piece of food I ate was delicious and every drink I drank was amazing. The gym was great, they have plenty of free weights and Dumbbells that went to 100lbs. One huge plus for me was the free wifi, whereas other hotels make you pay $15/day for wifi. I can't wait to go back, I highly recommend staying at the aria.
5	the first time i went to Aria, i have a great feeling as i walk into the room, it is not too exaggerating so i can actually feel relax there. i love that their staff is really friendly and boy i love their complementary chocolate they put on the bed.  what i like about this hotel is that they show appreciation to their customer and i can actually feel that they wants to provide the best service to me.  I appreciate their attitude and will definately go back there again; why not, great room, reasonable price, but best service.
2	Visited this hotel yesterday. Although.  It was very clean it wasn't welcoming. It had two floors of stores, but no where to get a cocktail to go. The tram stopped right at the hotel which made it convenient. In the "mall" there was a cool display using water and clear cylinders to create water tornadoes. However a few feet further there was another display that feature two very large white swans that lit up with clear lights. Seemed very holiday to me. As we walked out there was a display of giant icicles. They were real. As they melt it created this water pool that spills over. That was impressive. How do they make those?
3	We were here for couple of days and it was fun. They granted our request for an early check in cause we have a 2 yr old with us. And also gave us a free fridge!!Everything was going fine til we went to eat at the buffet. First there was only one open register for a very long  line of waiting customers who are for sure are hungry. Then when we get to the register there was this not so friendly cahier didn't even smile no greetings no hi or hello nothing...so i was like ok fine whatever maybe he is having a bad day, after that we joined the long line again before we were seated..there was this lady i think one of the hostesses that was there again no hi or hello just asked us how many then she asked the people behind us and said ok follow me..so we followed her she pointed a table for us but my hubby asked for a corner table and the lady just gave us an attitude and keep insisting it was the best corner table that is open (we wanted a corner table for we have a 2 yr old and we don't want to make any inconvenience to other people)..so she didn't even made any effort to comply with our small doable request and then left us hanging. Me being so hungry and getting angry already decided to just get up and go get food. After few minutes same lady came with customer and that customer asked for a corner table and she didn't even hesitated she gave that customer the corner table we wanted!!!i was like ok let it go..now as we are eating..our waitress is cool but there was this guy keeps on talking to her about their schedule how it is messed up and starting to curse saying "this is BS" and he went on and on all i can hear is him complaining and keep saying "this is BS" i can hear them cause they were on the table next to ours...so for that experience i only give this hotel 3 star..hopefully they can train their employees especially the ones in the buffet better customer service. But we didn't let that incident ruin our vacay..
4	Salvador the awesome dealer! Just what I would expect from Aria!  Very friendly staff oh and the chick working the zarkana wheel  you're cool talking smack about all dem hookers just outside!  Sure made my vacation worth it!  I had doubts about being placed on the 54th floor but the elevators were smooth and quick!  Great service , nice rooms, and friendly staff!
5	Be prepared to be treated like royalty here! My bf & I recently stayed at Palazzo last month which we loved, but after staying at Aria's tower suite for EDC weekend, Aria is our new favorite hands down. It's a huge suite and we got the 2nd highest floor on the building (53rd floor) w/ a gorgeous view of the pools, cosmo, and vdara.Check in was a breeze and the staff were very welcoming. The tower suite was so awesome, lights turned on automatically when walking into the room. I like that they also have 2 fridges in the room. 1 is free to use to store your food/drinks like at Rio, the other is pre-filled w/ beverages etc and it will charge you if you take it. There are 2 bathrooms in here, 1 in the living room and the other in the master bedroom. The bedroom is frickin awesome! The king bed was really big, plush, and comfy, but they need new colored sheets cause the brown isn't very romantic LOL. There were lots of pillows and they were goose feathered which I love because it's so soft. Anyway, the bathroom in the bedroom is so cool w/ dual sinks, a nice jet bathtub, huge showers w/ a giant seat inside, AND the best toilet ever. Yes, the TOILET PEOPLE. It's like one of those toilets in Japan that washes your butt for you!!! It was our first time using it and I really wanna get one in the house now hahah. It even has a seat warmer on the toilet and you can adjust the temperature. -There's tv's in the living room, bedroom, and bathroom. It was nice to be in the jet bath tub w/ bath salts watching tv-They provide toothbrush & shaving kits here!-The lotion, shampoo, body washes were good quality. Didn't leave my skin feeling dry. Loved the green tea citrus shampoo!!The room is very high-tech, loved that the little "ipad" by the bed controls the ENTIRE suite, not just the bedroom. It controls the temperature, tv's, lighting in the restrooms both in the bedroom and living room, etc. The a/c filtration system in here works beautifully, never felt dry or anything like at the cheaper hotels. I loved the bathrobes and slippers provided as well. We used the fitness facility and pools which were really clean. The fitness facility had everything your local 24/LA fitness would have EXCEPT stair masters :( They provide you w/ towels and water bottles as well as apples at the gym here. Next to the gym is a nice fireplace area that you can chill at, it's really tranquil. The pools are are great, we got to soak up sun w/out being bothered w/ lil kids running around. The jacuzzi was bigger than the typical normal circular ones. It was more like a big oval, which was nice 'cause I like my space and it didn't get as hot. There are multiple pools here and the crowd is more mature.I love that everytime we call for room service/front desk they greet us by our last name. Speaking of which, the room service here is fast. Another nice gesture is we told the front desk it was our anniversary and they surprised us by having room service give us complimentary ammenities! I seriously felt so pampered here, the room was clean and free of any bugs. I highly recommend Aria because of the great location, professional service, and 5 star rooms. It's really relaxing coming back to this comfy suite, it was sort of like going home.
1	I was excited to stay here because it's one of the newer hotels so I assumed it would be very nice. To my surprise it was a nightmare for me. Check-in was long and they were having complications with their system. There's nothing worse than a long check-in when you are ready to go see your room and have some fun. Getting to the room it was nice, but the first think I noticed was a flickering light bulb when you first walk in. I let house keeping know and she said she would send someone right away. I said that's fine let themselves in.(we were going to the pool)The next thing usually besides checking the bathroom is checking out your view. It wasn't a bad view, the window was just sooo freaking dirty. I don't even know how it could be so dirty as if someone poured something liquid out of a window. So that was aggravating. We shortly decided To go to the pool where they tried to charge my guy friend 20 bucks! I don't know if we went to the wrong pool or whAt, but we told them we had a room key and they still said guys are 20 girls are free.We didn't pay, we just walked right in. Why would we pay? We are staying there!Later on we go back to the room and the light is STILL flickering. What the heck!? It's been hours! And it's one of the lights that is connected to a couple more, so if that one is off the hallway is very dark. So no light. I noticed the phone in the bathroom was dusty, so I started looking around the room and everything was freaking dusty! The nightstand was the most dusty I could write in it. And then, the lamp shade was stained. On BOTH sides. It was disgusting!!!!! I don't even know, I don't even want to know. So I called concierge and I was pretty mad, they said they could send someone up to clean it right away and someone to change the light bulb. Thy told me they could not comp my stay or give me a new room because they were "booked". By this time it was later in the evening and I wanted to go out. So I sated forget it I just want 3 free buffets. So we got them and it was delicious! I do love me some buffet. A few days later I noticed they charged me for the freaking buffets. So I called and if course I wanted my money back blah blah. And finally today I received it back. I even wanted to stay an extra night in Vegas, but all they could do was charge me a room for $80. I was like uh no. Not here. I specifically made a yelp so I can share my experience here. It's my first review and I will never, ever stay at aria again. Too many issues and even more AFTER I left.  Oh yeah and there was glass on the floor when I went to the buffet. Someone could have definitely "slipped and fell". You would think for being a newer hotel it would be a little more clean, but it was actually pretty beat up. Even the elevator buttons are all dinged up. I'm sure people have had great times here. I've seen such good reviews about Aria, but my time was not the best for me.
3	Modern hotel but it feels like an airport inside.  Loud music all day and all night long.  I don't mind it too much as we think we are pretty hip. Long line at poker room.  The service is inconsistent.  The porter lady who helped is was friendly and the porter to the room was super nice ( trained us on the complicated room controls). The valet team was always in a bad mood all 3 days we stayed here.  Maybe because it was 113 degrees outside.  The front desk and cashier areas were super understaffed with long lines.  Overall a good hotel with good rates.  Definitely far from the best hotels in Vegas which remain Wynn and Encore.
2	Room was nice, in spite of being a long long walk to get to.  Check in was unacceptably slow, almost an hour; check out was a bit better but not by much. Then come the billing issues. Waiting on hold forever only to have them pass the buck and blame the bank for not processing a "refund" quickly enough (I thought maybe they shouldn't have made the error in the first place, but they definitely wouldn't accept any responsibility or try to remedy the situation.) Such a drag and totally unnecessary. Ruined an otherwise nice, not great, stay.
1	The room is nice. However, there is no refrigerator! Even a three-star hotel has one. I can't believe this so-called five star hotel doesn't have it! Will never come again!
5	I have stopped in most of the hotels on the strip and this one tops them all. Cosmopolitan ran it close but the pool options, rooms and pleasant staff means Aria edges it. The drinks at the pools are expensive but it's a 5 star hotel and it's Vegas but the atmosphere is first class plus free entry into Liquid for hotel guests. Thank you Aria I will be back!!
5	Definitely the nicest casino in Vegas. Yes, even better than the Venetian and the Bellagio.I love to play poker at the Aria. The atmosphere is absolutely gorgeous! And there is always 20+ tables going on the weekends (and long wait times to boot; but who wouldn't want to play here?)Rooms are expensive, but hey, luxury isn't cheap.
2	This is a nice hotel only because its brand spanking new. I've been twice and it's already aging: the room control screen in our last room wasn't working, the mattress was getting saggy, and the plumbing was making noise. Also, its just not that nice after you really experience it for a few days. There's no where to eat outside (on those rare pleasant Las Vegas mornings that you really should try to take advantage of). The pool has limited hours, and you're not allowed to bring outside food or drink out there anyway. It's downright tacky the lengths that the hotel will go to to prevent you from bringing in outside food (including the staffer interrogating the family with a newborn about whether they were trying to sneak in baby food). They have no recycling or water conservation policy that we could find. And, worst of all, the internet really didn't work. For a pricier hotel, we had much higher expectations.
1	I am so angry about this hotel. I booked the panorama room two month ago for my birthday party. When I arrived the hotel they said they did not have this room and gave me a lower quality room. How can we did not get the room we want if we booked two month ago?! And they did not tell us anything while we arrived the hotel. How can they treat the customer like this.
1	My friend book a panorama room for her 21 B-day party, but when we arrived to the hotel, the room they gave to my friend are totally not match what my friend suppose to have. My friend have been book the room like month ago, and now they just said the room have already been book by another person! What the H! They didn't give any notification during this time,  they just gave us an other low quality room!the service quality is extremely bad to my friend, we are not satisfy on it! Never come to this hotel again!!!
1	I booked a panorama room 2 months ago for my 21 birthday. When I arrived and checked in, the staffs said the panorama rooms were full and were not available, there was no other excuses. They offered me a much smaller room and returned $100 to me. I got really pissed off,I didn't get any emails and notices before. After it, I talked with the managers, and they just said sorry and that's it. What the hell is this service quality?
4	Stayed here during EDC weekend for the first time. It's nice an a lot classier then most hotel. From the hotel itself to the employees to even the guest. Ambiance: nice dark and gloomy. Smells sweet without overwhelmingly scented. Exact opposite of Cosmopolitan, both are very nice new and updated however Cosmo's ambiance is louder. Personally gives me a headache and the scent is much stronger, I think of the color pink when it comes to Cosmo. Room: It definitely isn't cheap to stay. The room was a lot nicer then what I was expecting. It was spacious, everything was electronically controlled. The restroom was amazing. I absolutely love the bath and shower combo. No fridge for you to sore drink because it's censored. Casino: cool big have all the new a lot machines Food: expensive but plenty to choose fromStore: 24hr store to buy almost everything you need or forget. Meds, pads, exlax hahaCons: it's kind of far from the center strip. Not bad but a definite walk. Pro: room rates include valet however I have a DUI start so I had to park my car and there is a big parking structure that is a short-ish walk to the hotel so definitely is cool.
5	The rooms are fantastic!  Modern, clean, and spacious.  Can't beat it!  You walk in the curtains open up automatically.  You can set them up to wake up with them opening up vs. an alarm clock!  Now that is a hangover remedy.  The lobby, restaurants, location are all amazing.  Enjoy now before it becomes and after thought like all the casino's due at one point.Tips...during busy check ins...you could wait longer than going through security check point at an airport!  During check out...if you see the line...do the express check out...will save you some wrinkles and not ruin your vacation.
5	I dont understand why Aria is 3 and a half stars? It should be at least 5! Second time I'm staying there, and I don't think I can ever stay anywhere else.First lets start with the location, right smack in the middle of everything. The city center is so modern and nice, to me its the staple to Las Vegas. Everywhere I went it was either walking distance or I would grab a taxi and it was never over a 10 dollar tab to get where you want to.Second you valet your car, and walk into Aria, its so nice and clean you know you get your moneys worth staying at a nicer hotel. The reason why I wanted to write this review was specifically because of Michael who works in the Check In/Concierge area. I literally was 5 dollars short on the card since they hold $130 a night on your card, and he literally saved me from being a debbie downer. Pretty much helped me out with everything and was sooooooo kind! All I know is that if I'm going to check in Aria in the future, If i have to wait for an hour to get him to help me check in, I will!Let's get to the room! Modern, chic, and big! I love the technology style room! Can control the room lighting, TV, air conditioning, and curtains with this digital control screen. The bathroom is nice, love the double sinks! My favorite part funny enough is the mattress. I literally slept like a baby! It was as if I was sleeping on clouds! The customer service anywhere in Aria is great! Everyone is so nice and helpful.I just can't wait unit my next trip to Las Vegas!
4	Stayed at Aria for the second time during 4th of July weekend in the deluxe room.  Valet was quick and easy.  Check in as well, although the line did grow significantly after me.  Front desk was kind and courteous however $20 trick didn't work, she was able to "upgrade" me from a regular deluxe room to the mountain view room which was nice, I tipped her but less than the $20 since it wasn't a different room upgrade.  Elevator's were extremely quick, did not have to wait long to get to the room or downstairs.  Room:The room was extremely clean and modern.  I would not say that it feel's luxurious, but definitely felt more so than others.  We did have trouble with the toilet flushing but the service man was at our room extremely quickly and the flush was just unhinged so it was a simple fix.  The mountain view was very nice, we were able to enjoy a nice sunset view, as well as an awesome fireworks display across the dessert during the 4th.  We were able to see the entire dessert lit up with fireworks from a far.  Touchscreen controls were convenient for operating the lights/shades, however it was annoying to operate the TV.  I preferred using the regular remote.  The Aria has one of the nicer showers of the resorts I have stayed at.  The water pressure and temperature were great, and there is also a bath tub inside the same room as the shower, you can create a sauna type experience.Location:Extremely good location with short walks to the City Center, Cosmopolitan, Planet Hollywood, and a free tram that connects you to Monte Carlo (with NYNY nearby), or to the Bellagio (where you can walk to Caesar's Palace).  Tram's are usually there within 15 min of each other.  Pool:There were 3 pools at the Aria, not including Liquid Dayclub.  The pool area wasn't as nice as the MGM or even the Monte Carlo, but it was big, seemed to have a lot of greenery and umbrellas for shade, and was easy to grab some chairs in the afternoon.  You would think a brand new resort would have a pool area more comparable to the other high end resorts but it was definitely acceptable to lounge around and relax at.Food:Plenty of high end restaurants, although limited on cheaper and late night eats.  Jean Philippe Patisserie is a great place to pick up a crepe, pastries or gelato, but it is pricey and is not 24 hours.  The only "cheap" places to eat would be the 24 hour cafe or the pizza place, however the cafe does not have great reviews.  You can always walk nearby to the Cosmo to Secret Pizza or across the street to the Planet Hollywood for Earl's.  Plenty of bars and places to lounge and a drink as well, though there was a line at The Deuce bar/lounge for the UFC fight.Gambling:For this trip me and my gf enjoyed the slots.  We had a good run but in the end the house always wins, but we did enjoy ourselves and service was very attentive in bringing us drinks.All in all, Aria is a great place to stay on the strip for modern and clean rooms, great location, and a nice new resort to enjoy.  I would definitely return again. Depending on the price, you may be able to shell out a bit more and stay at what I would consider the more luxurious resorts (Wynn/Encore, Bellagio, Venetian/Palazzo).  Also, as an M life member you do seem to get better rates than expedia.com.  I seemed to be getting rates that were $20-$30 cheaper a night so sign up and take advantage of that, even at the beginning Sapphire level.
5	Is currently my fav hotel to stay at in Vegas.  People don't believe me but it literally smells better at this resort than any other property in Vegas.  I don't know how to explain it but when you walk in, you get this fresh scent of oxygen that relaxes you.  The rooms are modern and upscale.  Very comfortable and kept up to high standards.  The service is friendly and if you ever need anything they respond quickly.    The property is absolutely gorgeous and I can't wait until I get to stay here again.  You can just tell a difference when you enter this place and I am a Vegas veteran.
5	I stayed at the Aria for my honeymoon and we check in yesterday but the experience has been so great, I had to review it today even though our stay is not yet over. When we got to check in Heather was amazing! She tried to accommodate us as best as she could, and even got us an update to a nicer, larger room on floor 32. As soon as we opened the door, all the curtains opened and we had this amazing view of the city. The bathroom is huge with separate shower and bathtub/whirlpool, the latter overlooking the strip. The bed and pillows, so comfortable. Ok minibar selection. The room is kind of high tech and I enjoy and appreciate being able to close all the curtains and turn of all the lights by touching a sensor without having to leave the bed. Before coming to the Aria I had read mixed reviews but I must say I am very impressed.
1	We usually stay at the Luxor. But, on a recent trip to celebrate my birthday, we decided to splurge and stay at the Aria (which we thought would be the classiest hotel in Vegas with rooms that have the best views). Our room was lovely, but we were extremely disappointed when we noticed right away that the windows were filthy. It seemed that the outside of the windows had not been cleaned in a long time. We have traveled all over the US and the world and we have never had filthy windows in our hotel rooms. What a shock to find dirty windows at the Aria! What a terrible impression that made on us. Then when we went to use the shower, we noticed right away that the water was collecting quickly and not draining. We were standing in a deep pool of water.almost up to our ankles. We realized that the shower floor is completely flat, so the water does not drain. The shower just keeps filling up. When you shut off the water, the water starts to drain very slowly, but it never drains completely. A pool of water still remains. The next person to shower has to step in a pool of chilly water. In all of our travels, we have never seen such a poorly designed shower floor. Common sense tells you that the shower floor should be somewhat sloped to allow the water to pour down to allow the water to drain on its own. Our shower at the Aria should have come with a squeegee for the shower floor so we could force the water to the drain. I ended up pushing the water toward the drain with my feet. What a shock that the Aria has the worst shower we ever used! We were also very disappointed in the way the mini-bar operates. Other hotels have allowed us to remove items from the refrigerator so we could put our own items in like bottled water. The Aria mini-bar is scary -- it knows what you are doing. We were afraid to even look at anything in the mini-bar because we might be charged for it. Also, the ironing board is absolutely ridiculous! The largest part of the board is used for storing the iron! There is a metal iron holder permanently attached to that part of the board making it completely useless. And when you put the board away you have to be very careful or you could bang the sharp metal holder into your shin. There was no need to reinvent the ironing board. If you have to iron a dress (especially a long one), the iron holder makes it an almost impossible job.On a positive note.... the view at night (despite the dirty windows) was awesome! We especially liked the view of the wonderful hotel fountain with dancing waters (unfortunately the fountain was down for repair for most of our stay). We liked the drapes (blackout & sheer). Our favorite restaurant is Julian Serrano -- we ate dinner there twice! We also like Javier's. We loved having dessert at Jean Phillipe, The Aria staff were always very friendly and welcoming. We will definitely visit the Aria again (we love to walk around the hotel and enjoy the public features). But I'm doubtful that we will ever stay at the Aria again.  Someone told us that the Aria is changing ownership or management. If this is true, I certainly hope that some positive changes will be made to bring the quality of the hotel rooms up to the highest standards.
4	I had the chance to stay at the Aria during a business trip. I have to say it was very nice. Everything was automated. The blinds opened and the TV greeted me when I first walked in. The bath was nice and the restaurants were great. I especially enjoyed the Thai restaurant.  It was a bit far from the strip so the British pub was the go to place. In addition, it was close to a number of stores.
3	First the good:  high tech room with a fantastic view.  Control everything through tv including lights and curtains.  Bath was nice, although shower had no pressure.  Fairly quiet, only heard neighbors once, at 5 am of course. Not great: The bed was way too soft and pillows useless. One lamp was broken, one of the two sinks clogged, tv remote would not work from the bed...needed batteries?.  There was also a smell of smoke in the room. I am guessing the neighbors.The bad: We booked a package with two free buffets.  When I checked in I asked about them and was told it was a buffet credit, not free buffets.  She said that meant we had a food credit of $65 and could get lunch the first day and use the rest toward breakfast the next. So that was the plan.  Long story short, I checked my balance and was told the buffet credit was a one time use only so the extra we saved by choosing lunch and skipping drinks went to waste.  I asked to speak with the manager but the young lady spoke with him and said there was nothing her could do.  She was nice, but didn't fix the problem.  I did not want to be "that guy" but I am guessing that being polite did not help me in this situation. With so many hotel choices I would have thought this hotel would have wanted to fix the problem so we would recommend the hotel or return.  Sadly, we wont do either.  Customer service goes a long way.
5	Went to the ARIA for the WPT500. Overall experience was very good. Excellent restaurants and staff.
5	Second too none. This casino will be here 40 years from now and appear new and great as the first day.
4	Me and a couple of friends stayed here in the corner suite w/city view and it was beautiful! The living room was just your ordinary, and so was the bedroom but the bathroom was my favorite part. A whirl pool tub was located near the window facing the city center and a flat screen tv was also located straight ahead so it was a great place to relax. There was also a separate shower and enclosed toilet area. I found the tablet(where you can control everything) useless because they also had buttons and switches that your normally used to, to control everything in the room as well. One thing I like about this hotel was that the staff was friendly and the check in line moved fairly fast. Also, the self parking garage was great because they have a lot of parking stalls though the walk to the hotel rooms are quite a hassle. And another tip, just like any other valet service be sure to call in for your car before going down because the waits ridiculous! The other valet ( not sure if it was the north or west) but on the less busier side of the hotel would be your best bet if you aren't self parking.
4	We absolutely love this place! Luxurious and high tech rooms- the best feature is that you can open/close curtains with one button. The "good night" button also turns off all lights in addition to closing the curtains. The views from the rooms are expansive- whether you're looking out on city center or the desert. The pools are also amazing. It's mainly an adult scene, though there are a few kids. It's very laid back and serene. The staff maintains it well- cocktail waitresses and staff refilling the water coolers are frequent.The restaurants are also high-end and don't disappoint.The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is the lack of interesting slot machines and the drink prices.  Slots are pretty stodgy and basic. Table limits are often at least $15 per hand/roll, though this should probably be expected in a nice hotel like this. The drink prices at the pool are too high- $18 for their most popular drink- a mojito (though they are quite good).We'll continue to stay here as it's out favorite hotel- we just have to budget for it!
4	Nice ambiance and good bar service. Tipping goes a long ways. Our glasses were never empty. Jerry at the roulette table was fun. Definitely will be returning for more roulette!
2	Stains.  That is what I found on the furniture in the room they initially tried to give me.None.  Is the amount of housekeeping on one of the three nights I spent here.None.  Is the amount of service I received at Lift Bar after waiting 20 minutes.MLife Desk = Ruuuuude.  "Didn't I already help you?"Black Jack Dealers: 25% awesome; 25% really good; 15% acceptable; 35% lifeless and/or rudeFront Desk: "I can't hear you unless you flash some cash."
1	No good... I booked 4 rooms with a special price. However, I don't think this is a good deal when I arrived. There are my bad experience below:1. We were given wrong information about the promotion policy by the front desk staff.    - The promotion deal is including buffet when we book a room, the front desk staff said $30 is enough for dinner buffet in this hotel, it is not true.- If we charge the buffet fee into the hotel room, it will be no tax for the dinner. This is totally wrong information.- 2 nights credit can be combined together. It is also not true.**The misleading information cost us extra charges and time.2. The front desk staff gave us a disable room without inform us when we checking in. 3. The restroom door in the is broken.  4. The private light is broken (I don't realize on the first night), the janitor came into our room in the morning before we go out.
5	I admit it, I'm cheap. Not like "oh, I'm going to wait for this to go on sale" cheap, but more so like "oh, this is on sale, but I'm going to wait for it to get marked down and then I'll buy it if I have a coupon" cheap.Being this much of a bargain hunter has its advantages... 1) I can then afford to stay at places like Aria, and 2) when I find a deal at Aria I'm even happier. We scored a great price on our room via hotels.com, and it came with a $75 food/beverage credit that we happily spent during happy hour at Julian Serrano. From check-in to check-out, everyone we encountered was super friendly... from the valet to the front desk to the housekeeping staff. Our room was on the 15th floor and faced the strip... the shower/tub in the room was a-freaking-mazing, I could not believe the water pressure in the shower! It practically shoved me against the wall, amazing. Everything about this room was so nice... the pillows, oh man, those pillows. I'm definitely considering buying some to have at home! The softest bed I've ever slept on, I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud. Electronic window controls, fancy lighting controls, all around excellent. The wi-fi even worked perfectly in our room.The pool was so nice and relaxing (3 to choose from, in addition to a few different hot tubs). My small complaint there is that the restroom for the pool is a mile away, and that the depth of the pools is only 3 feet or so. But we had no problem getting a good spot and there were no screaming kids running around, so you gotta love that. The casino itself is the least smoky of all the ones we hung out in, maybe the smoke is just covered up by that distinct "Aria" scent, or maybe they have great ventilation. Either way, it's appreciated.If I can find a good price on Aria next time I visit Vegas, I will definitely be staying there again.
5	The center suite in Aria is the best room I've stayed in so far in LV.  We were up on the 52nd floor and the panoramic view was unbelievable.  You could see airplanes land and depart.  At night, the view gets even better.  If you have the right amount of income or tons of reward points, the view by itself is worth it.  The room was crispy clean when we entered.  With the suite, you get a bath and a shower.  The bathroom is huge and well lit.  Almost as big as the living space.  I wish I had taken the chance to take a bath with the view of the city.  Sigh.  Now, the bed is insanely comfortable.  It's the closest thing to sleeping on a cloud.  Probably the most comfortable alcohol induced sleep I ever had.  If you have a big party, you could also ask for a cot, since the suite only had a king size bed.  I love Aria.  Definitely get the suite on a high floor.
5	This is my favorite Las Vegas hotel. Coming here is like coming home. It appeals to my husband and I on so many levels. The atmosphere, the smell, the rooms, the food, the drinks! The only negative is that I never win any money here!Our last stay was in a Corner Suite. This room went beyond my expectations. This is a premium room that isn't outrageously priced (and believe me, it can get outrageous at this hotel)! The bed was the most comfortable thing I had every slept in. And the floor to ceiling windows in every room (even the bathroom!) were gorgeous and gave a great view of the strip. I loved the views. The two bathrooms were appreciated, as was the bidet. I know, I like fancy like that. Twice daily housekeeping was a nice touch too.OMG the food at this hotel is just amazing. Sage is always our favorite (see my review for that spot) but the tapas restaurant was a nice experience as well. Oh Aria, we will be back soon!
3	Incredible lack of attention to detail. We requested early check in, got it for one of our rooms. The other wasn't ready, but we were told it would be ready by 3pm. Okay, fine. So we go down to the pool and go back up to our one room around 530. The other room STILL isn't ready. The hotel tells us the past guests decided to stay so they moved us to a different room.... Which, upon entry, WAS NOT CLEANED. There was a subway sandwich left in the room from a previous guest... GROSS. The mini bar wasn't stocked. We had to ask four times for the hotel to send us our complimentary bachelorette gift. Like seriously... Clean up. Besides the disaster that was checking in, the hotel was nice. Cabana was great. Casino smelled good, not stale smokey. However, I don't think id stay here again. Not worth the price, at all.
5	LOVE this place!! Can't wait to go back. Gorgeous rooms and excellent service! Not to mention the fabulous dining options.
1	Going downhill! We stayed here 2 years ago and it was amazing. Now there's no attention to detail. Common spaces aren't as clean, lifeguards on their cell phones, protruding cracks in the cement around the pool. Sad.
1	What a joke. I reserved a non-smoking room and on arrival was informed they only had smoking rooms available. The room reeked of cigarette smoke and the staff was not accommodating at all. I would expect much better service from a "high end" hotel. Save your money and book with another hotel.
5	I'm a hotel whore.  Incidentally in Vegas once or twice a year, I delight in trying new hotels.  I have no loyalty to any hotel, brand or amenity.  This may have all changed.  Meeting a girlfriend in Vegas to celebrate my birthday, she chose to stay at The Aria so I stayed there too to make things easier. Oh, the joys of a modern hotel.  Visible and easily accessible plugs on the nightstand for my phone and Kindle.  A nightstand safe for laptops that is super easy to operate.  A nightstand control panel for damn near everything in my room. Lots of nooks and crannies for storage, suitcases, etc.  Curtains that open and close at the touch of a switch.  No more fumbling with the privacy card as it's just a push of a button.  The complimentary toiletries are NICE (nicer than the ones I brought so I may be squirreling them away for home use).   I got a fantastic summer rate, they gave me a birthday room upgrade and they hotel delivered a lovely box of macarons to my room.The room of beautifully decorated and the bed.. oh, the bed... it will swallow you whole.  I don't have plans until this afternoon so I sit cheerfully on my comfy bed, doing a bit of work and enjoying the gorgeous view.  My room is quiet and the blackout curtains do a wonderful job of letting me sleep when I want to sleep.  There are a couple areas they could improve:  Check-in was dreadfully slow.  I probably waited in line for a half hour.  (To be fair, it was exacerbated by a five hour plane delay...I was quite tired of waiting by that point.)As it hasn't been convenient to go shopping and buy bottled water, I've been drinking water out of the tap and it's akin to Phoenix water.  I'm reluctantly staying hydrated.  The mini-fridge that is stocked to the gills with room for nothing else is irritating (although standard Vegas).  You can request another fridge be delivered to your room but that seems silly.  Just leave me a shelf.     The disinfectant they use distinctly reminds me of my great grandmother's nursing home.  It's a little off putting but only because I have that association. I'm here one more night and it's been a lovely, lovely stay so far.  I'm trying to decide if my family would miss me if I didn't come home...
5	Terrific staff, excellent hotel. Our first encounter with Aria was the valet: Very professional, and a terrific a sense of humor. At check-in we dealt with a woman named Crystal that was very friendly and helpful. Our stay was short, but very enjoyable. We'll be back.
5	This is a wonderful hotel. I loved it and here's why:Comfort: the mattress and bedding were amazing! Modern and stylish design. The modern push button lighting was confusing but there is a master button to turn everything off. Value: everything is expensive here, but if you pack well it helps. There is a walgreens nearby; I suggest shopping there for water and essentials. Service: exceptional! Housekeeping especially. I want to write a letter in fact. I was so pleased with especially one, Tyiesa. She turned my room for me when I was feeling sick. What a wonderful person!! Cabanas: awesome deal on the weekdays! $200 gets you a server in your own private area for the whole day. It is stocked with waters and snacks and fruit and vegetables. Check in: fast and efficient.Check out: a breeze! Convenience: centrally located on the strip.We would visit here again for sure!
4	I came here in May for my best friend's quickie Elvis wedding. This was my first time going to Las Vegas. I don't gamble, I'm not into clubs, I don't really go to shows, and although I love booze paying $15 for a drink makes me sad. So basically, Vegas should be pointless to me in theory. Although I can't compare it to other Strip hotels I liked Aria for my quick weekend trip. Aria doesn't have tigers, canals, volcanos, the Eiffel Tower, or ginormous water fountains like some of the other guys do, but, that's what cruising the Strip is for. Aria is just a straight up a modern and sleek place and it's not too far from all the over the top hotels that are fun to check out. I arrived on a Friday night around 11:30, after my flight was delayed for an hour (THANKS OBAMA! He was literally the reason why my flight was delayed as he was leaving where my flight originated from, so all air traffic was grounded for a 100 mile radius until he left). Although there was a line, check in was a breeze and I was on my way to my room within 10 minutes. I was only on the 8th floor, but, I still had a pretty decent partial view of the Strip and the mountains off in the distance. My room was clean, the floor I was on was quiet, the robes were soft, and the bed was super comfy with a mountain of pillows to nestle in. The only things I didn't like about my room was the crazy motion sensitive mini bar/fridge. It detects when things are moved and will charge you for the item, meaning, you can't refrigerate any leftovers or snacks you brought on your own. I also disliked the terrible ironing board as mentioned by another reviewer. I spent 45 minutes attempting to iron my tea length bridesmaid dress, the built in iron holder was a huge pain in the ass to work around. Here are my tips:Be sure to turn on the privacy light when you're in your room even if you think you'll be out of your room early. Housekeeping comes earlier! With my room being so blissfully quiet I was scared awake by them ringing my doorbell in the morning and it was definitely before 9 am. That was pretty much the only sound I heard in my room during my entire stay.Aria is on a huge property that is part of the City Center. Expect for it to take a million years to get across the property. If you're lazy or easily disorientated, maybe stick to hanging out at the Lift Bar. It's right next to the guest elevator banks that go to the rooms. Lift Bar has a lounge singer, it's a prime spot for people watching and it's open 24 hours. Within the hotel there is a little convenience/gift store that sells a variety of items. With that being said, there is a CVS outside the hotel which surprisingly has normal prices and is probably an equal walking distance away if you're leaving from your room. Go to CVS, buy several bottles of water that don't cost $8 each, you'll need them (the tap water tastes weird). Also, since it takes awhile to get around if you find it's 10:57 am and check out is 11:00 am you can conveniently check out using your phone. I did that so I could take advantage of the buffet voucher I had enabling me to enjoy brunch without worrying about making the check out time. This option was simple and I didn't experience any problems with it.
5	What an experience.  So far this is the nicest hotel we have stayed at in Vegas. Fourth time here. Love the city. Fr the casino to the rooms. They left out no small details. The room is fully automated. The lights, the curtains, the A/C, the tv all controlled with an handheld device. It's very nice to wake up in the morning to the curtains opening the tv playing music and the A/C kicking in extra cold. I'll be back...........
4	I really enjoyed my stay at the Aria. World class amenities and the rooms are very classy. Check in was smooth, I recommend entering on the city center side instead of the Harmon street entrance. Got a room with a nice pool view. As you first walk-in the black out shades part ways and the lights rise; leaves you in awe. Everything is plush, super soft king with an elegant bathroom.The casino is a bit overwhelming for those not that experienced like me, $25 min bet blackjack tables and I didn't even go through the poker spots. But, overall its really fun. The cafe downstairs has an amazing cinnamon roll. Plus all the staff is friendly and attentive. I probably wouldn't stay here again because I feel you get more bang for your buck at the smoke free Vdara Hotel across the way. However, if you like to gamble this is great.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience at Aria. I was just simply trying to ask where to pick up my mlife card at the guest service desk or something. That guy was trying to give me directions to the mlife place but ended up just printing out my mlifecard for me and even decided to check me in (my bf was like the 90th person in line), i just glad to have just saved so much time and trouble thanks to this guy's helpfulness. I appreciate good service so much. I love every single thing about the room. The bed, pillows, and blanket was softer/comfier than other hotels. The bathroom layout is cool too. Everything was nice and new. Loved that you can control the curtains and lights from the tablet next to the bed. 5 star for sure!
4	I LOVE this hotel! Customer Service is excellent!!! They really know how to handle the customers and make sure you're comfortable. I would've have it 5 stars if I in-room dining was nicer when asking for silverware. I called to get a fork and I guy (wish I had gotten his name) told me it would be a $1.25/per item brought up. I needed 3 forks. I told him I would come down and get it and he straight cut me off and told me No I couldn't. Well excuse me!!! Liquid pool was ok. You can tell who the broke people are because you have to pay to sit. So anybody standing around let's you Know they don't have money to pay for a cabana or a ottoman. They don't even have shade! The pool is super small too. Even to have a table at the bar is a minimum $250. Other than that the hotel is great! Very huge! Club Haze was great Saturday night. DJ could've been better. He played more house than hip hop and top 40. Food at the hotel is great especially the Aria Cafe!! Late night menu is very pricey but the quality of the food is excellent. Took the slippers home and left the robe since they wanted $75 for it LOL. Maybe for Christmas. I would love to stay here again one day. :)
4	The place is classy and i love the design it's high quality at it's best the best in the west and the service is very good
1	Beware! Shady practices if you use a debit card. I booked a room via hotels.com and prepaid the entire room. Upon checkin using a debit card they placed a hold for $260 on my card. Fine. All i should end up paying is the resort fees of $56. I checkout they charge my card for the entire $260! Why when all i owe them is $56 dollars?? Then two days later i call them and they tell me they issued a refund of the remaining amount. My bank which reflects things immediately if they are pending, shows nothing. They tell me it takes 3-7 days to show (BS). If they issued a credit back to my bank it would show pending in my account. I think they take the money hang on to it (as part of the bigger MGM portfolio) make money off it before returning it to the guest (i still have not received my refund and will be shortly filing a complaint in a few days with my bank if they do not return my funds). This is a hotel owned by the entire MGM hotels group and im sure all their hotels do this. Im not paying them to stay at their resort to fund their venture capitalist division. Will no longer stay at one of this chain's hotel.
5	We stayed at Aria in a Sky Suite for 4 days this month and must say that this was one of the best hotel stays we have had. We travel extensively (and have spent many nights in 5 star hotels) and found this experience to be most excellent. The check-in process was efficient. Era was attentive and made sure that she assisted in making this stay memorable by offering a complimentary upgrade and other tips - she was just wonderful! Our suite was quite well appointed and modern. We were on the 50th floor and had a fantastic view of the strip and airport. One of the best aspects of this hotel was housekeeping - this is something that I don't often comment about, but the housekeeping staff was so friendly and attentive. The room was serviced each morning and night and it was quite apparent that careful attention was paid to ensure that the room was in pristine condition. The staff would even ensure that my iPhone charger was neatly placed near the bed. They were always friendly and engaged with the hotel guests. We have visited the spa in the past and highly recommend a Spa Suite. We dined at Aria Cafe and had a very average experience. The dinner menu was limited and the service was a bit slow, but the food was good. We took advantage of the lounge and refreshments that are offered to the Sky Suite guests on a few occasions and enjoyed this. We had a car while in town and parked in the self park garage. We were always able to find a parking space and the walk into hotel wasn't excessive. WiFi was included and was fast enough that I could work efficiently.Overall, our stay was most excellent. We have stayed at several of the 5 star hotels on the strip and plan to return to the Aria for subsequent visits to Las Vegas because the accommodations, service, amenities and location simply can't compare with other hotel options on the strip.
4	We stayed at the Aria during spring of this year specifically for the convenience of seeing Zarkana (which was excellent by the way). This was the first time we stayed at the CityCenter-the hotel is walking distance to Vdara, Mandarin Oriental (which I think we want to stay next time...), Cosmo and the shopping areas.Rooms are pretty standard, but extremely clean and an excellent bathroom. Lotions and shampoos had a mix of lavender and cedar- nice.  Views are pretty amazing and although the hotel is typical Vegas huge, it still seemed manageable. The gym is absolutely amazing-state of the art everything-you have to walk through the spa area to get to the gym and the lavender smells are awesome.The restaurants are excellent (even the Buffet was pretty good-we had late breakfast there and it is quite international-very reasonable price too). For breakfast, I would go to the Buffet rather than the Aria Cafe if you like various breakfast meats, scrambled eggs, potatoes, dim sum and variety of pastries.  The food at Jean Georges Steakhouse was pretty amazing, despite the uppity waiter.  There is a STARBUCKS on the second level- loved the fact that the drinks were stronger (like they added an extra shot of espresso) and the scones were glazed and huge!I recommend that you call housekeeping prior to your sightseeing. It is  a huge hotel and it is best if you call housekeeping at least half an hour before you depart (especially if you like to take an afternoon nap in a clean and refreshed room).There were only a handful of kids:-) -very helpful to have a serene experience at the pool. The hotel is definitely kid-friendly but it really doesn't cater to the family of 5. A lot of couples and groups of friends.Great hotel!
5	The Aria lives up to its expectations and the decor is great. The room is very modern and up-to-date. The bed is very comfy and you can imagine the rest. This hotel provides a great view no matter which room you choose. If you are a party animal then ask the concierge to book you at Club Haze. No waiting in line and the club was packed. The Aria cafe is great for breakfast, but beware of the $7 orange juice, not worth it. I have stayed at both Vdara and Aria and both hotels are great.
5	Love this place! The rooms are awesome. It's pretty close to the center of the strip so you can walk both ways. The service is terrific. There's a CVS nearby to grab essentials. The watermelon juice is AMAZING! Love staying here!
5	I love this hotel! You can pay a little extra to check in early and check out late. The beds are incredibly comfortable. The rooms are quiet and have everything that you could need: hair dryer, robes, iron, hair products, etc. I like that the bathrooms are roomy enough for two people to get ready at the same time without hitting each other. When you leave the room for the day you can hit the "Service" button and they'll freshen up the room while you're out. There is a lot of room around the pool in the shade and in the sun. If you want a prime spot on a Saturday with an umbrella you should get to the pool by 10:30 at the latest. I highly recommend this hotel.
3	I use to think this place was the bees knees and relished the idea of returning. That honeymoon period is over....as in beat it with a stick, bury it and call it over, over.For some reason I had a heck of a time getting the in room remote control to work; and work properly. I know this, because I have been to the Aria several times and have never had the headache that I experience this last time. The room is still quite comfortable and nice and quite. The A/C was never able to break 70 degrees (even though the thermostat went down further). I had room service on several occasions. Each time, the person bringing the food refused to follow directions. Each time they asked if I would like my food unwrapped. Each time, they proceeded to unwrap my food. This bothered me, mainly because I was asked a question and then my answer was ignored.For now, I will be trying another casino, but anyone looking to stay here should. It is clean, smells good and fairly decent food options to be had. Just don't go to Javier (see other review).
5	I will never stay in a different strip resort, if I can avoid it. I love this hotel. This was my first stay at the Aria and I can't say enough good things about it. My experience began when we mentioned off hand upon check in that we were on out honeymoon and the next thing we knew, they had upgraded our room to a junior suite (free). Shortly after arriving in the actual room, someone stopped by to drop off complimentary cakes and chocolate covered strawberries with a congratulatory note. They really went out of their way to make our stay special. The rooms are also extremely nice. Curtains that open and close by remote, excellent views, and very modern decor. I've seen some people complain about the AC, curtains, and water flow from the faucets. What these people don't seem grasp is that the Aria is one of the most (if not THE most) environmentally conscious resorts on the strip. They have numerous environmental certifications (look it up). These are a result of such room features as curtains that close automatically when you're not there, lights that turn off automatically of you leave them on, low water flow, and AC that adjusts when you are not in the room. I, for one, feel great about staying in a place that feels luxurious but makes every effort to be energy and water efficient. The pool is also excellent. It's low key (doesn't have that "spring break" vibe), plays some great music throughout the day, isn't terribly crowded, and offers plenty of shade for those looking to stay out of the sun. It was one of the reasons we chose to stay here. I love this hotel. Is is more expensive than some of the other southern strip resorts, but well worth the extra cost. Give it a try.
4	Great stay.  3rd time.  The beds make you feel like you are sleeping on clouds.  Pool should have an adults only section, other than their ultra pool.  It would be nice to relax without all the splashing and "Marco Polo."Also, the room ipad type thing is so laggy it becomes frustrating.Remember to hit the service button to the on position or they will not service your room.
3	It has all the bells and whistles that a 5 star Las Vegas hotel should have such as hip pools, shopping, casino, wi-fi, dining and more. It does not deserve 5 stars because of their housekeeping. A high priced dirty room is unacceptable. The last thing I want in my hotel room when I check in is another persons visible DNA in the bathroom and on the bed. Clean it or at least hide it. Disgusting. Even after I reported the hair clogs in the bathroom and tiny little hairs on the bed, they never NEVER cleaned it properly.
5	I really enjoyed the rooms at Aria. Each month when I would go for work I'd either stay here or V'dara depending on who had better rates. The rooms are super modernized and comfortable. The interior design in the general hotel areas itself is kind of odd not what I would have done but it does have very modern new Vegas feel to it which was what the City Center was going for. They have lots of restaurants to choose from but most are overly expensive for what they're worth.
5	I've stayed at the Aria multiple times and keep coming back.  The location can't be beat and the rates are reasonable.  The rooms are laid out very well and the double sinks in the bathroom are a HUGE plus.  The elevators are efficient and you don't have to wait very long when you call for one.  I'll definitely be staying here the next time I come back!
1	I thought I was going to love this hotel,and it has been a disaster of a trip to say the least . For starters they didn't give us the room we asked for ,they put us (a couple)into 2 queen beds, but the water pressure in the room didn't work and neither did the tv. We ordered room service a couple times and couldn't even get a hot meal,or ever what we ordered and it got to the point that a simple waffle was too much for them. On Friday I called down to have the TV fixed and the water pressure fixed and by Sunday afternoon nothing had been done. I then went to the front desk where a "manager " named Sara and I user the term manager loosely proceeded to tell me that after all that we are going to comp the food. (The food that I couldn't eat because it wasn't cooked )Or I can give you a $50 credit . She was extremely condescending and I explained to her you are charging me $270 a night and I have even extended my stay and all you can do is give me a $50 credit and still not fix anything ? She basically told me ,to take and moved me on my way. I was willing to give this hotel a second try until I met Sara and her condescending attitude and I think establishments especially in Las Vegas need to understand that customer service should be the foremost important thing. Sadly this weekend in Las Vegas at the Aria dealing with Sara it wasn't the case. I guess I will be headed back to The Wynn or The Venetian next time I am here . Disappointed Aria ,very Disappointed
5	was here in June 2014 and the rooms are still excellent. this time i get to use their swimming pools. There are three pools and a couple jacuzzi. It was too hot to use the jacuzzi but it looks really nice for winter nights. The pools are decent size and they're perfect pools for just lounging. They length of the pool is pretty good also, so if you wake up early enough you can do your morning swimming exercise (if that's your morning routine). we also checked out a lounge in aria, Gold Lounge. And as an Aria Guest, we got to go into the lounge for free. Just go to the concierge and they'll take care of you.staffs in aria are friendly and welcoming. I have no problem with any of the staffs. the rooms are cleanyes, i highly recommend Aria hotel
4	The Aria Hotel Resort and Casino is an Excellent hotel!! The moment u enter your room the curtains draw open, music begins to play and fresh air freshner hits your nose. Great staff, clean, no riff raff, pricey but worth EVERY penny. Pools are clean and inviting with great towel service. I will be returning in 2 months.
5	Unbelievable hotel!!! Very plush!  Clean! Curtains open and close with the push of a button.  Everything in the room can be controlled with pad next to bed.
3	This was my first stay in Las Vegas and I have to say from all the commercials and advertisement about the Aria I was not Wowed. I was expecting more, I guess, but either way this place was fun and our trip and stay at Aria was also a lot of fun. However after visiting some of the other hotels the decor and the casino at Aria are just OK.The rooms are nice, considerably quiet considering Vegas. We stayed in groups of 3 so there was plenty of room for all our stuff. The bathroom was spacey; however you had to go through the shower to get to the tub which to me was weird. The light switches and the TV was all very modern.  Getting to your room took FOREVER because there is only one set of elevators and then you had to walk to your room once you were on your floor. I guess we got a room that was more towards the end of the building. The view we got was just of rooftops but I'm sure other rooms had better views. The hotel service staff was friendly, the hotel maids were very nice and got us more hangers, towels and extra shampoo. The concierge lady was also friendly and helped us get the reservations we wanted. The pool area was nice, there are 3 pools, two of them are just regular pools and one party pool. We did not go to the party pool because it was super crowded. The regular pool was nice however there were no open chairs. One of the days we had a cabana which was nice since you got a waitress for yourself otherwise the pool waitress were so busy it took a while to get your drink.We went to several of the restaurants at the Aria and the food and service were just OK, nothing spectacular. The Cafe Aria was nice but the service took forever and the place was not crowded at all. The little cafe at the bottom of the elevator had great pastries and coffee. The buffet was ok (not Wowed), the Tapas place was expensive but the food was great (ok service), the Italian place was amazing food wise but when we asked for separate checks the waiter gave us a giant frown and it kept up the rest of the evening. The pizza restaurant was also very good and they had a good beer selection but the service (again) was just ok.What surprised me was that some of the restaurants closed at 10! For a city that's not supposed to sleep this was very surprising. We went to the sushi place at 10:05pm and the woman looked at us like we were crazy wanting a table that late! We paid $30 for a day pass at the spa which included just the pools, the steam rooms, rock beds and the meditation room and it was well worth it. We would have booked a massage or something but they we didn't do it in advance so we had to settle for the day pass. The casino was just OK, it was not crowded, it didn't seem inviting or exciting to go gambling here. I guess compared to more traditional hotels.All in all I would go back to Aria for the amazing price we got however it was better advertised that what reality showed us.
1	_
3	After a long airline trip, we walked into the fabulous Aria to a long line of guest waiting to check in. It took 1 hour to get to the desk... Then once we got to the desk we had such a rude desk clerk named Erleen. She was the top of discussion And we did not get question answered about amenities, services available just nothing. The good thing is that our room was nice and we are enjoying ourselves. But the service needs to be improved at the front desk.
1	This place is GROSS!!! My wife & I recently stayed there during a lil date night venture on the strip what we found in our room was disgusting. Brown stains on the sheets & hand towel under the blankets on the bed, busted sink handles, snot on the wall in the bathroom, nasty stuff. I wrote them a little courtesy email informing them of our stay & told them we probably wouldn't be back again, they sent one back saying they would give us an upgrade on our next stay. WTF we're not coming back with all the resorts on the strip why would we ever come back to that mess!
1	I usually never do reviews but I felt like this trip it one was required. Me and a group of friends come to Vegas once a year for the past 7 years and love it. We usually prefer to stay at other MGM resorts like MGM Grand or Mandalay Bay. We figured this year we would try out Aria since it's the newest of the casinos.I'll start off with the casino it's self is a very beautiful casino right smack in the center of the strip, which is a good thing. The bakery downstairs is great and the buffet is excellent. The rooms are very nice..... Comfortable beds, everything was remote controlled (lights,shades,etc). The bathroom was the best part, a gorgeous tub and nice glass stand up shower in their as well. The front desk was friendly but after you check in it's like no one wants to help anymore. Kind of like you paid we got our money and that's it.I'm no high roller but I am pretty big gambler and gamble for hours on end. Their table limit standards and rating system is absolute bullshit. I sat down pretty much all morning playing a game called "crazy4poker" gave the floor my card at $60 dollars a hand ($15 min with 4 betting spots) and sometimes more if I was winning. Not only did I play but I tipped the dealers pretty well off, at least a couple hundred in my sitting ( I am a dealer in florida myself). My friends got interested in playing but had no idea how to play so we asked if they could lower table standards because other than myself not a single person was playing. The floor very unfriendly said no and looked at me like I was an asshole for even asking, they didn't even give a reason or discuss the topic ( I've been to hundreds of casinos and usually they will bargain or make an exception if it's slow) basically the customer service was horrible. This went on for every game in Aria and majority of the minimum table limits were $25 (at night $50-100)which is ridiculous.  I couldn't even gamble in the hotel I was staying at for 5 days because it was too expensive. You design the hotel for people who love to travel in Vegas, gamble, have fun and stay in a nice hotel. But instead limit it to how much money do you have in your wallet that's how we will treat you. I usually get comped for food, show tickets and sometime free play but not aria they want you average $160 a bet for them to even consider it,that is absurd. Me and my friends had fun elsewhere gambling the trip (Monte Carlo,MGM,planethollywood,etc) places like those that are fun and enjoy their customers and want everyone to be happy. I went to those places so often this trip that dealers were remembering us and some floor supervisors as well. We tipped them good, drank and enjoyed ourselves. Rather than Arias casino staff looked at everyone like they were lower class unless you were a high roller. We also got comped buffets at the other places.There was 22 of us that came on this trip and we all stayed at Aria. Not one person was pleased with the gaming floor or hospitality. We felt we made the right decision choosing aria but by the time we left we felt the right one would be that we never stay or gamble here again. This was the biggest disappointment hotel ever to me in the history of visiting Vegas.So if the people reading this take reviews seriously believe me when I say, take other options and stay elsewhere. I would of liked to have given my opinion and honesty to management about all this but in the end we all know they don't give a shit.P.s the pool was a huge disappointment.... It should belong in a motel 6.
3	Love how new and modern this place is. This was the best hotel experience I had in a long time. The only thing I was not happy about was how rude this pit boss Yvonne aka Bonnie was. She made me feel very unwelcome within the first night. I stopped gambling at this casino because all the other places I went was very happy to see me at their tables.  The Aria Cafe was horrible. Found a hair in my food... then I got a chicken wrap which was so bland I could't force myself to finish it. Sleep here, just don't gamble or eat here.
5	The hotel is very nice. It is located in the centre of the Strip, practically near the Bellagio hotel. There are a lot of parking spaces available just near the hotel.If you come by your own car, you will have to transfer all your luggage by your own quite a long distance to the hotel lobby. When we arrived, there was a 15 minutes queue at the check-in. However, the check-in service was efficient, and so was the express check-out, which you can perform either by an sms message, email our using your TV set. You can leave the room keys in the room, and just leave. Very efficient.Our room (we booked the cheapest one available) was located in the 22nd floor with a beautiful view over the Strip. The rooms are well preserved, spatious, comfortable and fully automated. The interior design is minimalistic and very pleasant.There are a lot of dining options within the complex, for different budgets. Perhaps the most problematic is the breakfast, especially if you just wish to eat something light, and a full buffet breakfast is too heavy for you. In this case the room-service breakfast seems to be the best solution.The casino is standard, like in all the other hotels, we have not noted any big difference there.All in all, the hotel is very nice, with good service and with excellent location - we highly recommend it.
5	I stayed here the last time I was in Vegas and this by far is my favorite hotel.Casino-I got lost in this casino because it's so large and the decor is amazing. You walk in and it screams luxury and high class. I felt very booshie in this place. Table minimums were kinda high. Lots of slots to choose from. Definitely a good casino to gamble in. I lost a lot of $$$ here. fMLHotel/ accommodations-check in was quick, resort fee includes wifi around the property, pool was amazing and not packed and loud like other casinos. Hotel decor is very updated and eye popping, my eyes couldn't help but look at how everything is beautifully decorated.Rooms-my fav in Vegas. Room is big, about 400 sq feet. Comfortable bed and pillows, electric curtains and shades, a tablet that is wireless in the room controls everything (tv, lighting, mood lighting, phone, room service, hotel requests, etc) bathroom was the best. Private toilet area to take a dump and explode, double sinks with TV, shower and hot tub joined. I could get a little crazy in the bathroom.Staff- so friendly, we passed 3 employees walking to the room and all said hello and if we needed anything extra. M life front desk even called us in the room and asked if everything is up to expectations.  Luxurious!The only thing I didn't like is the hallways to get to the room. It felt like I was walking for days. You don't realize how long the hallway is to get to your room until your walking it. I fell bad for the people who have the rooms all the way at the end.
4	Hotel was nice and high tech. I bought my reservations through hotel.com I'm not sure if there was a miss communication or hotels.com failed, but the room was not what I booked, either way it was nice and enjoyable.
4	2 night stay early August.Check in here is horrible. But it is Vegas i suppose.Booked a deluxe city view room. Room was clean, comfortable & very modern. A lot of high tech gadgets which were great. Bathroom was massive. 1st night we were exhausted from driving so we just ordered room service. No issues at all with it.  2nd night we tried the buffet because we were given free vouchers. If we had actually paid full price for the buffet i would have been very displeased. It is just not up to the standard of so many other surrounding buffets. Don't waste your money.Overall if you love modern & high tech & don't eat at the buffet Aria is a good place to stay.
5	Well my boyfriend and I had a very unique experience here at Aria. Unfortunately, we were one of the unlucky ones who checked in on the day when all the MLife computer systems crashed. Imagine hundreds of people in the lobby, luggage everywhere and no one could get into a room? Major chaos and unhappy guests. We got into our room 7 hours late and we had a panoramic corner suite which took my breath away.. Seriously amazing! So yes, it was a stressful day for everyone and we basically had a whole day of vacation wasted but Aria took care of us. They comped our nights stay in the amazing suite, gave us a decent amount of resort credit AND they are giving us a future complimentary 2 night stay in a suite that is even nicer than the one we stayed in. This is why I am giving Aria 5 stars. They really treated us like high rollers and all the stress and frustration became worth it! Anyways, the entire hotel is extremely high tech and very modern (just the way I like it:)) the suites are so luxurious and I'm not sure I'll ever be able to stay in a standard room again because of how much they spoiled us! ;) can't wait to come back!!
1	This would be my 2nd and LAST stay at the Aria Hotel and Resort..My girlfriend decided to go to Vegas for her 50th bday and asked for hotel suggestions.I basically made this hotel walk on water to her and she picked it. But boy was I humiliated when I arrived at the hotel. First off the Bell Hop stand and the valet ppl working outside are non responsive and very unwelcoming, not one person said welcome to the Aria or so much as opened the door. The line for check in was SIMPLY OUTRAGEOUS. BUT believe it or not things were good then. It was at the checkin counter when things got worst. Starting with the clerk. She started off lying to me right off, no matter how or what I asked for, it was an automatic response of,"it's not available".. I received my room assignment and proceeded to my room. Upon entering the room NOTHING!!! now I know the lights should come on, the curtains are suppose to auto open and the television is suppose to come on welcoming me with my name!!! The room was half clean with nasty hairs in the bathroom sink and the carpet had stains all over it.. Of course I called to be moved..I was moved within minutes to a room that I asked for at checkin and was told it was not available.. Never the less this hotel was a huge disappointment since my last stay in May of 2013. The CUSTOMER SERVICE at this place is HORRIBLE.. I plan to never recommend or stay at the ARIA again..I also plan to let my experience be known on every site possible...VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED with my stay
5	I don't have a single bad thing to say about the Aria. This is a beautiful modern casino/hotel. The decor is tastefully done from the casino to the hotel. It isn't a casino that caters to kids, and that's fine because it's a perfect place for adults. The staff is excellent and helpful. I have been here several times, and have never had an incident. As a matter of fact during hotel check in I mentioned that it was my wife's birthday and the front desk sent chocolate covered strawberries and a box of macaroons up to my room. Perfect touch. There is a wide selection of restaurants that should suit any taste. I've been to several of them and so far so good. As a tip I want to say to sign up for their players card even if you are not gambling because the benefits do add up.
4	Aria was very nice! We had a corner suite that was lovely. We loved the sliding door that separated the bedroom from the living room. The automated lights and curtains were also great. Not five stars in our book mostly for the wait during check-in. While some say, "you should always expect to wait to check-in in Vegas", we would argue that you should NEVER have to wait for a room that has been pre-booked. When will hotels realize that the current traditional check-in methods are a big downer. You just walked into the place - and the first thing you do is STAND IN A LINE? Do the math on the common sense of a FIRST IMPRESSION hotel industry! The bathroom had one of those fancy Toto? toilets. The master bath was big and had a big shower with a tub nearby. The tub had jets. The pool at Aria, (we did not do the Liquid Pool), was nice. Our waitress/server was not good. The valet wait was up to 20 to 35 minutes in the early afternoon. Aria's location is not bad but it is not great either. It is a healthy walk from Aria to the the action in the heart of The Strip.
1	This by far is the worst experience I have ever had attending a 5 star hotel that's top 5 in Forbes list. I am truly disappointed. When I arrived at the hotel I entered through the North Valet where I come to find out that u have to carry my luggage through the entire casino, because they do not provide bell desk at that entrance. As I check out the valet brings me my car and inform me that there is a nail in the tire. I mean I know incidents happen. But as I try to file a claim that my vehicle has been damaged they say sorry there is nothing we could do about this. Long story short spent a ton of money at a 5 star hotel that couldn't even give me good customer service. Next review will go on BBB. If you want to get what you pay for stay at a different place.
3	If you plan to book a room facing the strip and want to sleep in the next day...beware! The blackout curtains are not true blackout curtains. I was really upset that I was woken up by sunlight especially when Vegas is known for there blackout curtains, i even took a pic at 10am this morning to prove it.
5	This hotel was by far one of the prettiest for its cost. The restaurants  bathrooms and rooms were killer. Clean rooms and yummy food. Best buffet by far.
4	Very nice.  Everything is controlled by a tablet by the bed...even the window blinds! Very nice pool area, staff is friendly, but took way to long to check in! But we were surprised with a $75 resort credit! I'll definitely going back if that continues!
5	I stayed at the Aria Hotel for 5 days and 4 nights in June 2014, I enjoyed this hotel very much, this was my first trip to Las Vegas. The hotel is very modern and up to date, the curtains and lights were a bit confusing at first, but I eventually got the hang of it. They have a bathtub/shower combo which was something I had never expereinced in a hotel and think it is a great idea. I would definitely recommend this hotel to a friend. Despite the five star rating, I had issues with the following:1. They provided Wi-Fi for 2 days and then you have to pay for it, that should be included for free, for the duration of the stay. Also, the signal would go in and out on my iPhone and iPad that should be improved. 2. The room service would come later and later it seemed each day, One day our room was not cleaned until 1PM. That is not acceptable.3. The fridge was stocked full and if you remove an item, even briefly, you are charged. They should have an empty one, that is not $28 dollars per day.Aside from those three things, Aria, was perfect, very clean, nice casino, and the staff was very courteous and I thoroughly enjoyed Las Vegas, thanks to Aria!
4	A great hotel. Stayed here for 3 nights. Elevator numbering was a bit confusing. Pools were great...lots of chairs to lounge in. Staff were all friendly and accommodating. It's a bit of a walk to the strip and to where the major action happens but it's manageable. Would definitely be coming back again!
5	Really liked this hotel. The whole building is new and felt clean and modern. Our room was huge and on a high floor (and at a very good price). The casino was fun though not particularly unique. It's also very family friendly, as opposed to the party atmosphere at the Cosmo next door.
4	Great casino !!! Right in the middle of everything. It's very modern and all their rooms are nice. The beds are very comfortable ! Their sky suites are the best suites in town, very sleek and chic! There's many restaurants to choose from. Top 3 are bar masa , Javier's and Sage. The sports book is nice and easy to put in a bet. It gets really really busy though during weekends. Poker room is always packed also.
2	Huge disappointment. Our room was dirty and somewhat disgusting, especially for the price.  The carpet was clearly not vacuumed.  We found leftover candy by the ice bucket and dirt and hair pins on the floor. There was a shirt tag on the chair also.  Mirror was dirty. We called to have the room cleaned again and it was marginally better. Having stayed at several hotels in Vegas, this is by far the worst experience.  The valet seemed understaffed and no blackjack tables without continuous shuffle unless you bet $50+.
5	The Aria is amazing! It is modern, and clean for a reasonable price. Pros of the room:1)everything in the room is controllable by a remote control!!!2)super clean and modern3)Amazing views no matter which floor or side of the hotel you are on!Pros of the hotel:1)Amazing variety of restaurants 2)beautiful lobby3)Excellent architecture 4)super cool water falls5)convenient location 6)There are no cons!If you are planning to stay at Las Vegas I would highly recommend this hotel.
1	This hotel is okay. Not worth the amount they charge. I usually like to stay at the Mlife hotels and never had any problems while visiting. So what went wrong here was first of all the check-in took forever and my party was given the wrong information regarding the transaction. We we're suppose to be check-in at 9am, but was delayed by the person checking us in at the hotel because she gave us the wrong information and made us waste time by having us run around trying to find a Wells Fargo. Next the maid open the door during our visit when the light was clearly marked as privacy. The toilet broke and we had to wait for maintenance to come fix it. The light was flickering off and on. Also there was a red stain on one of the sheets. Finally when we checked out the lady checking us out was giving us attitude about printing a receipt. Honestly there are way better hotels then this place. Also for something that is more new to the strip compared to the other hotels it looks old in the rooms and hallways. The only reason I am giving the one star was because the Zarakana show was really good and so was the theatre it was playing in. I was just really frustrated with everything that I even took the time to do there 30min survey and explain everything that went wrong with there staff. I am so mad i even created a yelp account just so I can rate them and share this with people planning or thinking of staying at the aria. I will no longer be staying at the aria.
5	I love Aria! It's the only hotel we stay in when we go to Vegas. I love how clean and modern it is. The customer service is friendly and welcoming, the only thing I dislike was the long wait to check in, but it's Vegas and that's to expect. The spa is a must! Most relaxing spa ever, I absolutely love it. They have a good price for it too. Javier's restaurant is a bit pricey and I don't really consider it to be authentic Mexican food. The pizza place is awesome as well. House keeping was excellent, there is also a convenient store 5 minutes walking distance from the hotel so it's very convenient for snacks and stuff especially for the pricey items they have in their fridge. I would definitely recommend Aria.
5	Great hotel! I loved the technology here. Walking into the room and the curtains opening automatically was amazing and just everything about the room was great and luxurious. What made it the best was the service at check in, Crystal helped us and she was so accommodating, super personable and funny! This is a Great place to stay!
5	Our sixth stay here and there is a reason we keep coming back.We have been lucky enough to have stayed at most of the 5-star hotels on the strip but keep returning to Aria. Part of the reason is location but so much more. It still has a very modern, clean feel to it. It is not as ultra elegant as Bellagio, Mandarin Oriental, Wynn or Encore (we stayed at all) but is just great "upscale Vegas." Our favorite Vegas restaurant is here as well (see my reviews for Sage). I won't repeat much of what my past review said about Aria but I would suggest registering with MLife, then look for a great deal here. We always think about staying elsewhere but there is a reason we always wind up back at Aria. And by the way-we are ALWAYS glad we came back!
4	Beautiful room and attentive staff however our ice maker and fridge didn't work in a penthouse sweet. Other than that this stay has been phenomenal! Oh and the pools are to die for!
5	Very pretty view. They were not kidding when they said every room as a corner view. I would recommend staying here to a friend. Very friendly check in staff also.
4	From the smooth check in to the adjustment when the room didn't meet out needs, this - is a class act. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. I had breakfast at the Aria Cafe both days we were there and the first day it was slow and unrushed   but
5	Absolutely love this hotel.  I'm a local and my boyfriend and I stay once a month there!  We get treated like royalty!  Never had a problem with anything.  And when we had, it got solved right away with extra perks on the side.We usually stay there or Cosmo but we like this casino better since the crowd in there is more mature than the loud younger crowd of Cosmo... and we are under 30 so it's not like we can't handle that atmosphere. I always recommend this casino to all my friends when they come visit ;)
4	Aria is a great place to stay in Vegas! It is close by anywhere you need to go. My group got the corner suite, and dayumm the view! The suite was smaller than expected but there are little things that made up for it. First, I am deeply impressed with the main bathroom. It is every girl's dream! The lighting was perfect for girls to get ready and perfect their look for a big night and also spacious to fit many girls at once. The half bath is also great too!The bedroom was blocked from the living room with a sliding door and had an amazing view of the city. You could control lights, curtains, tv, music, and room privacy with just a push of a button (same goes for the living room)! I have never slept on such a comfortable bed. After a night of partying, 3 friends and I were chilling on the bed and we all knocked out within minutes because it was ridiculously too comfortable. There is a closet with an iron/board as well!The living room was small in my opinion but still cozy. The TV was nice to relax to and also gives you options to bump up the music for your pregame! There is a small bar and fridge, but no coffee maker? Or it was hidden somewhere. That loss made my mornings rough. The location was golden though. To get to Marquee, you just walk across the bridge. To go shopping in Planet Hollywood or eat at Earls, just another bridge again! Partying to eating to sleeping was within a 10-15 min walking distance from each other.I definitely recommend the corner suite to couples or groups. I went with a group of 12 and we fit comfortably, and the 1.5 bath really helps out with crowded bathrooms!
5	Just got back from  my ninth stay at Aria.I have stayed at every other 4 and 5 star hotel in Las Vegas and keep coming back here.Rooms and corner suites are great.Most comfortable beds in Las Vegas !!Easy walk to Monte Carlo(connected indoor walkway),Bellagio,,Cosmo and PH.Dealers and Pit Bosses have been very friendly..You don't have to dodge as many strolling tourists as there are at Bellagio,Caesars, and others.Great restaurant selection.
1	According to the front desk staff, the Aria had a *planned* system downtime for over 40 minutes at 4pm this afternoon. It took us over an hour to get checked in- that's an hour of my vacation wasted due to someone's poor planning.   The front desk staff kept saying it will just be 10 minutes- even when it was clearly well over 30 minutes.  If you must have downtime at prime check-in time, at least you could correctly communicate the situation.  Next time, you might want to try scheduling your computer system outages overnight.
1	I have been at the Aria a total of an hour and still haven't managed to be able to check in due to the incompetence of the operations here. First, the self parking is about a mile from the front desk through the entire casino. While typical of a Vegas casino, it's still incredibly annoying. Then, hopped in the line with about 20-25 people in front of us. About half way through the line they stopped checking anyone in. Eventually some agent came through the line saying they were "updating" the computers and it would only take 10 minutes. 10 minutes later another employee came through offering water saying that the systems would be up any minute now. Another roughly 10 minutes have passed. And, what looks to be a manager, Reginald, strolls through the line not addressing anything unless asked. So, I asked how things were going about 27 minutes into the wait. He told me that in fact, this shut down was scheduled. Yes, the Aria thought it was good to shut down their systems at 4PM to update it. Well, it's now 4:37 PM and no sign of the systems being up anytime soon, yet everyone is so assuring saying " it should be up anytime." Reginald also told me the shut would take 5-15 minutes. Yet another lie considering at that point it had already been over 20 minutes. Poor, poor communication, execution, and operations on the part of the Aria. Haven't even seen my room yet and I will absolutely never stay here again.
5	The best hotel is Las Vegas! Excellent service, excellent food, I love their Buffet - truly the best. The room was great, we checked out from this hotel today. Next time I am in Vegas, will go there. This is the place where they really treat you like a queen. Pools are amazing, everything is so clean and of high quality. And all restaurants that are located in Aria are excellent, especially Julian Serrano.Thanks so much for providing high quality 5 star service.
5	The best hotel ever. Clean , modern, up to date, beautiful, and worth every penny.This hotel is in the perfect place on the strip AMD is amazing. Jaw dropping from the gate.
4	We stayed here for a nice long weekend over Labor Day. We were able to check in upon our extremely early arrival from the airport. That was great and I'm glad they accommodated. Our room was beautiful. Very adult. Dark shades. Dark walls. Dark furniture. Not bright and crazy like other Vegas hotels we've stayed at. I'd actually decorate my house like this. We had a view of the pool, which we scoped out every morning to get the best seats. They even brought a refrigerator to our room so we could store our own water. It was very prompt. After a incidence with the pool at XS my phone needed some uncooked rice to soak in. They accommodated the strange request. Housekeeping gave my husband several shampoos that he enjoyed. Their vanity kit came w a much needed makeup removal wipe. Maybe more for their sake that my mascara doesn't smudge all over their linens and towel. The hotel was beautiful. Beautiful architecture. We had a nice workout in their fully equipped gym. $50 for a yoga or workout class was too pricey. They had great treadmills with screens and tv and synced your workout. But too bad they didn't have a USB for the iPhone 5. Not a biggie. I'm not one for looking at my workout anyway. Loved the pool. Great sun. Cold water jugs perched everywhere. We had to chase down waitresses sometimes. But their delicious refreshing alcoholic drinks and food hit the spot. The furthest pool seemed a bit dirty. Mostly drinking adults. Smaller and just seemed trashier. Loved it. Will definitely stay for another visit.
5	Super clean and beautiful hotel. We got a standard king room & loved it. 25th floor overlooking the strip. Loved the remote control of the whole room from the bed! Speaking of bed.....omg. The.Most.Comfortable bed EVER! Easy access to our rooms never had to wait on an elevator. They have 3 pools and club liquid pool. Awesome pools. Yes the drinks are $15-30 but they were delicious as well. Lol. You can bring your own drinks to the pool in a cup...but they will check your bags you bring. We ate at the buffet....it's was ok needs bigger selection. Ruby our server was the best ever though. We also ate at Julian Serrano had happy hour tapas and drinks 5-5:30. Have to try the dates and the calamari! Tried out cafe aria for breakfast and it was good typically entree is $15-18. This place is worth the $$$$
4	On arrival at 3pm (check-in opens at 3pm) was told that our room was not ready and was still being cleaned and they where unsure of how long it will take. To compansate use they gave as $50 resort credit. However one member of our group was not happy with this and complained and we was given a room within 5 minutes plus the resort credit!!The room itself was very nice (two twin double city view) clean and tidy. The view was okay not what I expected but I think I'm comparing it to The Cosmopolitan which I stayed in 2 years ago and that had amazing views so I maybe biased.The hotel has amazing restaurants and facilities, staff are very friendly and more than willing to help.
2	We stayed here in July.  We were only here for one night.  The room appeared nice and I liked the remote curtains.  However, the next morning when we got up to get ready, I went to run a bath.  There was a bobby pin in the bathtub.  This might not seem like a big thing but it made it obvious that no one had cleaned the bathtub prior to our staying there.  So after deciding on a shower...I removed one of the towels from the folded ones under the vanity and there was a wad of used tissues behind the stack of towels.  Gross.  When we came home I replied to the auto review that the Aria sends and listed the complaints.  After a few days the reply I got was basically..."Sorry, we will forward your comments on.  This isn't usually the case.  We hope you try us again!"  That's it.  I would expect more from a place that touts itself a luxury hotel.  There are too many other options in Vegas to bother going back to a dirty hotel.
3	The rooms are nice, spacious and we had a nice view of the strip.   but can somebody tell me WTF is a resort fee, and why are all these hotels charging it?.. thats ridiculous , its to use the "amenities" none of which we used as we were just there over night.  I think they need to let people choose weather or not they want to use the amenities..  aside from the long lines to check in, the staff was friendly and the rooms were nice and clean.
4	For a standard room, it was very spacious.  My favorite part was the shower and tub in my room.  I have stayed at a couple hotels in Las Vegas and the Aria is by far my favorite.
5	The Aria hotel and casino is beautiful, clean and does NOT smell like smoke!!!  The casino, lobby and restaurant decor is fresh and inspiring.  The rooms are large with open skyline views of the strip or surrounding mountains.  The hotel staff were super friendly and helpful.  The business center staff and conference center was outstanding!  It is in a great location on the strip in the center of everything.  We walked up and down the strip visiting different hotels and casinos easily.  The Venetion is at the other end so takes a while to walk to see, but truthfully most everything was on the the Aria end!  The pool area was very nice and restful as well.  Hotel rooms were very reasonable at around $180 for a high floor (mid-30's.)  Very quiet in rooms and fun in the common areas.  This is the nicest and cleanest place I have stayed on the strip. The check in line was a bit long at times.  If you want your room in the morning pay for the guaranteed early check in or you may not have a room available.  This resort is outstanding! We will definitely be back!
5	Aria's customer service goes above and beyond typical customer service! I called them with a ridiculous request and Steven was so happy to accommodate me and try to trouble shoot my problem! I think 99% of people would have laughed at me and hung up the phone but Steven was patient and funny and so happy to give me exceptional service! My girls and I are going there tonight just to meet the guy!In this age of resignation and technological disconnect it is so unexpected and delightful to come across someone who actually cares!Thank you Steven!
5	Can I just move in here? Love this place. Check out the lobby bar... Manny is amazing. Best drinks.
4	Got a city view and it was gorgeous (worth the extra upgrade)! Some tables were a little dusty, but overall it was clean. Our first room had someone's medication in the fridge and I called to make sure the room was cleaned and they said the bar wasn't checked, so they switched us to another room. Easy to do since they just change it on the room key so you don't need to go down to the lobby! Pretty high tech with the remote to control curtains too. In a great location, has the Crystal Shops right next door which takes you to Cosmo also. Shower was open and spacious. Love bigger showers, hate when you pay for a nice room and the shower is tiny. There's a nice big tub too but they don't have any bubbles so bring you're own if you want a little bubble bath (= Beds are comfortable. The only thing I didn't like about the regular room was no fridge space. They have a fridge filled with all of their good for purchase, and if you move it they automatically charge you. Where do I put my leftover food!? Also stayed in a 1 bedroom corner suite and the main bathroom was amazing. The tub faced the view. So spacious and homey. The suite had an extra fridge to put your own stuff in so I didn't have to worry about where to put extra food or drinks. Wish they could just do this is every room. Pools are nice (4 stars): Gets pretty crowded, and the pool bar can get packed at times also. When I came here a couple years ago I had the best passion fruit mojito, but the bartender said they couldn't make it this time, wth! Got the margarita instead, which was good still, but not as good as that passion fruit mojito. Really expensive drinks!Service (5 stars)Great, no problems.Room Service (2 stars)Oh my the food was gross. I ordered a breakfast burrito and tried the margarita pizza. The pizza was okay, the burrito I could barely eat. It just smelled bad and had no flavor! So don't order room service..wish I went across to Cosmo for late night secret pizza instead.
4	We stayed at the Aria labor day weekend and we weren't disappointed. The location is perfect! It's right in the middle of the strip and is connected to other hotels by tram. We were seeing a concert at the Cosmo, so it was very convenient. IT was also close to the MGM grand and other hotels with night clubs worth visiting.  The casino was nice, but not too crowded and I really enjoyed the pool. It was easy to sit and relax without having to fight people for a lounge chair. The rooms were clean and moderately priced, but I have to take away one star since they did not service our room when we put the light on. After I called and complained, they did the room within half an hour, but I think if they have a light to tell them to "service" the room, they should do it at that time. We were out from 6pm until 3am and our room wasn't serviced. My advice, call housekeeping when you leave the room so that the "rush service" you room. Other than that, our stay was pleasant and the staff was super friendly. Would definitely stay here again!
4	Stayed here for 3 nights for the first time (we have stayed just about everywhere in Vegas over the last 30 years).  Excellent location, directly next to Cosmo which is a great hotel (check out the Bond Bar) and the Crystals shopping center with every major purse and jewelry store.  There is also a really good pub there which is less expensive than the hotel's eateries.Room was modern and nicely appointed although the bathroom fixtures were kind of cheap and they have this strange connected shower/bathtub combo that was a fail.  The room had smart controls for everything, by the third night I had it figured out and then I checked out.Staff was the best thing. When you called the front desk, the concierge and even the valet parking you got a HUMAN on the first ring!  When is the last time that happened in a hotel.  Every employee was wonderful.  I can't say that about many places I have stayed.The casino was pretty good.The restaurants are all way overpriced.The main thing I felt here was that the hotel was kind of generic nice.  Beautiful but no soul.  Definitely go back with the right deal.Mig, not turning cartwheels but pleased
5	My Boyfriend and I had a great time at Aria.  It was my boyfriend's first time in Vegas and I had been once, stayed at MGM before.  Aria was a lot more modernized than MGM. The room was beautiful, two person stand up shower, and the view was amazing. There is a lot to see in Vegas but every day we were excited to come back and hang out in the room because it was just that nice. Great experience, will recommend to others!
4	I've stayed at Aria back in 2010/2011 and our recent stay was a great refresh on why I love it so much...  This go round, we stayed at Aria for three nights and I must say that it is as excellent as I remembered.  Where do I begin?The rooms are...  Oh my gosh - if you do not get a good night of rest in this bed - you are truly missing out on something OR perhaps you're out all night partying/gambling.  The beds are the best part of my stay. They are cozy and the rooms are well ventilated and spacious.  The automated curtains and lighting are also super fun and the block out shades help with sleeping.   I also love the bathroom layout.. the shower and tub.. genius! I always bring extra cleaner - scrub the tub down - and then relax for a nice bubble bath. Second thing you must do while staying at Aria -- order room service! You may think that Vegas is all about the nightlife... but trust me, order the Belgian waffle and a side order of the chicken tenders for a lovely take on the chicken + waffle craze. Enjoy it while in your pajamas and it beats anything happening on The Strip. ;)The customer service is always top-notch - the staff is always friendly, knowledgeable and courteous.  I look forward to our next visit. psThe sports book is now smoke free! Which was a welcome treat for me as I do not smoke and hate hanging out watching the games with my husband while suffocating in smoke fumes.
4	Great room and even better in room dining staff. Check in line was a little long but everything else was easy thanks to the technology available (TV check out from room). Valet was easy and quick service each morning. I would stay again or recommend to others.
2	This is my fourth time staying at the hotel and I must say that the quality of service, venue up keep, and overall hotel experience is NOT what it used to be. We pay way too much money to stay here for it NOT to be up to par!!!
4	Just came back from a stay at the Aria and I absolutely fell in love with the hotel. The hotel is beautiful and service is great from the staff all around.The room - Spacious with the most comfortable bed I've slept in. My girlfriend and I don't normally sleep for 8 hours at a time but we did at the Aria. The casino - Dealers were very friendly and were not robot-like as you can find in other casinos. Very comfortable atmosphere.The spa - $30 will get you an all day pass to an excellent spa featuring hot tubs, ice pool, eucalyptus steam room, sauna, salt room, hot stone bed, infinity pool, as well as drinks and snacks. An easy way to spend a few hours to unwind.The pool - The hotel has 3 elliptical shaped pools. The water temperature was just right and I loved the entry to the pools. The only problem was that the pools were too shallow - only 3 feet deep.The only issue I had was with housekeeping. For some odd reason, they failed to make up my room 2 days in a row. That was very odd.But overall, I loved the hotel and will definitely go back for another stay.
4	1st I should tell you that this was my 1st trip to Vegas.  I stayed in one location for a night before my reservation at Aria.  However, I walked through many of the other hotels during this trip (at least 10).  I really liked the beauty of Venetian, Bellagio, and Caesar's, but Aria is PERFECT for me!  This is why...Atmosphere:  I loved the contemporary feel and decor.  Nice colors throughout.  I like the high ceilings.  I am glad the casino was small as I didn't have to smell like smoke when I walked to the elevator to my room.  VERY CLEAN.  I REALLY enjoyed the music being piped through the hotel, which is dance & techno.  My husband and I could of easily been caught dancing in the elevator.Staff:  Very friendly.  Great service in all areas.  I even had a service in the spa.  There was inconsistencies in the room service.  Each time my room was serviced I ended up with different items in bathroom.  Room:  I loved my room.  Again contemporary.  Nice decor.  Easy to sleep with subdued colors.  Bed I was comfortable and felt like it kept my body temp.  Can I take it in my luggage?  It's all automated.  GET THE LESSON FROM THE BELLHOP.  We  didn't and regretted it.  I was located in a room looking out to Cosmopolitan; this was NOT IDEAL as they have a day & night club.  Loud and distracting.  I was able to block it out and fall asleep, but my husband was not.  We will be asking for a room far from that next time.  EXCELLENT in-room dining for breakfast, although costly.  Pool:  Simple pool areas.  Bathroom facility was very clean.  HIGHLIGHT- Aria provides spring water stations with cups for pool guests.  Very thankful as I drink a lot of water and didn't have to go far for it.  Have friendly waitresses, but could use more.  Good system to get food delivered.  Think Aria should consider a system to gain waitress service for drinks.  I've seen some resorts use a little flag.  I WILL BE BACK.
5	As a first-time visitor, I was extremely impressed with how beautiful and fancy this hotel is. There is so much to look at, just walking around on the first floor which is the size of a small shopping mall (it was more than a quarter mile walk from my hotel room to the convention center, according to my fitbit). I thought the room was very cozy and nice-- I loved the walk-in shower/tub. Housekeeping kept me well-supplied with little shampoos/lotions. Wifi is free for the basic level, or you can pay $49 (!!!) to double the speed for 48 hours.I wasn't much a fan of the touch-screen remote to control all of the lights, TV, curtains, etc. because the touch pad was sensitive and would sometimes skip past the channel I was trying to get to, and the lighting setup was confusing. Go to turn off some lights and it ends up turning off EVERYTHING and shutting the curtains. The pool is decent, but definitely more adult-oriented (no slides or fun stuff for kids). The gym was great -- they provide towels and free water bottles. It's a large gym so there are plenty of machines available. The convention center was gorgeous and, I'm not sure if this is a reflection on the hotel or the convention I attended, but they provided refreshments and snacks at every break (so every hour) and the breakfasts and lunches were the same food you would get in The Buffet (AKA super yummy without having to fork out $$$).
5	Really nice centrally located resort hotel and casino. Compared to some hotels it wasn't as smokey. The building is airy and has a lot of art. It also has a lot of food to choose from. They are all pricey restaurants, so be prepared to pay a lot for your meals. We were here as a family so we didn't get to the casinos. The hotel room was beautiful. Simple design. Comfy bed and nice bedding. Combined shower and bath tub. The neat thing was the controls for the lights, curtains, room temperature and TV. The control panel is by the bed. Starbucks is located on the Promenade level. Or you head over the the other Starbucks at The Crystals is which is connected to the Aria. It is a super fancy mall with high end brands (Prada, Gucci, Miu Miu, Stella McCartney, Hermes, Tom Ford, etc). If you are looking for not mainstream shopping, the Mile Long mall is about a 15 minute walk. As well as mainstream food.  As for this place being good for families, there is the pool, walking around the strip (my daughter loved the M and M store down the road), or riding the tram. Others or bring some things to keep kids entertained (tablet, small toys, coloring books). Overall this resort is clean, safe and isn't as smokey.
4	Just finished an awesome 3 - night stay ... Overall great! Never felt that 'overcrowded' feeling I oi ft en get at the offer large Vegas resorts.  Staff was consistently great. Food was delicious (especially the 3am pizza at 550 (sp?)).Only two things bugged me;  no in room coffee in the am and the room remote was cool but a pain to change the tv. (not so bad,  I mean, who goes to Vegas to watch TV? )
1	Unauthorized Charges on my Credit Card:I booked a reservation at the Aria and ended up cancelling that one and setting up a new reservation after finding a better deal for being an MLife gold member.  However, the Aria still charged me a deposit for two reservations and refuses to assist in the removal of the other charge.  Their phone help has been giving me the runaround.  I'm now on the phone with my credit card company to get them involved.  I have to say this is incredibly disappointing and leaving a very bad taste in my mouth.  I'm hoping this situation can be rectified and I get the chance to enjoy my stay in a few weeks. Until then, I recommend double checking your credit card statements for unauthorized charges!
4	Overall, our 5 night stay here was pleasant. The room was nice, and because it was my birthday they sent up some macarons. The cons: Shortly into our stay we noticed that one of the bathroom sinks wasn't draining properly. We aren't big complainers so we just shrugged and started using the second sink instead. However, by the 2nd or 3rd day, both sinks were clearly clogged and it would take around 30 minutes to drain. My husband would shave, and because it took SO long to drain, the hair would still be there once the water finally drained-- it was gross, to put it shortly. We decided to talk to the management in the morning (to see if we could get upgraded or moved to a different room with properly working sinks). They claimed that they couldn't move us to a different rooms because there weren't any available-- which is interesting because we had just seen a huge line of people checking out, and in addition to that, it was a week day which is when hotels are less busy.  Instead, they offered to send maintenance up and gave us a $50 dining credit. We assumed the sinks would be fixed right away, but it was already late into the afternoon and the maintenance person didn't show up, so we called the front desk again. They fixed it by that evening. Honestly, it would've been nice to have gotten a discount on our stay since we had to go through a hassle in getting our sinks fixed. Oh well!
4	This hotel has great service and amenities. I was thoroughly impressed during my stay. The gambling was on par for the other higher end casinos. My friends and I enjoyed Haze nightclub (entry included w/hotel stay). The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the off strip location. However it is conveniently adjacent to the Cosmopolitan.
3	I booked Aria via Expedia promotion. It was great package deal of airfare and accommodation with $75 food/beverage credit!When we arrived, the Check-in service was quick and front staffs were friendly.Our room was clean and comfortable, however, no safe in the room. The hotel room space around 500 sq ft, just a bit small than other hotels. The remote-controlled options in the room was interesting, it was difficult at times to get some things to operate the way I wanted them to. If they have promotion deal in the future, I probably would stay here again.
5	Booked a room here this past summer. I was delighted with the view of the room. The room was big enough for two or more people. I had the room to myself but did have friends over, and it was not crowded. This room definitely made me want to lay down and enjoy the room itself. The restroom was great, very spacious. The toilet had its own little door for privacy. The shower was small but there was a bath tub. Did not use the tub, so no comment there. The casino itself was big and well kept. There is a bakery place downstairs, with delicious crepes. Be ware, the morning lines are long. Plan ahead. Will stay here when i do come back. First time in Vegas had to stay at Aria. Treat yourself!
5	I've been coming and going to Vegas since I was 6 years old...as a kid, Excalibur was the coolest hotel in the world to me...now as an adult, I've never had more fun at a hotel.Just the gadgetry in the room kept us entertained for a solid hour, flipping on and off the lights with the touchpad, goofing around with the curtains using the switches on the wall, and testing to see if the master turn off switch really turned everything off...I was a kid in a candy shop!I lost who knows how much on the blackjack tables, but made it all back at the Craps tables.The hotel staff was better than most and the security guards were on top of checking the room keys which made me feel better about keeping my bikes in my room.As expected, the fridge was booby trapped with a 30 second switch, so we couldn't keep our drinks in the fridge. The view from my room was pretty epic as well. We woke up to seeing hot air balloons taking off towards the red rock mountains with the sunrise reflecting back the solid orange and reddish hues. Good Stuff.I posted a picture of the view from our room. Not bad at all. Overall, it maybe, just maybe as cool to me as an adult as Excalibur was to me as a kid.
5	Aria Hotel is one of the best hotels I have stayed in LV..  Their Sky Suits rank some of the best in the category.  The amenities are fantastic and room service is best in class. Aria Hotel is my new go to when in Vegas!
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here for 10 days in May. This was our first time to Vegas and we were excited! As soon as we exited our shuttle, the bell person offered to hold our bags if we couldn't check in immediately. As we walked in to check in, it was a little confusing because we weren't sure where to go. Everyone at the desk had 'Check Out' above them (we were there before 8 am). But we stood in line and we were able to check in early (Score!!). In regards to the incidental deposit we were able to void charging privileges and have our deposit at $200 for the stay instead of the $130/day deposit. Check in took between 5-10 minutes and we were on our way. There is someone checking for room keys before you can get to the elevators. And every 7 floor, I believe, had a separate bank of elevators (6 elevators), so wait time was very minimal. The hallways are pretty long and we were towards the end of hallway but nothing unmanageable. The room was beautiful and the perfect size for my boyfriend and I. The room for the most part was clean, however we did find a Starbucks stirrer on the floor. And twice throughout our stay, the maid did not replace our used toiletries, which is the reason for docking one star. We also never received turn down service even though we requested it.The 10 days there was amazing and we can't wait to return!
4	I would rate this as one of the upper echelon hotel and casinos on the strip, easily. Beautiful wall waterfall on the outside and a modern/sleek decor on the inside. The crowd is a good looking one, probably 32 would the be average age of the clientele. Stayed in Vegas for a few nights, wanting to play some poker. I think this is one of the better poker rooms that I've visited (Fall 2014). There are 2 daily tournaments (1pm and 7pm) that are $125 per entry. The cash game are mostly 1-3 and 2-5 no limit holdem and maybe one or two pot limit omaha game. Real lively poker room, with good cocktail service. They give you bottles of Fiji just to give you an idea.
5	Recommendation:  Take it all off!  Get in the bed nude!  (Stop it.  I'll get back to this).Note:  This review is for Aria Sky Suites, the hotel within the hotel.One of only 83 Forbes Five Star and a AAA Five Diamond award winner, Aria Sky Suites is the pinnacle of "rentable"  Vegas experience (once again, stop it).  This is the home of the much talked about Sky Villas.The experience begins with complimentary airport limo service.  Arrival through a gated, private entrance.  Extends to a private checkin where your daily news paper choices are noted, your personal itinerary discussed (if you used the concierge book shows and make dining reservations - best seats and impossible to get tables included) then  you are swept to your suite.Suites and villas are contemporary with excellent finishes.   Yes, you will probably play with the kitchen faucet for five minutes before finally figuring out how to turn it on, another five staring at a 5'x5'x2' "cube" and wondering who would want to sit on that until you try it and yet another thirty trying to program your room kicking yourself for telling the bell man you could figure it out on your own.  In the end, high tech and comfortable.Master bathrooms are massive.  Each bedroom has its own.  Marble and glass throughout, his and her vanities, separate area for the ladies to pretty themselves up, separate tub, steam shower, separate water closet with heated seat and washlet, and full walk in closet with a safe large enough for most full size notebooks..  That little zip-lock bag slowing you down at TSA?  Forget it.  All toiletries are provided.  Teeth too good for Colgate?  Contact the concierge and have whatever you want ordered to your suite.No worrying about throwing used towels on the floor to be replaced.  If it's used it's changed (including your sheets), not once but twice daily with turndown service.   The bedtime chocolates are wonderful.Friendly and professional service throughout with no air of snootiness. Suites start around $600 per night for high level mLife members.  Book through the mlife.com for the best rates.  You do need to pay the dreaded "resort fee" but for the budget conscious, there is a 24/7 private lounge that provide all the bottled water, juices, soda, coffee, tea, and fruits you want.Oh yeah, the sleeping naked tip.  Just do it.  Sheets are softer and more inviting than any clothes you probably own.  Turn down the AC and enjoy the cocoon of comfort.
3	I have to comment on the room.  The air filter in my room had not been cleaned ever.  The shower/bath combo... The wall grout was moldy.  The shower door leaked all over the slippery floor.  My boyfriend slipped and caught himself.  Figuring out all the buttons on the clock and around the room is annoying.  Also, $11 for gummy bears was insane.
4	Aria is an excellent argument for a 1/2 star system. They're not 4, they're not quite 5, they're right in the middle. Aria is definitely a modern take on Vegas and you can see their efforts in the rooms. From remote control curtains and touch screen remote control next to the bed, you definitely appreciate the modern touches. The view was also great with over-sized ceiling to floor windows overlooking part of The Strip. If you wanted to do Vegas and never leave your hotel, Aria has almost everything you need -- but then again so do most other Vegas hotels. The Spa was cool, if a bit overpriced. Same for the Brunch Buffet ($100+ for 2 people). The service was acceptable for Vegas, but definitely not the 5-star you would expect from a place charging premium prices. At times they were very accommodating - quick room service and surprisingly good food. But other times, I felt like I was in a Holiday Inn - they couldn't bring scissors up to my room to open a package I bought at their gift shop. The lady at the front desk was friendly and sent up a little "treat" when we mentioned that we were in town as part of our honeymoon.Overall I expected more for the price but you can't go wrong if you want a solid experience and are willing to pay a little more for it.
1	Wow. Are u kidding us?  I'm not sure if I'm at a dumpster with lounge chairs or if I'm at a pool in New Orleans the day after Fat Tuesday?!?!The amount of trash all over the place is unbelievable??Get your act together aria and clean this place up. What a disgrace!!Are you on a hiring freeze?  We've been here for 3 hours and there is hardly any waitstaff?  We were lucky to get 2 drinksI was going to bring clients here next month - no way would I do that now. When you lay at the pool bar - YOU WANT SERVICE!!!
3	We booked a three-night stay here.  We booked a non-smoking City-view King room, and warned them that we'd be checking in very late (our plane arrived at midnight).  After an exhausting trip, we got to the check in desk to find that we were the only one in line and the four agents were helping other customers.  But as soon as one customer finished up, the agent closed her station instead of helping us.  Not a good first impression.  That was when we were told that our room was a "smoking optional" room and that our "non-smoking" reservation was "just a request."  Well, that wasn't how it was presented to us when we booked.We got to the room, which we were assured would not smell, and it reeked.  My husband was up coughing all night.  I had problems of my own.  The beds at Aria are ridiculously soft.  You literally sink into the mattress and there is no support.  All night I tossed and turned between nightmares of being stuck on high-gravity planets, being swallowed by pit monsters, being paralyzed, and sinking into quicksand.  And the "blackout" curtains leak a lot of light from the top and bottom, so in the morning when the sun rose at 7AM, I had no choice but to wake up with it, in spite of having fallen asleep at 2:30.To be fair, the rooms themselves are gorgeous.  The decor is sumptuous but modern and tasteful and every room juts out a bit to give you a bit of a corner view.  The curtains and sheers open and close with the touch of a button and all the lights are on wall controls.  A single touch of a button by your bedside turns of all the lights and closes the curtains for you.The lobby and public spaces are really cool with an eclectic modern decor worthy of the newest cruise ships.  There's always some new detail to discover.  The buffet is extensive and we didn't have wait in lines, but the food wasn't any better than a buffet in, say, Reno.The second night they moved us to a larger room on a higher floor that was nonsmoking.  That was much better, but I still had a lot of trouble with the mattress.  I woke up at 3:30 AM with a horrible pain in my back (I do have some back issues, but I usually don't have trouble with hotel mattresses).  I finally put the two lounge chairs in the room together and slept on those, which was an improvement, but still not comfortable.  I don't know why Aria has chosen to go to such an extreme with their mattress selection.  It's like sleeping on a sack of peanut butter.  That morning, I told my husband that we had a choice: we could either risk moving to a new hotel and eat the third night we'd booked at the Aria or I was buying a ticket home for that afternoon.  We checked out and went to the Mandarin Oriental.I won't comment on the bars or casinos because I scarcely drink and we don't gamble.  We did have one drink at the Lobby Bar and, while it took a while for the waitress to take our order, the service after that was swift and polite.
1	Pretty disappointed. Didn't get the room that we booked (king size), instead we got a 2 queen that's a shared room since they have our room away! (a door in between). And the neighbors were loud! Not to mention that we're on our honeymoon for the weekend. Front desk is aware and comp us with $100 credit worth of anything in the hotel (buffet, etc) upon check in. They said if we booked with a diff company (Expedia) which is incorrect 3rd party btw; there is a guarantee in a spot but not the specific room. Wth?!Even with the comp credit - disappointed with the experience thus far. If it's any other day - fine. But it's our honeymoon.If anything upgrade us, not downgrade us. Should have gone with other hotels.
4	I would actually give them 4.5 stars but Yelp won't let me do that.I actually had my stay at the Aria recently and am updating my review based on that.  With respect to the credit card issue, it took about 3 weeks after cancellation and a post on Yelp to get this rectified.  I still recommend watching your credit card statements because they were definitely a surprise.The hotel itself is pretty nice.  It's a newer hotel compared to the Bellagio and you can see that during the stay.  The bed is as comfortable as others have noticed and the rooms were clean.The food selection at the Aria is fantastic.  I am one of those folks who hates dressing up but still likes having nice dinners.  Most restaurants at the Aria allow casual dress but still have excellent quality.  Happy Hours are plenty.  A number of the restaurants on site have happy hours with discounted food and drink.Awesome spa.  I bought a pass to use the spa facilities (around $30-$35) I believe.  The spa facilities include use of a private pool, multiple Jacuzzi's (Cold, Warm, and Hot), sauna and eucalyptus steam room, salt room, and Japanese Stone beds.  All of them were awesome.  The amenities are also some of the best I have seen out there.There were some things that kept me from giving them the full 5 stars.  Most of the reasons are based on my past experiences at the Bellagio.  Both are MGM properties and both are AAA 5 diamond award winners.  Here are some things that the Aria does not do:1. Turn down service is not done for standard rooms2. Location.  It is a little more of a challenge to get anywhere outside of City Center from the Aria.  Even with the train, it's still a pain to get anywhere3. Level of service was kind of dry.  Not sure what it was but I didn't feel as though the staff was willing to do what it takes to make a customer happy.I'm glad I had a chance to try the Aria out.  I will definitely be back for their awesome restaurant selection in the future and possibly stay there if the price is right.
5	Best place I have identified for a totally modern experience in Las Vegas. Extremely good values for room, amenities, restaurant choices, overall location on the strip, and of course entertainment. Shopping opportunities are excellent, as the location is close to Crystals, Shoppes at Mandalay Bay, and of course The Forum Shops. Big deal, so they don't have low quality coffee in the room....You can have all the coffee you desire at any one of 6 casual restaurants...I would return in a heartbeat...also a nice mix of guests...Bye the way, the pool and spa and fitness center are all first class...Stayed there for three days and did not have to leave the premises...
4	best bed ever!
3	Well lots of reasons to like and not like this place so I'll start with the likes.The building is very cool state of the art and has one of the greenest ratings in all of Vegas. Its extremely modern so if you're looking for that chandler and mosaic tile feel you wont find it here.The rooms were great very high tech with very comfortable beds and pillows.Two drinks at the pool bar $66 bucks yikes.90 mins to check in! CrazyGreat location Great shopping, shows and restaurants-I would have given 4 stars but it was just to modern for me.I would recommend this place and if your looking for cutting edge modern feel this is the place to stay.
5	Yes it's expensive, and yes it can be noisy, large, and overwhelming really crowded, but over the service, and the sweeping views of the valley from a high floor rooms, and that enormous bathroom with the amazing amenities.  After having experienced a few disasters of neighboring properties, I will never leave the aria again. The rooms are spacious, well appointed, and beautifully maintained. As importantly, everyone from the front desk to housekeeping is outstanding and so well-trained. It is worth every penny.
4	We visited the Aria back in 2012 and wanted a re visit, we spend the first part of our stay in Vegas at the Cosmopolitan next door but due to the overwhelming amount of Hotels in Las Vegas we decided that we wanted to spend it in two hotels so the Aria was our second choice.We arrived around 6pm and there was no queue at the Reception so we was checked in right away, we had also received a complimentary upgrade to a Strip/City View, i had asked for a high floor and the highest they could put us was the 22nd, the hotel did not seem full so I'm not sure why they couldnt have put us on a higher floor but the 22nd was great!! We arrived into our room and the music on the TV came on automatically, and the blackout curtains begin to open to show you the view, a really cool idea! I also loved the remote controlled device where you could change the lighting,the TV,the automatic curtains and other parts of the room, the bed was also very comfortable, parts of the room was looking a bit dated from the bedside cabinets and wardrobes, but apart from that a really nice room with a great view of the Aria and parts of the Las Vegas Strip.What i love about this Hotel though is the chilled out vibe,everywhere seems really relaxed including all of the employees who work at the Aria.The pool area is also really nice and one of the main reasons why we came back, we love the pool areas alot and loved the chilled out music begging played from the speakers, all the pool attendants was really friendly and couldnt do enough to help, though drink prices are really expensive around the pool, we paid $17 for two beers which was a bit crazy but this can be expected from the Pool bars in Vegas.We had a superb stay in the Aria and we look forward to staying there again in the near future.
4	This was my third trip to Vegas and my experience at the Aria was top notch!   They live up to their five diamond designation and sophisticated design.   Our room was spectacular.   We did not have a strip view, but a gorgeous view of the mountains and the Monte Carlo.   The room was impeccably appointed with modern, luxurious decor.   The technology was really fun.   As others have noted, the curtains opened to greet us when we entered the room.   The control panel allowed us to control the electronics for the entire room without ever leaving our bed!We had 2 queen beds as requested, and they were very comfortable.   Each bed came with a practical tower of incredibly soft, comfortable pillows.   The bathroom was beautifully laid out in what appeared to be some kind of marble.   I cannot sing the praises enough of the Concierge desk.   All of our interactions with them were fun, helpful, and quickly responded to.   They always worked hard to help get our reservations, questions, or concerns addressed with a  smile.  We had great experiences in the casino, the lobby bar, Julian Serrano, Sage, and Cirque du Soleil as well.As others have noted, the Aria is pricey.  Cocktails at the pool will run you a minimum of $20 per mixed drink in general, but that's Vegas!   Vegas is not a budget vacation destination and the Aria lives into making it feel like a luxury experience.A couple of customer service notes:1.  We checked in with a large group at the end of Columbus Day weekend.   We waited in line for check-in nearly 30 minutes and they seemed a little bit unprepared for the rush.   A group check-in desk for large parties would be REALLY helpful.2.  When we arrived, a room was not ready for us until after 4 PM Vegas time despite the fact check-in is 3 PM.   It took two visits and a $10 tip for the concierge to get us into a room.   We had left the East Coast at 5 AM that morning and were utterly exhausted.  3.  The toilet in our room didn't work upon our arrival and it took about 24 hours to get it repaired.   That's a pretty basic, essential part of my expectation of a hotel, and I would have liked to have seen a more urgent, timely response.  Otherwise, a wonderful visit!!
5	Aira is amazing. Such a complete, wonderful experience. They have thought of everything, and you will be totally comfortable. There is endless fun things to do, and an amazing social atmosphere across all of the gaming and dining options. You must at least visit Aria while you're in Vegas, it's stunning.
4	Came here to see the new Circus Ole show and dinner.  The hotel and casino are one of the most modern on the strip and the ambiance is quite striking.   And all this at a price of course !!!  Very nice to stop in at but perhaps to spend any significant time you might consider it a place for special occasions !!!
5	Aria was absolutely amazing. I loved every minute of my stay. If you are looking for comfort, class and relaxation between all of the crazy vegas partying this is the place for you. From the complimentary robes, to the bath tub, to one touch button that shuts the curtains and the lights, these little comforts go a long way. There is also a large variety of delicious restaurants. We ate at Sage and it was a great experience. I will stay at Aria every time I visit Vegas, no hesitation. This is really how I feel.
5	Michelle @ Aria Reservations is the best - and their phone reservation system is a delightful, no-wait surprise direct to her (or others') help!  I've visited Aria via a friend's reservation in the past, and have had nothing but a perfect experience there at one of Vegas's newest hotels.  In this case, I had discounted rates for a conference, I didn't get any confirmation emails (Aria's email notifications may not all be going thru), so I called up Michelle.  She went above-and-beyond to remind me of a past reservation I earlier made there at half the price (I did have a later calendar invite to cancel it!), and switched me over hassle-free.  I was just impressed by the amount of care she took into making my reservation perfect (early checkin, late checkout).  And to find that she's been working there for many years as the one & only Michelle - such people are gems to encounter.  Hope she gets the recognition she deserves!
2	well the service at the check in was great however when I booked i thought that i only owed 1/2 come to find out i had to pay 1/2 plus the resort fee, plus tax , plus a 250 Deposit  that would be returned to my account in 10 to 12 business days? So that peeved me a bit, rooms were clean nice view but the beds were terrible! I litterly sank into the pit of doom in the middle of the bed.....the beds were terrible waaaaayyyy to soft.....two drinks at the lift bar were pricy too 40 bucks for two drinks....whewww....the Aira is nice but i have have stayed at better places......i think it was too much money for what it was next time I will stay at the Cromwell worth the money for sure! And the Haze Nightclub total joke, rude $$$$$ and all MEN! Slimy ones at that.....
3	This review is just for the casino floor as I have yet to stay at Aria but friends of mine have. Aria looks breathtaking structurally from the outside as you drive in from the strip and into the City Center. The little fountains of dancing water and the lights showcasing them, as well as the buildings of the resort also. Very modern and right in line with all the new hotels in Vegas.But the one thing I noticed when I first walked in here the first few months they were open and on recent trips since is that it's dark in this hotel. I mean, I felt like my eyes were deceiving me but the dim lighting on the casino floor and surrounding areas did not leave a good impression on me. I'll never forget it cause I was thinking that and remarked to my friends in amazement how a brand new (at the time) hotel & casino that was the epicenter of the City Center (also brand new at the time) could be so poorly lit?!? Not good... And also there are a lot of "dead" zones and corners that are just wasted space within the casino floor and the 24 hour restaurant/cafe towards the back of the property. And I cant go without reviewing the valet. Valet lane is a bit confusing and hard to spot at first with their signs being so small. By the time you realize you've mistakenly taken the thru-traffic or taxi lane, it's too late and you gotta go all the way around to finally valet your car. Valet pickup is a decent setup with a nice air-conditioned room for you to wait in with magazines & vending machines. Not sure how long they expect you to wait for your car but that was an interesting touch. I thought the placement of the valet being all the way towards the front end of the Aria property was too long of a walk. You actually leave the casino through 2 sets of double doors before you reach the valet station to drop off your ticket. I might be hypercritical but ease & convenience of valet dictates where I like to stay in Vegas sometimes... That and a well-lit casino & resort.
5	We just got back from LV and except for my losing ways, had a great vacation.  A large part of our overall satisfaction was because of our stay at the Aria.  It is a beautiful hotel (although a little dark if you ask my wife) on the strip, within proximity of many options for dining and shopping.  Many people don't seem to understand that staying on the strip is expensive so you gotta take what you can get.  The Miracle Mile is just across the street for shopping and some cheap eats.  We also walked leisurely to the Cosmopolitan, Monte Carlo, and New York. New York during our stay.  The MGM and Paris were options we weren't able to get to, but are also within walking distance.The Aria's modern decor made it feel fresh and open. Some of the more ornately styled hotels feel stuffy to me.......maybe it's all in my head, but the high ceilings in the casino  definitely made things less smokey.Lots of buttons in the room.  Controls for lights and drapes were so convenient-I really miss them.  The alarm clock has a big well-lit face.  Beside being easy to read, it provided just enough light to get me to the bathroom in the middle of the night.  We did have a small problem connecting to the hotel's Wi-Fi, but a call to the concierge got us connected to their tech support and we were soon in.The room was clean and spacious.  It was thoughtfully and tastefully furnished.  the bed was soft-the wife loved it, but I like my bed a little more firm.  We both liked having the commode separated from the rest of the bathroom, but there wasn't a place to put my reading material (did I just complain about that?).  Two sinks was very nice as was having his and her closets.  A curious thing was having the shower in the same cubicle as the soaking tub.  I guess you shower and then jump in the tub, but I decided to wait while the wife soaked so as not to splash her.....chivalry is not dead!Everybody has bad days. and some people do not belong in service industries, but I think if you are nice to people-they ought to be nice back.  I had no problems at the Aria......I wish I could say I'm lucky, but my skinny wallet says different..........
3	Simple and to the point 1. No in room coffee maker.  You must hi downstairs to Starbucks or another lower level French coffee shop.  Hearing to expect long lines.... We'll see.2. Super dark casino area...making for a somewhat dark entire first level.3. -2- service calls for assistance with the tv. This in just the first morning after our 3pm check in. 4. Unless you want to spend 30 minutes upon check in reading about how to operate your room...book elsewhere.  Just too high tech for the average traveler.   Unless you're under 25.5.  Lighting in the rooms is "low".  While I applaud them for their LEED certification, additional lighting options would be nice.  6. No automatic doors when arriving with your luggage... And no one to assist except for your friendly fellow check in client ( if your lucky)Final thought: my husband and I won't be staying here again.
1	Completely unacceptable experience!  Booked a corner suite at this establishment for a long weekend in addition to booking 3k in entertainment and restaurant reservations.  Stood at the reception desk for over an hour with no explanation from Management as to why our room was not ready.  Then when we were finally given our room nothing worked.  TV Phone nothing including Aria's signature control 4 technology.  We could not even turn on the tv to watch college football or call down for room service.  This problem persisted for the entire visit with no explanation from management with the only solution being the offer of a $350 food and beverage credit to compensate for a $1500 dollar hotel room that was far below standard for a holiday Inn let alone a resort of this supposed quality.  The service was horrible and hotel management obviously had no interest in making thing right from a compensatory standpoint.  It was obvious to me that they are accustomed to disappointing their guests.  Last time I will ever stay at this hotel or any other in it's management group we will be going back to the Wynn!
5	I really like this hotel- as a Marriott affiliate, they take good care of you if you have status. Got a wonderfully large room with a huge balcony overlooking the strip. Check-in was fast, and the location is decent in the middle of the strip. Casino and restaurants are just so-so though, would gamble elsewhere.
4	re:  ZarkanaStayed off the strip, because not too many hotels allow pets!  Saw Zarkana here which had it's good and bad, but overall it was enjoyable as most Cirque shows are.  We arrived early to walk around the casino, and the casino is by far extremely nice.  Everything is high quality and state of the art.  Will this casino be in favor 10+ years from now?  Who knows what peoples taste are and unfortunately, unless one can make a classic design like the Bellagio, few hotels will be that successful.  The theatre for Zarkana is very nice.  Definitely hope to visit this venue again.  This resort is definitely worth walking through.
5	This review is mainly based on Zarkana. It was my birthday present to see Zarkana with my boyfriend thanks to MyVegas. First, MyVegas booked the wrong time for both of our tickets, but Jose at the box office was awesome. He just ran his fingers on the keyboard to fix everything and did. We ended up getting center seats! They were more in the back, but still decent seats. Well, we wound up getting lost and missed half the show. I was so upset, but Angel, an usher, talked to JJ , the manager, for us and got us tickets for the same seats and same time for the next day! That was so amazing of her to do that. Come the next day, we meet with Devin at the box office and he is a super nice guy! He asked us about our plans and why we were out there. We mentioned my birthday and he gave us some great recommendations for food and such. When he printed out our tickets, Devin gave us an awesome surprise...7th row seats! They were amazing! It was so cool being that close! Aria's staff at the Zarkana box office really made our weekend. Thanks! :)
5	Aria has a pretty good buffet for $50. The shopping mall is one of the most impressive in all of vegas. I believe Aria is very selective in who they let rent inside. Just by the looks of it you can tell they hired some of the world best architectural designer. You will find nothing but high end boutique stores. Rent for a fact is outrageous. I heard that Louis Vuitton pays $100,000 for their 2 story store.
5	I can't believe this place doesn't have a higher score, it must be from bitter losers. This casino is awesome, and the restaurants are amazing. The rooms are super classy too! For example, we walked into our suite and the curtains opened up automatically! The whole place is modern & trendy, which we love. The dealers at the tables also had great personalities, especially Larry at roulette last night. Such a cool guy! Located next to everywhere you want to be on the strip. I'm also not the only one who seems to have better luck at this casino, I've heard this from other people as well. Ultimate Texas Holdem the table game is even hand dealt! Please don't change this! Nowhere else seems to do that, which is why we always choose to gamble here. "Encore!" Wait, I mean "go Aria"! ;)
5	I had an awesome experience staying in one of the Aria sky suites. From the private check-in area behind those gold doors, to the great attention to detail during turndown, service was first class all the way. Only thing that could have been better would be a higher thread count for the bedding.
3	Generally a nice hotel with nice amenities, but Vegas standards are high. The rooms are spacious and clean. The bathroom is delightful, with a luxurious tub (many photos have been posted). The in-room technology is great, though my AC never cooled the room very well. The staff is abundant and attentive. Best of all, the HVAC systems minimize the smoke in the casinos. There are some down sides. First, it seems unremarkable for a newer property on the strip. It is contemporary, but uninteresting. My biggest problem was with the ironing board. They bolted the iron holder to the board, just like a Motel 6 would. Anyone who actually irons will quickly realize that renders half the board useless. Want to iron a shirt, you'll have to iron the back in 3 inch strips. Ironing pants? Plan to move them three times per leg. Pathetic for a hotel that caters to business and upscale travelers.
5	At first I thought a little pricey but it is worth every penny. Everything was delicious except for the crab legs, on the dry side. Other than that I enjoyed every bite.
5	Very happy with the service at Aria.  They even cleaned our room at 7pm at night!  Thank you!!!Quiet, clean, sexy and comfortable hotel.The casino always has a good vibe, great bars and Sage tasting menu was delicious.Thank you for a great stay!
4	I really enjoyed my stay here! Upon entrance to my hotel suite the music automatically turns on and the window drapes automatically open! Very Impressive! Contemporary and new furniture and fixtures. The bath tub/shower condo was a separate glassed room from the vanity and it also had a private toilet area. Perfect city view across from the Monte Carlo. Pay per view was only 11.99 per movie and the casino Craps table was a blast with an awesome staff! Try the Aria buffet. It's the best we had in Vegas! The lines for check in and check out for the hotel, however, were long and so was the delivery time for room service, but other than that this hotel was fab and I will be staying her my next visit to Vagas for sure!
5	Fantastic place to stay. The only downside would be that it might be a bit costly for most people (I'm no exception). Nonetheless, I suppose it is to be expected for a hotel in Vegas. The architecture and design throughout the hotel is fantastic. Service is great and so is the food. Depending on when you're coming, expect some of the following:$300-400+/night$44 buffetFood is roughly $15-20 per entree at the cafe. Misc drinks roughly $5-8 (non alcohol)Awesome mini bar but expect average items to be $7-10 (not including alcohol)$70 - If you need a haircut by hotel barber (had no choice)
5	Have stayed at Aria multiple times, always happy with the place.  The hotel is nice and modern, the rooms are well kept, great bathrooms, like the touchpad room controls even though there is a lag in the controls and they can be tough after a night of drinking, they are awesome.  The staff was very friendly, room service was right on when called.  Check in lines can be long but they do well trying to speed them along.  Generally the place has a great vibe throughout it. The gym is amazing, plenty of equipment and well maintained.  The spa is fantastic but the services are a bit pricy, but it is Vegas so to be expected.  The gambling floor is nice and the dealers can be very helpful to new players.  Only thing I would like to see changed is to get some dealers that are more engaging, they are nice enough but ted to be very quiet and almost disinterested, definitely need some funner dealers.
4	This is my new hotel in Vegas. I would always stay at the Ballagio and i completely fell in love with this place. It is smaller than your "mega casinos" which I love. The rooms here are great and I love the whole property. The service is exceptional. I really loved the pool as well. The food at the pool is pretty good as well. Every room has a view. I opted for the room without a view of the strip and I still had a nice view of another casino. Everything is high tech in the room and I loved it. Check it out. It's an awesome spot.
4	The hotel and conference area is nice and clean.  The employees were very friendly and helpful.  Prices were a bit on the very high side ($38 for the buffet and $7 beers at the bar), but I guess that's typical for the area.
3	Pros: beds are amazingly fluffy- like sleeping on a cloud, restaurants a plenty from american to asian to dessert, separate check in line for those that have mlife unlike Bellagio where they use that as a plus on mlife but is actually not an option. Cons: self park and valet are on the opposite end of the hotel, it's quite a walk over to just get your car, the remote SUCKS...i feel like i'm literally breaking my fingers each time i have to press the button and you have to press it about 5 times before it actually works- and no there's nothing blocking the tv range, it's just awful for some reason.the towels aren't the best- feels like i'm not really dried off and is actually kind of coarse to use.Wifi- it's a hit or miss with wifi, was fine using my computer, phone could not even connect.
5	THE ROOM/HOTEL: This has to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at! I recently stayed here and got a one bedroom Sky Suite. With the sky suites you get an amazing view, chauffeur to and from the airport and so many other perks. The sky suites are a separate building, entrance and check in area from the standard rooms at Aria. Our room was very spacious with a living room, dining room, two bathrooms (one of them being super massive with three sinks and a bath tub in the center) and a bedroom. Whoever thought I would say this but the housekeeping were on point with EVERY LITTLE THING in our room! Our room came out organized and super clean every time they touched up the place. I had to tip her a $20!THE CLUB: We came the last weekend Haze Nightclub was open before they shut down for awhile for remodeling. They played awesome music on Saturday night with DJ E Rock as their resident DJ. It is very much due for some remodeling. In comparison of how it first was when it first opened till now, it's not looking so good. BUT I went there both nights of my weekend and had a BLAST!!! The cocktail waitresses there are so pretty and so nice! THE STEAKHOUSE RESTAURANT: Will do a separate review for that and it was AMAZING! Would definitely go back!
5	A for Aria.During the first leg of my recent Vegas trip, I spent two nights at Aria, one of the many properties in the City Center Complex.  More specifically, our room was within the Aria Sky Suites section of the hotel.  When I was told that the Sky Suites was a Forbes Five Star and AAA Five Diamond award winner, I must be honest and say I didn't understand the significance of those distinctions.  However, after only a two night stay I can truly see why those awards have been bestowed upon them.  Being a guest at the Sky Suites was truly an experience unrivaled and unmatched by any other hotel I've stayed at.As a guest of Aria Sky Suites, your "experience" actually begins upon your arrival at the airport, where the driver of your limo will meet you at your baggage claim.  This service is complimentary and the hotel is accessed via a private entrance/driveway onto the property.  Check-in is also private and is near a lounge area for sky suite guests.Walking to our room, the hallway had a very contemporary 70's-esque look to it.  In any case it was quite unique.  Upon arriving at your room, just lightly tap the key card against the door sensor to center.Amenities of our suite included:*Bar are with mini-fridge, sink, wine bucket, glasses, wine opener, and beer opener as well.*Powder room just off the entrance to the suite.*Spacious living room area with sofa, chairs, coffee table, wide desk, flat screen television and decent-sized table seating four.*Immense and spacious bathroom with closet space, stand up shower, dual vanities and a sizable bathtub positioned in the center.  There's also a dental kit provided with dental floss, toothpaste, and shaving necessities.  *Master bedroom is just as spacious as the bathroom.  In fact, it may nearly be the same size.  The bed is extremely comfortable and the pillows exceptionally soft.  There's also a flat screen tv and a small bench/sitting area at the foot of the bed.*Push button controls for the blinds/shades for the entire room.  There's also a tablet near the bed that houses the "master controls" for the entire suite.  *Turn down service in the evening.  Staff will turn down the bed and provide slippers for guests.  We later discovered all the extra pillows on the bed were placed in the bathroom closet on the top shelf.Other amenities during our stay at Sky Suites included:*Guest lounge in the lobby is stocked with pastries and fruits in the morning as well as coffee and tea.  Guests are also able to retrieve/help themselves to waters and sodas from their mini-fridges.*The aforementioned complimentary limo service/transportation to and from the airport.The Aria property has many features/amenities to keep guests entertained and busy during their stay.  Of course there are the requisite casino, bars, night club and lounges.  In addition, restaurants/eateries and shopping opportunities abound as there are various restaurants within the hotel or next door at the Crystals shopping mall.  There is also a tram that connects the Aria with the Crystals Mall and Bellagio Hotel.Overall, I think I have nothing to complain about.  Well, except the housekeeping staff ringing the doorbell while I was trying to nap.  However, I must excuse them since they were just stopping by to ask if we needed anything, which I thought was very kind.BOTTOM LINE:  A memorable and comfortable stay at Aria Sky Suites.
5	My staff and I just checked out after a great weekend at the Aria. The service was excellent and always polite. The rooms were spacious and very comfortable. There were plenty of amenities and great restaurants nearby and good proximity to the Cosmo and the strip. I was really pleased with the overall experience and extra credit goes to the front desk staff for accommodating us with extra rooms at the last minute. I will definitely be back!
4	Aria isn't in the upper echelon of hotels on the strip, but it's on the high end of the middle tier.  You can usually find a great value deal to stay here, and it's better than what the typical price point would suggest.Some pros: * The air they pump in makes the whole place smells like vanilla* Casino floor is good size* Great center strip location* Still feels newSome cons:* The remote control interface they have is bizarre.  Want to adjust your lights?  You have to use your TV remote.  Accidentally hit the wrong button?  Every light in your room shuts off, it's now pitch black, and you're trying to figure out how to undo that.  For millennials, not that big of a deal... if you're older than that generation or aren't very tech savvy, your room could drive you crazy.  * You almost get the sense walking around the City Center complex that they went out of their way to try to waste space.  Their ceilings are massively vaulted; walking to the "next door" Crystals mall will take you 20 minutes; Aria is on The Strip, but it's a hike to even get to Las Vegas Boulevard because the hotel is set back so far.  It doesn't have the popularity of the Cosmopolitan, and it doesn't have the luxury of the Wynn/Encore/Bellagio tier.  But, when you factor in the value, size of the casino, and location, it's one of my favorite places to stay on The Strip.  Personally, I'd rate it above the Cosmopolitan, unless you're a Marriott points elitist.
1	poor waitress service in the casino!! bad!!!You have to wait sooo long that you can't have fun drinking and gambling. Oh and we got a lame excuse from the waitress boss!! Oh they have a large area!!! Ahhh we come to gamble and have fun so we went to the lift bar and BUY our drinks.  I guess if your not a HIGH ROLLER you don't matter!! Well I'm done with this hotel, will try out the Venetian Hotel check them out!!By the way we are hotel guests!!!
4	I'm on the fence on whether I like Aria or Cosmo better, but I know for sure that I like playing poker in Aria, so it is all the more convenient to stay there.
5	I love this place. The dealers here are always really nice and the staff overall is very helpful. Very lovely green property.
5	Aria Hotel is literally one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. I lost my purse and Duff and Wynn worked so hard to help me find it. They literally went above and beyond their call of duty to help out is a guests.
5	Aria exceeds expectations in every way. From the free in-room WiFi, to the luxurious rooms, and spectacular views, Aria is by far my favorite hotel in Vegas. Not to mention, they have the most comfortable bed I have ever had the pleasure of sleeping in. The buffet was excellent and affordable, with impeccable service all around. We were on the 29th floor and had an amazing view of the strip. My only gripe was that the maid mistakenly took one of our robes with the towels, but it was replaced promptly with no issues. The spa was also affordable, at $30/person per day. That includes the three (clothing optional) hot tubs, eucalyptus steam room, and cedar sauna. Also included was a co-ed outdoor pool, salt room, and hot stone beds. The locker rooms were fabulous, with everything you need for showering, shaving, hair styling, etc. There was even a flat iron and complimentary razors, hair brushes, and makeup remover, among other things.Another plus is the location. This is one of the few hotels that has easy access to practically any other spot on the strip. The free tram is very useful, as is the monorail which is only 5-min on foot.While we didn't hit it big in the casino, we did get plenty of few drinks from the waitstaff, which came by every fifteen minutes or so. This will definitely be my go-to hotel when we return to Vegas!
2	Many other options for the price. We come to Las Vegas about 3x a year and use to like staying here, but the quality and service has gone down. This last visit, we noticed all the wood was scraped up, walls had scratches and marks all over the place. The light in the closet was out and the tv service was out...NO TV. None. Nada. I called the front desk and the woman who answered was pretty rude about it saying they've been working on it all day. I'm sure I'm the bigillionth person to call about it, but you don't need to be rude to me when I'm not rude to you. It just seems the rooms could use a little TLC- I mean a wood pen could fix all the scratches and it's not expensive. Not sure what the previous reviewers mean by "free wifi" because it's only free for 2 hours so I don't know about you, but 2 hours isn't much of anything to me.  I'd actually prefer you didn't tease me with 2 free hours. Kinda lame. Anyway, in summary, use to be nice, but like a lot of other hotels, they fell into a pit. Stay at Cosmo, Wynn, encore, Venetian etc.
1	1 star for the poor customer service! We stayed at the Aria casino just about 2 weeks ago and while leaving the casino i noticed that there was a damage to my car. We decided to go to the the security and file the report and they told us that they'll contact us back within a few business days. Today, I called to follow up on my case since apparently the person who handled my case never contacted me within the "few business days" as I was told and I've learned that my case has been CLOSED! what? closed? since when? The person that was on the phone also stated that Mr. El has made an attempt to contact me on 11/4 (according to their notes), but this is BS because i never received any call nor any voice message. AFter filing the report, we had this gut instinct that we weren't going to win the case anyway, but as a person who walked out with a damage car would like to get some sort of closure from the hotel. This is very unprofessional and Aria that was my very first stay and will be also the last stay with you guys.
2	Clean, but the service is poor and unapologetic, and the rooms are overly complicated with technology and the equipment faulty.During my stay, the TV has gone dark on the entire hotel for several hours, my room control system has inexplicably rebooted itself several times, and my curtains refuse to close!I'm trying to get some sleep, but the electronics refuse to function and there is no manual override for me to simply slide the curtains to a close!To make matters worse, the "IT department", who hold the power to my curtains and sleep, give me no ETA as there are several other callers with similar issues ahead of me!!  Unbelievable!Stay at the Wynn, Aria and most other MGM properties are riddled with unpleasantries.
4	This is my second time staying at the aria. The first time was shortly after it was built. I do have to say that I found the room to be dusty and not cleaned properly and that was upon check-in. The other thing that drives me crazy but the Aria is that they have do not have enough lighting in the rooms.  I asked for additional lighting and they brought some bulbs they were actually higher wattage they helped a little bit but still it was difficult to see to get ready to go out with the room so dark. The other amenities such as the casino the spa and the pool and restaurants were all good
2	I should preface this by saying I'm a bit of a hotel snob. Maybe not "snob", but due to work I've honestly spent multiple years of my life living in hotels, which is more than most people. I've had great stays at inexpensive places because they keep things clean and care about their guests, and I've had lousy stays at expensive places because they don't do these things. Aria falls somewhere in between.Actually no, Aria falls on the lower end of the spectrum.The non-hotel parts are great. The restaurants are nice and overpriced as expected, the casino is lovely, the shops are overpriced as expected, etc. If I didn't actually stay there, I probably would have given it 4 stars.However, the room quality was lousy. First off, there was a big section of peeling wallpaper in the corridor leading to my room. Really? Tape or glue would solve that until it could be properly fixed. I'm shocked that a hotel would allow that to be in the guests' sight, especially when it tries to market itself as luxurious.The room itself was "meh" at best. The bedside tablet to control the room is such a gimmicky joke, and might have been slightly impressive 12 years ago. It's a slow, laggy system with a lousy user interface, and it's completely asinine to use something such as this for simple functions such as changing the channel on the TV or turning the lights on or off. Unfortunately I was stuck using it to change the TV channels because the remote was dead. Speaking of dead, so was the minibar. It was maybe a few degrees below room temperature at the most. If you're going to use convenience to tempt me with soda, sparkling water, and various alcohols at 500% of retail, they at least need to be nice and cold.I ordered room service exactly once and the food was absolutely lousy. I would have thought they could manage a decent bowl of ramen (there are world-class ramen houses literally within a few miles of this hotel, so people around here should know what it's supposed to taste like) and it was beyond disappointing.The kicker is that my opinions are this low when it didn't cost me a dime. Corporate expense account for the lot of it. Had I been actually paying to stay here, I would have checked out within a couple hours of check-in. I can literally say it's barely worth staying here for free. It seems like if you want to drop the cash for one of their upper level suites you can have a great experience, but after this initial experience I'm not going to give them the chance when I come back for pleasure instead of business.To be fair, the Aria did stand out for me in one area, and one area alone: the staff. Everyone I interacted with, from the front desk to the waitstaff to housekeeping to the valets, concierge, casino staff, convention area staff, etc. were all pleasant and professional. The staff are the only reason why this place gets a generous two stars instead of one.
5	Beautiful Corner Suite we reserved. Awesome professional customer service. Very friendly and reasonable pricing.
5	We always stay at Aria. The service and standards keep us coming back. Our last trip was by far the best - the hotel is a few years old now and still has that new feel. Service has only gotten better with time as it seems they have all the kinks worked out by now. Aria is by far my favorite hotel in Vegas!
5	Amazing customer service. Very clean. Their buffet is good and is in the vegas top ten list of good buffets. Idk i just love this place
4	I really like the Aria - brand new and very high end - get ready for more of a high-rollers feel in the casino a lot of the machines and table games in here seem to have a higher minimum, you have to search a bit for the cheaper machines and table games Over all a nice ambiance - definitely a younger more hip crowd, a bit of a smaller sports book. and a good sized casino overall that is pretty easy to navigate - quick tip stay next door at the Monte Carlo where it is a bit cheaper of a room to just crash in and go to the Aria for other experiences to save some money
2	Rude staffThe rooms are nice, room service food was delicious but takes about 45 mins to come to your room. We broke glass in our room and left to go to an event expecting it to be cleaned, nobody cleaned the glass and when we came bak the room was dark my boyfriend cut his foot deeply. We ended up in the hospital, when we came back from the hospital, broken glass was still everywhere on the floor along with blood and this is after the hotel staff already know about the incident. We went to javier's at aria and we weren't happy with a dish. They didn't want to take it off the bill and the manager called aria's security. They were rude and told us they will call the cops on us if we don't pay. I understand if they choose not to do anything about a customer satisfaction, but bringing up the fact that they wanna call the cops on their own hotel resident over not being happy with their food can totally ruin one's trip. It was unprofessional. They treated us like we were some peasants. We were paying so much for the room and room service and everything else to have a nice trip. But this one really ruined everything.At the end we went to management and complained and they said they cant do anything about it and acted all careless. They really didn't care and i am not exaggerating. This is true story word by word. Thank you
2	First time staying at a hotel where nobody came to clean the room, and I even told staff today that I was leaving the room, so it was available.  Very poor service, because someone had to know the room wasn't cleaned.  Nicely appointed room otherwise.  Tomorrow I see if they go two days in a row without room cleaning.
3	$25+tax RESORT FEES per day.Even a motel offer FREE wireless Internet, gym, pool, newspaper, boarding pass printing!  The low advertised rates are misleading because of the hidden resort fee + 12% Tax on room rates (standard?)Self parking folks have to walk across the casino to the guest elevator.  I believe every Vegas hotel is designed that way to entice you to gamble...Regarding the room, overall the room looks very nice and modern. I love the goodnight button and electric curtains. Bathroom is spacious, big tub with shower on the side was a plus.  However, the mattress was way to soft, didnt get much good rest because of it.
3	Room is nice, great view if you're high enough. The buffet is pretty good. But there's something inherently greedy (and tacky) about a place that charges you $25 to rent a fridge for your room because you're not allowed to store your own stuff in the minibar fridge. Not to mention the 60-second rule that has you getting charged for items if you don't put them back in the right place in time.Get a room outside the strip, drive to the hotel of choice and let them valet your car for the price of a small tip. Put that extra money into your entertainment.
5	Have stayed here a few times over the years and its always a first class operation.  The check in is smooth and generally faster than other resorts.  The rooms are large and have a full wall window that brightens up the room if you like or you can push a button and close the motorized drapes. For my first stay, I was somewhat amazed when the curtains opened automatically and soft music began to play as I entered the room, triggered by my room key.  The bathrooms are nice and large and the bed is very comfortable.The casino has the usual variety of gaming with high minimums on the tables.  The air filtration system is excellent in the casino and isn't smoky at all.  The Aria is a nice place to stay if you're looking for a premium hotel in Vegas.
5	Stayed here several times. It's clean it's new and always smells good. Rooms are nice and modern. Inside the casino lobby very modern with great restaurants and bars. I recommend it highly.
5	My boyfriend and I recently stayed here for my birthday weekend (11/29). I had an amazing time. The hotel is magnificent, the staff is friendly, the food is fantastic, the drinks in the lounge are strong, the rooms are clean. A few things, 1, we stayed here Wednesday-Monday and 1 day it took ALL DAY for our room to get cleaned, we had the service light on, we left, we came back, we called and asked for a complete room clean (making of the bed, trash emptied, new towels, the whole works) NOTHING, we called again FINALLY housekeeping arrived and we just asked for fresh towels and the trash to be emptied. 2, the pool hours, why is the pool ONLY open from 9am-5pm, I only got to use the beautiful hot tub one time, I was too busy running around enjoying the Vegas life. I feel the hotel should extend the hours during the week or at least the weekends, maybe 5am-9pm, just something to think about. GREAT GREAT GREAT hotel, minor issues. I would stay here again.
3	Nice hotel. However they nickel and dime you for everything. Room rate does not include resort and WiFi fee of $35 per night. If you try to use WiFi  is the most poor connection. You would ever have. They actually up sell you to a faster speed costing another $25 per night. Don't even try to remove any of the items in the mini fridge as you will be charge after 60 seconds. If you add stuff to the mini fridge it would cost you $25 additional bucks per night.Other than that, I think is a nice hotel. Be ready to wait 45 minutes to get a taxi.
1	I would NOT GO BACK TO ARIA AGAIN. If you look at my previous review, I had a 5 star for Aria. This change is because of the service they provided during my stay this time around. There were 3 major incidents that made me HATE ARIA. I had PRIVATE sign on in my room because I wanted to sleep in. Around 12PM, someone knocks on my door and asks me if I need towels which is bizarre. Why would you ever knock on a room that has a private sign on it in first place and I didn't even ask for towels. Now, if the incident stopped here, I wouldn't mind too much, but this person opens the door using his key which shocked me so much. I was just resting in my bed, but what if I was taking a shower, or doing something else in the room that required privacy? Or perhaps even just changing my clothes? As soon as I heard the door open I quickly told the person that I do not need towels and told him to leave. I left the room the second day with a housekeeping sign on, since I didn't receive housekeeping in the morning. I came back to the room after lunch and looking around some places, but there was no housekeeping done. I was fine with this, because we were outside only for about 2-3 hours. So I simply gave housekeeping a call, and let them know that we will be leaving the room again in about 5 minutes. I told the person that I would be coming back pretty soon and asked for the room to be cleaned meantime. I actually went out that time so that the room could be cleaned, I didn't really want to go out. Anyhow, I came back 2 hours later to find my room in the exact same condition as how it was before I left. I called housekeeping again and told them what happened and they said they will send someone immediately. It was such an inconvenience because I had to leave the room at 2AM so that they can clean it. I was hovering on Aria lobby for over an hour waiting for the room to be cleaned. Terrible experience. After this, I was pretty frustrated and I called the front desk about what happened, especially regarding the person coming into my room. The front desk apologized and told me that they will make sure this never happens again. Lastly, on the third night, again I had the private sign on. Someone again knocks on my door. I was thinking, well this time they won't come in since I called the front desk yesterday. NO. THIS PERSON OPENS MY DOOR AND COMES IN AGAIN. I TOLD HIM TO LEAVE IMMEDIATELY. I called the front desk pretty furious this time. They apologized of course and took the resort fee off and everything. STILL I think this is pretty unacceptable. HONESTLY THIS WAS THE WORST AND MOST SHOCKING HOTEL EXPERIENCE I HAD.
5	What is there not to love about Aria.... It's a Vegas get away must stay!!! We stay in Aria 3 to 4 times a year! Everything you want is in this casino or close by.... They accommodate our every request and have excellent service. Special shot out to Viviane at the players desk... She went out of her way to get all our reservations to a show and dinner!
4	Picture this: you open the door and the lights magically go on, the curtains open, and the tv turns on to welcome you. This is one of the amazing things we experienced staying at the ARIA. They even have a button you can press to turn EVERYTHING off, great for those nights you stumble "home". They have quite the extensive spa that you can purchase a day pass for which comes with a salt room, stone beds, therapuetic outside pool and in the locker rooms saunas and hot tubs. So relaxing! The casino offers many opportunities to gamble and win... and subsequently lose. The restaurants do not disappoint. The location is in the middle of everything and has easy access to the tram and monorail. We love the ARIA!
4	Stayed here one weekend with my girlfriends and loved this hotel! Rooms are very spacious and clean. We had a great view of the city even though it was not facing the strip. Only downside to the room is there wasn't an outlet near the big mirror so some of us girls couldn't use our straightener/curling iron. Also, didn't really like the idea how the bathtub is not separate from the shower. It was a weird layout where you had to step through the shower to get into the tub. But I guess it didn't really matter since we used the tub to fill up our drinks only! Location of the hotel on the strip was perfect. Towards the middle so it was close to the nearby clubs we went to. It is also surrounded by a shopping center with a few high end stores so that was a plus. Would recommend anyone whose visiting Vegas to stay here since both location and price is great!
2	Bummer! We had expected four stars or higher, based on other review systems we had read. The rooms, service, and all things considered do not compare to other "upscale" hotels on the strip. We had a nice room on the 22nd floor with great city view. Yes it is expensive ... but others are as expensive or more so, and worth it. This hotel is NOT worth it, to be frank.Pros:  1) good location/convenient mid-strip; 2) relatively new and not quite as smokey/stinky as some of the older hotels/casinos; 3) gorgeous facade with a water-fall wall, absolutely stunning and unique.Cons: 1) poor lighting in the room; had only a few small lights and lamps; was darkish even during the day with all lamps on; 2) our shower had not been cleaned when we checked in (gross hair-balls stuck along the shower wall); 3) bathroom lighting is also poor; make-up/magnification mirror is useless for additional light; 4) I agree with reviewers below about nickel-and-diming for wi-fi, etc; 5) neither bathroom sink drained, which was gross - both needed serious maintenance; 6) one main light "strobed" all 4 days of our stay blinking furiously, and no one bothered to change it (how could the cleaning staff even stand it?!)We won't return there, unfortunately. Of the 4 hotels we have stayed in at Las Vegas, this one was our least favorite. Go with Wynn or Bellagio for better everything ... and similar price.
4	No problems at check-in.  The suite was nice on the 31st floor.  The bedroom  was well equipped with 3 sinks in the bathroom  hot tub, a shower for 2 or 4. The bathroom was sealed off wirh a glass door. It had a living room.with a bathroom by the entrance of the door.  The only complaint was the sinks drained to slow which turned out to overflow.  We had to call housekeeping to straighten out.  The plummet stated they made these sinks more for beauty than use. They transferred us to another room which wasn't as nice but they accommodated us in other ways.
4	Just a beautiful hotel and not a bad location. The rooms and bars and gambling area are all so beautifully done. There honestly isn't a bad area in the place including the mall and condos connected too it. They lose a star because their drinks are way overpriced compared to other locations. About $10-$11 for a cocktail, $7.50 for a draft beer. Other than that, service is pretty good.
4	I like the room in general. The king bed was big and soft. Really comfortable.We happened to get a city view, so it was great. Really busy street at night, beautiful to look at the strip.The room incorporated with a lot of new technology like the switch button for the curtain, and some sensor for your food bar and fridge. It says it the stuff is removed for more than 60 seconds or is replaced, you will be charged! Vegas, the hotel is just for sleeping.There was only the lounge open for entertaining at night, the club was under renovation. So I felt not a lot of fun in the night if you don't gamble. The lounge was $30 for gentlemen and $20 for ladies once it passes midnight. But ladies have unlimited drink all night. Not a whole lot of people in the lounge, but you still have no where to seat unless you have bottle service. Dance floor didn't get crowded, I guess just not a lot of people know it. Though the entertaining part seems a little limited, overall the hotel is nice and very convenient.
5	My husband and I love staying here for our mini vacation that we take every month ever since we've been together.  We've been staying here since they opened in 2009. I love the convenient of walking distance to most places on the strip. This hotel is smoking free and there's no Casino inside of the hotel and that's a plus for us. We come here for the entertainment, food and of course...shopping! Love this hotel.
4	Man, some people are just hating on Aria in these reviews. I actually enjoyed my stay here. It is a little expensive, but the rooms are nice and clean (which they all should be). I liked the feel of the casino. Very open and spacious.I like to play poker sometimes, so Aria having a poker room is nice. (Cosmo doesn't have one). Another huge plus is Aria is a part of M Life, so you get to rack up those player's card points!Even though this may not be my first choice, I'd definitely still stay here again. $100 on black!
1	Guest at Aria for 3 days with 6 couple and had breakfast at Aria cafe twice.First time we got served by Regina, and she is amazing, very talented, detailed to direction and exceptional customer service.And today, we had Noe, a total disaster, no clue, zero customer service, don't want to listen and speaking over you while you are trying to explain. Noe less than 1star employee and Regina 5 + star.
2	We stayed at Aria for two nights this past weekend. The building is very very big and difficult to get around. It felt a little too secluded from the rest of the strip, even though in theory it's right next to many other places, it takes forever to walk out of the resort to the actual strip. I also felt very nickel and dimed during our stay, but maybe this is just Vegas. You cannot use the fridge in your room. If you do put anything inside of it you will be charged $25/day. There are sensors inside the fridge so if you touch anything inside of it, you will be charged. You also cannot touch any of the snacks on the table because they too have sensors and are insanely overpriced ($30 for chocolate). They do have a note next to the fridge and snacks that indicate this, so thankfully we didn't get swindled. There was no coffee pot in the room, so you had to buy extremely overpriced coffee from their restaurants. Honestly, when you pay this much for a room you expect to at least have coffee available in the room and access to the fridge. We ordered room service one night and the food was not the best and really over priced. The mattress in our room was very soft, so we didn't sleep very well. But if you enjoy softer mattresses you'll be fine. The staff, however, are incredibly nice and helpful! The theatre is also great, we saw Zarkana and it was spectacular.
4	Its a happening place with a great scene. No deals on the rooms as city center is where its at. Watch out for stores with French names as wife may desire said items. Very pretty hotel inside and cool restaurants. All is over priced
4	Returned to ARIA in November 2014!  Still luv it and won't stay anywhere else.  Started calling it my "Vegas Home!"  Happy they had the pool open (it's heated) and 3 hot tub options.  Do think they should try some type of flag system to alert servers at poolside.
2	Fell short of my expectations.  I was choosing between several of the newer hotels on the strip and chose Aria based on its reviews.  I liked some aspects, but just expected more and for the service to be more seamless.When my boyfriend and I checked in, we were given a low level floor that looked directly into other rooms.  We asked if they had anything else and they said they could move us to another floor with two queens instead of a king.  We went for it and as soon as we stepped into the new room I had to hold my breath because it reeked so badly of smoke.  I should have never made the first simple request.  The front desk rep on the phone told me to call back later and also that there were no smoking rooms in the hotel, yet they had just switched to non-smoking the day before (and we were asking if we wanted a smoking room when we checked in).  A few hours later we called back and after being on hold for 45 min and eventually going back and forth between the front desk and calling from our our room we finally got our room changed.  Management did give us a food/drink credit, but I would much rather have not had two hours of hassle when I was looking forward to relaxing.Then the TV in the room was broken and we had to call service again and needed a new cable box.Housekeeping did not come by to clean the room the first day.  The second day I had the service sign illuminated for over 4 hours in the afternoon while we were out and it still wasn't made up by 4 pm.  I had to eventually call to schedule housekeeping.  Once they came they did do a good job.I've stayed at Encore by Wynn and the rooms and technology are nicer.  I will say the beds at Aria are comfortable and the dinner reservation help was good.  I will probably go back to the Wynn or got to the Cosmopolitan next time.
5	Stayed here during the Rock N Roll Marathon weekend. My wife and I showed up around 9am, due to an extra early morning flight. We went to the front desk expecting to have to check our bags with the bell hops but to our surprise we were checked in and got our room keys right away.One of my favorite things about the hotel is the way the elevators are set up. I believe we were on the 26th floor and we had 4 elevators that only served 5 or 6 floors total so we never had to wait for an elevator and we did have to stop at five floors before we got to our floor.The hotel tower is well designed and seemed surprisingly small. We were all the way at the end of the hallway but it was not a far walk to the elevator.We had a king room which was pretty spacious. There was a sitting area and work desk and a huge entry. The bathroom was also spacious with an enclosed toilet and an oversized shower and tub. The bed was a little too soft for my liking but was comfortable. I loved the automatic shades and how everything could be controlled bedside. The blackout feature is pretty amazing and it does just that, blacks out the whole room. Perfect for sleeping in to recover from the night before.
4	Stayed at Aria one night during for my birthday weekend. Claimed comp room with myvegas pts. winning!+I was in Vegas during memorial day weekend. On Monday, I claimed myvegas pts and got a comp room at Aria. :) Unfortunately I couldn't bribe the front desk girl (Jolene) to upgrade my room by slipping money along with my credit card (The room is free but I have to pay for the resort fee). However, she noticed that it was my birthday weekend so she sent me a birthday freebie to my room and I received Aria's rice krispie dessert gift box set. Yay thanks Jolene!+Jolene was also nice enough to offer late 1PM check out for free of charge. I can't thank her enough for her kindness, thanks Jolene if you ever read this post!+Aria itself is such a nice, pretty hotel. I loved that my room was so high tech and beautifully. The remote control is available to use for the TV, lights, and blinds. The TV has an AUX connector to play your music, which is perfect if you're pre-gaming in your room before a night out.+I usually don't care for hotel amenities but I really liked the ones at Aria! The amenities included one-time use make-up remover that was made with citrus & green tea, which smelled good! +Aria also has deep, spacious bath tub. Perfect opportunity to use lush bath bomb and have a nice bath to pamper yourself. :)+Aria also shows Zarkana, which is one of cirque du soleil acts. If you're tired of the clubbing scene, I suggest going to Zarkana for change of scenery and a date night with your significant other.-The only down side about Aria during my stay was that the sink and the toilet was pretty dirty. I'm assuming the house keeping forgot to clean the bathroom, which is pretty gross. The toilet bowl had stains and the sink had cigarette ash or some sort of dirt on it. Eep.-Aria's casino didn't offer low minimum for black jack so I was sad I couldn't gamble here too much. My friends and I gambled elsewhere.I would most definitely stay at Aria again but I hope they keep the room tidy and clean before checking people in. :/
5	OK, so check this out.  I know I have been long dormant with the Yelp reviews (bad girl, BAD GIRL!), so to make it up to ya'll, I am now embarking on a casino-by-casino tour of my new hometown of LV, NV, and will include reviews of each as I tour them.  Now, these will not include room stays, but just schlepping around the premises - eating, drinking, and checking out anything that moves or doesn't move.  Got it? OK, let's proceed...Review #25:the entrance/exterior is space age and sleek; fountains, walls of waterfalls, interesting angles, and lots of lights; new and modern inside - just  like you would want the main hotel/casino of City Center; there's even a legit relaxing lobby bar; the restaurants all look fab - Sage, Javier's, Julian Serrano Tapas - all make you want to come in & eat there; even the coffee/dessert spot Jean Phillipe patisserie is cool & interesting; adjacent to the fabulous high-end shopping at Crystals mall; the sports book is really nice & tucked away, conveniently next to the Five50 Pizza Bar; there's a 2nd floor with a few more shops & restaurants, plus the Zarkana theater; best craft beer bet = clearly, it's at Five50 Pizza, but even slightly better is Todd English Pub just next door in Crystals (though the prices are high!)
4	My wife and I stayed at the Aria - 2 nights for a friends birthday party weekend.  This was our first time staying at this hotel.  Needless to say we had a blast and our customer experience was met and exceeded.Pros - Access to the hotel from the self parking lot was easy breezy.  I have always felt that in other hotels that the walk from hotel to the self parking lots is so far and too long.  The hotel - casino floor is very clean the air was fresh, I barely smelled any cigarette smoke.  The room was super awesome, we were on the 28th floor facing the pool and I can clearly see the Rio.  The best part of our customer experience is the beds felt like they hugged me when lying down.Cons - 2 Cons - 1.) Once we reached our floor the walk from the elevator to our room seemed very long.  Good luck if you got a room further down the hall.  2.) Initially the bathroom specifically the location of the toilet smelled like smoke.  Im sensitive to smoke smell but in this instance the smell did not bother me.  Overall we enjoyed our stay at the Aria and we will for sure book again.  I would have provided 5 stars but had to take 1 star away for the long walk to our room and smoke smell in the bathroom.
1	5 star hotel???  Really???..Sat at the poker machine at the bar and ordered a drink.  The bartender says said you have to pay for your drink $30 unless you play 5-$5 hands continuously and a minimum of $20.  Policy!  I receive free drinks in the casino but not at bar unless you follow their rules?  Nonsense!
4	Aria is definitely a class act and a nice break from the typical Vegas hotel scene.The hotel is new, super modern, with great ambience.  The rooms are not huge, but have great amenities including full A/V system and automatic curtains!  My only complaint with the rooms is the lack of counter space in the bathroom. Aria's location is excellent, next to Crystal shopping and the Cosmopolitan restaurant scene.  It also has several top-knotch restaurants of its own such as Masa and Julian Serrano.  The casino is expansive and uses the M Life program, though a bit on the smoky side. There are good lounges within the casino area, but the main nightclub is currently closed for renovation.  Check out the 2nd floor for a great, not too crowded Starbucks and good clothing shopping.I would definitely stay here again!
3	I wanted to give Aria 5 stars but a couple of things happened throughout my stay that reduced its rating in my book. First the Pro - 1. A high end hotel with high tech rooms. All the lighting, curtains, TVs, music, can be controlled through a tablet device next to the bed. 2. Stellar customer service all the way from bell desk, to house keeping, to concierge, and to the valet. 3. The hotel is not nearly as crowded as Bellagio and Caesar's palace. On Christmas day, those two hotels were like an over crowded farmers market, while Aria maintained a steady, and nice number of players and guests on the casino floor. 4. The gym was very nice. 5. Got a $75 meal credit to each room we booked. This deal effectively paid for the resort fee charged. I thought that was a nice touch. Now the Con - 1. The drinks served at the poker tables were extremely watered down. I might was well paid for a real drink as I was sure that I was drinking sugar water. 2. The concierge girl gave me tons of wrong information including business hours of the nearby outlet, and location of the nearest Burberry store, which resulted in me walking an extra 15 minutes just to get to the correct location. 3. Made a dinner reservation at Lemongrass through the hotel reservation line. The restaurant later said they never got the reservation. 4. Luggage service had a 45 minutes wait time at check out because they were receiving all calls at one time. I understand it was busy... but I think the hotel could have anticipated this and hire extra shifts for holiday seasons. The lady I spoke to at the bell desk was not patient (an exception to rest of the great service I received throughout my stay).  I want to increase my rating but for now Aria stays at 3 stars. However, Aria will probably be the hotel of choice upon my next Vegas visit.
4	Loved our stay here!  This is definitely not the cheapest hotel on the strip, but it wasn't the most expensive either.  I would say from what I saw, it was one of the best.  This was my first time in Vegas and our hotel was one of my favorite parts.  When we walked into the room, music turned on, window shades opened, very nice touch.  It was a big very clean and modern room.  Everything could be controlled via the tv or bedside controller.  I loved the bathroom with a large tub and large shower, but connected together.  There is a good selection of restaurant and bars in the hotel, we spent a good amount of time here and was never disappointed.  However, its not cheap, so you definitely are paying for the nicer restaurants and bars.  The service overall was great from a quick check in, an easily granted late check out and convenient bellman to check our bags at before going to the hotel.  When I go to vegas again, I will most likely stay here again.
5	Another stay at the awesome Aria and I was even more impressed than the first time. Their customer service is top notch and every single one of my needs and wants were met. You can tell their staff has a lot of customer service training and they deliver to their guests. Amazing!
4	Good hotel. Nothing out of the ordinary but with a great location. Smart and newer rooms.No nightlife options except for a couple of sleepy lounges. Good options for dining inside the facility. Will be back mainly because of the location.
3	Not a cheap hotel...about $200 a night plus another $70 or so in fees that they throw at you at check-in.the room was nice but a little plain. Very modern with everything controlled with buttons, no more switches. I melted like butter in the bed, it was that comfy, but I suffocated under the sheets, those were surprisingly heavy. TV guide was slow, and kinda odd.they have staff check guests for room keys at the elevators which got annoying fast.staff was friendly but got some misinformation. the tub and shower were large and refreshing. but I didn't care for the glass doors. the glass door for the toilet was fogged but still bugged me. The room had a fridge but its stocked with overpriced merchandise that were weight censored = don't touch unless you want to buy. no room to put anything and it you do they will charge you $25 for using the refrigerator.That was my biggest pet peeve- almost $300 for the night and I cant even use the refrigerator!   the room was meh to me.
2	Based on the casino area alone, it's awful. I was expecting something spectacular. It's drab and the dark rock theme is actually dangerous if you're drunk. I dare say the casino floor was smokier than the old casinos on Fremont St. In this day and age, a brand new casino should be well ventilated.
5	First time staying here.This resort is the best I have stayed at in Vegas (for this price range).The service was surprisingly fantastic, when walking down the halls to our room any hotel staff pulls over out of the way to wait for you to pass and ask how your stay is. This must be policy here since everyone does it from house keeping to maintenance.The one and only down side is our room seemed to be about a half mile from the elevators.All in I will be staying here when in Vegas!
1	I am so sick of anyone saying this is a good casino/resort. I live and play here and there is nothing to give a positive review about.  The dealers suck,  no one ever wins and all the management team sticks with the dealers. Shit!
5	I have to say that this is my new favorite hotel in Las Vegas. Let me make very clear that I stayed in the Aria Sky Suites so my review is based on that. The whole trip was planned for the first week of October 2014 to celebrate my parents 40th wedding anniversary. The concierge was super helpful in setting up a welcome surprise basket for my parents with a champagne toast along with dinner reservations and a cake order. They also helped set us up with a cabanna. So now we are off. First of all our driver was late and confused to pick us up from the airport but he was very friendly and apologetic and that made all the difference. Management also gave us a credit which made us feel better because when you pay for great service and convenience, you want it. No excuses! Upon arrival, check in was quick and the bags were brought up to our two bedroom suite. OMG...these rooms are so nice and the welcome basket was perfect and we all popped the bottle and drank in honor of the fun to come. They also included a few other things which we didn't ask for. Always a nice touch. The bathrooms are amazing with the heated toilet seats that leave you feeling refreshed. Everything is operated by a remote. The view was amazing but something was wrong with the remotes for the curtains. But someone came and fixed that right away. The service here in the sky suites was impeccable and there was no wait for anything!I have detailed reviews for the restaurants at the hotel but In regards to the pool service, Nikki was an amazing hostess and came back often to make sure we had everything we needed in the cabanna. By the way the cabannas are awesome and worth the money. They have misters that feel like outdoor air conditioners. Next, Our personal trainer Rocket took us on the ARIA hike and it was such a fun and different kind of workout. I highly reccomend it. He is so knowledgeable and really fun. Its Vegas guys! Try something different. Our chef at Tetsu was also amazing and everything was cooked perfectly. The wait or brought out my parents anniversary cake and needless to say they were surprised and pleased. In conclusion...ARIA will be the only place I'm staying in Vegas for a while. Thanks to them for making my parents 40th luxurious and memorable!
4	It was a ok stay last week.  We arrived on christmas day and stayed for 4 ngihts.  The hotel didn't disappoint however wasn't quite a five star experience.  Very smokey casino and very busy line ups every where within the hotel.  The staffs are helpful and kind, and the housekeeping did a great job.  There wasn't a fridge we could use in our room as it was filled with the mini-bar items and you are not allowed to move them unless you pay for them.  We will probably still come back to the hotel if we can get it on a deal again.
5	I love this hotel. I stay here often when I come. Great service and vlose to everything.
1	Hotel is not well kept. Dirty and smells smoky all throughout. Even in the rooms. Had to ask to be moved. Also, I think if you book through a third party service like orbitz, you will likely get placed in the worst room location. I get the feeling they reserve the better rooms for users booking directly.
4	Stayed here for three nights. Lovely room, comfortable bed and all the amenities. Thankfully an absence of bling. Hotel quiet away from gaming room. Long queues to check in or out and that can be off putting. Staff professional. Has gym, pool area and spa but did not experience. Range of restaurants and high end shops in complex. Easy to access LV Boulevard. Only gripe -- had a non-smoking floor and very obvious smokers in some rooms.  Smell of smoke in corridors. Room well serviced. Would stay here again.
5	Love, love, love this place!!!! Very clean and amazing staff. This is by far my favorite place to stay when in Vegas.  The rooms are all big, clean and spacious.
2	Located on The Las Vegas Strip. Yes, it's big and shiny, but I am not a particular fan of Aria or City Center in general. I will give a few reasons. The casino is big and cavernous not appealing at all, it is trying to hard to be Los Angeles,and if you have read some of my other reviews, I hate Los Angeles, I hate even more when Las Vegas doesn't feel it has its own identity and style and feels that it has to steal from Los Angeles. Next it is designed like an MC Escher drawing, to get to the convention center you have to up then down then up again, simply shameful. Every other hotel casino on the Las Vegas strip you can walk by with no or very lute incursion, at City Center you have to walk up and down and be taken off the strip. Lastly my take is that they could not care less about Las Vegas community, they never created the jobs they said they would, and they do very little in the way of outreach, nor do they bring in the $$$$ they claimed they would. There are better places to go that are designed more intuitively and are more appreciative of your business. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	The best hotel and Casino in Las Vegas, NV. The best service possible. Very friendly staff and environment. It was my 3rd visit to Aria Hotel and Casino. Special thanks to Bobbi Bensley - Director of Guest Relations for such a great hospitality and professionalism. Will visit again soon and always referring to my friends !!! Thanks
4	This was my first trip to Las Vegas and I have to say, after walking up and down the strip repeatedly, we definitely chose wisely, as this was the most asethetically beautiful hotel inside and out! My husband was able to upgrade our room to a suite, which was located on the 29th floor. We had the most spectacular view of the entire strip, it was definitely surreal! The complimentary box of fine chocolate they delivered to our room upon check-in was a bonus as well.The rooms themselves are not for those that shy away from technology. Every light switch and curtain is operated electronically and the bathrooms even have some fun motorized features. The decor is contemporary and stylish, and the bath products are clean and refreshing.The hotel itself houses some great, trendy restaurants, and the casino area is probably one of the more modern as you start to walk down the strip to some of the older casinos. I will say, the Cosmopolitan probably has a better selection of dining options, but practically being next door, it isn't too much of an inconvenience to walk there to dine.Also, the hotel is connected to the luxurious Crystals Mall, which is an added bonus, and also where you can access the tram that connects to the Bellagio and Monte Carlo.Absolutely loved our stay here, and would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a luxurious Vegas experience!
5	Beautiful Hotel/Casino. From the lobby, to the hallways, no detail was ignored. Walking distance away from other big casino's, I plan on staying here as often as I can.
5	This was my second time staying at Aria, the first time I stayed at Sky Suites and this time I stayed in the ordinary Aria Hotel. It's a very nice hotel. I was very pleased to discover that the rooms in the ordinary hotel are basically the same as in Sky Suites. Unless you are planning on using the Sky Suites lobby (which I barely did) then I don't see too much of a difference between staying in SS and normal Aria.The casino is a nice casino, they call it a "fresh air" casino, and I do think it seems less smokey than other casinos on the strip. They have lots of delicious restaurant options (Javier's is particularly delicious Mexican food), and the guest relations manager is a really lovely person. It's definitely a nice hotel
5	love this place
