5	3 words:  SWEET POTATO CHIPS...These homemade chips alone deserve 5 stars!I've been to The Herb Box for lunch on several occasions, and it's been fantastic every time!  Megan M.'s review sums it up, but since I've had a couple of other menu items, I'm putting in my 2 cents as well.  The turkey and avocado wrap is the perfect lunch... it's healthy and all of the ingredients taste fresh and delicious.  The wraps are served with SWEET POTATO CHIPS and the market side of the day.  (Both times I've been to The Herb Box, the market side has been pasta salad).  I've also had the urban market and market sunflower salads... again, both taste fresh off the farm and crisp, full of vitamins your body craves... however, if you go with a salad, you must order the SWEET POTATO CHIPS on the side!The iced tea at The Herb Box is really good too...  I have yet to take advantage of catering from The Herb Box, but guess what I'll make sure to order a bunch of when I do?  SWEET POTATO CHIPS... how did you know?!P.S. - a little birdie told me that they are opening a 2nd location in DC Ranch in February 2008 - I can't wait!
5	Megan and Gabi, the first two reviewers, really said it all.  I will just add another layer of approval to enhance the credibility of everything they said--Herb Box is AMAZING.  In fact, I consciously make efforts at work to not expose too many people to it, because I don't want the entire company discovering my secret lunch place!  Also, it's important to note that this restaurant's title in Yelp is confusing -- they started as a catering company and the food was so amazing that they opened a little takeout marketplace.  The marketplace got so popular that they bought the space next door and opened a little bistro as well--with which I have lot's of experience!Yes, the sweet potato chips are to die for (and are often the tipping point decision between ordering a wrap or a salad).  My favorite menu item is the turkey/apple/swiss wrap (has cashews and lot's of mixed greens in it, really yum) but highly encourage trying their specials, which are always fantastic.  They offer iced green tea that is really tasty, and have a small beer/wine/drink menu as well.  The DC Ranch location is confirmed, which is awesome--I could definitely see this place expanding throughout the valley:  the fresh, healthy food they offer combined with the charming atmosphere often makes a visit to this bistro the highlight of my day.
4	Oh jeez, folks, I wanted to be able to give it 5 stars but I just can't.  It wasn't a 5 star meal or experience.  I'm giving it 4 because our server was nice and the space is welcoming but it really may be closer to a 3.5. The atmosphere reminds me of Palatte except inside and with full table service not half counter/half table.  (I was actually expecting it to be counter service but was pleasantly surprised.)  Its eclectic and warm but unlike Palatte you can't purchase the chair you are sitting in if you like it.  Its very small and cozy but that means that it fills up quickly if you are planning to dine in. The service was attentive although the entire experience was slower than we thought, especially during the lunch hour.  We were there over an hour!  For someone on a lunch break if may not be the best choice.  We started with the hummus which was just ok- its not nearly as good as the hummus at Fez.  The pita chips it was served with were the thickest and hardest pita chips I've ever eaten in my life.  I wouldn't suggest the hummus, you can get better roasted red pepper hummus at TJ's.  (Oh wait, none of the TJ's here carry it...)  My husband selected the "Brown Sugar Jerk Pork" which was not jerk pork at all.  It was pulled pork and the gouda was almost non-existent.  He said he thought he tasted it in a few bites, but never actually saw it. (Then bread turned really soggy and the whole thing fell apart)  My sandwich was a similar experience.  Like Megan, I ordered the Grilled Chicken and Sage Pesto.  All it really tasted like was chicken and goat cheese with the occasional taste of apple.  The pesto was not existent and the only time I realized there was bacon in the sandwich was when I crunched down on the random hard pieces of it.  For the amount of ingredients in the sandwich it was no way near as flavorful as it should have been.  I don't think I'm ready to marry this sandwich at all, but I may consider seeing it casually on the side.  Only if we can date other people though.
4	I should probably disclose one little detail about how I rate my food - I don't like looking at food that has been through several handling processes. I love it when you can look at a plate or bowl and see what's on/in it. What makes up the sauce? What's in the soup? You should be able to know what you're eating!For this reason, I really enjoy The Herb Box. Salads, Sandwiches, Wraps, Flatbreads, variations of hummus and always a kickass soup of the day - pick anything off of the menu and you can't go wrong!I have recently enjoyed lunch and they've changed some things around the physical space since my last visit - and created a dedicated dining room on one side and moved the market over to the kitchen's space. Great idea and what a perfect opportunity to create more seating! Food: 5 stars Tzatziki and Pita, Zuccini, Tomato and Corn Soup garnished with Feta Cheese and my beverage was an Aranciata San Pelligrino Soda Service: 3.5 stars (Efficient and definitely warmed up to me as the meal continued)Atmosphere: 3.5 stars (Please place a top-weight on the slamming door)= 4 stars
4	4 stars for the delicious sandwich we took to go.  Can't give it 5 stars until we actually eat here.We had the brown sugar jerked pork with sweet red pepper and jicama slaw, watercress & smoked gouda on toasted ciabatta $11.  A bit pricey for a take-out sandwich.  The filling was generous and tasty with a nice balance of flavors and textures.The place is cute and service was very friendly.
5	OH. MY. GOD.So good. So delicious. So cute. So delicious. So good. So cute. So too far away for me to go to often, but it would be worth it.We had the jerk pork sandwich (amazing), as well as the turkey and avocado wrap and the veggie wrap. Everything was spectacular and so fresh, not to mention filling - my mother and I couldn't finish our sandwiches. Oh - and the sweet potato chips. YUM.Try it!!!
5	Sophie you were right!OH! MY! GOD!  That doesn't even begin to cover it! Very cute place, I sat in the center patio corridor with the market to the left and the dining room to the right.Everything sounded so delicious! I decided on the Artichoke and White Bean Hummus and the Butternut Squash and Corn Enchiladas which came with a wonderful salad (see pictures)Every bite was delectable, I couldn't bear the thought of wasting so of course I finished every last bite of it all!I know I must sound like a cow but unfortunately I'm lacking the 3 extra stomachs to take advantage of the rest of the menu.......those would have come in really handy because I didn't want to leave, I Was in Food Heaven!Deliciously Fresh and Gourmet!My 5 stars are for the food experienceThe service was actually awful, as I had to get up to retrieve my own silverware and even help my self to the Ice tea pitcher because some one never refilled my glass!They say Love is Blind right ,and I LOVED the Food so I'll over look the lazy service.
4	I am writing this review based on my recent experiences in the new Herb Box location in DC Ranch.  I've been to the original location, too, but have been to the one on Market Street much more.This place is so stylish and swanky that you just enjoy being there and looking around.  The menu is varied and interesting so you can go many times and have totally different culinary experiences each time.  I love this because it is right in my neighborhood and it is a much needed place to meet friends for lunch.  Fortunately there are lots of other businesses and offices nearby so you can also get some free wifi while you eat if you have your laptop with you.A few cautions, though...1.  While everyone who works there is friendly and upbeat, very few of the servers actually know what they're doing.  You WILL have to remind them to fill your glass, take away your dirty plate and occasionally to bring you the food you ordered.  2.  No one who works behind the market counter knows how to work the register...but they're commentary as they try to figure it out is entertaining.3..The gift-y items in the market are adorable and disgustingly overpriced.  Even though I've been a little caustic about the things I don't like, I will say that they really have it nailed in terms of serving up a delicious meal whether you're looking for breakfast, lunch, dinner or a snack.  Their ingredients are fresh, the portions are good and the creativity of the recipes is delightful.One last little thing, though...cilantro is spelled wrong on the lunch menu (it is correct on the dinner one, though).  Sorry, but spelling DOES count.
5	The Herb Box off of Shea Blvd in Scottsdale never dissapoints.  Where as I am told the staff up at the DC Ranch venue are a bit green and wet behind the ears, the staff at Shea are AND have always been on their "A" games.  The food (i typicaly get a chicken sage pesto sandwich or the steak sandwich) is also great.  I agree with my girl friend regarding the SWEET POTATO CHIPS.   They are awesome.  A friend of mine over dinner the other night (completely different restaurant) explained to me a great way to review any eating establishment.  There is an unwritten agreement between Restaurant and patron.  It says, the establishment agrees to provide reasonable service, reasonable atmosphere, and reasonable food.  In return, the patron agress to pay the bill and tip.  of course if the ambiance, food and service are beyond just reasonable, the hope is that the patron will return.  In this here case of the HERB BOX, I continue to return and i am ALWAYS greeted by a  friendly staff.  Most of the girls i recognize as having been there f0r quite some time.  Which to me, also says alot about the establishment, and it's owners.  Can't wait to stop by again for lunch....
5	I just adore this place! Haven't been to the DC Ranch location yet but shall soon! Its such a simple concept. The specials are always creative. The atmosphere is quaint. The service is always friendly. I esp love Marley. She always remembers me and is super-duper nice. If you're an iced-tea fan like me, they always have interesting ones like ginger green tea for instance. I love to experiment, but I am hooked on the turkey/apple/Swiss wrap like a fiend, and  find it hard to deviate. Although last visit, I tried the enchiladas....Yum-o! If your meal doesn't come w/ the sweet potato chips, I highly recommend getting them anyway! I promise you won't regret it. If you don't like, just call me and I'll take 'em! (Teeeheee) The only remotely bad review I have here is about the soup. The soup specials are always creative, but beware! The chef has a heavy hand w/ the pepper! Always! I am a pepper-aholic...I mean I put pepper on every-frickin-thing....but lemme tell you...its  usually overwhelming!
5	The Herb Box is a fantastic place to have lunch or get something to go!  I have eaten in as well as to go many times and yesterday stopped by and took home the Turkey Avocado wrap, sweet potato chips and Oatmeal cookie (so large I could only have a few bites)... I couldn't help but have a cheat meal I hadn't been in awhile!  DELICIOUS!!   I normally do NOT order wraps anywhere, but they are so wonderful here!  Again I do not usually get desert but their cookies are wonderful, the oatmeal cookie really tastes like oatmeal and raisins instead of a pile of sugar.Everything is so fresh and high quality..... Did I mention they have Diet Coke, a must in my book...... and it is free refills which isn't out of the ordinary, but the specialty is it is poured from the CAN!  The most amazing little restaurant!  I love the feeling I have when I am there!It is a place you want to bring a book and enjoy alone or with friends.  It is small but that is the attraction.  To Go is always great at this restaurant, not like others where you do not get the same quality!  This might be because they are a catering company.I am new to Arizona and miss having lunch with my girlfriends.  When I come here not only is the food wonderful I feel like I am a part of something.It's Great!P.S.  I see there is a location in DC Ranch now and looks like it is more than just a lunch place, I will have to try this but for now only have experienced the original.....Love IT!  :)
4	This place is so cute and yet still manages to be trendy? I don't know how they do it, but I'd love to figure it out someday. And then use it for myself so I can be cute and trendy, too!The food here is really fantastic. I had a gargantuan salad that could have easily fed 2 I bet. It was a great blend of flavors. And of course, Gabi convinced me to start with the sweet potato chips. Those were good, too, but nothing compares to Sputnik's sweet potato fries so far. Everything seemed worth trying though so I wish I could have gone back again and again.Our server was super nice and extremely friendly. Overall, it was a great experience!
5	ok... Emily FORCED me ... yeah that's right... FORCED me to eat the mushroom appetizer they were serving at the YELP Birthday Party.  It was actually REALLY good!  I don't eat mushrooms due to my mom forcing them down my throat while I was a kid.  I actually tasted it and ate the whole thing!  If my wife reads this or anyone else... you can call her and ask for yourself! :)
3	Hate to say it, but I just didn't love it.   There, I've said it.  After tasting the mushroom risotto appetizers at Yelp's Birthday event, I couldn't wait to come to Herb Box for lunch.The restaurant has a nice layout with a dine-in area, a little market, and a patio in between.  We sat inside and started with the market cheese board.  There was only one cheese selection, I expected there to be at least two for some reason, but it was delicious--brie with a caramel-like sauce (fig, I think).  I also had the grilled chicken and sage pesto sandwich with goat cheese and bacon.  It was good, but it wasn't an "OMG, this is the best sandwich I've ever had moment."  I really think serving it warm would bring out the flavors.  Worth $12?  I think not.  Sweet potato chips were a plus!Where they really lose points with me was service.  Not terrible, but definitely left a lot to be desired.  I had to ask for utensils and napkins.  Also, she offered a box for half my sandwich and left the room, but came back empty-handed.  Empty hand, empty head.Just okay for me.  But I might have to have a party for one catered just to get those appetizers again!
5	Lovely little restaurant, terrific food. I had the soup/salad combo with Chipotle Chocolate Soup and the Sunflower Salad. The Soup was divine, with a blissful mini corn-muffin as garnish. The salad was pretty and just the right size. I splurged and got dessert, caramelized bananas over rice pudding which had luscious burnt-sugar bits floating in a buttery, sugary sauce poured over a not-overly-sweet rice pudding.Mmmmmmmmmmm.
5	I have only visited the DC Ranch location of this place, but, needless to say, i love it. From the excellent coffee to the creative food to the delicious bakery to the cute decor, I love it all. The food is new american with an emphasis on fresh ingredients and local foodstuffs. Lunch and brunch are the main meals, and everything I have tried has been wonderful. My husband loves the rosemary steak sandwich and I love the corn and goat cheese flat bread. We both enjoy the sweet potato chips with curry and the chicken chili. And, no herb box trip is complete w/o a trip to the bakery, where the raspberry crumble bars are outstanding. The caramel apple bars are also wonderful and hit just the right tart-salty-sweet note.
3	I came in the Market Place to check out the saturday morning "farmer's market" and was starving so I hit up the Herb Box for a little breakfast to go. It is a really pretty restaurant and the display/takeout area was clean and organized but all I needed was food and I needed it in my stomach 20 minutes ago. I didn't even glance at the menu, just pointed at a slice of quiche in the display case and slid $5 across the counter. And yes, I may have pretended that I was going to "go home and eat it" thus refusing a fork and napkins, but I ate it cold, with my hands, sitting on a bench and it was just okay. Yeah I get those aren't the greatest conditions to savor food. it was in fact, an artichoke, sun-dried tomato and goat cheese quiche and it was easily a 4" wide slice which is huge (for food...). It just didn't really have any flavor and the crust was too thick on the bottom and too crumbly up at the top (and extra buttery). Now I will say that alongside the quiche in the display case were some of the most outrageously gorgeous cupcakes I have ever seen in my life. A blood red velvet cupcake with thick glossy white frosting that was piled at least 3" high. And a chocolate cupcake with what looked like creamy chocolate mousse on top. If for some reason I'm ever back in this area I will absolutely sit down and have a meal or 50 cupcakes. But probably not the quiche.
4	There's a hair in my arugula. A long, straight hair. I know what you're thinking ... 'well, that's better than a short and curly hair.' Although true, I'm just not in need of the extra protein. Plenty of that provided by the grilled tenderloin sitting atop of said arugula and beside aforementioned hair.I chose not to make a scene as the place - early afternoon on a Tuesday - was fairly full of fine female patrons. I removed the hair with surgical precision and proceeded to enjoy my lunch. And enjoy, I did.I saw many many savory items on the menu, but I can only speak to the Arugula-Gorgonzola Steak. Tasty. Oh ... and the sweet potato chips were the truth as well. The place is kinda' unique in that it shares two different suites - a "market" on one side and an "eatery" on the other - joined by a breezeway in the middle. One could enjoy their meal, or a glass of wine outside if one so desired. Four stars. I'm not deducting anything for the hair, but the 'Box is awfully proud of their prices and the service leaves much to be desired. I mean, the gal that occasionally tended to me was friendly ... just not necessarily well-versed in the art of prompt, accommodation of customer requests. Like the one I made for silverware and a napkin. Twice. That said, the Herb Box was a cute little joint and I'm sure I'll be stopping in again for lunch when I find myself hocking fenestrations mid-day in north Scottsdale. Next time I'll try a twelve-dollar sandwich. Brown Sugar Pork Ciabatta. Sans follicle, if I may.
5	Yum Yum Yum! I went to Herb Box today for lunch with 3 of my girlfriends and had an absolutely delicious meal! We sat inside in a cute little corner of the restaurant and started with tasty tropical iced tea and enjoyed amazing red pepper hummus and pita chips to start. For my meal I had some kind of a "sunshine" or "sunflower" salad that had chicken, goat cheese, sunflower seeds, dried strawberries and spinach-it was AMAZING! The actual salad came with Bacon but I took mine without. The main thing I noticed about my meal was how fresh everything was! Not to tip my own hat but I make pretty amazing salad's so its hard for me to justify spending money on one that I can make twice as good at home but honestly The Herb Box did it! Unique fresh flavors and all without me having to whip out my cutting board! I had been wanting to try this place for so long and I am so excited to have finally taken advantage! I would highly recommend this place for a tasty lunch anytime!
4	Finally. A sandwichy-type place for lunch that has more that just sandwiches and salads. My friend and fellow partner in shopping-crime (wait, that makes us sound like shopliffters) and I ended up here after a disastrous (and odoriferous) trip to the Hidden Closet next door. We both like most everything so we always split and chose the crab and cilantro dip with plantain chips and the corn, tomato, bacon and goat cheese flat bread pizza. The dip came out immediately and at first we were a little disappointed because it was cold and we felt it would have been better warm, but after eating it a while, we decided that it was refreshing to have it cold. The serving size was very generous and it got our approval. The toddler liked the plantain chips too (he thought they were bananas) and partook in the dipping with us. The pizza was the size of a large dinner plate and was covered in goodness. The corn was still crisp, the cherry tomatoes just "popped" and the bacon smokey. It was crowned with a mound of arugula and Parmesan that complemented it beautifully. If I lived closer and came here often, I would definitely get this pizza again. We left satiated and on to our next stop. What a lucky find to stumble across.
3	After trying the DC Ranch location for dinner, my co-workers were ticked I hadn't invited them along. To make amends, I offered to pick up lunch from the Shea location. Anne ordered the Ahi sandwich special, blackened with a TON of seasoning... she absolutely loved it. I ordered the Smoked Turkey chiabatta that had a great smokey flavor between the turkey and the bacon, but was lacking much of the red-pepper aoli and completely missing the gouda that read on the menu. We were disappointed that the plantain chips promised with the special turned out to be sweet-potato chips, but they were tasty all the same. Poor Sonya ordered the beef tacos that sounded wonderful, but came to fruition as 2 bite-sized soft tacos with no side. And I quote "for 14 bucks, you'd think they could throw in a cup of beans or something!" I had to agree, and gave her my sweet-potato chips. I think we all finished a little unsatisfied. Just as with the other location, all-in-all it's great flavors and good ingredients, but trying way too hard (and charging for it)!
4	Adorable little lunch spot for flavorful appetizers, salads, sandwiches, and a few full entrees.    Homemade sweet potato chips were tasty but not too heavy, and we both loved my butternut squash corn enchiladas - the tomatillo verde sauce really made it stand out, and I love how the tortillas were baked until the ends were slightly crispy.  Side salad was a perfect complement with those cute little crispy tortilla strips that I can't find in grocery stores.  The falafel with pita was fairly good but was almost too small for anyone with a normal appetite (only 3 small falafel croquettes).  Although we did not have beer/wine there were a handful of choices, and I was pleased to see Hoegaarden, Anchor Steam, and a few other craft beer choices.  Restaurant is divided into two areas, one with small seating & kitchen/bar that leads to a covered hallway with outdoor seating, followed by the main dining area with numerous tables.  Decor somewhat suggested a homestyle European feel but I could be off on that.  Location is actually a good couple of tenths of a mile west of Shea inside a small shopping area just off Shea, and it's on the eastern side of this shopping area.  Parking is excellent, and this is an underappreciated feature of restaurants today.I was hoping for breakfast like the other location, and it was disappointing to note that they're only open for lunch as well.  Portion sizes could have been larger, especially for the entree prices, or conversely the prices could have been more modest given the size of the orders.  I'm not sure what the norm is way up north of the 101 on Pima, but around Shea/Scottsdale there are a lot of delicious choices for less.  Nonetheless, I'll be back to try several other items and will probably go here as a top choice whenever I crave butternut squash/corn enchiladas.
2	I have to say, I was soooo disappointed with my last visit to The Herb Box. The Hubs and I took the wee one for a late lunch last week. The restaurant was surprisingly busy for how late it was in the afternoon, and we sat outside in their small courtyard. Our server was new (2nd day) and a little out if it, but nice nonetheless. We ordered the cheese plate for a starter, and the falafel and turkey avocado wrap for entrees. OH MY GOD the service was SO slow. It took a good 25 minutes for us to receive our measly, pathetic excuse of a cheese plate. Some Carr crackers and water wafers thrown onto a cheese board with a handful of dried cherries, boring slices of Tillamook, blue and some other something cheese no one bothered to identify for us. I was so sadly disappointed with the cheese tray. The cheeses looked as if they had been purchased in bulk at Costco and shaved onto a plate, the crackers I can find in my pantry at home, and the dried cherries came out of the bulk bin at my local Sprouts. Where was the variety? The grapes and apples and nuts and artisan cheeses and crackers? And of course the "Market Cheese Board" had a "MKT" price of TWELVE DOLLARS. No way!!! MISS.Probably a good forty minutes after ordering did we FINALLY receive our meals. Seriously, how long does it take to throw together a wrap? A COLD TORTILLA FILLED WITH COLD CUTS AND SALAD? Beats me, but for the time spent waiting I was expecting the best damn wrap I've ever laid lips on. WRONG. It was bland and boring. I didn't finish half. The sweet potato chips were devoured though, of course.The falafel was pretty good. They were deep fried, and a little overdone, but still okay. I'll give them that.All I am saying is what happened to my last 5-star experience at The Herb Box? The food was so miserable this time around, and the slow service was, too. Sadly, I don't think we will be going back.
5	I don't think words can really express my long-term love for The Herb Box.  Back when I lived in Phoenix, I probably visited The Herb Box about 3-4 times a month (and oft resisted going even more frequently).Ambiance: It's everything you want in a cute lunch place.  You can see and be seen, hide away in a corner, or enjoy misters outside.  The place has character, the sweets are displayed for you to devour with your eyes, and it's relaxing to be there.Appetizers: The Roasted Red Pepper Hummus is a MUST HAVE.  Served with fresh, home-made pita chips (often still warm) and a wonderful, substantive hummus with a bit of a bite, I can't get enough.Entree: My die-hard favorite (and what I would eat as my last meal on earth) is the Grilled Chicken and Sage Pesto Sandwich (without the greens).  It's beautiful, white meat chicken on ciabatta, with a pesto spread, fresh bacon bits, sliced apple, and goat cheese.  Served with a side of fresh and crisp sweet potato chips, the contrast and deliciousness is amazing.  Simply unbeatable.Dessert:  They have a chef who specializes and clearly rejoices in making sweets, so they always have something different to choose from.  Check out the options while you're there to decide.  Some of my favorites have been: Whoopie Pies, Almond Chocolate Chip Cookies, and Espresso Cookies.Service:  The servers are always friendly and helpful.  Get to know them and you get even better service.  Marlee, who's been my favorite server for the last 3 years, is out of this world and super friendly.  The owner is also often there and is very sweet.The Market:  I used to get take out from The Herb Box all the time and let me tell you: it's just as delicious at home or at the office.  Anyway, you pick it up on The Market side of the establishment, where you can also find tons of other ready-made tasties to go.  They sell their super fresh, beautifully dusted sweet potato chips there in larger bags.  It's definitely worth stopping by.Catering:  The Herb Box actually stared as a catering company and I've had them cater several parties.  Their staff is ultra-friendly and accommodating and will remember you afterwards when you stop in the restaurant too.  They put out a beautiful spread of sandwiches, wraps, cheese spreads, and whatever else you ask for!This place is a must visit if you live in Arizona or visit Phoenix or Scottsdale.  Do whatever it takes to get yourself there and become as obsessed as I am.  If you're wondering what their current sweet is or if anything new is going on with them, check them out on twitter: www.twitter.com/theherbbox
4	Went with wife and her parents for dinner last night to Herb Box.  The temp is finally coming down in AZ so sitting outside on the cute patio was an amazing treat.  The food could have been mediocre and we would have had a nice night; however, the food was far from mediocre.  Very delicious.Started out with the beef carpaccio which was really good but just a little bit too salty.  I could not tell if the salt was added on or just due to the meat but tasted like extra salt was added for seasoning.  For dinner we had the trout (cooked perfectly) with this yummy mac and cheese as a side.  We also had the balsamic beet side.  I am a huge fan of beets and they did a great job with this side.Definitely recommend giving The Herb Box a try if you are in the North Scottsdale area.
5	Time for an Herb Box update... this one is specifically for the catering side of the business.  Read on if you want details on the pre-pre-Wedding celebration we had at our house last Thursday night.I always knew that when the time was right, I'd have the Herb Box cater a party for me... and the time finally came.  We had about 40 people over at our house on the Thursday night before our wedding.  It was primarily our friends that flew in from out of town early and we really wanted to entertain.  So I reached out to Robert, Director of Catering, and explained what we were thinking about.  He responded in no time at all and he was extremely professional as we went back and forth a few times on pricing, menu, etc... the outcome was perfect.  We had a buffet style dinner including a chef and two buffet attendants.  Robert and Mary came over to the house a few days before to do a walk-through, and go over details.  On the day of our event, the team came early and went above and beyond, even running to the store for us to pick up lemons and limes.  I know you're dying to know what our menu was, aren't you?  Okay - I'll share!  Here you go:-Urban Market Salad with watercress, red pepper, dried corn, sugared pecans, avocado, and blue cheese vinaigrette (dressing on the side)-Citrus & Rum Free-Range Chicken with watercress, pear-gorgonzola salsa-Alaskan Salmon with maple-ginger glaze-Asparagus couscous with feta and mint-Grilled vegetable feast with farmers goat cheese and herbs-and of course my favorite, the Signature Sweet Potato Chips dusted with mild curryWe arrived at the above menu after looking through around eight pages worth of gourmet menu items that are all appealing possibilities if you choose to use the Herb Box to cater your event.  They worked within our budget and made it quite an evening to remember.  I highly recommend using The Herb Box whether you're catering a party for 12 or 100+.  Just trust me on one thing - make sure you get those sweet potato chips!
4	Came here yesterday for a quick bite to eat and got a great sandwich! I ordered the smoked turkey on ciabatta. The bread was VERY good and the turkey had a lot of flavor. The red pepper aioli spread had the perfect amount of spice to it. The smoked bacon and gouda was not over powering at all. I was very impressed with how all ingredients in the sandwich went together. I would love to come back and try some other things like their wraps.
5	Great Lunch place!Great food!Cheerful service!Sit in the courtyard.....this is definitely the Scottsdale Ladies lunch place to go...
5	The Herb Box Scottsdale is now in what was the Estate House Restaurant in Old Town area. The food is casual yet sublime. The ambiance at the Scottsdale location is fantastic and gives competition to Olive and Ivy any day!
5	The Herb Box will not disappoint you at all.  If it does then I really don't think you know how food should taste.  Seriously, the food here is something anyone should look forward to in there day. The ambiance is very nice and quaint which adds to a very intimate experience as well.The wraps here are all works of creativity.  Using fresh and/or organic ingredients making a delightful meal.  There are many wraps to choose from and I think you can't go wrong with any of them.  As and added treat your order includes a side of sweet potato chips...and yes they are wonderful!This place surely knows what they are doing and without a doubt has a bright future.  I'll be back many times and I'm sure it will be busy every time!
5	I'm a fan of The Herb Box. I realize I'd been there once before and really enjoyed it then as well.Today the family came by to meet for lunch and I happened to have an email in my inbox with the new lunch menu at Shea. Talk about good timing. I'm trying to be a bit better at eating healthy and looking at the menu, there seemed to be a number of selections that would let me do that & still enjoy the food.From looking at the menu, it was nice to see that they buy local where possible and are part of the Slow Food movement.We started with the housemade sweet potato chips with sea salt and curry. These are ridiculously addictive. My 2  year old kept telling us "don't eat them all" and putting her hand over the basket. We all couldn't stop. While they might not really be, they even seemed healthy-ish (for chips anyway). I'd love to see if they had an extra curry version.For lunch, we ordered the market sunflower salad (with chicken, bacon, goat cheese, dried berries, sunflower seeds & balsamic vinaigrette), the blackened chicken caesar salad (with crisp romaine, cotija cheese, tortilla strips and a chipotle-parmesan caesar dressing), and the kids split the brown sugar pork sandwich (with watercress-jicama slaw).As our little ones have dairy and egg allergies, they were great about working around that and giving us suggestions. They were super nice with the kids too.The food was excellent all the way around. I'm not by nature a big salad guy but I went that way as I'm trying to lay off the carbs a bit. I really liked both and will be eager to order either of them again. I'm also eager to try some of the more carb-y items on the menu when I can. They had a couple of soups that sounded wonderful. The service was great. Our server was quite knowledgeable, super personable and very engaging. He also put up with our 2 girls flirting with him non-stop.As far as drinks, we did green tea and blackberry jasimine tea. Both were quite nice.As I'm committed to staying on this healthy train, I think there will be many, many more visits to The Herb Box in my future. At present, I'm hard pressed to think a better healthy/tasty lunch option.
5	Just went for my first time last night with "the "girls". Two of us heard about it and after I read the reviews and checked out the menu it was slated for our next night out.Anyway we had a memorable evening with wine, the make-your-own cheeseboard and the to-die-for pear and gorganzola flatbread pizza. It was topped with fried sage leaves -- different and delicious. Afterward we were able to fit dessert and shared a huge slice of fresh layer cake filled and frosted with dark chocolate. Sublime! Can't wait to go back and try other dishes - definitely made it to my 'Restaurants to Frequent' list :)
2	Here's the honest to goodness truth:  Hit or miss.  I've been to both locations and each time, it hasn't been consistent.  One time it's good and the next...not so good.  Consider my score a 2.5 and I will go back, because I'm due for good experience.  Just to make my self clear, it's not the service.  The service has always been good and there's a gal there that's super sweet (she's at the N. scottsdale location).  I remember her, because she has a two year little girl, too.
5	I just moved to Scottsdale from San Diego and Ive got to say I have not been disappointed in the food! The Herb Box was delicious! We went to the DC location for Sunday brunch and the BLT was amazing! We took our puppy and sat outside. Very peaceful and relaxing! Ill be back very soon!
1	DC Ranch Market Street Location...So my wife, kids, and I were in town visiting friends we hadn't seen in awhile and they brought us here.  Their choices for restaurants are usually spot on though I must say The HERB BOX was a huge disappointment.  Being apart of The Slow Food movement I expected more.  The only thing SLOW was the service and smiles.  In a shopping center where stores are closing down left and right a smile can go a long way.  Instead we were ignored by the hostess who finally when deciding to realize that we were waiting for a table excused herself to locate us a place to sit on the patio.  Mind you it was a Saturday and the patio was empty (sign of the times, or the food and service?).  She then returned 10 minutes later surprised to see us  still waiting for a table.  Her attitude towards us because of having young children with us was appalling.  It's a Cafe/Bistro not a 3 star Michelin restaurant that only serves dinner!  My 4 year olds manners are better than hers are.  The food was also nothing exceptional, panini shouldn't take 30 minutes when there are no other people at the restaurant except wannabe socialites sitting at the bar patio side.I would definitely not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  What a shame!!!  The HERB BOX will probably be the next store to close down in the DC Ranch Market street shopping center.
4	Thanks to Yelp reviews, my hubby and I learned about the Herb Box in advance of our visit to Scottsdale earlier this month and had lunch there one day before visiting the Desert Botanical Garden.  We both loved the Herb Box, although at first my hubby was concerned that he was the only guy except for our remarkably good and friendly server, Christopher, among a sea of "ladies who lunch".We arrived early, about 11:30 and as there was only one other person in the (Shea) Herb Box we seated ourselves at a four top right by the window.  Christopher, who knew what was to follow that we did not which was a nearly full house by 12:10, could have asked us to move to a two top but he didn't.   We apologized to him later as the crowds started to arrive for taking up a table for four and said next time we'd know better.  But he was most gracious saying something like "no worries, you probably made my job easier".  Indicative of the friendly service he delivered throughout the meal.We split an order of remarkably good enchiladas that were filled with butternut squash and corn and cheese (queso anejo) and served with a perfectly spicy tomatillo sauce.  Along with a side order of yummy apple, frisee slaw that included little cubes of swiss cheese, cranberries (or was it pomegranate seeds that day?) and cashew pieces, it was a delightful meal.  We didn't have a means to keep take out cool in our warm car while we went to the Garden or we would have taken out dessert for later as well as other savory dishes for dinner at the resort villa unit where we were staying.Next time we're in Scottsdale we'll arrange it so we can enjoy several more meals from The Herb Box as there were many items on the menu and being served to the tables around us that looked great!Note for the wheelchair accessible listing that shows on the Yelp review page, the eating space is accessible through one of the entry doors, but we're very aware of accessibility these days and  if you use a wheelchair be prepared that the bathroom is not accessible.
5	I attended a baby shower that was catered by the Herb Box. I knew it was going to be good - when we pulled up and saw the Herb Box vehicle, all my friends in the car started oohing and ahhing about the food we were about to eat. The food was displayed so beautifully - it looked like a feast for kings and queens. So so pretty!There were two different kinds of wraps, plantain chips w/ this amazing creamy crab dip, the most wonderful sundried tomato spread on crispy crostinis, and yummy mixed green salad. Everything tasted amazing. I am not a fan of sundried tomatoes, but that spread was so good - I wish I had the recipe!If I ever need catering, I will definitely use this company!
4	Flippin' delicious.This place is a foodie's dream come true.I had the blackened salmon plate, with salad greenery, pita and tzatski sauce (or however you spell that)The blackened salmon was heavenly, nice and spicy, and cooked perfectly.....  combine that with all the other elements on the plate.... YUM.I'll be back, becuase I really did want to try like 10 other items on the menu.
4	The Herb Box is a little hard to find for first timers, but worth your effort to get there.  You have to turn up a street that looks like you are going to a residential area before you get there and then it is tucked into a strip mall.  The Herb Box offers a wide range menu with a good selection of grab and go dinners/lunches in the cold case in the bar/pick up side of the restaurant.  They actually have two suites that are side by side that offer sit down and pickup.  If you are getting To Go or Pickup orders, they do a nice job of using good quality boxes that keep the food protected and warm.  They also will sell their salad dressings (vinagarette = yum) in nice glass take home bottles. I highly recommend the Butternut Squash Enchiladas.  They are little more pricey than everything else on the menu and lack a true side, but they are very rich in flavor and have a very pleasant spicy taste that trailers the sweetness the butternut squash offers.  They are also cooked to perfection leaving the cheese nicely melted and crisping up the shell without it becoming soggy.They offer a nice variety of salads and side options.  Another few notes, the mac n' cheese in the To Go case is a good reheat item to take home for a side or late night snack or powerful enough for a dinner.  The vinegarette  goes great with an orzo pasta and feta cheese.  The take home baked goods are very tasty.Cozy little cafe style feel at The Herb Box and a simple menu with big flavor give this a 4 star rating!
4	All I can say is "mmmm mmmm good"! I've gone more times than I can count for lunch and serioulsy loved both locations. My favorite is the Grilled Chicken & Sage Pesto but have also tried (and loved) Tzatziki - Humas - Olives with Pitas, White Bean Chicken Chile, Turkey, Apple & Swiss Wrap & finally the Apple & Frisee Slaw . Oh and lets not forget about the Sweet Potato Chips!  One downside is they charge you $5 to split plates! Seriously?! And that I'm afraid is why they only get 4 stars from me.
4	Herb box is one of our favorite places for breakfast/lunch. Their food is very unique and they use extremely fresh ingredients. Have never had a bad meal. The pita/hummus app, market sunflower salad, chilaquiles, pancakes and banana bread are our favorites. Also try one of their fresh juices, or our favorite, grab a bottle of sparkling wine/champagne with a creamer of mango puree on the side for a nice twist on mimosas. The atmosphere is relaxed yet eclectic. The flat screen tv at the bar is a plus too.  Highly suggest enjoying an afternoon beverage on the patio or at the outside part of the bar. The only criticism is that sometimes the staff appears a bit inexperienced, although always friendly. In particular, we were there today and waited for 20 minutes while a handful of tables sat empty on the patio with plenty of room for the couple reservations that were on the books. After your meal, set aside a few minutes to walk around the Market Street shops and check out the small park behind Grimaldi's.
4	Damn you Scottsdale for taking all the best restaurants away from the rest of the valley!! This is yet another one of Scotty's finest: the freshest ingredients with the awesomest service.After reading some funtastic reviews from my main man Yelp, swung by here a little after the lunch rush on fine Tuesday afternoon. Had the smoked turkey on ciabatta, rosemary steak ciabatta, with the yummus/tzaziki/olives appetizer. WARNING do not get an appetizer unless you are hungry as a hippo!! The sandwiches and wraps come with these deelicious sweet potato chipperoos, both of which will fill you up like a cactus on a rainy day. The tab came up to ~$35, an eency bit steep for me for lunch as I probably could have had the same quality of food/service at the Jungle (of Pita, that is), but nonetheless just as excellent and well worth another visit the next time I stop by Scott's and Dale's hood!
4	I love this little restaurant.  A friend suggested it to me, and I have been recommending it to others ever since.  It is absolutely charming, the food is good (and a fair helping at a fair price), and the waitstaff was both efficient and friendly!  I cannot wait to try it again next week!
4	After convincing my mom that we should drive out of our way to eat here (we were in Central Phoenix with plans to head towards downtown), we were both so happy that we did.For lunch, unless you're already ordering them with your meal, I'd recommend side of sweet potato chips to start. They're fantastic. We could not stop eating them. We both ordered a salad; for me, the Sunflower Market salad, and my mom had the Tuna Salad. I don't always like to order a salad when I'm hungry because some salads can be disappointingly small (or maybe a good portion for a tiny person), but I like to eat and am sometimes left wanting more after such a salad. The Herb Box's salad was not like this. It was filling. It was delicious. It was perfect. There were dried strawberries and blueberries on it! What?!Also, the iced green tea is some of the best I've had (other than from my own tea kettle). Bonus - if you ask, you can get a cup to-go. My mom has taught me that you ALWAYS ask for a cup of iced tea to-go. Way to pass on the important traditions, ma.Although The Herb Box was out of the way, it is worth the drive. I can only imagine that their dinner menu is even more imaginative than their lunch menu. I guess I'll just have to find out the next time I'm in the area.
5	OM mutha funkin G!!!!!!This place is amazing. The food was spectacular, and the vibe was perfect. I had the market salad and for some reason I was craving pears so the waiter offered to add and it was utterly phenomenal. You have to get the sweet potato chips. perfectly crispy and delish. This place has it right. Good Job Herb Box. You will for sure see my ass there again!!! Guaranteed!!!!
5	I really love The Herb Box and highly recommend it for the awesome tasting, healthy food, the setting, and the friendly serviceI've tried maybe five of their dishes and often find myself asking for the Grilled Chicken & Sage Pesto everytime I visit only because I totally love it. It's a light dish that's full of flavor. Another dish I would highly recommend is the Brown Sugar Pork Ciabatta Sandwich. It's a little heartier than the Sage Pesto I typically get, but not that heavy. The brown sugar gives it a sweet flavor that just doesn't disappoint. Yet another winner that I've tried is the Turkey, Apple & Swiss Wrap. I really like apple slices in a sandwich because it gives you something firm to hold on to and a crunch you normally don't get when eating a sandwich or a wrap. The dried cranberries also gives this a wrap a sweet flavor. I also love the dried sweet potato chips that comes with the sandwich or wraps. You can also order this as an appetizer or extra side dish. The chips can stand on it's own and makes the whole dish even better and not just something on the side to help fill you up. I usually start with the chips and spend a lot of time on that before moving to main part of the dish.Another plus at this Herb Box is the enclosed setting as it's located inside a strip mall away from the daily hecticness of day-to-day life. The seat capacity is very small. I think it seats maybe 20 to 25 inside and maybe 15 outside. I believe this is due largely to their primary endeavors in the catering business. I like the small setting as it gives it a more homely and intimate feel. The service here is also very friendly.In summary, I love going to this location and would suggest it to anyone.
5	The Herb Box is a perfect destination for ladies who lunch! It offers fresh, healthy, delicious menu options. My favorite thing to order is the hummus trio. I treat myself to the Scottsdale location once a week.
5	I'd never had Herb Box until earlier this year when one of our Reps brought us it for lunch.  Now? I can't imagine life without it.I should probably branch out and order something new, but I can't seem to get away from the Veggie & Hummus Pita Wrap.  It tastes healthy, yes, but also, INCREDIBLE! The veggies are tossed in some fab dressing of sort and it's just all sorts of goodness bundled in a fresh pita wrap.  Every time I foolishly gorge and devour the whole thing (eh, I'll just unbutton the pants...) even though I know that the Sweet Potato chips are coming too.  Also which I foolishly gorge!I can't comment on what it's like there, we always have it brought to us.  But if eating there means its a bit fresher and possibly even better, sign me up!And now I'm hungry....
1	If you have children, DO NOT  bring them here. I asked to sit inside with my baby and was told by our waitress that "we would clutter" the area, NO LIE! I would have left but was meeting my best friend and son for lunch. Sat outside, ordered some apps and waited, waited, waited, oh did I mention waited for our waitress to come back to take our lunch order? It was horrible!!!! We waited so long for her to take our order that when we did get our food, I asked for the bill and a to-go box. Oddly enough, when we were done eating, she brought us the bill and box- again, confirming how long you must wait.The food was good. Tasted fresh but what really ruined lunch for us was the blonde waitress we had. She needs to learn to smile and actually WORK for her tip. Felt like she was doing us a favor by bringing us our food. I called my husband and I told him that though I enjoyed my company, I very much disliked the service.I will not be back.
5	This place is A-MAZ-ING! Our waiter was a little awkward, but that didn't matter once the food showed up. We got two sandwiches (one turkey one pork) and a salad that was a special (with fresh ahi tuna on the top). All three meals were perfect. Would recommend to anyone who's will spend a pretty penny on a great mean.
4	Mom wanted to take me out for a nicer lunch and recommended The Herb Box. Dad thought it sounded girlie but moms always win when it comes to food :). Walk in and sit down in nice chairs and the first thing my Dad has to do is apologize for assuming it would be girlie because the restaurant actually looks good and there are other men eating there too... gotta love him. Food was excellent, I had the Apple Turkey sandwich and loved it. The greens they used were fresh and delicious (they try to have their ingredients as local as possible and you cold really taste that). The sandwich comes with sweet potato chips and they were the best sweet potato chips I have ever had. Excellent crisp, well salted, impossible to stop eating. Parents loved their dishes and before I could ask for a bite we had all finished ours so I can only assume that they were yummy too (my mom went on and on about their squash enchiladas). Just an FYI they are moving as of January 1st to Old Town Scottsdale to a bigger location which I am really happy about because they have been slowly growing since they opened 15 years ago. This is a big and exciting step for them and I would recommend getting out there to visit them to support the move.
3	This was just...  OK.  After hearing and reading so many great things about The Herb Box I was sure I would really enjoy it.  Well, no.  Not so much.  Especially disappointing because my Mom was with me during an all-too-brief visit to AZ, and I really wanted to take her somewhere great.  We arrived around 1:30, purposefully avoiding the 'lunch rush'.  I thought this would be a good thing.  What we found was a disorganized and distracted staff and a lot of uncleared tables.  Once we were seated and given menus, we were pretty much abandoned for a good 10 minutes.  At last a couple of glasses of water arrived, but the waitress disappeared again before we could place our order.  She came in and out of the dining area, seating others and even taking their orders, but didn't acknowledge us until I was ready to A) fold the menu into a paper airplane and aim it at her head and B) leave.  Helloooooooooo????At last we were able to order.  Hooray!  Wait, don't get excited yet, she didn't enter the orders into the terminal.  Oops.  When we finally received our food it was not exactly worth waiting that long for, either.  I had the Market Sunflower Salad and my mom had the Blackened Chicken Caesar Wrap.  While good, I don't think either dish warranted the $12 price tags.  It is lettuce and chicken, people.  Really.Yes, the location is 'cute' and 'quaint'.  Yes the ingredients are fresh.  Perhaps if we had a different waitress I would have been happier.
4	Medical Marijuana is a reality in Arizona but you won't need a prescription to get a little "Herb" in old Town. As of January 1st 2011, The Herb Box Southbridge is open and serving up signature dishes to satisfy your munchies.Helmed by Chef Becky Windels and business partner Susan Smederovac-Wilcox, the Southbridge location combines the catering division previously located further North with a new Market serving an extensive selection of farm fresh salads, soups, signature sandwiches and specials all prepared with fresh, local produce. (I even have it on good authority that neighborhood residents will be able to pick up staples like milk, important as there isn't a supermarket or convenience store in the immediate area).The menu at The Herb Box Southbridge is virtually identical to that at the DC Ranch location I've written about previously, all fresh, all tasty.Todays meal, pancetta wrapped shrimp served on a bed of mixed greens. This is one of my favorite plates on the menu.Salty pancetta adds the perfect texture to plump shrimp and the blackberry wasabi reduction drizzled over it is just plain delicious (sweet with just the right amount of bite at the finish).Next up, Smoked BBQ Chicken flat bread. Though the menu would lead you to believe the chicken is "smoked," I would certainly disagree.What I will say is that it's perfectly grilled, the crunchy bacon, sweet tomatoes, red onions and Gouda are a perfect compliment, but the organic greens perched atop, though tasty, just don't work for me on this item. (though it should be said, I generally don't love salad greens on anything more than sandwiches).All in all, I'm excited that Old Town's first Herb dispensary is open for business and would definitely recommend you stopping by the market for a quick grab n go lunch or sitting upstairs in the warm and inviting dining room for a leisurely enjoyed meal.**Disclaimer:  This visit was pre-opening at a "mock service" and was free of charge though this in no way influenced my opinion of the establishment.
4	I was a lucky girl the other night. Rico, B's husband has moved from Z Tejas to the Herb Box so I got to tag along to the "practice night", I'm sure there's technical term for if for those in the business but for me it meant free dinner at one of my favorite places. First, the decor. You can't work in interior design for six years and not notice design. They've done it up in a cozy Cape Cod feel with exposed beams, wide plank floors, lots of blue and sea colors. Not so much you feel like you're in a sea food restaurant, but in a chic way. It has a little bit of a contemporary feel and the bathrooms are very cool. Check out the sinks. Go on. You need to go just for that. B and I got there first, another friend was meeting us but was running a little late so we started with the cilantro crab dip, one of my favorites. There are nice, big chunks of crab in it and the plantain chips it comes with are thin, crisp and salty. For the main course B decided on the goat cheese chicken and enjoyed it. Our other friend got her old standby the Market Sunflower Salad and added salmon. I debated between the trout and the short ribs and ultimately decided on the short ribs but think next time I'll go with the trout. I have to say the short ribs were the second best I've had, in line right behind Chelsea's Kitchens. For dessert our waiter brought us a slice of the stout cake with espresso frosting, pure heaven, and a piece of the blackberry bread pudding. The bread pudding was more like a steamed dumpling and was lacking in flavor though the creme anglais it came with was creamy and unctuous. The espresso frosting on the cake reminded me of penuche candy.  I wasn't too excited to get a piece of cake but it really was a nice treat.  I just ate the frosting off the back I was so full by this time. The Herb Box also has a beautiful patio with big windows opening to the bar and comfortable, intimate fireplaces. This is such a convenient location right in old town and steps away from the mall, I know it will become a regular place for me.
5	My office picked up some food from the market at The Herb Box Southbridge for lunch yesterday. It was AMAZING!Butternut squash with pomegranate, roasted veggie, black eyed pea salad, steak salad, roasted brussel sprouts and plantain chips....So delicious, words cannot even describe!Perfect smorgasbord! Plus, the entire office has been on a health-kick what with New Year's weight-loss resolutions and all...all the tastiness and none of the guilt.I'd highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a quality meal that won't break the bank or your diet! Can't wait to try the eatery side...
5	Amazing !! Amazing!! Amazing !!  -- Herb Box is becoming my new found meet for lunch / dinner spot.  Local food made fresh and delicious with savory spot -on flavors..you must try it! It's been awhile since I have wanted to write a review for anything, but tonight my tastebuds and I want to sing to the world! Hallelujah and Rejoice!  I have always loved the far north Herb Box which is a lovely place and a great place. But now Herb Box is more centrally located in Scottsdale at the  larger Southbridge venue. This promises to be a great place to meet friends for breakfast, lunch or dinner  when anywhere near the  area. The brand new look and feel says we have thought this out and we want you to be comfortable but feel impressed. Great spacing , lighting and seating make the place very inviting ...it just screams bring your friends over, meet me for a drink or appetizer,  stop in for breakfast after farmers market. Don't miss the girls bathroom .Regal feel with some sweet surprise...yes that is a sink...the mirror felt like I was Alice in Wonderland....Tonight  for dinner we enjoyed the lovely cilantro and crab dip with fried plantains ,that make me smile and plot how I can steal more...shall I say it accidentally feel on the floor and demand more ? I just might.  Shh don't tell.Mike and I split the flatbread/ pizza with pear and Gorgonzola that just excites the tongue...It is savory comfort food for sure. We also split the Thai Ribs..Oh my Gravy !!..wow!! ..ribs with BBQ sauce that is completely thai and spicy and burn  you but   in  a good way ..loved it! We also had the Gouda mac and cheese,  creamy , rich and make you fell like someone whipped the up just for you..Mom had a large piece of salmon roasted in honey with guess what?  super tasty parsnips ..yup I said parsnips...I thought they were a joke food but no longer, parsnips are now on my to do list. We finished off the meal with more mind grabbing tastes. biting into  a chocolate tart that had the right mix of sweet and decadence without feeling like you ate a spoonful of  chocolate frosting ,very cravable and a must for every diner. We also shared a sweet little Crostina with berries ...tasted great, without an over sweetness so common to many restaurants.I  must also mention the great blackberry jasmine green tea , so refreshing. The Herb Box is full of great tastes , and if that is not enough ,...there is an adjacent market  chocked full of great tastes to go with an emphasis on local fare. ( think CROWS DAIRY and QUEEN CREEK OLIVE MILL ) They have foods to go , cheeses , dairy and great out of this world baked goods.  My plan, next time I need a bite before heading to the mall, is to grab a delicious treat , a small wedge of chees and a piece of fruit , no more mall food for me. Yes I loved it .Yelpers keep your eyes open for the UYE soon to be announced   by me    ...You are in for a delightful treat.
5	If eating at a place two days in a row says anything about the way I feel, then I might as well call Herb Box my new Old Town cuisine love. It's been with much anticipation that I've waited for the Herb Box to open in this prime real estate at the Waterfront. Was it everything I hoped for? Yes and it's finally given the area the jolt it needs.Upstairs Dining:I first dined here yesterday for a work lunch. During the midst of the BCS bowl madness, I noticed and nodded in approval for how calm, cool and collected the staff remained no matter the amount of chaos surrounding them. While deciding between sitting inside and outside, I did a quick walk-through of the restaurant and noticed that both atmospheres seemed appealing and comfortable for dining. So, after opting for outdoor seating, the dining experience began. First off, I was happy to see how fast they refill drinks. It probably wasn't good for my diet coke addiction, but it made me happy anyway! I went for the Mediterranean wrap with turkey and the sweet potato chips. Every ingredient was filling and fresh all at the same time. I could tell that I was giving my body the solid nutrients it needed while satisfying my hunger and typical love for fatty food. The sweet potato chips are temptation on a plate. They are salty, crispy and sweet all fried into one glorious chip. The meal was hearty but not too hearty and therefore perfect for an afternoon lunch that will get you through the rest of the day. The patio was enjoyable and although it was a little chilly out, they had heaters around to warm it up. I've definitely found a new lunchtime favorite in the Herb Box and will be suggesting a visit here whenever I have a lunch appointment!The Market I almost feel like the Herb Box dining room and market deserve two separate reviews, so I'm breaking it up. I have been waiting and hoping for more markets like this to open in Old Town! I am always on the go and sometimes I just want to run in and out and get a decent meal while avoiding the sit down service. Welcome Herb Box Market! For my second visit (for the second day in a row mind you), I visited the Market to place my order and I was pleasantly surprised to see that many of the options were pre-made and ready to go! I debated between another wrap or a salad but I went the salad route this time. The tuna salad looked tasty but I normally avoid tuna because of the mayo...that is until they told me that this tuna is actually relatively low in fat and doesn't have any mayo! Amen Herb Box! Now I know where I can go for my tuna fix without requiring an additional 30 minutes at the gym! I love hummus and they sell individual hummus there, so I made that purchase as well. Just like my dining experience, my meal left me satisfied and full but not feeling like a fattie. I noticed some delectable looking pastries as well as olive oils and other natural goodies too. The girl at the counter told me that they focus on making their meals in the healthiest way possible. That makes me and the inner fat kid inside me feel much better! I plan on staying away from the Herb Box for at least two days (hopefully) but I can't wait to visit again and again!And before I go, I have to mention the bathrooms...the bathrooms are as cool as I remembered from a visit to shop that lived in this location before Herb became the word. Each stall has its own setup including a sink behind closed doors...so be sure to check them out!
3	new location place is very nice..good mix in the menu..food and service were very good. they have a huge outside patio area should be great when it gets a bit warmer.
4	I have a coworker in from out of town and we all normally go out and try new places while he is in town.  The Herb Box was recommended by another coworker who hadn't been here, but had heard good things.I had the trout entree and it was quite flavorful, flaky - but not too dry and was the perfect size.  Trout should be cooked simply (take note Green House) and my favorite way is cooked in a pan with butter, salt, pepper and lemon.  That is it!  While this entree when a bit beyond they did not ruin it the way Green House does.  I would definitely get it again.My coworkers had the short ribs (=great) and the regular ribs (=excellent).  I am a pescatarian so I abstain from the land loving meats, but their dishes did smell great.One BIG recommendation is the Gouda Mac 'n Cheese!  AMAZINGLY good. The service was excellent and the location was great.  We all sat along the walking path by the water and it was very nice.  Great place to take a lady friend or any friend.
5	I have been here twice now- once for dinner and once for brunch.  I love the space- the outside is cozy, warm and inviting.  My wife and I had a drink at a small table by the bar with our own fireplace. It was very relaxing. We followed this with dinner on the patio. I had the ribs and they were surprisingly EXCELLENT.  They fell off the bone and were super tasty.  In addition, I have a dairy allergy and the waiter went the extra mile to ensure everything I had was dairy free.Brunch was also excellent.  I had the egg sandwich and it was also very tasty.  It is a great location, great atmosphere and I have had 2 great experiences.
5	The Herb Box recently opened in Scottsdale...yeah. I have eaten here 4 times in the last two weeks. The best and freshest ingredients served in a wonderful waterside setting. It just doesn't get better. A real new favorite of mine. I was waited on by Chaunce yesterday at lunch and he is the most delightful person and only made the experience better. He is witty and truly passionate about the place. Thank you Herb Box.
4	The folks at The Herb Box have decided to bring their own brand of goodness to Old Town Scottsdale, by opening up a new location, and we couldn't be more excited. Located at Southbridge (7134 E. Stetson Drive) The Herb Box is now open for breakfast, lunch and dinner. For those of you who have never been to their DC Ranch location, you are in for a treat. The Herb Box specializes in some of the best appetizers, sandwiches, enchiladas and flatbreads around and puts their own unique twist on these familiar favorites.  Try the Butternut Squash Corn Enchiladas with tomatillo verde fiesta salad covered in red peppers, cotija and sugared pecans, it is a personal favorite. If a sandwich is what you are in the mood for Schmooze recommends Roasted Turkey, Pear and Arugula or the Blackened Chicken Caesar Wrap. Stressful day, need a time-out, be sure to ask for the progressive wine list featuring over 40 wines by the glass to go along with your lunch.Speaking of wine (okay so we love Happy Hour) Happy Hour is from 3 - 6 pm, Mon - Sat with $2 off appetizers, $5 glass of wine or $3 microbrews. The Happy Hour specials change daily, but your server will be delighted to give you a take-away menu so that you can plan your afternoons accordingly.  Friday is a can't miss day with $9 Sesame Seared Ahi and $6 Blackberry Mojitos.  Can it get any better then this! Yes, yes it can.... Reverse Happy Hour Fri/Sat from 10 am - 12 noon. Happy, happy dance!The Herb Box is also your destination for breakfast (served 8 -11 am), where you can have a wonderful breakfast on the front patio with a $5 Bloody Mary or Mimosa.  Feeling adventurous, try a strawberry or blueberry Mimosa to go along with some Cinnamon Buckwheat Pancakes! O-tay! The Chilequiles with egg, corn tortilla and pulled pork are also high on our list of recommendations. Sunday Brunch is also served from 8 am - 3pm for the brunch crowd.In keeping with the DC Ranch arrangement, The Herb Box also has a market that features the same menu as the regular restaurant as well as boxed lunches ready to grab and go if you find yourself in a hurry.
4	I have a confession to make. When I found out that I'd be visiting Scottsdale for work, I secretly thought that the places where we'd be eating and drinking for the week wouldn't hold a candle to my favorite spots in other cities I've visited, like San Francisco, LA, Chicago or NYC. Well, I was wrong and I will happily eat my slice of humble pie, especially if it's from The Herb Box. The first thing I noticed about the spot was how open and stylish the space was. I loved the old timey bicycle decorating the back wall, I loved the funky upholstery, I loved the classy bathrooms even. My preconceived notions continued to break down as I perused the menu. For lunch, the offered row after row of amazing options, from fresh made sweet potato chips to a lunch plat du fromage to a whole array of salads and sandwiches. I went with the coconut shrimp salad and when it came out I practically dove head first into the bowl, devouring the ridiculously fresh veiggies and freshly fried shrimp. I think at one point I cried out, "It feels like a garden is blooming in my mouth!!" The meal was complete with a nibble of some of those famous sweet potato chips and a gulp of their mango lemonade. Then why not five stars, you ask? Well, the service was slow. Very slow. They warned us that it might be as we had a large party, but 40 minutes for your dishes to come out just doesn't cut it, I'm sorry. When we asked about the progress our waiter said that it was due to all of our special requests, "like asking for steak on your salad." This confused me, as getting steak on your salad was an option listed on the menu, so it didn't seem so special to me. Nevertheless, our waiter was a nice guy and I didn't begrudge him too much, or the ktichen staff, especially when the chef/owner checked in on us a couple of times to see how we were doing. Unfortunately for the first time we didn't have much to tell her as we had yet to receive any food. I think they may have felt bad because they sent out an amazing array of desserts. Everyone loved the cream cheese frosting on the red velvet cupcake but I found the cake very dry and tough. People also loved their dessert which was basically a giant Reese's peanut butter cup. We took their orange cream cupcake to our next destination as a gift and the recipient was one happy lady. So, while in good conscience I can't give a place five stars when it takes forever for lunch, everyone else had received their food, and we were late to our next appointment because of it, but everything else was on par so I'm going to hope that it was a one-time fluke and give them the props that they deserve!
4	I'd keep going back just for the sweet potato chips and the patio dining.  It's a perfect place for lunch.  Two can share many of the menu items.  We loved the pear and gorgonzola flatbread.  The service and the orange blossom iced tea helped provide an upbeat atmosphere.  I'm eager to try some of the other flat breads, as well as the smoked trout beignets, the white bean chili and some of the salads.  Don't pass this up if you are in downtown Scottsdale.
5	The food at this restaurant is simply delightful in presentation, smells and taste. I went to this location as part of a UYE hosted by Deb L., went with my best Sara V and was looking forward to trying this place after reading the many five star accolades and reviews of this restaurant. I do not give out five stars often but if I was to base it on the atmosphere, and decoration of this restaurant, it would be five stars BUT five stars are for the food and the food is a five star delight. Sara V and I decided to share two apps and split an entree. We ordered the Petite Grilled Fromage (capicola, seahive cheddar, salad rouge) and the Proscuitto Wrapped Shrimp (blackberry glaze + spicy soy mustard), followed by a split order of the Thai BBQ Baby Back Ribs and Green Apple Slaw with jicama & watercress + smoked gouda mac-n-cheese. The petite fromage was delicious and the salad rouge had so many flavors with the avocado, and the golden raisins. It was a party of flavors with every chew and the melted cheddar enveloped the brioche bread just right, it was heaven. And the OMG moment came from the Proscuitto Wrapped Shrimp, served on a skewer, the blackberry glaze complemented the salad served with the shrimp, and the glaze provided the sweet with tangy of the spicy soy mustard, there were so many flavors to enjoy that it was a "as good as it gets" moment! Our entree was another winner with BBQ baby back ribs, the flavors derived from the the sauce was just delicious, it complemented well with the apple slaw. I think the disappointment with our entree was the smoked gouda mac-n-cheese because I hardly could taste the gouda, and panko bread crumb topping didn't help the dish or do justice, it was quite bland and out of place for a flavorful dish. Our party was treated to a dessert sweet board of goodies courtesy of the Herb box, on this confectionary tray was a red velvet cupcake, a fig apple bundt cake, a rootbeer cupcake, a passionfruit type cake and a chocolate type pastry. The Red velvet cupcake topping was yummy but the cupcake itself was moist somewhat but not throughout, the passionfruit had a good outer shell, but my favorite sweet treat was the fig apple cake, it reminded me of strudel. Overall, i enjoyed my UYE dinner, making new friends. And I did love the food made by Becky (the chef/owner). our appetizers and entree was delicious and I look forward to coming back for lunch/dinner and hopefully Sunday brunch.
5	First of all, many thanks to the awesome Deb L. and her fun-loving hubby Michael, for hosting tonight's UYE at this elegant restaurant!  (It's definitely "date night" material-- and not only for romantic couples; I spotted a father and daughter, dressed to the nines, and they looked like they were having a great time!)  Nine of us were in attendance, and I'd say that the dinner was a huge success!  This was my first visit, and while I had to leave shortly after the food came out, I felt sad leaving this very lively group-- it was great to have caught up w/ Deb, Mike, and Heather C., and so nice to have made new acquaintances!  I hadn't even left the building yet, and I already knew I was coming back!  (Heather, we're definitely doing breakfast SOON!)While waiting for other Yelpers to arrive, I'd inquired about whether HB only served wines, since that was the only drink menu that was presented to us, but no, our friendly and very helpful server Chelsea said that HB had a full bar, and that she would return to let us know what specialty cocktails they had to serve that evening.  Besides their house red sangria ($9?), HB was also offering a Blackberry mojito ($9) and a St. Germain elderflower margarita ($11).  While both sounded delicious, I decided to go w/ the mojito since I have a large bottle of the elderflower liquor ($32!) sitting in my fridge back home (I was inspired to buy after having some elderflower champagne flutes at Chandler's Cork!)  Oh. My. God!  If you like berries, you MUST try this mojito!  It was so full of muddled whole blackberries, you'd think it was puree, and it wasn't overly sweet-- I felt like I was having quite a nutritious beverage!  I hardly tasted the alcohol...  I very much wanted to order another one, but I knew I had to leave early.  I cannot wait to come back for happy hour!  :DBy the time everyone showed up and had a chance to make introductions and make really interesting chit-chat (again, Deb and Mike were great hosts!), we were ready to order and eat!  I kid you not, everyone's selections looked amazing!  I'm sure we'll be reading about their selections soon enough, so let me tell you about mine...I was curious about the gouda mac 'n cheese from the very moment I read about it on Deb's prior review, so I knew to order these.  How fortunate to see that the Thai BBQ baby back ribs came w/ a side of it, as well as a green apple slaw.  I concede that the mac 'n cheese was good, but I think it would've been better w/ more cheese and slightly more crunchy breadcrumbs.  The sour apple slaw provided a nice crunch and just enough sweet-sour to counteract the spiciness of the baby back ribs.  Ohhh... those tender ribs!  The BBQ sauce was thick, sticky, sweet, yet had a great kick!  (I didn't find it too spicy, but others might... you've been warned!)  It was very fortunate for Mom that I had to leave the party so soon, or else she would not have had the chance to try the leftovers; there wouldn't have been any to take home!  (And yes, she's already eaten the rest of the meal!)Afterwards, I stopped at the adjoining market to take home a slice of Chocolate-peanut butter banana bread cake ($5), a Strawberry-blackberry handpie ($5), and a goat cheese-chive potato cake ($3).  (So many of the others had a potato cake as a side to their entree, and I was so envious-- they looked great on the plates, and everyone said they were delicious, and I completely agree w/ them!)  Loved the potato cake's great textures- the caramelized outer crust had enough crunch, but quickly yielded to reveal the buttery potato delight, w/ goat cheese crumbles all-throughout inside-- not at all greasy, and I loved the rich and creamy consistency that the goat cheese gave to the potato cake!  I will have to buy some of these to take home on every visit from now on!  FYI, the desserts were perfect, as well!  The crust on the handpie tasted almost like shortbread, the sugared top of the crust was exquisitely crisped, and the fresh berry filling also incorporated a citrus-y element-- my guess is orange peel/bergarmot oil essence.  The banana bread cake was so moist, had beautiful texture (see pics),  not too sweet, and packed full of banana goodness... Loved the peanut butter layer under the chocolate ganache "icing" (no powdered sugar used in their icings here!).  The cake also had peanut butter drizzle all over the top.  It's a pretty cake, and I wouldn't hesitate to order a whole one to-go...  Hey, Heather-- you free this weekend??
4	Having gone to the now-closed location on Shea, I didn't expect to find myself at the new The Herb Box anytime soon.  My one visit was fine, but didn't leave me wanting more.  However, when Deb L hosted a recent UYE, it was the perfect opportunity for great company at the very least.  Well I'm happy to report I received even more than great company....great food, great service, and comfortable, yet beautiful surroundings were also on the plate.  I began the evening with a glass of their house-made sangria.  I could drink this light and fruity beverage all day.  In fact, I think it would make a fine substitute for my morning OJ.  I did have a hard time choosing an entree.  While I was tempted by the pear and gorgonzola flatbread, I chose the goat-cheese chicken instead.  The shoulder cut chicken was perfectly cooked, but the meat itself was perhaps a little bland, although admittedly I do prefer chicken to be well-seasoned.  The goat cheese stuffing and the fig jam, however, resulted in an overall quite tasty dish.  I loved the mushroom risotto cakes served alongside!!The Herb Box also graciously offered our table a variety of sweet treats at the end of the meal...a slice of fig bundt cake (my favorite), a couple different cupcakes, a whoopie pie, and a passionfruit cake.  While all were enjoyed, none of these wowed me.  I do think these may have been pastries available at the market, and not their dessert menu items.   So thanks to Deb for giving me a reason to try The Herb Box.  I'm sure I will be back again!  I didn't get a chance to browse the market!
4	Great location, great food, and nice ambiance.  The menu isn't huge, but this is a nice French cafe type setting if that's what you're into.
3	OK, I loved the Herb Box!  The location on Shea had the most wonderful Staff!  But this location?  Meh.  It would be SOOO easy for them to obtain five (5) stars if they gave a damn about the service.  They have great food for an acceptable price, and the atmosphere is absolutely divine.  But the service here sucks, and [looking over my shoulders] they have no excuse.
4	This is a great addition to the old town area for a delicious breakfast or lunch spot when you want really fresh food and a great patio.  I have enjoyed the amazing weather here the past two weekends and have had consistently delicious food and great service as well.  The sweet potato chips are awesome and the salads are very fresh and unique as well and I CAN'T WAIT to try the red velvet pancakes next time...YUM!
4	Not event the longer than average wait time to get my food could keep me from liking this place. To be fair, we had a very large group and we landed all at once and may have overwhelmed the kitchen a bit. Hopefully that's just a hiccup.What's to love? Well they had me at Herb Box. Several years ago I actually built a box out of redwood, filled it with soil, and grow herbs in it. So I was destined to eat here, and when we did eat I felt like they had plucked the herbs fresh from my own herb box in the backyard.The salads were enormous and so very pretty. Because I'm an idiot I went with the heaviest non-herbiest thing on the menu - enchiladas. Don't get me wrong, they were top-notch and I scarfed them up in no time, but next time I'd go with lighter fare and really explore some fresh flavors.Folks were ordering iced teas and lemonades left and right. Probably the perfect accompaniment to a flavorful salad or sammy. I loved the decor. Loved how open it was. I remember a bright, airy dining room and by contrast the dark, sexy restroom. Yes, I just called the restroom sexy. Go check it out and tell me it's not sexy.Sweet potato chips are a must-mention. They're not uber-heavy and have just enough seasoning to make you take notice.
5	Every single thing that I put in my mouth was sublime.No, seriously. Every single thing.Is that not all you need to know? I'd stop reading here and just *go* already.Still reading? Fine, it's my duty to back up such proclamations, isn't it.Specifics:First we have an *exquisite* lunch special. You won't hear me saying such things too often, as lunchtime for others is usually my breakfast time. When y'all are scarfing down soup and sandwiches, I'm on my second cup of coffee and a biscotti. But since the day I visited Herb Box it was, in fact, lunchtime, you can trust.The special I chose (there are several) was the soup/salad/sandwich special, which varies from day to day I believe. On this day it was a potato leek soup, a grilled sandwich with gorgonzola and vegetables and a salad of fresh greens, candied pecans and gorgonzola.My mouth dropped when it came out, for I expected a small offering of each, but received a large sandwich, a cup of soup and a generous salad.Vegetarian options? You bet. Several. I wanted to sample things, so I opted for the triple threat plate. Otherwise, if you're looking for something on the lighter side, you cannot go wrong with one of the bountiful salads.Speaking of healthy and light options, they have deep fried olives stuffed with bleu cheese. And amazing sweet potato chips (I'm not even a fan of sweet potatoes) Heh. Seriously, need I go on about the virtues of such things? Order a salad, splurge on an app. I do it all the time...But I didn't do it on the day I lunched at Herb Box. Come on, I couldn't! Remember, I don't lunch very often. I tend to treat my work trips as mini vacations, so all intentions of eating light are out the window. And, and...fried olives! I don't even think Rachel Zoe is going to pass up a fried olive.Herb Box boasts a glorious environs. You feel like you're sitting outside even when you're not. It made me forget, for a few moments, that it was January (perhaps I forgot until my plane landed in snow-ridden Kansas City). They've got the sophisticated, yet relaxed vibe going on, which I noticed is common in Scottsdale. I really love this.So, I think Herb Box wins as one of the best lunches I've had. Ever! If all places were like this, I'd so be on my way to becoming a Lady Who Lunches instead of a lady who coffees.
4	This place was great. The atmosphere is very open and airy and clean, the food came quickly and the service was friendly. We did get asked twice within a 2 minute period (right after we got our food) if the food was good, but one of the servers was training so it was probably just practice. I ordered the Coconut Shrimp Salad, which was wonderful except the Shrimp were way over cooked (almost burnt) and really not palatable. I would definitely give them another shot though because everything else was so good. My guy ordered a wrap and mowed through half of it there and the other half shortly after we left and had no complaints, I tried the wrap too and it was very tasty and crisp. There is an awesome little market extension to this place that is also definitely worth checking out, and save room after you eat if you do go, because like us, you will be VERY tempted to try one of the delicious treats inside! Unfortunately for us we didn't save room, so I guess we'll just have to go back again soon!
3	Will Yelp ever bring us the 1/2 star? I know everyone would use it. I had a 3.5 star experience.We (Jim W, our daughter Abby and I) joined fellow Yelpers Scott W, Heather and Ryan C and organizer Aileen B for a brunch UYE this morning. So the company was five star.I would give the atmosphere and service five stars as well. The place has a really open feel and the patio looked very inviting. The service was unobtrusive yet attentive. My water glass never ran empty.The place they lost me was the food. I ordered steak and eggs. The steak was delicious, albeit petite. The fingerling potatoes were fine, nothing to write home about. But the eggs were not cooked right. If you can't get my scrambled eggs right (I order them scrambled lightly) you're not going to wow me. Especially if you charge me $15 for a diminutive steak and smattering of overdone eggs. I thought all the offerings a tad pricey, which my family attributed to Scottsdale Waterfront real estate prices, but this was the first time I have ever been hungry between brunch and dinner.Would I go there again? Possibly. I doubt I'd go for brunch. But the raves over dinner make me curious. Maybe they could wow me the second time around.
5	Ok, so I rarely get to Old Town to eat.  RARELY.  I'm a CenPho grrrl.  But, when Chef Bec invites you out to try stuff, you go.  Pronto!!!!Sat at the bar, since it was a Friday and I guess that's where people sit.  Went with Kirti for happy hour & just to chill.  Not only was the service great (I rarely had to ask for a refill), but the chef even came out to introduce herself.  The place wasn't too crowded yet, which was good, because that's another reason for all the attention.  Had to keep the worker bees busy!  First thing we tried was the ribs appetizer.  They were falling off the bone and had an amazingly sticky-spicy-sweet sauce on them.  Also had the crab dip, which came with plantain chips.  I loooooooooove plantain chips.  Love.  The pork tacos?  OMG.  O. M. G.  I took a couple home as leftovers and my mouth watered all night, thinking about those tacos.For dessert, we had "crack pie."  I don't even know what was in it, but the crust was nutty, there was whipped cream, and it stuck to my teeth when I ate it.  And it was made from crack.  It HAD to be!!!!!!  The red velvet cupcake was also divine, but that crack pie...*sigh*Parking is a bitch in Old Town, but there is a garage right near The Herb Box.
4	I'm going 3.75 stars here.  I really like the decor.  It struck me as somewhere between Cape Cod beach house and something you might pick up in Arcadia for 1.5 million.The service was great.  I went with buckwheat pancakes for my brunch meal although I did get to sample several other meals as well.My buckwheat pancakes were hearty and delicious.  The red velvet pancakes I tried were great as well.  I also tried the salmon hash (good but not my thing..)I found the prices top be slightly high but I'm sure that any restaurant in this vicinity has to tack on a bit to cover the real estate.Thanks to Aileen B for setting this brunch up!
4	Like Audrey I would have liked to give this place a 3.5.  I rounded up for a few reasons, including for the company at the time.I like the layout of the place.  I loved the food.  I think it was a bit pricey, but that may be because I am used to getting stuffed, which I wasn't, for far less money.  While some may say the service was slow I would call it relaxed, nothing came quickly but there was no rush to get us out of there.  I think it is deliberate on their end to create a relaxed atmosphere, however turning tables slowly added to the high rent district they are in has a cost that has to be applied to the food.Speaking of the food; I had the salmon hash but also tried several other dishes.  My plate was delicious but I would certainly consider the Red Velvet pancakes as they were the true definition of desert for breakfast.  And they serve a decaf which tastes like real coffee!The true test of any review has to be whether I would return and/or recommend it to my friends.  Yes on both accounts but not often as, for me, it is priced as a special occasion place.
4	Love this place!  Well the food and vibe were great.  Service not so much.  I went here with some girlfriends for lunch during the week.  They have many great, fresh items on the menu.  My friend and I decided to split the Sunflower Salad and the Butternut Squash Corn Enchiladas.  Both dishes were divine!  Our server was very slow and we had to ask for our drinks to be refilled.  They also seemed to be promoting special happy hour items which sounded really good.  Despite the bad service, I will definitely be back.  The food is too good to pass up!
5	Went for brunch.  BLT is insane.  The simple good egg breakfast...excellent.  The coffee is worth the trip alone.  It's roasted in Cave Creek and is tasty.Lots of outdoor seats.Give it a shot.
4	I went here for brunch on Sunday.  The place was pretty busy but our party of 4 was seated promptly.I really really really like this place for breakfast.  Their food is excellent and unique.  All the breakfast selections I've had at their other 2 locations were all top notch and delicious.  However, I'm not really a fan of their brunch/lunch stuff.  Their bloody marys are just eh', and the food menu is just a mish mosh.  Nothing I tried was standout or memorable.Anyway, this new location is very nice and the decor is very open and airy.  The service is very good as well.  I will definitely come back but only for breakfast.
5	Went for brunch on Sunday with 5 people.   WOW!.  The butternut squash corn enchiladas with tomatillo sauce was one of the best Mexican dishes I have ever had... and I live in Mexico for most of the year!  This dish is also available for dinner and would be plenty of food (three enchildas plus a substantial salad.) Everyone else at our table ordered chilaquiles with pulled pork and all of them said their dishes were wonderful too.   Service was great... waiters often came by for coffee refills.  Street parking only.I can't wait to return.
4	I had a really good experience at this place.  Started with the chilled cilantro lime crab dip.  I wasn't sure about fried plantain dippers but they worked.  If you go here you have to get the Thai bbq baby back ribs.  They were awesome!  Next best thing I had was the mac & cheese and also the spinach & parsnip gratin - good stuff.  Ended with the guinness chocolate cake which was pretty good but next time I think I will go for the s'mores creme brulee.  All in all a good time and would recommend.
4	Very delicious and fresh food! I love the various menu items and what they have to offer. We came here for brunch with friends from out of town, and everyone at our table was more than satisfied! I love how this place supports local produce and farms. Yum!
5	Hands down this is my favorite place to go have a salad. Words cant exoress how much this restaurant means to me. The one at this location has an excellent wine selection. THE perfect place to wear your sunday best (old fashioned dress, white gloves, and a big white hat) and enjoy a consistently excellent meal in a beautiful atmosphere. Although dressing up isn't mandatory. It does not matter what you order it will be amazing. They have different foods on a more gourmet level without being straight up weird or over priced. Everything is delicious and healthy. Best of all the get their meats and vegetables from local farmers and it shows in the taste. The service is always outstanding. I have nothing bad to say about this place as I have never had a bad experience. They're like the Nordstrom of the restaurant business They have a customer for life.
3	We went to the Herb Box to eat lunch over the weekend after doing some par-oozing through old town.  This has been on our list of "must try places to dine" after reading so many fellow Yelper reviews.  It was an awesome start with a few drinks listening some fantastic live music on the patio!Restaurant ~ the patio is the place to eat if available, especially when they have entertainment.  It's a wrap around patio so there are different options to choose from.  The inside is very nice, somewhat of a north eastern coastal design with comfy chairs unless your stuck with one of the plain wooden chairs. (I know these plain chairs provide more balance to the decor but they are they are not comfy!)  Service ~ was very good, not exceptional but good.  They are very attentive to your drinks however they are not as attentive to your meal after it arrives.  Food ~ 5 stars for freshness!  Everything we ordered was extremely fresh from the salads to the veggies.   We order their Flat-bread with smoked BBQ chicken, bacon, Gouda cheese, organic greens, slice cherry tomato and onions.  It was very good.  The greens on top of the flat bread were tossed lightly in oil and were delish!  Everything on the flat bread was very good however it had too many cherry tomato halves, which were picked off half way through.  We also order the gilled Kobe Feta Burger with lots, and I mean lots! of arugula, grilled onion, with a little bit of red pepper aioli with a side of sweet potato chips.  After pulling off some of the arugula so I could see my succulent kobe beef patty we dug in!  This is a very tasty burger but the feta cheese and aioli were very sparse, almost non existent.  We had to ask for more aioli sauce twice.  The sweet potato chips were very delish and became very addictive to everyone at the table.  We should have ordered more...   We also ordered the smoked Gouda Mac and Cheese with bread crumbs.  This was a miss for us since it lacked the creamy cheesy goodness it should of had but rather it was all pasta with some light shavings of gouda cheese and bread crumbs.  It was very bland and we think there was more bread crumbs than cheese... The Herb Box seems like a very nice place to dine with friends and family, especially on their patio when they have some entertainment.  We plan to come back for more sweet potato chips and to try something else on their menu.  It is A-OK.
4	Looking for a place to impress your date? Well look no further because your date will be like putty in your hands after this snazzy joint. You will def get a "awww this place is cute" from your date, certain guys and all girls. I sat outside so while I enjoyed the outdoor band, my bf enjoyed the basketball game on the many flat screens. Everything was great. Our waiter was hilarious and didn't mind we changed our opinion on how we wanted our steak down 3 times. Rare to well done to finally, at his suggestion, medium. The chairs are comfy, the food is fresh, and even the bathroom is nice. Really, there were people talking about the interior design of the bathroom while I was waiting in line. I got the stuffed chicken with goat cheese and my date got an open faced kobe. The meat not the Laker. They were both delicious. He loved the kobe. Now if only he felt the same way about the Laker version.
4	Went for breakfast on a Saturday - loved the atmosphere out on the terrace.  Enjoyed a more healthy version of breakfast - my feta omelet was excellent.  Food came out very quickly and service was good, although our iced tea did run dry once, otherwise they would have gotten 5 stars!  We will go back for dinner to try that now and will also go for breakfast/lunch as well.   Will also take friends here when they are visiting and only do that with places we love.
3	Patio seating is lovely!
5	Awesome! Fresh, innovative food served in a lovely place. Anthony was my server and he was very good at providing some insight and guiding me through the menu--offering suggestions but not being pushy.Go now!
3	Maybe my expectations were too high? I'll start with the pros: comfortable atmosphere, cute decor reminiscent of summertime in a lovely cottage near the seashore (this is MY opinion), prompt service, extensive menu of options..I just thought the food was eh. Went here for breakfast on a rainy Saturday and ordered the simple good morning eggs. Although, from the title, I guess I should have known what I was getting myself into. However, the eggs came out cold and the cheese hardly melted on top. I could have sent it back but I hate being one of those people so I trudged though it. I was looking forward to a hearty meal but was left unsatisfied and still hungry. I don't expect to have to eat the toast to fill me up. If that were the case, I should have stayed home. One caveat, I also don't eat bacon. The coffee was nothing to write home about either. My boyfriend ordered the cinnamon buckwheat pancakes, which he enjoyed and was more than a decent portion size. I would return possibly for lunch or dinner and give this place another chance. The other menu options look awesome and if the taste follows suite, I will re-review. The market downstairs also looked really cute with to-go meals or quick bite on the run. I'll be back!
4	Oh, Herb Box... I have been dreaming about you.  Your yogurt parfait is so delectable, that I have visions of swimming in giant pools of your yogurt, rolling around in your homemade granola, and getting drizzled with your orange-blossom honey.  Hmmm. On second thought, that seems a bit sticky.  Perhaps I'd better just return for another weekend brunch.To be fair, the Herb Box was not our original destination.  We intended to go to another spot... and spied a never-ending line.  Who wants to wait for breakfast when they have a hungry 4-year-old in tow? Not me!  We ventured onwards, and stumbled upon the Herb Box.  No wait?!  On a Saturday morning at 10?  I was a little skeptical that there must be a reason for the slow morning, but hunger won out and we took our seats.  Our table ordered the amazing yogurt parfait, the BLT, and the cinnamon buckwheat pancakes.  Though they were out of their fresh squeezed oj (juicer malfunction?), they were thoughtful and grabbed a bottle of Naked juice from their market for us.  The BLT was something else... crispy pancetta, ricotta, fried egg, arugula, seriously delicious tomatoes, and a spicy aioli, all sandwiched between some of the freshest bread I've ever eaten.  It was just slightly toasted, and all kinds of delicious.  I love when restaurants take a generally boring sandwich and breathe new life into it.  Well done, Herb Box.  The outdoor patio is beautiful and perfect in this Spring weather, so make sure you venture over before it gets too hot out.
5	I remember this place when it was on shea and it was only open for lunch and they mostly did catering and had weird hours. I would always get the chicken arugula wrap and I could never get enough. Then it got popular and then it moved closer to me...I absolutely love their whole menu...I cannot get enough of this place. Let's start with breakfast...OMG the red velvet pancakes...can you say DELICIOUS and FABULOUS!!! i do not even like pancakes but these are amazing and they are so decadent...You also have to try the granola trifle it is great for something on the lighter end, but it is filling. The Market Street BLT is also a favorite I love the pancetta and that the sandwich is on a brioche makes it even better! The strawberry Lassi is nice and refreshing...another fabulous option is the Chilequiles the pulled pork is so tender and flavorful...yum yum yum...also try the Goat Cheese and Chive omelet!! I promise you will not be disappointed with this place for breakfast! They have brunch which combines breakfast and lunch/dinner menu items. Lunch/Dinner options OMG OMG OMG...starters are amazing try the sweet potato chips, the hummus, the prosciutto wrapped shrimp are a great starter...they are just amazing!! There are so many sandwiches to choose from because they are all great! I love the Grilled Chicken and Sage Pesto sandwich!!!!! I love the apple and with the pesto and goat cheese....great combo!!! The grilled petite fromage is fantastic as well...my son loves this sandwich and he is two! I love the coconut shrimp salad it is amazing!! Now the flatbreads are so fantastic you can get these for your meal or to share with the table. My favorites are all of them!!!!! I cannot just pick one! They are all phenomenal!  They all have great ingredients and how they make each one is just fantastic.  I cannot get enough!!!  Then there are the enchiladas...I do not even like butternut squash but these are great!  The pecans are awesome with it!!  The Kobe Burger and the short rib tacos are two other great entrees...The two last entrees that I love are the thai bbq ribs and the beef tenderloin!!  Now there are the sides that you could have as lunch or dinner too...there is the mac and cheese OMG talk about rich!!  The mushroom risotto cake they are great!!! I love it!!!My favortie  desserts are the chocolate cake...yum who doesnt love a great chocolate cake...but my all time favorite dessert here is the peach ice cream sandwich cookie....the caramel is amazing!!  I cannot say enough good things about this place.  I love this restaurant!  I wish I could go more often!
5	OoOoOoOh how I love the herb box & team :)The menu is packed with amazing healthy dishes that include; huge market salads a mixture of medium rare steak with watercress, avocado, bacon and sweet dried corn with a tangy blue cheese vinaigrette. There are shared plates, wraps, sandwiches, flat breads and The Herb Box's signature butternut squash corn enchiladas. Most meals can be ordered vegetarian or gluten free. One of my favorite sides is the to die for mac & cheese! It's a must! :)Also I recommend trying there new soup flavor each week! ($5cup | $7 bowl | $12 quart)Parking is free underground. Everything on the menu is amazing, so don't worry it looks intimidating but you wont be disappointed!
4	I went here for lunch the other day and was impressed. This place is expensive, and the menu and design look like this place was meant to cater to upscale scottsdale women who don't work and have the time and money to shop all day and eat at places like this. The clientle also reflected this. Given this fact, I assumed that the portions would be small, unfilling and overpriced. I was wrong. Everything was delicious even the sweet potato chips which I normally don't like. Good burgers, salads and tacos. I need to come back for the even pricier dinnner menu one time.
4	Very good food.  Was at a party that they catered and it was absolutely wonderful.  Great desserts, too.
4	Love the new digs! This is a MUST for dining in old town!Met a friend for a light lunch, and it was a delightful experience from beginning to end!We chose to sit on the patio, and glad we did because that wont be an option much longer heading into summer. Beautiful patio, lots of low slung chairs with comfy pillows, and plenty of umbrellas for shade.We had the chilled cilantro-lime crab dip and wow, just wow! It is paired with plantain chips, and per the recommendation of our server, we went half plantain chips, half sweet potato chips, we enjoyed every last bite! It was excellent. We also had a special of the day, flat bread with brussel sprouts, pancetta, and cheese, extremely flavorful. I would order the same lunch again over and over I enjoyed it that much.
4	A truly seasonal menu, I love it! The menu is so fresh and really utilizes what's in season at the time. The staff is very knowledgable, service is fast and very friendly. Their patio is a lovely place for a light dinner or a later snack and drink.I think the prices are awesome and the portions are ample. Order the crunchy green potato side dish, seriously. It is amazing! I had to force myself to only eat half to save some for my husband. And smoked trout beignets? So good. Especially served with cornichons.Enjoy a glass of wine or champagne and dine on some truly fresh, unique dishes. I will be back.
4	As a vegetarian I am always looking for good restaurants that can accommodate my dietary restrictions with style and the Herb Box did just that. They have a great patio that overlooks the canal and I will definitely keep this restaurant in my rotation.
4	Nom nom nom. In my belly. More Risotto Cakes please!I'm very happy to have an Herb Box closer to my casa. I was delighted with my first visit to DC Ranch, but the drive is less and less likely to happen at $4 a guzzle. The Southbridge location did not disappoint. Our table on the patio facing the Waterfront was relaxing, beautiful, and perfect for a quiet Monday evening out. The interior was impressive and the bathrooms! A thorough review of the bathroom facilities is always an important part of my dining experience - these banos are sahweet! Our server was one of the best I've ever had, and I come from a serving background. Very good knowledge and description of the food, perfect timing of table visits and a stellar attitude towards our preference for a snail paced meal.The best part - those damn risotto cakes that I'm now dreaming about. We tried the pear and gorg pizza as well which was scrumptious and the market salad was so-so. I cannot wait to continue my way down the list of fresh and delicious items on the menu. Lovely, lovely place.
5	Raves all around - LOVE the decor and ambiance - who designed this place?  It's perfect!  Had breakfast - AWESOME Cinnamon Buckwheat Pancakes served with the best bacon!  My partner had a Strawberry Lasi and I had a mango lemonade - both delicious!  Our server was Sadie - a true delight - ask for her!  We can't wait to go back for lunch and dinner and of course breakfast again!!!
4	Herb Box has a new dish called "Vegan Nosh" and I definitely recommend it.  Very fresh and very tasty. Our service today was extremely slow even though the restaurant was not too busy.  This will not dissuade me from returning, but it did reduce the tip.  No apologies for being slow, nothing.  This is not the service I usually receive from this establishment.
4	Not a fan of sweet potatoes but I loved the chips.
4	I was very pleasantly surprised.  Top notch food.  VERY well constructed.Nice patio and a sophisticated modern bar and cuisine.
5	Just had lunch at the Herb Box. I had the urban steak salad. I have never had a more tender steak. It was perfection. The atmosphere is lovely, pleasant, calm. The service was excellent. I will be back for sure.
5	Me and the manfriend came to Scottsdale to visit a friend.  We all came here for Sunday brunch.  Long story short: LOVED IT.   The casual chic decor was lovely, causal chic with a sophisticated and nautical flair. The drinks were tasty (and strong), after 1 mimosa I was gooooood. And the food: WOW, let's just say I wish The Herb Box would open up out here in Los Angeles!  I ordered the crispy falafel balls as an appetizer and the urban market salad as my entree.  Both were delicious.Not sure when I'll be going back to Scottsdale, but eating here will be on my to-do list.
4	I'm not ordinarily a pancake person. Actually, I guess I'm not an ORDINARY pancake person. They gotta be special to get my attention (a la Orange Table's jalapeno pecan pancakes). It's true what they say about the red velvet pancakes here! DELICIOUS! Not too sweet, even though they're chocolate. (Quick tip: order a kid's portion) The breakfast sandwich could easily serve 2, if not 4! Enjoying a cheese plate at happy hour is a great way to spend an afternoon. Service is spotty. Food and ambiance are not.
5	I get to Scottsdale a couple of times a year, so I've been lucky enough to hit the Herb Box a couple of times since it opened in downtown Scottsdale. My first visit was for brunch..I had the famous red velvet pancakes. Oh laaarwd...honey. Those pancakes are a religious experience. I don't remember what else we ordered because the pancakes were stupid-good. As if it wasn't enough, I had a couple of mimosas too. I'd say it was um....better than...most breakfasts I've had. The second time was a laaazy lunch with a girlfriend. We each has a flatbread she Brussel sprout and pancetta on the recommendation of our server,  I had pear and gorgonzola. Let me begin by saying that pear and gorgonzola is one of my favorite flavor combinations..and brussel sprouts, decidedly not. BUT, here, the sprouts are grilled and that pancetta is that salty goodness. OHHHHHHHH-MY. That flatbreat blew my pear and gorgonzola out of the water. We also had a couple of drinks off their drink menu, I had a cucumber water-mint number with vodka that was perfectly refreshing for a summer day in Scottsdale. My girlfriend had a raspberry mojioto (if I remember correctly) and it was pretty fabulous as well. Don't tell anyone..but we didn't stop at one. Out server was a pro. She has us at "go". She was funny and attentive and patient with our endless requests for more water and limes. I can not NOT for the life of me remember her..but she was fantastic and a pro.If you go, get those red velvet pancakes..and listen when your server makes a recommendation..they know their stuff there.
4	Wow, after my third visit to the Herb Box for lunch today, this one is really teetering between 4 and 5 stars.  I love, love, love this place for lunch (which coincidentally is the only time I've been here, but I suspect that if I went for dinner, brunch, or happy hour, I might love it too as the menu appears to be largely the same.)  I've now tried the Grow Happy salad, the Vegan Nosh, and the Butternut Enchiladas, and all were really delicious, but the Vegan Nosh and Butternut Enchiladas are what I would call...special...above and beyond your usual lunch fare.  Vegan Nosh also has the presentation going for it with 4 different salads in 4 bowls on a wooden slab.  When I order it, people have a tendency to go "wow, that's a lot of food" and yeah, it is, but it's probably the same amount of food as a large salad (and twice as delicious).  This is not the cheapest place, but it is pretty, the food is pretty, and the food is delicious.  It's in my rotation for sure.
4	I visited The Herb Box for lunch several weeks ago and thoroughly enjoyed the Coconut Shrimp Salad.  A friend mentioned that if I liked the lunch I would surely love their breakfast.  Don't have to tell me twice!  I suggested The Herb Box for brunch with my gal pals the very next week.  Unfortunately, I was a little let down.  Its not that the food was bad by any means... it just wasn't anything special.  I had the Goat Cheese and Chive Omelet.  I was disappointed by the tiny sprinkling of goat cheese over the top of my largely flavorless omelet.  My gut said "Red velvet pancakes!  Get the red velvet pancakes!" -- clearly I should have trusted my instincts.  I will admit that I am moderately at fault here, because apparently Sunday brunch (not Saturday breakfast) is where its at.  I am still giving The Herb Box a well deserved four star rating for my good lunch experience and because I am hopeful that Sunday brunch and maybe some red velvet pancakes will make me forget all about my lackluster omelet.
5	The Herb Box has fabulously amazing food! The menu offers a nice variety of affordable gourmet foods. A lot of the fresh ingredients are purchased locally which makes it even more appealing. The specialty cocktails are equally creative and inviting. The cheese boards are customized so that I can choose what I want depending on my mood or cocktail! I have eaten there many times now and love the way the chef adds new soup flavors and dishes to fit the season. It keeps things fresh and interesting! The desserts are equally delicious and always fresh! The atmosphere is very upbeat. The decor is a chic mishmash that works so well! My favorite decoration is the moose wearing a tutu sitting on a swing! The patio is relaxing and offers different views depending on where you sit. The service has always been very good. The servers seem to know the menu very well and have always been able to answer any questions I have had from ingredients to flavors and spices used in the dish! I LOVE The Herb Box and recommend it to ANYONE. It's a shame they don't really advertise much because most people I know don't even know it exists. I live in Chandler and make the drive a lot! mmm good food!http://spoonfulpersuasion.blogspot.com/
5	I've been to the Herb Box a few times for lunch but this was the first time I've gone here for dinner. A friend of mine invited a group to come out for her husband's 40th B-day and it was a great experience. I look for both exceptional service and good food and this place met both criteria.We had ordered wine for the dinner and the waiter noted they change their wine list on a regular basis. We had a bottle of the riesling, which was $35 and it was from the Mosel region in Germany, one of my favorite places, and literally, one of the best I've tried, delicious. I believe the bottle of red was a Merlot and it was also exceptional, super tasty. i also had, earlier at the bar, a glass of the Prosecco and it was perfect4 for the summer, light, sparkling, and a great way to start a meal and, because I'm a bit of a lush, I also tried a cocktail, some sort of mint julip made with rainwater vodka and cucumber juice, and loads of fresh mint. Even at $9 it was worth and the Prosecco I had on happy hour and it was only $5 - basically, the prices a re reasonable and well selected. A big shout out to Rico who was a great bartender and even laughed at my majorly lame Rico Suave joke.Once at the table, the waiter was great. One of those people who keeps things on track and was helpful without coming to the table and asking how we liked the food every five minutes. My water glass was always full and the food was to the table in a timely manner, and the food, oh my god! I ordered the flash fried edemame with sea salt and have to say, good. Though they may want to look at the edemame with sea salt and truffle oil like they serve at the mint, it would go well here as well.For dinner I had the vegan option, which is a number of vegetable dishes and they were all...amazing! The herb hummus came with cucumber slices and I loved the chickpea salad and the best part, the roasted beats with grapefruit, so amazingly good. I even tried some of a friends flank steak and it was quite tasty. Oh, and they had a live blue grass band playing, which was wonderful. I ended up tipping them like $20 I liked them so much (and yes, that also meant I had a few drinks in me).  Bottom line though, one of the best dining experiences I've had in Scottsdale.Only recommendation, expand the bar out, it feels rather small for the size of the place but I think they have the space they have so such is life. I rarely give out six starts so check this place out. I'm probably going to go back tomorrow and have brunch, which runs from 8 am to 11 am - looks like they have some great breakfast food and I can't wait to try it!
2	What a great menu.  I love Herb Box' menu, and haven't eaten a bad thing there.  I just can't bring myself to go back, though.  The Stetson location is so poorly designed.  The entrance is hard to find, the greeter station is a huge dangerous bottleneck screaming for a patron to server pile-up, and I don't think they incorporated anything in the decor to absorb noise.  The place is so noisy our server couldn't hear us.  The live music was a nice thought, but ended up just adding to the insanity.  Too bad, because I loved my food and the service seemed very good once she heard us correctly.  I'll rush back if I hear they've redecorated.  In the meantime, there are just too many places in the neighborhood with good food, good flow and good acoustics.
3	I will start out with saying I love love love their food. Absolutely fantastic. But the 3 stars come from their lack of service. I've been to the Herb Box 3 times for lunch. I eat out for lunch almost every day of the week, either with vendors, my co-workers, or clients. Places open for lunch need to be on top of their game for the professional crowd, and the Herb Box falls short. There were times I would look around the restaurant and would not see a waiter for a good 10 minutes. If you head there for lunch, expect a minimum of 2 hours. Granted, a very delicious 2 hours, but none the less, 2 hours of unbillable time.If you do have 2 hours to spare for lunch or you head out for dinner (I cannot speak of their dinner service), I highly recommend their burger with the brie cheese and green apple/jicama relish. To die for.
4	My mom and I decided we wanted to eat somewhere healthy after taking a grueling gym class...only made sense. She had heard that this place only used "Farm Fresh" food, so I checked Yelp. Sure enough almost everyone seemed to like the quality. The inside is cute in my opinion- cute booths, couch chairs, bike art, a bar, and outdoor seating. The servers were super friendly and helpful, but I must admit they took forever to serve us our food. It's definitely the kind of place that you need to order drinks first to better deal with the long waiting period. The food definitely deserved a full 5 stars (but the wait knocked my review down to 4.5).  After many Yelpers raved about the Butternut Squash and Corn Enchiladas, I decided to order that. OMG sooo good! I'm honestly going to say that it was one of the best dinner dishes I've ordered in a while. It also came with a large portion of salad that had a tasty vinaigrette on it. The green sauce on the enchilada was especially good, but there was some super spicy element I couldn't quite put my finger on. Oh well, a little burn is good once in awhile right? We also ordered the Smoked Trout Beignets with at Red Pepper Aioli, which were amazing. I wish it came with about 10 more on the plate haha. My mom wasn't very hungry and just ordered the Balsamic Tangerine Beets (which were super good), and the Chickpeas w/ Red Quinoa. Next time I get a chance to come here, I want to indulge in their tapas style cheese menu and order some of their delicious looking cocktails...and sit outside if it's not 108 degrees? All in all, a winner in my book!
1	I was really, really looking forward to Sunday brunch at the Herb Box, as I have heard rave reviews! I have also walked past it many times on the waterfront, and have enjoyed the live music I've heard, as well the chic look of the place. I'm a definite foodie, and the menu looked great, so I was stoked to try it!  Well, I'm not sure if the restaurant was having an "off" day or what, but our experience at the Herb Box today was terrible, from beginning to end. :-(Maybe it's all part of some restaurant "rudeness" kitsch that I am unaware of, but I really hate to say that the service was pretty awful--the hostesses were snobby and unfriendly, and the wait staff was very inattentive. I accidentally spilled a glass of ice water on my lap as our server handed it to me, and he just left the table without a word, and without offering or bringing back any napkins. Lucky for us it was 90 degrees out and it all dried fast! :-) And then the food. Ugh. Really disappointing, especially for the price. I ordered a strawberry lassie to drink with a Market BLT, based on Yelp recommendations.  The lassie was literally curdled and undrinkable, and the BLT had absolutely no bacon/pancetta on it. My husband ordered the Smoked Salmon Hash, which promised an impressive array of fresh ingredients and flavors, but in actuality looked and tasted like canned fish mixed with fried potato chunks. Awful, awful.I don't like to complain about food while sitting at a table, and I never send anything back. In this case, I really wish I had been able to, but we only saw our server twice--once when he took our order and again when he brought the check. He did not deliver our food and no one ever refilled our drinks. At that point, we just wanted to get out of there, so after 90 minutes of being basically ignored by the wait staff, we left with empty stomachs, out $50.00. Total waste, will probably never return. Bummer! :-(
4	Amazing food, service, and music.  The red velvet pancakes are a must try.  Our waiter was helpful with picking out foods to try.  There were lots of vegetarian options as well.
4	I went here last weekend for breakfast and it was such a great experience. I had been to the Herb Box up north in DC Ranch but this was my first time at the new location in Old Town. The ambiance was amazing, the waiter was very professional and friendly, and the food was amazing. I got the special $25 for unlimited mimosas (delicious), an entree, and a delicious appetizer. I got the red velvet pancakes, which I HIGHLY recommend. I will definitely be back!
3	There are two types of people; those who can get past lackluster service, and those who can't. 5-stars for those who can, and 1-star for those who can't. I must appease the average, and therefore award 3 stars.This last weekend I visited The Herb Box for the first time and truly enjoyed the food. I sampled a few different items off of the menu (stole bites from friends) and was impressed with almost everything. My personal favorite was the Brussel Sprout flatbread I had. Very unique and extremely savory. Nobody had any real complaints about the food quality/quantity/taste at our table of 12. Compliments to the chef.I don't need to bash the service, as there are already plenty of 1-star reviews that take care of that, and I agree with most of them. Quote of the night (40 minutes after we ordered and still hadn't seen food yet)...Friend: "Excuse me sir, can we place our order"Waiter: "You already have ordered"Friend: "Oh, that was so long ago, I forgot"I genuinely enjoyed the food, and am thankful I had a group of friends with me that helped occupy the time while we waited. I may be back, but I won't expect City Hall attentiveness.
4	First let me address the decor. Everyone seems to love it, but I felt like I was eating inside of a Crate and Barrel store. One of the people with me said he felt like he was in a renovated Red Lobster. I do have to say the bathroom had some of the best lighting I've ever seen.FOOD: All of us ordered the red velvet pancakes after seeing them reviewed on Chow Bella. I'm not really a pancake person, but I wanted to try it since it was something I had never had. They were truly great. Very rich, but very good. The Gran Marnier syrup was my favorite part. I had to ask for more. The bacon was tasty and crisp. I ordered a side of poached eggs. They were just a tad shy of done, too much of a runny white for my taste. And I should have ordered some toast or something to sop up the yolk with. DRINKS: For their Sunday brunch, you can get any entree and bottomless mimosas, bloody marys, or screwdrivers for $24. The most expensive entree is $15 and the drinks stand-alone are $5, so you would need to have at least 3 drinks to make this a worthwhile "deal", but it is brunch. Booze it up.SERVICE: Spotty. It wasn't really very busy and it was difficult to get the attention of the waitress. We asked for separate checks (I know, scandalous in Scottsdale) but were told that would be no problem. Then the check came as a group. No biggie.Would definitely go back, but will get the steak and eggs next time.
5	I adore this restaurant.The service is excellent. The food is perfection. I've had the Butternut Squash Enchiladas and the Corn and Goat Cheese Flatbread - both are awesome. I also love the Urban Market Salad and I tweak it a bit - I swap the blue cheese vinaigrette for the dressing that comes on the Fiesta salad that accompanies the enchiladas and ask for no blue cheese crumbles. Worth your time, worth the money.
4	I have not yet had the pleasure of dining at the restaurant but I have stopped by the little market (south side, entrance facing the street not the bridge) for grab-and-go lunch. There are a few small bistro tables but it is just too hot right now to sit and hang out. The food is really amazing. Great sandwiches and salads. They also have a quiche of the day. But the really cool part is that a lot of the side dishes from their menu are available for purchase by the pound deli-style. I have tried the roasted sweet potatoes and the balsalmic beets. Both were really amazing! And I mean that a-ma-zing! I can't believe that I can get a gourmet, healthy and filling lunch with a fresh brewed iced tea for around $10. This is really a great lunch option. The people working the counter are very friendly and you can tell that they take pride in their work. They also offer samples of the plethora of baked goods they have available. There is also a little section of the market that has some wines, sauces, and olive oils for sale. All of that makes for fun browsing while you wait.
5	This place was pretty awesome and I'm glad we found it. Not only is it in a wonderful location (for Phoenix) next to the canal in Scottsdale, but the food is really good too. My fiance and I ordered a lot of food without realizing how much food we actually order so I was great for left overs the next day.We ordered the pear and gorgonzola flat bread, the crab dip, trout beignets, corn enchiladas, glazed salmon, and the side order of smoked gouda mac n' cheese...all for about $80. So between 2 people and multiple extra servings to take home, it was well worth it. The portions are great and not claim jumper large, the quality is great and the service was awesome as well. The to-go containers were separated and labeled so the hash that came with the salmon was in a separate container and the salad that came with the enchiladas were done in the same manner as well.I will definitely come back to try more food, but this time we are going to try to not order as much so we have room to try and judge the desserts.
1	The first time I went we had a big group and plenty of conversation so we didn't really mind the slow service.  The flat breads were all great as were the tacos.  The pulled pork sliders were a little weak, but the food was very good overall.  The second time the horrible service reared its ugly head.  My girlfriend and I sat down and just under 20 minutes went by and no waiter came to see us.  The one guy I saw was absurdly overworked.  The poor kid seemed to have 10 tables and was bussing his own tables as well.  When we left the manager seemed genuinely apologetic and tried to offer us an appetizer.  I just can't give my business to a place like this when there are plenty of restaurants in the city that are hustling to earn our business.  I like the food, but the atrociously slow service is too much to bear.
5	I love The Herb Box.  I"ve been to both locations and the food is just terrific!    I brought my co-workers here before heading to a meeting.  They could not thank me enough about this place!   We did not encounter some of the slow service with other Yelp reviews but it was a Tuesday.  Lots of customers but the flow was manageable.
5	As most of you know, I eat at the Herb Box a lot! I can't say enought about how good the food is...I have been served by probably every employee but my Fav is a guy named Eric. I have had bariatric surgery and can't eat most starchy carbs. I have told Eric this. He and the kitchen staff adjust things so I can eat different dishes. Anyone who has had surgery knows just HOW wonderful this is! This week, I wanted to try the hummus appetizer but it comes with pita. Eric had the kitchen cut up all kinds of beautiful veggies in place of the pita. It was soooo good. He has made other changes for me too! I now request only him. I want to thank the Kitchen and Eric for making my dining experience so special! Most places refuse to substitute or charge you an arm and a leg! Well my friends, not at The Herb Box. Go and see Eric and eat their amazing food. I am sure it is made with LOVE!!!http://spoonfulpersuasion.blogspot.com/
4	Great spot to impress your friends and your tastebuds.
3	The Red velvet pancakes are fantastic. My friend got those and I took a few bites and it was definitely the best part of the meal. As far as Sunday Brunch goes, it was pretty good. I got an omelet which was served with a side of tomatoes. I honestly thought the omelet was a little bland and could have used some more flavor but it wasn't bad. Also, the lemonade I had could have used a little more flavor. On top of that, I thought the place was a little pricy for what I got. Definitely not a bad place and I'd be willing to try it again. Service was fine and like I said, those pancakes are amazing. I would probably try something else though next time.
4	It's a very difficult task to stand out along the crowded waterfront. The few times I've been have been great but not quite great enough to take time away from its neighbors.   The concept is there and I will continue to patronize it in search of a fifth star and some more fingerling potatoes.
5	I stumbled into this place while waiting for another local restaurant to open for breakfast.  Me and a friend sat at the bar for a quick mimosa and bloody mary.  The bartender was trying to get us to stay but after one look at the menu we promised we would be back the next weekend!I think I have found my new favorite brunch location.  Their Sunday Brunch special is the best in town.  An entree, a little crustini, and all the bloody marys/mimosas you can drink....great deal!!!  RED VELVET PANCAKES....Amazing!  These were the best pancakes I've had in a long time.  These cakes are topped with marscarpone creme and a side of bacon is a great breakfast combo!  A friend tried the Chilequiles.  This is the prefect combination of shredded pork, eggs, and chili....yum!  The Breakfast Steak and Eggs were another great treat.  The fingerling potatoes were a great side.  I highly recommend a Sunday stop at the Herb Box.  Its a great local place on the Waterfront and be a great place for Sunday Funday!
4	Such a beautiful location!! Created our own cheese and meat board..,. Made for a great evening sitting outside enjoying the company of friends.., definitely will be back!
5	Great addition to old town dining. Great brunch, lunch, and dinner. Their patio is very nice, as it is at the waterfront. Selection for brunch is small, but spanning. Sandwiches for lunch are eclectic and delicious.
5	AMAZING.. AMAZING.. AMAZING.. Great location, great atmosphere., great food, good service.. dessert I could have pased on, but other than that I had fantastic experience... I have a friend coming in town at the end of the month, cant wait to bring her!  LOVE THE BATHROOM (scottsdale location)..
3	A three and half stars review really.  The down sides?  Well I get really peeved that there isn't some bread or nibbles on the table. I know we are embracing good health and fresh produce, but a little bread couldn't hurt right?The ambiance is very relaxing, bright and airy.  Reminds me a lot of the decor at Wildflower (The Fox restaurant only in Tucson that makes me sad because its only in Tucson).The menu is varied, you can bring carnivores and folks who think salad are wimps. I do think that the price is about $2.00 over priced for everything.  An appetizer (the only so-so tasty blue cheese stuffed olived that were fried came out to $1.00 per olive which seemed excessive), two entrees (street tacos and a flat bread) with a dessert came out to $50.00 which is expensive in my book for lunch even in Scottsdale.The upside is the dessert really is really tasty.  Had the passionfruit cream filled donuts with a side of coconut sorbet that was out of this world.  The entrees included street tacos which were messy to eat, flavorfull but dare I say "too juicy?!"  The flat bread consisted of argula, goat cheese and corn which was a great combination.  All in all, solid but I'd only go back if I was expensing it.  It seems a bit pushy to charge that much for food that is good but doesn't taste too much more decadent than what you can get at Tru  Foods.  (Save the dessert of course!)Oh maybe we are paying for the location, the decor and the really really pretty bathrooms.  Some of the best I've seen in a long time.  Even better than the bathrooms at Modern Steak!
5	Fantastic place for lunch - The food here is ultra-fresh (a lot of it is local too). The menu is fun and original. I LOVED the fried edamame (rice oil). The turkey wrap had a pile of fresh roasted turkey which was tender and juicy.
4	Great little catering place that also has a small restaurant. Worth the trip and priced fairly!! Good Time
5	I've been meaning to try this place for months and I'm so glad that the temperature has finally dropped to less than 100 degrees so I could take advantage of the outdoor patio for lunch! The service was kind of slow..not sure if it was on purpose so I won't knock any stars off for that cause the food was delicious! Got the chicken, goat cheese, bacon, apple, pesto foccacia and would def recommend it. Everything tasted really fresh! A perfect lunch spot :)
4	Beautiful space on the Waterfront!  Good service and delicious red velvet pancakes with grand marnier syrup - yum, yum, yum!
4	Stopped here for breakfast on a Sunday morning ... had the red velvet pancakes and they were quite amazing.  Highly recommended.  My wife had an omelet which she described as "pretty good".  Great service, nice ambiance, clean, well lit.
4	Love the food here. I've been to two of the locations, the one in North Scottsdale for lunch, and the one in Old Town Scottsdale for dinner.  Impressed with both.  The food is outstanding (especially the gouda macaroni and cheese!) and the servers are friendly.  The atmosphere for dinner at the location in Old Town is great.  My only complaint is that during our last meal, our server forgot about our appetizer, but was very apologetic and helpful nonetheless.  Sometimes you end up waiting a little longer than you'd want to get your food, but thats how it is at any restaurant, and once your food arrives, it is well worth it anyways.  Very impressed, and will be sure to come back soon!Try: The open faced Kobe Burger (if available)        The Gouda Mac N Cheese!        The Ribs!         The Apple-slaw
5	Herb Box tops my list for one of my favorite locations for lunchtime or dinnertime dining, but just recently I experienced Sunday brunch here for the first time. This is definitely a reasonably priced Sunday brunch option. In fact, it's the same price as it is any other time during the week, but on Sunday, in addition to several lunch items, they also offer breakfast options such as Cinnamon pancakes, Market BLTs, breakfast flat breads, goat cheese omelets. While sitting out on the patio and enjoying the breezy late morning environment (they open at 11 on Sundays), I enjoyed the Market BLT which was a fried egg topped with pancetta, ricotta and served on brioche. I only ate about half of the bread it was served on because it was such a large portion, but the meal was pretty good. I would have liked it to come with some fruit but I'll know to ask for that next time. I noticed a dog sitting on the patio, which made me wonder if they have a dog friendly patio. I will look into this and report back because I know a certain cockapoo in my life named Harley who would have enjoyed this morning meal as well!
4	Great healthy food and very friendly/helpful staff at the downstairs market.  I highly recommend the market sunflower salad!
5	The Herb Box did not close....they just moved.  Two locations - DC Ranch and near Camelback & Scottsdale Rd.
4	This spot is great, good food, great surroundings.....  Cool to chill with friend on the patio!!!  Our server was Eric....   Request this brotha! Excellent server.....  Check this place out!
1	I came here for a pre dinner drink before going to FnB.  My date and I went in and went straight to the bar.  I'm not going to bitch because I wasn't greeted by anyone, I could care less.  We sat at the bar, and sat, and sat.  Numerous servers walked by with no type of acknowledgment or to even maybe get the bartender.   The bartender finally came and showed no interest in serving us.  After enjoying our drinks I asked to close out my tab.  That took 20 minutes.  It was only my company and myself and two other patrons at the bar.  I gave my card as soon as he brought the check.  It actually took so long that I left my friend at the bar to sign my name so I could run down and go to FnB so they didn't think I was bailing on my reservation.   Now I'm not being overly sensitive, I'm just pointing out that this was piss poor service and exactly opposite of how the hospitality business should be run.  Based on my experience on just trying to get a drink, I have no desire to actually come here and try the food.
5	Ive heard about it by a couple close friends and decided to check it out with a date. Beautiful patio on the canal/waterfront. American/southwest food influences. I had the short rib tacos and they were great.  Savory with a spicy black bean salsa mix.  We sat at the bar for the sunday brunch and, too our delight, endless mimossas and bloody marys for a mere $24 which includes any thing off the menu!   Bartenders John and Jason were attentive (my mimosa never went empty while I was drinking), energetic and funny.  Definately a regular sunday stomping grounds for the future!
5	Perfect light meal, accommodating to carnivores and veggies.  Excellent service on the patio - great place to dine 8 months a year.  Really nothing you can say wrong about the place.  Dessert menu looked incredible, perhaps a touch pricey.  4 visits here - all of great value and similar service.
5	Glad I stopped in today for lunch. Herb Box has been on my bucket list forever and I've read nothing but good things about the red velvet pancakes here. Wasn't going to stop in since it was lunch time but decided to see what else they have to offer. I sat at the bar and had very good, prompt service. I asked the bartender to order me his favorite lunch menu item so I got the brown sugar pulled pork ciabatta. Great choice! Very great presentation, big portion, and had a very unique blend of ingredients. I like a chef that can think outside the box and bring nontraditional items together in a subtle way. Sweet potato chips were some of the best chips I've had. Great bargain and value for $12....I will be definitely be back to experiment with the rest of their menu!
5	We love this place ..the short rib tacos are really yummy and half price during happy hour. I also have started eating Brussels sprouts here super tasty try them they will convert you..We have sat at the bar both visits. Jason and Rico have both been great! I love how you can sit outside and yet be at the bar at the same time..This is my new fav spot.. And if you need treats to take home the market place is great!!
5	I drove by 2 breakfast joints on Scottsdale Rd on Sat. am and the wait was 25mins.  Then it dawned on me that The Herb Box was in Old Town.  YEAH!  We walked right in, we were seated.  What a great place, cozy and great patio and the food was great, as always!
4	I can't wait to come here again!  Perfect place for a weekend brunch.I had a mango mimosa (a little too sweet, but still good) and the honey buckwheat pancakes.  These were perfect!  And the bacon it came with was delish as well.All of their other dishes sounded amazing too, so I will be back to try more soon!The only downside was the server.  He was a bit rude but maybe it was just a rough day for him.
5	Sit at the bar - ask for Brooks(what a great bartender) - order any of the great cocktails or ask what the have for liquor (some amazing Bourbons!)  Then, order the brussel sprout/pancetta flatbread with the thai bbq ribs (which comes with a side of gouda mac n' cheese), and you're in heaven!  Loved it.  Been twice, and will definitely be going back.
5	We went for the first time and LOVED it. Both the service & food were top notch. Lots of great vegetarian & gluten free options, everything was very well priced, a bunch of affordable options on the wine list, and the cocktails were creative and delicious.We had & loved:* Smoked Gouda Mac n Cheese* Urban Market Salad (no bacon)* Butternut Squash Enchiladas (Awesome! huge plate!)* Pear and Gorgonzola Flatbread (delicious)* Basil ice cream (mind blowing)We'll definitely be back. The food is awesome and it's very affordable, especially for the area. Thanks to the Herb Box!
5	The Herb Box is now officially my favorite place for brunch/lunch.  The service is great, everyone from the hostess to the waiter to the busser who filled my water was friendly and helpful.  The food is fresh and delicious.  I had the Market Street BLT which has egg, prosciutto, arugala, tomato and ricotta on brioche.  It was amazing!  My friend ordered the Cinnamon Buckwheat pancakes with honey butter and they were really good too.  Can't wait to come back and try something else!
5	Great breakfast and outstanding service.   Had the BLT and the chiliquitos.   Great fresh ingredients (avocado, green chiles)
4	Good for an easy and leisurely business lunch or outing with the girls.  The market downstairs is great for takeout and a great selection of bakery treats.
5	Once again....now a visit for happy hour.  Great prices and the food was delicious and generous quantities.  They have a wonderful patio with pleasant music and a fountain, and live greenery, so nice to sit in a patio that doesn't look at cars....and they have heaters too! .....I love this place.
1	The food is actually quite good however a restaurant is only as good as it's service and the service stinks. Our server did nothing more than waltz around the room and seemed to ignore not only our table but everything around him... Strange but true.
5	Great food, comfortable atmosphere.  Been back several times...the Vegan Nosh and veggie tacos are awesome.  Their number one dish is the Butternut Squash Enchilada...very good , but a little dry.  And, the specialty drinks are yummy--try the elderberry margherita.  The setting (at Southbridge in Old Town Scottsdale) is trendy, yet casual...the service is always fantastic.  (p.s.  The menu offers a variety of gluten free dishes).
5	It's official ... I love The Herb Box. Been here for lunch, been here for brunch, you can't go wrong.  There are still quite a few things on their menu I want to try... Blue cheese stuffed Queen Creek olives? Yes please!  Their smoked gouda mac n cheese is super tasty and I'm not even a mac n cheese fan.  Those crispy fingerling potatoes are to die for!  Their brunch offers red velvet pancakes which are delectable... The Chilequiles were some of the best I've had. Oh! Did I mention you can do bottomless mimosas or bloodies with an entree for $24 at brunch?  It's a yum-yum-yummy option any day!
2	The food was okay, the service, ... that was nothing to write home about.  .  And it wasn't that busy.  I would not go back.  The mac & cheese were ok but not for raves, and nothing I'd order again.  It's just a place to hang out if you live or are staying around here, and I don't so I won't--ever.
5	I have been to the Herb Box in DC Ranch, which I loved, but today was my first time at the one in Old Town. Needless to say, it impressed again.A friend and I met for Sunday Brunch which was great because it allowed us the full breakfast menu as well as the lunch menu if we wanted.  Not being a big egg fan, I was hesitant at trying the Chilaquiles, but the waiter informed me that I could get just one egg if I preferred.  It was actually delicious!  The tomatillo salsa that they pair with the pork creates the right combination of flavors.The food is a little on the pricier side but that is what you get if you want all fresh local ingredients.  I am definitely willing to pay more for quality, which is exactly what the Herb Box has.  Not to mention the beautiful patio seating which should not be missed out on if the weather is right!
4	I love the Herb Box. My company previously ordered catering from the North Scottsdale location and that's when the addiction began. You would have to fight off coworkers for left over's. The food is always fresh and delish!  The ingredients are perfectly placed and you know what your getting is prepared with love . There isn't anything on the menu I don't like.  I am here at least 2 times a week for lunch, I keep checking the desserts for the peach and cream tart . Peach season is coming soon , so expect me lurking the whole month of May.
4	My husband and I came in early on a week day, after lunch not quite dinner.We were one of I think 3 table in the joint.  Fine by me, again, weird time of day,  but I needed a drink.It was happy hour, sweet.  Drink wise their happy hour is OK, but when you look at their specialty cocktails you will have a hard time sticking to the happy hour menu.  The Shrinking Violet was awesome!  Pricey, but oh so yum.We split a couple of appetizers.  We were not at all disappointed by any of them.I could have stuck a straw in the broth of the Shrimp and Smoked Jalapeno Rioja Butter and just sucked it all up, really.  That good.The hype on here about the Market Street Short Rib Tacos, not a lie.  So good.  And finally the Brown Sugar Jerk Pork Sliders.  Tasty.  Really really really tasty.With how much we enjoyed the starters I look forward to going back more the main event.Oh, and the service was great too, very friendly.
5	I'm so sad I didn't discover the Herb Box sooner. I went for a girl's lunch and was blown away - by the decor, the vibe, the view and the food - and this was during the winter. I can't wait for patio weather because this will become a weekend go-to spot for me. The salads and sandwiches are delicious and the fries and chips - holy moly! They're amazing and you'll get tons of them. The decor is perfectly shabby chic with a traditional twist and I could seriously move in. If you and your mom and girlfriends love the quaint feel of Arcadia Farms, give Herb Box a whirl. It's got the same feel, but more modern. Love love love it.
5	This is THE place to go if you're a celiac! Everything on the menu is labeled - and a big portion of the menu is actually gluten free! The servers are friendly and knowledgeable, and the food - well, the food is amazing. However, it's VERY pricey - especially with all of those amazing cocktails (muddled strawberrys, c'mon!). I have only dined here for dinner, but I loved every bite of it. I would choose to go here for ANY special occasion. They even brought out a free birthday GF dessert! They're great, go here as soon as you can!
5	I have dined in, eaten at the bar, and gotten take out from Herb Box, and every single time the food has been awesome. I've tried their veggie wrap, pear flatbread, and sweet potato tacos. The latter were my favorite, and I really wish I could recreate them at home. Reading the reviews about brunch, I am kicking myself that I haven't spent a Sunday morning there yet.I don't remember anything about our server when we dined in so I guess it wasn't bad, but I was very happy with the service I got at the bar. The bartender was quick and friendly. Just a lovely overall experience.The decor is nice, and I think the bathrooms are especially noteworthy.
4	Fresh and healthy. That's what comes to mind when I think of the Herb Box. I've been here a few times now, and haven't been dissappointed. Their vegetarian plates are very creative (I'm not vegetarian, but I dabble....) The Vegan Nosh is super good! I almost crave those beets with mandarin oranges....and the fried shallots are to die for!  The other day I tried the sweet potato tacos....they were good, but i'm having a hard time remembering them, so maybe they weren't THAT good. Actually, our waiter mixed up our order and brought out the thai ribs on accident, we got to keep it free of charge.....I ended up picking more on those then I did my sweet potato tacos, haha.....they were pretty good! (the ribs) A little on the sweet side, but a nice amount of kick! Yum! I've always recieved decent enough service, never over the top though. I suppose a little snootiness is sometimes to be expected in this part of town. But at least it's civil, lol. Bottom line: I'll be back....and maybe I'll order those ribs for real next time....... P.S. be sure to check out their patio.....so cute! looks like it's straight out of Europe or something!
4	Dined here on Thursday evening. It was very loud due to a band playing out front. We had the falafel as an appetizer, which was average, & not too flavorful. CAPICOLA HAM & HERB TOMATO FLATBREAD & the PEAR and GORGONZOLA FLATBREAD. Those were simple and exciting to the taste buds. For dessert, we  had the Expresso chocolate martini. It was yummy!
2	Food is good.  Restaurant was cold, literally -  as evidenced by other people wearing their coats and the server (Chris)  telling us "someone else said that".   Took forever to get service.  Server spilled water on the table when trying to fill a glass then spilled wine on the table when trying to fill a glass..  Water is one thing - I'm paying for the wine he poured  on the table.  I ordered a salad with dinner, it never showed up.  Not worth a second visit.
4	I once was only a fan of their breakfast stuff, but now their other offerings are growing on me more and more.  I went here the other night for dinner:The Highlights:* Aesthetics - I just love the look of this place.  I don't know why but it really appeals to my eye.* Assorted breads and chips that come with the tzatziki and hummus platter - Hot, fresh, fluffy, and delicious.  The hummus is just ok though.  The tzatziki is pretty good.* Duck, corn and poblano crepes - The crepe was delicate and tasty.  The filling was equally as special.  The tender pieces of duck combined with corn and poblano was an excellent combination.  I would definitely get these again.* Corn and goat cheese flatbread - Very tasty and enough to shareThe Lowlights:* Smoked gouda mac and cheese - It just wasn't thick and creamy how I like it and gouda is just weird to put in mac n' cheese.  Also, rosemary doesn't belong in food.  I don't like eating potpourri. * Roasted chicken - Eh.  It was pretty tender and juicy but just needed more flavor.* Ice cream sandwich thing for dessert - Again this was just eh.  It was like eating ice cream in a bun.
5	I love this place! Its my new favorite restaurant! Everything is so fresh and so good..I had the hummus to start with a friend and they had the burger which was awesome and I had the chicken sandwich which was pretty good. Sweet Potato Chips were amazing and the iced green tea was really good! Only downfall was the server could have been nicer but oh well maybe next time.
4	The Herb Box is good.For brunch, the Salmon Hash is an awesome combination of wonderful breakfast foods. I especially liked that it had the fingerling potatoes mixed in. But really, you can put potatoes in anything and I'll like it.Today, I had lunch at The Herb Box, and was pleasantly surprised with their fish taco special. Seriously, I didn't expect tacos this good at a place with such varied food styles as The Herb Box. What keeps me from giving The Herb Box that final star are the prices and service. The food is good, but just a few bucks more than what I usually want to spend. The service isn't awful, but it has that slightly snobbish Scottsdale vibe. Little things like that make me want to stay in Central Phoenix and out of downtown Scottsdale.
4	Brunch at the patio on a sunny Saturday with live music? Yes, please!!! It has been long since my last not-so-good experience at the Herb Box in DC Ranch, I finally decided to give it another chance at this location, well, I'm glad I did. This one definitely gave me a much better experience and a happier day later (maybe because I didn't order any egg-related items like last time? check out the review for the DC ranch location and you'll know what I'm talking about, lol)...Anyways, we had to wait for about 25 mins for a patio seating which was expected since everyone wants to be out with the sun. Service at this location was great, very attentive, the waitress of ours was just friendly! We both had a salad (Market Sunflower Salad and Coconut Shrimp Salad), both were very flavorful, I'd definitely order it again! :) Looking forward to the next outing at this place!
3	We ate here for Sunday brunch, lured by the idea of red velvet and cinnamon buckwheat pancakes.  We managed to find parking close by and headed over.  We saw a large sign that said "Herb Box" up some stairs, with an inviting door, so we ventured inside.Upon entering, we were confused because we couldn't see a check in area.  Eventually, the hostess came by, gave us a dirty look, and said tersely "You didn't enter the right way.  This is the back way".  We were shown to a table after she bitchily asked us how many people we wanted a table for, but I was miffed that she was so annoyed at the fact we accidentally went in through the wrong entrance.  Looking at the sign when we left, there wasn't any indication that it was the back entrance, nor were there any instructions to enter through the front.  How were we supposed to know it wasn't the right way to enter?  Maybe they should put up a sign or some indication that this isn't the correct entrance (or lock the back door), wouldn't that clarify things a bit? (Or maybe the hostess shouldn't be so bitchy to customers?  Just a thought.)Despite being treated rudely by the hostess, our server was very friendly.  The red velvet pancakes were moist, chocolatey, and covered with a mild tasting mascarpone cheese.  The Gran Marnier sauce was delicious, and I could definitely taste the liquor in it!  I tried some of the cinnamon buckwheat pancakes, which were also very good.  The pancakes were very filling and a good portion size; I could only finish half of them because I got full halfway through my meal.In general, despite getting the cold shoulder initially, it was an enjoyable meal.  Since there are a plethora of breakfast places around this area though, I'd like to try some other restaurants here before maybe venturing to Herb Box again.
4	Everything is good! The roasted red pepper hummus is amazing! good place for a business lunch....patio seating during cooler weather is unbeatable.....Try the specials, they aren't the leftovers from the day before...there's a lot of thought put into them.....
4	I stopped by the herb box just to grab drinks with a few friends.  The restaurant's decor is nice.  It hasn't changed that much since it was the estate house though.  But I liked it then too!  It looks perfect for outdoor eating.  The bartender was very nice and took pictures of the group for us along with others from the staff.  My friend was very excited at how nice the bathrooms are! LOL.
4	Went here today with my dad for lunch. The place is very cute and has good service. We sat on the patio and it was a nice day outside. We shared the steak sandwich and the corn and goat cheese flatbread. The sandwich was very good, the steak was tender and it had a lot of flavor. It came with some sweet potato chips that were ok, but not amazing. The flatbread was really tasty, it had corn, goat cheese, bacon, arugula, and red onion... it had tons of flavor. I felt like it was a bit overpriced with lunch costing about 30$, but I would come back again to try dinner or breakfast sometime.
4	I like this place! Not only was our waitress super nice, but its got a great, low-key atmosphere and really good food. We went for the shared plates and the market short rib tacos and Shrimp in Smoked Jalapeno Rioja Butter are amazing. The latter is on the spicy side, so don't order it if you can't eat a jalapeno. It comes with dipping bread to go into the sauce and I didn't care how unhealthy it may have been. It was good. The crab dip with fried bananas was good, and the fried green tomatillos were okay. Some were sliced a bit too thick for my liking. But that's not going to stop me. Next time I'm in Scottsdale, you can count on me visiting the Herb Box.
3	expectations - reality = disappointmentwhile i still think the service here is awful 85% of the time, the food and atmosphere are too good to keep us away. i have to update my review to be fair because in all honesty i eat here at least 1 or twice a week for lunch. food= 5 starspatio= 5 starsservice= 0just lower your expectations on the service so that when you do get someone great you are pleasantly surprised! things i recommend in the order of how often i order them:sunflower salad- my fav salad on the planetwhite bean chili- oh gosh!!!! they need to do like a soup+salad/sandwich combo asappesto chicken sandwich w sweet potato chipsthat's pretty much all i order but i can say that their enchiladas are the bomb and so is the quesdilla. as for the desserts down in the market, we have yet to try something that wasn't amazing. crack pie, chocolate mousse thing in a mini pie crust, cake slices...seriously whenever we go for dessert it's amazing. the service in the market is alwas good, too!
4	Yummmmm. When I worked down the street I had the opportunity to eat here a few times for lunch. My work paid for it so it was a bit more than I would normally spend for a lunch but it was so tasty that I've went back since and paid for the food on my own dime (and without a Groupon, can you believe it!) As stated by my first word in the review, the food here is really good. The menu is for sure trendy and filled with all the buzz words that 5 years ago nobody would understand. Don't matter though. Also being right near the "waterfront" the interior is really airy and the whole place has a nice ambiance to it. I remember the service being a slight bit slow if your trying to get in and out and back to your office on your hour lunch. If you have the time, I could see myself hanging out with friends and letting the conversation continue until the lunch crowd has just about cleared out.
5	Have frequented this place for brunch over the past couple months and it has been a great relationship. I first came here by myself and felt guilty as my wife was out of town. Moreover the dining experience was great, not only the food but the location with plenty of outdoor seating near the canal. Eventually I did introduce my wife to The Herb Box, as well again this morning for brunch with friends from out of town. The fare here is always fresh. Every dish tried here has been spot on. The past couple visits I have been trying to find a fault in the food here, but have yet to discover one.
3	Pretty much nailed on prior Yelp reviews but figured I'd add my two cents.  Atmosphere, decor, etc is very solid.  Exactly what you'd expect in this area of Scottsdale.  Food was good.  Not off the charts but solid.  Appreciated the "normal" portion sizes.  Seems many places try and impress with volume rather than quality.Service was slow.  Real slow.  Sunday morning and we were just chilling out so not a big deal.  Just know what you're getting in to.
3	Excellent service! Thanks you John, for taking such good care of me and my friends.  The food however, needs tweaking, bread pudding and coffee urns need to be hot, salads on plates would be easier to eat instead of bowls. And maybe a little anchovie in the caesar and less bing cherries? Beautiful patio though.
5	Finally tried this place with friends from out of town. We went on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and waited about 20 min for a table. The menu looks amazing! Wonderful sandwiches and salads, as we waited and eyeballed the food coming out to other tables we were immediately impressed.I went with the veggie hummus pita wrap which came with super crispy sweet potato chips. My husband opted for the sweet potato tacos that I kept staring at. Our friends also ordered the sweet potato tacos and and the steak tacos. We each thoroughly enjoyed our meals and with all plates cleaned we ordered a round of coffee and tea to finish the meal. Everything was deliciously fresh, good flavors. The decor is simple and clean and my friend commented that she felt like she was at a Virginia beach house. They passed the water glass test too-always a bonus. Great place!!!
1	One star is really pushing it.KRISTINA was our server's name and she was as terrible as they come. I only got her name because I actually saved our receipt with her name on it. Let's just get right into it.*I am a server too and I STILL am sooo upset about this experience. I came with the boyfriend to grab brunch yesterday afternoon because I heard they do amazing red velvet pancakes. We went to the hostess and they were polite, told us it would be a 15 minutes for inside and 20 for outside. We said we'd take first available. We got seated sooner than expected outside on the patio (which is beautiful by the way; the only reason why this restaurant should even receive any stars). We had some time to look at the menu prior to getting seated so we knew what we wanted. Kristina came by about 5-10 after we had been seated, we ordered water,oj and coffee for the each of us. We also put in the order of the red velvet pancakes and and sriracha fried chicken. Then we waited....It took about 5-7 minutes for our drinks. No biggie, she's busy. No sugar caddy for our coffee. We wait to catch her. We don't see her. No biggie, my boyfriend just goes all the way to front of the restaurant to grab some. Our coffees go empty but it's ok since we ordered OJ as well so we have something else to drink. Our food finally comes; served to us by a different server of course. We have no utensils. Awesome.  The guy who brought our food was so kind to bring us some.The pancakes were good, nothing that special. Boyfriend's chicken had obviously been sitting at the window forever since his sriracha sauce was dried up on his place and his cole slaw was warm. Whatever we don't complain, it's fine. Up to this point we STILL haven't seen Kristina anywhere. She finally appears when we're about half way through and asks how the food is, we say it's fine and she disappears again. We're done with the food and we just want to get out of there now but of course our server is no where to be found. We see another server bussing a table and politely ask if we could get our check from our server since we had been waiting sometime now. This server was so apologetic and mentioned that everyone was quite busy and that she would find our server for us. She finally comes out with the bill; no apologies whatsoever and says "here you go"We give the card right away an then she goes missing again for another 10 minutes.I've had busy days myself but this server was just awful!!! I'm still so upset about my whole experience and how it ruined my whole afternoon. I'm pretty sure I'll never be back there and if I had Kristina as a server again I would be sure to peace out with a quickness!!!!
5	This is probably my favorite restaurant in Old Town: great environment and great food. I highly recommend the Thai ribs with gouda mac n' cheese--oh yes, you heard me right. Gouda mac n' cheese. All dishes are full of flavor, and I really like that they work to source from local and sustainable suppliers.A bit on the pricey side, so make sure you do it right.
4	Good little place in old town across from Cowboy Ciao. Had the turkey apple swiss wrap w/ dried cranberries,local greens, smoked bacon, and cashews. Very good and great size. The lady had the bestcken & sage pesto sandwich w/ goat cheese, gala apple, and smoked bacon. She liked it as well. The sweet potato chips were very good too. will be back for sure.
5	we have heard so many great things about this place and it lived up to every expectation. even the decor is very cool, with exposed white washed beams and flooring, kind of farm-ish, but not in a country-chickens-haybales-cracker barrel way. it was super busy and we had to wait about 25 minutes to be seated. everything on the menu looked awesome. i finally settled for the sweet potato tacos and they were just the right texture of soft, sweet, salty, and a tad crunchy. my wife had the veggie hummus pita wrap and it was as well, over the top delicious. i was extremely fond of the sweet potato chips that came with the dish. i also ordered the mac n cheese, and it was nice and stinky and rich and creamy...mmmm.our server, although busy, spent a minute or two just chatting with us and kept our water glasses filled. we topped it off with a cup of coffee, which surprisingly, was good as well. i can't wait to come back here. i'm glad we finally checked this place out.
4	My Husband & I met some friends for lunch here while we were in town. The wait was about 20 mins, but we were seated on the patio, where there was live music and a beautiful view of Scottsdale & Camelback! I ordered the Market Sunflower salad; blackened chicken, goat chz, bacon, dried strawberry, blueberry, sunflower seeds  & my husband the Smoked Turkey Ciabatta; gouda, bacon,sweet tomato, roasted red pepper aioli. I LOVED my salad, but the hubs was a little less than totally satisfied with his sandwich, however the sweet potato chips were super yummy! I would definitely come back!
5	Wow, this place doesn't disappoint! We arrived on a Thursday night around 7pm. The hostess went to check for us if there were any outside tables available, and during the 60 seconds maybe that she was gone, 3 servers passing by asked us if we needed help. Talk about GREAT customer service! I LOVE IT!!This time around I wasn't super hungry, so I ordered the garden salad and a side of roasted beets. The salad was bigger than I expected for a "side" salad and was plenty for me along with the beets. My husband ordered the gorgonzola and pear flatbread which was also topped with a crispy sage that lent a great little crunch to it. My brother-in-law ordered the ribs which he said were really tasty-they also came with a side of their mac & cheese which is wonderfully rich and decadent. Our server was friendly and had a great attitude. Our water glasses were filled promptly once again and we left as happy campers. This place is a class act.
3	I loved the innovative menu.  Unfortunately my pork belly was 98% solid fat with only one bite of meat.  The waiter took my plate ,which was mostly untouched, and did not even ask me if I enjoyed the meal, much less why I did not eat it.We did enjoy the crab appetizer with plantains and my husbands trout was excellent.I would give this dining spot  another chance.
4	After having a mini spa morning, my hubby gave me a call and we decided to have a lunch day.  Since I was in Old Town, I wanted to go back to Herb Box.  It was after the lunch rush, so we thought we might get better service.  We were right.  Eric was our server, he was sensational.  I had a delicious Coconut Shrimp Salad and my hubby had a Steak Sandwich.  His was not that great.  We washed down our meal with a Raspberry Hibiscus Tea, very tasty.   I think the key here is to go when they are not as busy.  I still think the hostess stand could use a little coaching to make guests feel welcomed.
5	Their brunch here is DELICIOUS! I didn't want to expect too much out of the red velvet pancakes, but they are really as good as people say they are. We also ate the brussel sprout & pancetta flatbread, and that was equally as delectable. With a mango lemonade, that was the perfect brunch meal for us. I wish I would have tried this place earlier than the last weekend before I moved! Really cute place and good service.
4	Delicious macaroni & cheese. Bread crumbs are a nice touch and the blend of cheeses is unique. Everything was pretty reasonably priced, too. We had the beef tacos, fritas, and mac & cheese and with tip I think we spent under $30. Awesome atmosphere, too.
3	If you can mentally stomach paying $19 for a 'Vegan Nosh' plate, by all means, go for it... you're a better (wealthier) (wo)man than I. The salmon plate was good, but again, not worthy of the cost, or a sexier adjective than simply "good." In general, I don't think The Herb Box lives up to its prices.However, it has a few exceptions. The falafel appetizer was absolutely magnificent. Who the hell uses  "magnificent" to describe a fried chickpea ball? Just try it, you'll understand. They also have $6 salads that are big enough to be a light meal. The one that caught my eye had avocado and candied pecans in it...  and bacon and blue cheese dressing. I swapped out the animal products for another salad's toppings: lemon poppy seed vinaigrette and dried corn. I would order that made up salad again in a heartbeat, and more importantly, I'd pay for it.I'm still skeptical of the price tags, but after this visit, I must admit: my interest is piqued. Herb Box, I shall return. But not for dinner. Because I'm usually kind of broke.  Lunch or brunch. Probably lunch. Yeah. (I doubt MacArthur tacked on all those conditions when he said "I shall return".... but, oh well.)
4	I've been here several times for business lunches and find that they have reliably good food and service.  It is not unusually pricey for downtown Scottsdale with $13-$15 salads. I love the Market Sunflower with berries, goat cheese and blackened chicken and the Steak Salad with cooked-to-order meat, corn, peppers and blue cheese vinaigrette, . Both have lots of yummy ingredients and have really great flavor.  Portions are nice size and have a good serving of protein. The patio is pleasant on the "waterfront" (it's a canal, but in the desert we all pretend its a river), as is the dining room.
5	Now that the previously reviewed Scottsdale/Shea location is closed, I'm exuberant that the Southbridge/Old Town Scottsdale location is here, as it's much closer to me.  Which I'm trying to take advantage as often as possible.It's fantastic that I can go somewhere with great vegetarian options and carnivore options, a healthy and fresh focus, and with the stellar ambiance the patio offers.  I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered, and always look forward to going again.And while it may be a weird quirk of mine, but I truly love when I have options for iced tea! Last time I was there, our server rattled off about 5, and it made me giddy on the inside.A few visits ago was dinner with girlfriends, to which Amy D. insisted we each go home with a "crack pie", and per the check-in tips on FourSquare from both her and Noelle K., it's a must.  I'm not too proud to say I ate 3/4 of it at home that night, and the rest in the morning for breakfast.  And yes, I did consider stopping there on the way home that next day for more. What? It's CRACK PIE!!!
4	So we were walking around old town during our weekend visiting Scottsdale and we stumbled upon this place as being one of the few places that was open on a Sunday morning at 9 am. Great stumble on our part! It was a gorgeous day so we sat on the outdoor patio. Our waitress was lovely and she mentioned that they had a brunch special for $24 which included bottomless mimosas and an entree each. Sounds good to me! We got our drink on and couldn't decide on what we wanted to eat because everything on the menu sounded utterly delish! We finally chose the Avocado love and the corn and goat cheese flatbread. The portions are VERY large so we really could have split one of these dishes between the two of us and been fine but I'm glad we were able to try both of them. The avocado love consists of slices of bread slathered with avocado and topped with a fried egg, arugula and yellow pepper aioli.YUM-ME. Everything was ridiculously fresh and tasty. The corn and goat cheese flatbread had tomato, red onion and bacon and was topped with arugula as well. I can never get enough of it so it was all good with me! Again a VERY large portion. We sucked down a few more mimosas and were fat and happy all day long. GREAT place! The only tiny little glitch was the prosecco or whatever the mimosas were made with was very sweet.
5	I made my first visit at The Herb Box by the canal in the Old Town Scottsdale area today. I do miss the old location at Scottsale & Shea, but I can see why they would want to escape that small hidden corner and make itself more accessible and less inconspicuous to the public. The menu is still modern American, light, healthy, and full of flavor. The inside of the restaurant is very pleasant and the staff was very pleasant and welcoming. It differs from the old Scottsdale & Shea location in that it doesn't have a small grocery store area with offerings of their creations prepackaged to purchase and take home with you, but it does have an exterior seating area with more of a patio feel. During this visit, I decided to go for something I hadn't tried before. For an appetizer, I had the asparagus and fennel frites, which was breaded asparagus with a dipping sauce. Along with the asparagus was extra breading that appeared to be deep-fried. I believe the fennel in this dish was in the dipping sauce. As a main dish, I had the butternut squash corn enchiladas. It consisted of two enchiladas about 5 or 6 inches long and maybe an 1-1/2 inches wide and high. The other three-quarters of my plate was a salad. I loved it. It was very tasty, but it was a little too light for me. It didn't occur to me prior to selecting it that the dish lacked the protein that I so need to feel satiated so I ended up having the other half of my companion's grilled chicken & sage pesto sandwich, which I've had before. My only complaint is the ciabatta bread in the sandwich wasn't toasted enough. Anyway, the Herb Box deserves high marks for uniqueness in food and the great location. I highly recommend it!
3	Go here for food, not for the service. 3 stars as a result.Maybe I just happened to have a server (Samantha) who was having an off day, but the service was non-existent. I arrived at 2:35pm on a Sunday and waited ten minutes to be seated. No, not because there was a line but because the hostess was not up front. I received a menu and ordered a glass of wine. When Samatha returned with the wine I was informed, and I quote," You know we close in 5 minutes, right?" This was somewhat confusing as the brunch menu clearly stated 9am-4pm. Anyway, I quickly made a selection and off she went. My food arrived in quick fashion and was better than I ever imagined eggs, arugula and bacon could taste on toasted white bread. Had I been asked I would have been interested in enjoying another glass of the riesling. That, or a first glass of water, but as there was no one to ask I finished my food sans beverage. After reading through a chunk of a guidebook I got tired of waiting so I ventured inside. While inside I decided to stop at the restroom. I waited a few minutes for a powder room to open up. When I came out Samantha was outside waiting with my check. Funny how that works. Disappointing as the venue is in a wonderful location and the food is stellar.
4	This place is a great alternative to the usual options in downtown scottsdale.  There is a very extensive menu with some pretty bold options.  The actual meal was very delicious, and the decor was amazing.  With that being said I will deduct a star for mediocre service.  I couldn't help but feel was though our waiter was in a hurry to serve, no smiles were given.  The beautiful people of scottsdale all were packed in, so its a cool place if you are looking to people watch,(my father would love it.)
5	Food and service were amazing.  We had the panchetta and brussel sprout flat bread and the smoked salmon scramble.  Service was right on with the check-ups and ensuring that we had everything we needed without bothering our conversation or meal.  I love the decor and open feel to the restaurant.  Definately a return for a brunch service!
3	Every time I have eaten here I have eaten in the restaurant, but I went to the Marketplace hoping to grab a quick lunch to take home.  I ordered my usual-- the Albacore Tuna Pita (a scoop of tuna salad over a bed of arugula/greens/tomatoes, comes with 3 grilled pita triangles), but didn't get it until 30 minutes later!  Good thing I wasn't on a lunch break, because if I was, I wouldn't have had time to eat it.  I think a 30-minute waiting time for a salad is pretty ridiculous...I can't imagine what the wait would have been if I had ordered something that needed to be cooked.  Maybe that was just a fluke that day.  Anyway, I would advise to call ahead and/or just eat inside.Marketplace to go = 2 starsHerb Box all together= 4 stars
5	Came here with a large group for lunch, and the place was packed. Our service was attentive throughout our meal and everything came out in good time. Everything I tasted was great, from our appetizer of sweet potato chips to my main the short rib tacos and black bean mango salad. The decor inside the restaurant was appealing as well. I'll be returning soon.
5	july 8, 2012For my birthday brunch, I ordered four menu items to share amongst everyone, which included the red velvet pancakes (but of course!), the Herb Tomato, goat cheese, and chive omelet, the Market BLT (I've tried it before, and it was fantastic!), and a new addition to the menu, one I'd wanted to try for two years now, but I keep missing the opportunity-- the Bourbon-ginger peach brioche French toast!  I also ordered two mango mimosas for my cousin and me (Mom and aunt did not want any)...What more can I say about the red velvet pancakes that I haven't said before? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0gXYLVPNWz0WT8wXQVpS0g?select=25P_k0Ot6qR9aV5IYzGTVQ#25P_k0Ot6qR9aV5IYzGTVQ  Just order them when you go, and thank me later.  I skipped on the omelet this time http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0gXYLVPNWz0WT8wXQVpS0g?select=YO8Ft30ml8XwNW4K2Drq3Q#YO8Ft30ml8XwNW4K2Drq3Q, since I had only one thing on my mind, and it was the French toast... OMG! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0gXYLVPNWz0WT8wXQVpS0g?select=pC5n1Ejy5dpyvZQlY1uTBQ#pC5n1Ejy5dpyvZQlY1uTBQ  This is how French toast should be prepared-- crispy, yet not greasy, on the outside and tender, not fluffy, on the inside.  The ratio of custard batter to bread was spot-on.  Nothin'  soggy 'bout it.  Oh, and the bourbon-ginger peach compote that was the crux of the entree?  Superb!  Yeah, I had to ask for another pot of this.  Hey, I'll take a couple of jars home, if you got some to sell!  I seriously hope I never have to choose between the red velvet pancakes and the French toast, because I wouldn't, COULDN'T begin to contemplate.  The only disappointment during the whole meal was the Street Market BLT. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0gXYLVPNWz0WT8wXQVpS0g?select=L03fNbFT9uWaiI69ELoUFw#L03fNbFT9uWaiI69ELoUFw  While the ingredients- pancetta, wild arugula, tomato, ricotta, and a fried egg (mmm... there's something about arugula and fried egg together...) tasted fantastic, the bread was over-charred, and it just almost ruined the dish.  I just peeled the bread back and ate the goodness in between.  Hmm... yeah.  'Tis best not to go there.Mango mimosas for $5 a pop?  I see many more Sundays off from work in my future!p.s.  Thank you Shad, and THB, for my glorious red velvet birthday cupcake! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0gXYLVPNWz0WT8wXQVpS0g?select=dk-G0E6bgC4JoZOQBPaqfQ#dk-G0E6bgC4JoZOQBPaqfQ  Three of us kept going back to the plate for more, and there were still leftovers... You were so right-- the cream cheese frosting was spectacular!
4	What a great place! Our server, Andy was nothing short of awesome, and the food was terrific. For appetizers, (half off before 6 pm, drinks too) we had short rib tacos, a martini shrimp thing, and the cilantro lime crab dip. The tacos were delicious. The short ribs were done perfectly and the salsa mix was delicious. My friends said the shrimp was great. The dip came with plantain chips which in combo with the dip was apparently, amazing.For dinner, I had the butternut squash enchiladas. Inside were chopped up pieces of butternut squash, corn, and cotijo cheese. It was served with a big salad. Overall, it was delicious. I had to ask for extra sauce because it was so tasty in combo with each bite of enchilada. My friend also got the enchiladas but wanted meat with it so they added a layer of the short rib meat on top which was great of them and he cleaned his plate. The others got the Thai BBQ ribs and trout. Both were great. Now, I was a bit skeptical of an American place with Thai style BBQ ribs but they did a fairly good job. Were they raditional Thai ribs? No, but good nonetheless.Sadly, we were all too full to enjoy dessert.
3	Over rated.  Needs more flavor.
1	Had a very  bad experience here.First off, many of the photos posted on Yelp don't actually exist on the menu. They are from some catering company which you will not be able to order from.We ended up getting a wrap, Thai ribs and  a chicken salad.The food was all tasteless and bland. I wanted to ask for my money back and walk out. However the group that I was with felt very awkward doing that but they agreed. I will never be back to this place. Very disappointed in this place because I wanted to try for such a long time.
4	Went here for lunch with my friend. Their salad was very tasty and the waiter was very helpful and friendly. We received quick service. It's Scottsdale prices though. I can get a better salad at 24 Carrots or Pomegranate in Ahwatukee for much less. Nevertheless it's a cool lunch spot.
4	Very good experience...good food, good service. Menu is a little limited and the prices high. Nice ambiance and very busy at lunch time. Overall, we liked it and may return. I had the pear and Gorgonzola flatbread that tasted excellent, but for $15 it wasn't enough to take any home. Wifey had a salad and said it was also very good. There are just a lot of really good places in Scottsdale so it needs to be really a standout to get 5 stars.
5	This is my second review of the herb box because it is SO AMAZE-FACE. I love this place, for the decor, the waiters/waitresses and most of all the awesome food. Everything is fresh, and has a good taste, I've actually ordered many things off the menu and liked everything I have ordered. The recent "NOSH" selections are definitely worth checking out. Most recently I discovered their SATURDAY/SUNDAY BREAKFAST!!  $5 bloody's or mimosa's and reasonably priced farm-fresh feeling fare, such as the standard 2 egg breakfast. But, trust me, there's nothing standard about it, with delicious wheat toast and yummy eggs with cheese automatically on the menu. You can't go wrong with the avocado toast either. I'll definitely be back, for um.. breakfast, lunch and dinner. Thanks Herb!TIPS-* Try their breakfast on Sat/Sun* If eating dinner order some of the veg "NOSH" and don't be afraid to get a couple to try (the 3 pair is the best deal)* Pizza's are all very good* The meat/cheese board also yummy* Extensive wine menu
5	LOVED this place! This is hands down the best service I have ever gotten at a restaurant.  Now granted it was the middle of a weekday, but the waiter was nice, attentive, and he even gave us directions to a bar we were trying to find (not for that day, but for another time).I had an amazing cocktail.  It was basically a mojito but used tequila  instead.  Which was perfect.  It took away some of the sweetness of a mojito and gave it a bit more body.  I was there with a family member and we split Asparagus and Fennel Frites and the Butternut Squash Corn Enchiladas.  Both I thought were pretty good.   I really liked the fennel, just because it was something a little bit different.  The enchiladas had a little spice to them but not a ton.  They were very flavorful though.
1	IF you want a waitress that puts you down for complaining that the mac and cheese is cold EAT HERE!  "Personally I would't eat it, it's too hot for my taste." As she sets it down after they re heated the mac.  UMMM....Yeah I LOVE eating cold mac and cheese. ( THE NEXT DAY! as left overs!)My husband ordered the steak salad and  he asked for it to be cooked medium, but it came out raw.  My flat bread was burnt almost black, and crispy, not the way I would or anyone with food sense would eat it.The only thing good about this is place that the one star gets is the lemonade mango juice.
4	I have hard of the Her Box or so long I finally decided to give it a shot with the gf for a nice litte dinner. I have to say I was impressed. Great service and the waiter (Andy?) was not only one of the most helpful waiters (in terms of being honest about his favorites on the menu) but also one of the funniest. So much so that I asked him if he thought about being a stand up comedian (which usually doesn't across as a compliment but was one). I had the advocado love which was three slightly toasted servings of advocado with some arugula and a few green jalepenos (which I wasn't aware of until I bit on one...). Only negative about that dish which was delicious is that I wish the bread was slightly more toasted so it would hold the advocado and salad better. I also ordered the smoked gouda mac and cheese. I'm familiar with gouda as it's basically a staple cheese where I grew up similar to cheddar here and it was as close to being perfect as it could be. Served with some bread crumbs and really delicious. The gf had a flatbread,corn and goat cheese which was equally as good. I'm not much for desserts for the most part and the dessert menu did look great, but the gf managed to request one, the smorees creme brulee. I'm not sure it was a complete success...edible yes but most creme brulee comes somewhat warm and the consistency was good but more like a pudding than what I was expecting. I love bread pudding but didn't try it and the serve highly recommended the crack pie which I'll have to come back for and test out. Despite the somewhat pricey menu, I'd say it was a pleasant surprise and well worth all the reviews and high marks.
3	My BFF and I had been wanting to eat here so we decided to stop in for lunch after a dress fitting at Destiny's Bride across the way.This place is super cute inside (even the bathrooms were impressive), the perfect atmosphere for a ladies lunch.We were immediately seated and our drink order was taken. However, I was a little disappointed at how long it took the server to visit our table again. I made eye contact with him and managed to say "come on man,we're ready to order" without using any words at all. He acknowledged me and explained that he would be right over (I think he was carrying a tray of drinks for another table at the time). While he offered to share the specials (which I had been very interested in hearing about when we first sat down), my friend and I had both settled on a choice from the regular menu and were ready to get the show on the road.I ordered the butternut squash enchiladas. The server had mentioned that it was one of the best things on the menu, but if that's the case -- bummer. My thoughts? The squash was undercooked, the tomatillo sauce was delicious but lukewarm at best (as was the filling). The mixed greens on the plate were sprinkled  with cotija cheese and dressed with some multicolored bell peppers, fresh and delicious. Maybe I should've ordered a salad instead?BFF got the grilled chicken and sage pesto sandwich.Of course I had a bite... DELICIOUS! She was expecting the chicken to be warm; it was cold, but still a tasty sandwich. I'm pretty sure it was on ciabatta bread (love it) and was dressed with goat cheese, gala apples, and bacon. YUM! It came with sweet potato chips too and I couldn't keep myself from stealing another and another from her plate. I would definitely order this next time. The server was always friendly, but I get the feeling that maybe he was taking care of too many tables at once. I've seen other comments on yelp addressing the service so perhaps this is an issue that needs to be addressed (ATTN: Management). I was, however, impressed that the server noticed a birthday gift sitting on our table and offered to bring a birthday treat. It was a chocolate cupcake with white frosting and a chocolate shell on top. DELICIOUS!! Reminded me of a chocolate hostess cupcake (I'm a sucker for those things). Overall impressions? Cute. Pricey. So-so service.. Hit or miss food. I might try it again...still thinking about it.
4	I have had a few extraordinary dishes there and a a couple that missed the mark. Skip the hour wait at RnR and go there for bottomless momosas with your Sunday brunch.
2	Overpriced. Unrefined. Disappointment. To me "Herb Box" would invoke fresh, clean, seasonal flavors. This reminded me more of that other restaurant with the name "Box" in it.It seems like it has a lot of potential but they need to drop their prices and drop the deep fryer. It's a lot of fluff without much substance.Started with the Asparagus and Fennel Frites - aka, beer battered and greasy hunks of vegetable served in a basket with fake newspaper.Husband had the trout. Said it was good, and the side was a cheesey asparagus casserole. Came with spinach, which again was fried.I had the Halibut special. Fish was amazing  with a little tapenade on top but the fingerling potatoes were essentially home fries. No veggies on this entree unless you count the olives. Server was friendly but I should have known to ask the price on the halibut before ordering it. Atmosphere was sophisticated, but the giant flat screen detracted from what could be a really elegant dining experience.
5	So I yelped up this place and looked at their website and had to take my honey to this restaurant! Wow it was wonderful. The Salmon cake with corn pablano was a feast for the eyes and for the palate.The Thai ribs with fingerling potatoes had a sauce with just the right amount of spice. The meat was fall off the bone perfect and juicy. Perfect is perfect!With a good cocktail,  Pama vodka and a nice simple single malt. What more can you say!I will tell you - Chocolate desserts that are chocoholic quality.Park the car and come on in!
5	Delicious! This place was so good and had many decently health options. I went for lunch to celebrate a co-workers birthday and will definitely be back. Interested to see what their dinner menu is like.I also love the looks of this place, super cute and a really nice patio too.
1	I have to say after seeing all these positive reviews it makes me even more disappointed that I had just an unpleasant experience. My friends and I came here yesterday to grab a quick bite to eat and a few drinks.  We came around 3 or 4 in the afternoon so it was very quite.  It was our first time so when we walked in we were not sure if it was open seating or what so after being ignored for a few minutes we just decided to have a seat.  When we sat down again no one came to greet us or give us menus so we politely asked what appeared to be a host for some menus.  This woman was soo rude, she didn't even say one word to us all she did was glare back (how dare we bother her for a menu, the nerve!) until another employee offered to get us some menus and waters.  After that my friends and I were already feeling very unwelcomed but still took a look at the menu.  Again the same woman walked by our table looked directly at us, rolled her eyes, shook her head and then darted into some back room. (SERIOUSLY! is that a joke?!)  Now at this point I was so upset and our server also  hadn't been back to check on us after several minutes( I'm not exaggerating, there was one othe so we just got up and left all together.  I can honestly say they have lost my business forever and I will NEVER recommend this place to any of my friends or family. Super disappointing.  What ever happened to good customer service??
4	We have grown to like this Herb Box, but still miss the one up in DC Ranch.  Don't get me wrong, it's still there.  But when I worked up near DC Ranch, we use to go there all the time.  That location (on Thompson Peak) has a strong Take-out  business mostly because it gets easily crowded with parents with kids.  So on a mild day, the Take-out is the way to go.Actually, their Take-out  business is called Herb Box Market and it is marketed as a "food boutique concept that offers customers a worldly and sophisticated retail setting that features an extensive array of freshly prepared meals including the casual catering-to-go line".  Gabi M has written a glowing Five Star review of their catering business which you can read.This location in Old Scottsdale also has a Take-out business, but it's downstairs and out of the way and seems less crowded when we've been here for lunch.  As you walk into The Herb Box, I would readily agree with Andy M, it does feel like you're eating in a Crate & Barrel!   But, that's not a bad thing, nor is it reflected in my Four Star rating.  One time, we sat near the old style turn of the last century bicycle, with the large front wheel.   All I could think about during our meal was that 60's TV show, with Patrick McGoohan called "The Prisoner".  LOLWe've had most of the items on the menu, but tend to gravitate to the Smoked Turkey Ciabatta ($12.00) with gouda cheese, bacon, sweet tomato and roasted red pepper aioli mayo which was very tasty.  It comes with sweet potato chips which are delicious.  Ask your server for a side of the red pepper aioli sauce for dipping.  It's mildly spicy, but works well with the chips.We have also tried their Blackened Chicken Caesar Salad ($13.00).  It's slightly different then the other blackened chicken we've tried, but nice.  It comes with romaine lettuce, dried cherries, cotija, tortilla strips and a chipotle-parmesan vinaigrette.  I really believe it's the dried cherries that work best with the dressing that make the salad, but I would skip the tortilla strips.The other entree we seem to enjoy is their Turkey Apple Swiss Wrap ($13.00) it has Turkey with dried cranberries, smoked bacon, and greens.  It also comes with sweet potato chips.  Remember the aioli mayo!The wait staff is very good at The Herb Box and they work very hard at anticipating drink refills.  We sat in John's section for our last visit and he was great!Enjoy!
4	Came here for brunch on a Sunday, and loved their brunch-and-bottomless mimosas deal. So delicious. The salmon hash was amazing!  Also tried the brisket sandwich, which was not as good, but still tasty. Our server Shad was also really friendly, patient and helpful, considering we were a large, needy group of 10 people. Had a great experience and will definitely be coming back here again for brunch!
4	Herbs, herbs, herbs in all things.  Order the enchiladas, and watch yourself begin to love life again!  Seriously.  Order them enchiladas.  Nice atmosphere, especially in the outdoor seating.  Also tried a couple of the flatbreads, and they were pretty amazing.  Friendly staff.
5	What a great find in the middle of the afternoon!  We were visiting from out of town and went to The Herb Box because of their gluten-free options.  The decor is contemporary and the atmosphere is sophisticated.  Sadie waited on us and gave us excellent service - helpful, warm, and very professional.  I had the short rib soft tacos, and they were wonderful.  My husband had the turkey/avocado wrap, and my stepson ordered the blackened chicken salad, and every bit was gobbled up.  We also ordered a cup of eggplant soup and it was excellent, with a wonderful, smoky flavor.  For dessert, the chef put together some ice cream sandwiches made of gluten-free chocolate cookies and avocado/mint ice cream.  Delicious!  We come to Scottsdale at least once a year and will definitely return to The Herb Box for another wonderful meal.  I just wish they would come to Knoxville, Tennessee!
5	My husband and I returned to The Herb Box for dinner two days after our first visit.  This time I had the gluten-free Butternut Squash and Corn Enchiladas, which were delicious and satisfying, with a perfect tomatillo sauce.  My husband loved his New York Strip with demi-glace, gorgonzola, green bean & fingerling potato salad w/ red onion, celery & fennel.  For dessert we had a very nice gluten-free lemon meringue pie. Yum!The cocktail menu is inventive, and we both enjoyed deliciously unique drinks.  The wine menu offers a good variety of foreign wines, but it would be nice to see some nice domestic options, as well.Once again the service was lovely (thank you, Eric H.!), and the ambience was intimate and relaxing.  We  are looking forward to our return to Scottsdale to sample more of the menu.
5	My sister and I decided to check out The Herb Box when she was in town visiting. We loved  everything about it! The ambiance was great, there was even live music on the patio. The food was fantastic and the service was the best I have had in the valley hands-down.
4	We found this place on accident when Olive & Ivy was packed one night and could not have been more pleased! First, the decor is awesome. It's sort of this rustic yet contemporary Cape Cod look and the bathrooms are the best in the city! The service was perfect and the food-- even better. I got the trout with fried spinach and some sort of cheesy vegetable side dish that was amazing. My boyfriend got the spare ribs with mac and cheese. It was equally as good. On and the desert! The trio is a perfect way to end the meal and everything was so good. This is the perfect date night location.
4	I went to the Herb Box for the first time on 12/2 with a group of ladies for brunch. I had the chilaquiles and it was delicious. They also had bottomless mimosas with the option of mango or orange juice. I got mango and it was yummy. Our waitress was very pleasant. She split our check ( we were a party of 14) without a hassle. I would highly recommend The Herb Box.
4	Great place. We came here as a 9 top and they were able to sit us after 30-45 minutes (reasonable for no reservation in Old town on a Saturday night).  It can get a little crowded in the bar area up front.  The decor of this place is trendy/classy.  Looks like they took a bunch of props from Anthropologie and threw them in the restaurant and somehow managed to pull of a great rustic yet elegant look.  Go see for yourself!  There was also a live act playing that night - everything from Clapton to Christmas music and while it was great, sometimes it was hard to hear/talk over the music.  Service was great as well - our waitress was able to get us out the door in an hour and a half and that was with check splitting and multiple recurring drink orders!Now for the food... I was able to try the sliders, thai bbq ribs w/ mac n cheese, and the capicola ham flatbread.  All of it was delicious.  The meat just falls right off the bone on the ribs, and the sauce was fantastic.  Most things are in the 16 - 30 price range.  A+!
5	We had catered, Good! Not only was the sandwich great, we got desert to and it was amazing! Totally loved!
4	Great food and comfortable atmosphere.Our extended family sat at an outdoor table for lunch and had:Kobe Burgers - greatSteak Salads - goodPotato Skins - yumShort Rib Tacos - so,soWould go back again.
5	Let me start off by saying 5 stars for this place just is not enough! Working at a hotel near old town Scottsdale I am always being asked for good restaurants, and this is the first place I always recommend. Before you even get to the restaraunt you are attracted by the looks, smells, and feel of the bakery in front. With a great wine and bakery selection you are pulled into the restaurant where the atmoshphere is welcoming yet elegant. The hostest welcomes you with a smile and kind words then quickly seats you where you prefer. Weather permitting my first choice is their beautiful patio. The staff quickly serves you and offers you a fresh unique menue. Everything on their menue is all locally grown or raised making every dish as fresh as it gets as well as making their menu seasonal allowing for their choices to rotate through out the year. I have never had an item from the Herb box I would not have again, therefore making the quality of food excellent.The staff which I already mentioned earlier, is always attentive to your every need, extrordinarily friendly, and completely delightful from the moment they see you until the moment you walk out the door. Making the service excllent.As far as price, it is reasonable to think you certainly get what you pay for. Being in old town Scottsdale and having the freshest menu definitely can have a bit of sticker shock however, with the quality food and outstanding service, the price is more than worth it. making the value average to above average.Over all the Herb Box is Excellent!!
4	Really tasteful decor with an interesting menu. Food was delicious - a little over the top rich but incredivly reasonable. Very nice and affordable wine selection and very sweet, cute server. A real real nice place for a quiet, relaxing dinner.
4	I was excited to walk into this restaurant because of how lovely it looked from the outside. The inside of the restaurant is very home-like, with booths that have pillows and varying tables filling the dining area. Came during happy hour and was happy to find that appetizers were half off and specialty drinks, $5. The waiter was slow in approaching us and the menu was initially very unsatisfactory. A group of us were actually contemplating getting up to try a different restaurant. The waitress somehow knew what we were planning, came to us just in time to recommend some of the most delicious dishes I've tried in a long time. Our table shared the falafel appetizers that my friend described by saying "there is no meat but they make it taste like it is." ... more simplistically put...it's good falafel! brother got the thai ribs which comes with a side of mac and cheese and apple salad. DELICIOUS. supposedly the best ribs he ever had. i shared the serrano-avocado shrimp salad which has the perfect amount of spice and crunch. The shrimp IS fried and the salad is topping two slices of bread though. The shrimp was cooked to perfection and eating half was more than sufficient. Would love to come back and eat on their patio!
5	The Herb Box is one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale. The decor is nice and calming and so well applied. The location on the Scottsdale canal is really nice and there's a large patio that takes advantage of this.The menu has so many different options and tastes that a variety of people will enjoy. There is also a take out area, that has a small markets selling some of the favorites (hummus, salads, etc)Servers are always helpful, professional and attentive.Here are some of the menu items I have enjoyed and notes about them. I am disappointed that they took off their Falafel dinner option. It came with two dips, falafel, and a salad. They took it off the menu a little while ago!Iced Teas- They always have a variety of flavors and they're all well balanced and delicious.Tzatziki+Hummus+Olives+Pita- Their Red Pepper Hummus has a  nice subtle spice to it, and the white bean artichoke is out of this world awesome. It's not as creamy as most Middle Eastern hummus' I enjoy, but it is a different breed and done so well. The olives are a great variety and the pita is good.Crisp Falafel with Tahini Yogurt Sauce and Greek Salsa- The falafel aren't heavy or overly spiced, they are very light and so perfect. I actually don't put them in the same vein as other Falafel because they are so different. Same as I wrote about for the hummus. They are some of my favorite falafel though. The Tahini has a subtle lemon flavor and it's incredible. I could eat it with a spoon. I always as for extra Greek Salsa because it's yummy as well. Butternut Squash Corn Enchiladas- These are light but filling with incredible ingredients then blend well together (Cojita, Spiced Pecans, Tomatillo- it works)The Grow Happy Salad- Not your everyday salad. Pepitas, Pepperoncinis. Feta. Just awesome and filling in it's own right.I want to try Brunch soon. The Red Velvet Pancakes are calling to me.
3	This is a cool restaurant that reminds me of an Amish restaurant I went to years ago.  Kind of country design, large wooden furniture.  Its nice, but slightly crowded (I don't like it when you hit the chair of the person behind you when you pull out the chair a bit to get out.  The way the furniture is designed you have to pull it out quite a ways to free a limb, even if you're petite.)  The sandwiches are made with good ingredients.  They are assembled with care and the combinations are great.  The side of sweet potato chips that come with the sandwiches are crisp and salty.  A few were soggy, but it happens.So why the low rating?  Severely overpriced.  They don't seem to be hurting for business though so maybe priced appropriately for them?  However, unless you want to pay 13 for a sandwich, just go to Paradise Bakery (I'm not a huge fan of them either but they also make a decent sandwich for 5 dollars less).  I may go back for hh - their beer and wine selection seems good and well priced between 3-6 and half price shared plates (appetizers).
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Old Town hands down. Great patio on the canal when the weather is nice and gorgeous decor inside when it's too hot. I have never ordered something I didn't love.
5	My new favorite place to eat! The food was amazing! Great flavor in every dish and the atmosphere was comfortably sophisticated.
4	The Herb Box is a great place to go for food in Old Town. I usually go in the market for a sandwich during lunch, but have also had dinner there too. The food is consistently very good and the employees are friendly. It is a bit on the pricey side for sandwiches and a la carte items, but I have not been let down there yet!
4	The food here is good and I think is priced very well. The best part of eating here is the patio. There is usually a little arts walk right on the bridge during the summer and its very fun to sit and eat outside.
5	I'd love this place for its relaxing garden ambiance alone. Go to the full dining restaurant and eat indoors or pick up a few dishes from the deli area downstairs.  The downstair area does not have the full menu, but is designed to get a quick take out bite.  There is a nice little patio (complete with comfy chairs and misters), which is perfect for lunch when weather is good.  No matter where you dine--the food is healthy and tasty, plus moderately priced. Check out their Jasmine Green Tea for something refreshing--it is perfect sipping for a hot summer day. The dessert menu is extra tempting, but I have viciously beat back my sugar cravings and declined to give them a try.  If I ever order a dessert, I will revise this review and add my thoughts.  Parking is meh. It's old town Scottsdale, so good luck there. But if you find a spot, this place is near the canal and there is nice walking to be had after eating.
4	I've been to the North Scottsdale location and this one is just as nice. Friday night we sat out on the patio overlooking The Scottsdale Canal (sorry, can't quite get into calling it The "Waterfront"). White Chicken Chili was fabulous, not too spicy and I ordered a side of toasted ciabatta bread for dipping/sopping up the wet parts. Yum.One of their signature dishes was The Roasted Chicken--DEElish; so many grilled flavors on one plate; worth the 20 minute prep time!Not quite a fan of the ciabatta bread used as a hamburger bun for the Kobe Burger (and the burger itself was only "okay") and the side for said meal was a bit of a turn-off for my husband and I agree that he should have been offered a different side with it...Otherwise, great service, great atmosphere.Yes, we'll be back (again).
4	The daily special was an excellent option for a vegetarian like me, and an ok value for the downtown Scottsdale area. I got a (smallish) grilled cheese/caramelized onion/apple sandwich, cup of potato leek soup, and side salad for $15, but more to the point, it was all great. We sat on the very nice patio and they didn't give us any attitude for being all scruffy and probably a bit smelly post-Camelback Mt. hike. Don't miss the absurdly fancy bathroom. (Warning about the patio - the table next to us was being dive-bombed by aggro birds. Apparently it has something to do with ordering Diet Coke and saccharin?) My husband said his grilled chicken sandwich was great too, and his crispy potatoes were AWESOME. VERY close to five stars overall. I guess I'm holding back on that 5th star because service was a bit slow (a lot of "I'll be right back with that"... and 10 minutes go by), but we were at the end of the lunch rush and luckily not in a hurry. Very pleasant meal and a highlight of our trip to AZ.
5	Casual atmosphere well thought out decor and a nice penny farland hanging on the wall.  Ordered asparagus and fennel frites and brown sugar pork ciabatta.  We'll see how it is but the descriptions of the food make you expect wonderful flavor.Amazing.  This place better be here for a long time because I will come back every time I am in Scottsdale.
5	This was our last stop before heading home to the NW, and it could not have been more perfect. The garden patio along the canal was  picturesque and relaxing. I had the BBQ chicken flat bread, which was phenomenal, homemade incredible sweet potato chips, and a drink the name of which escapes me, but was basically a tequila Mojito made perfectly with fresh ingredients.  I will certainly be a repeat customer on my next trip.
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Arizona. I brought my family here from out of town and they wanted to come back the next day. The salads and wraps are awesome. My mom loved the sweet potato tacos.
4	Good eats!
5	Ate here twice while on vacation. It's been a really long time since I gave a 5-star rating. I can't say enough good things, but I will say this - excellent food, staff, value. Very well thought out, and unique too! I'm very pleased to have found this place.
4	Good food but pretty expensive, particularly for lunch!
5	It was our last day in Scottsdale and had a long day of travel ahead. We decided to stop in at the Herb Box because it was a beautiful day out, it was walking distance from the office, and the food looked yummy!Thank you Yelpers, for this place did not disappoint! We shared the cilantro crab dip - creamy, crabby goodness that had just enough acidity to get our palates going. The plantain chips were an excellent touch - the perfect vehicle for all of that crabby yumminess. I had the burger (medium) on ciabatta. It was cooked perfectly, seasoned perfectly, and had the most amazing apple coleslaw to add crunch, bite, and contrast. These came with sweet potato chips which were absolutely addicting! We also shared a side of the gouda mac and cheese - very cheesy, but surprisingly not heavy at all!Our server was fantastic! Our waters never emptied, our soda/tea stayed full, and he always checked in at appropriate times. This was the best possible way to end our short trip :)
5	We were visiting from So Cal & went here on a co-workers recommendation. It was a perfect experience from start to finish. Our server Andy was both charming & helpful. On his suggestion, we ordered the Avocado Love & the Butternut Squash Enchiladas & they were both amazing!!! We will definitely be back on our next visit to Scottsdale - hopefully on a night Andy is working!
4	The Kitchen Manager at Cien Agave recommended The Herb Box as a place to check out while I was on business in Scottsdale. The place did not disappoint. I had a great lunch sitting at the outside bar, and the service was great. I'm a big fan of restaurants that support sustainability, so The Herb Box fit the bill. This is a solid choice.
5	This casual dining spot was a first time treat. The service was great, the outside dining ambiance comfortable and the food choices and preparation made for a perfect luncheon with friends. The produce is organic and locally grown (as much as it can be) and our sandwiches, salads and flatbreads were creative and tasty. I don't give out many "excellent" ratings but The Herb Box deserves one. The serrano-avocado shrimp salad was particularly good. Nice beer and wine list and creative cocktails as well. Can't wait to come back to the Valley from Wisconsin and try this place again.
5	This is my first five star rating.  I can't Wait Togo back.
1	I can't rate the experience because I didn't really get one. Here is what I can rate: I went to try H.B. for the first time on Monday (3/25). When I got there, they took my name and the host said 10 minutes. I came back 15 minutes later, and the same host said another 10 minutes. I came back 10 minutes later and a hostess said I still had 2 names ahead of mine and she apologizes "we are waiting for the servers to catch up"I looked inside and there were plenty of seats. I said "why not bring people off the curb and offer them drinks at least." To which she replied "sorry, just what my manager said"So I called Citizen Public House and they prepared a table for me on the spot. (IT WAS MONDAY) I won't be trying again. Figured I would mention it, as it could have been easily correctable: "hey can we get you a drink at the bar while you wait" or "Hey my apologies, we are very understaffed, can we seat you and offer you a beverage"
5	This was a great place! Thanks to all you Yelpers for giving it such a good rating. I arranged for a business lunch there and was wonderfully surprised. Great waiter, Brooks, took really good care of my colleague and I and the food was perfectly cooked. We ate outside next to the canal on a Patio that was covered. It was beautiful spring day and I will go back with family and friends anytime.Cheers and Bon Appetite!
4	Great patio dining! I enjoyed Easter breakfast with mimosas here and had a fabulous breakfast.
4	The steak salad was great! I would definitely head back here for lunch.
3	I met friends here for Sunday brunch last weekend.  Well, we actually met down the street at Breakfast Club, but the wait was 45 minutes, and we were already ravenous.  Zero wait at the Herb Box.  Yay!  Already off to a great start.  We grabbed a table indoors (patio was full).  I don't think the AC was on; we were all pretty sweaty in our seats.  I ordered the breakfast burrito with "laura g's award winning salsa" and a refreshing fruit salad.  It was good, but I've had better salsas.  Also ordered at our table were the breakfast brisket sandwich (impossibly messy but weighed in favorably with those who tried it), red velvet pancakes (good, but got soggy quickly), granola (A+) and coffees (also good).  And maybe something else I'm forgetting.  It was a successful brunch.  Perhaps a little overpriced, but you get some decent and innovative options to choose from.
5	Always a reliable source for delivering the best of flavors and quality to my clients for lunch! Organic and delish! Can't ask for more! I am very thankful for their consistent and prompt delivery.
3	I stopped here for a mojito while shopping Old Town.  Service was fast. But I don't get the raves about the menu.  Frankly it looked unimaginative.  But predictability sells, too.  The place could use some spiffing since it's showing wear from its many devoted patrons.
5	The Herb Box wowed this out-of-towner! Recently I was visiting some old friends in Phoenix and we had happy hour here. We sat outside on the patio and it couldn't have been more gorgeous. Nice comfy seats with umbrellas, picturesque, with a bubbling fountain nearby and plenty of greenery.The food was sublime for the most part. The waiter - super friendly and helpful - recommended the Avocado Love and we ordered two of those. I almost went back the next day just to get it. It was like an amazing salad bruschetta. My BF, a carnivore who makes it a point of not eating anything green, loved it. We also got the crab and cilantro dip. I loved the combination of cheesy crab and citrus and cilantro, though I would have liked the plaintain chips to be a big larger and more substantial (it was hard to pick up the dip with the flimsy scraps of chips). We also got the brisket sliders - looked awesome, the taste was solid but nothing to write home about - and the tacos (I didn't try those). The drinks were also delicious, especially the berry mojito.If I could have come back for dinner, I would have tried their vegetarian enchiladas. Next time!
4	This place is completely amazing service was great food was even better!! I finally had the red velvet pancakes and let me tell you it was everything I was hoping it would be, if you are wanting a great experience definitely check this place out.
4	We stopped in here for lunch. Despite the crappy weather that we had experienced the whole time of our visit, this place made me smile, the service made me smile and the food as well! I am very picky about service and food, may I just say it felt so nice not to have any complaints and the waitress was so sweet and accommodating. The potatoes with aioli are wonderful and I recommended getting the avocado and bread with fennel! Had a wonderful brunch!
3	We stumbled upon The Herb Box while walking around in old town, the patio space looked amazing and the menu was good so we stopped in. It was about 7:30 on a Saturday but they sat us right away. Off the bat it seemed like we were in for a great night, but once seated the night took a turn. First, we waited for at least 15 minutes for our waiter to even come over and take our drink order. It was clear he was overwhelmed because he asked to take our drink and food order at the same time. Not my favorite way to start what is suppose to be a romantic dinner. It took another 10 or 15 minutes to get the drinks we ordered and then we didn't see our sever again until half an hour after that when we got our food. It seemed like an exceptionally long wait to not be offered another drink.The my food was delicious, I had the enchiladas the large salad that came on the side was a great compliment. My husband had the ribeye, he ordered it medium rare and it came out pretty much bloody, it took the waiter about 10 minutes to come back and check in us, at that point my husband sent the steak back in to the grill. The server was really kind about this but then brought the steak back without a fork to eat it with, having learned by this point, I asked for a fork before he left our table and it still took 5 minutes to get it. Toward the end of the night our server chatted us up about beer and pot and chochella. We were down to talk, but him steering the convo toward pot because we are from CO was slightly unprofessional. Overall it seems like this place could be great if they polished the customer service and the attention to detail. I get that you are busy but as a customer I never want to feel your stress.
3	Beautiful patio dining when the weather is at its best. Chose Herb Box as my bday happy hour and had a delightful evening. Three drinks and many bites later, we strolled the nearby craft fest and Thursday Art Walk.  The HH drinks were great, the food and service was good. I go back for the bread pudding and the location.
4	Located in Old Town Scottsdale, I've been to this location a few times to meet colleagues for lunch.  It's a trendy spot for people to have lunch as it's always packed no matter what day it is.My favorite lunch item is the Turkey Ciabatta (Gouda Cheese, Smoked Bacon, Sweet Tomato, Roasted Red Pepper Aioli), $11.  It has a perfect blend of ingredients that has a combination of smoked & sweet flavors with the Turkey.  This is great for lunch because it's satisfying, but does not weigh you down during the afternoon.One of these days I will have to come back for dinner.  I tell myself that every time I have lunch here, but always seem to forget about it when we're looking for places to eat.Return Factor - 85%
4	First we are sitting outside in March. Lovely.  I will tell you about the food after we eat.  Oh my how time flies.  It has been awhile since our visit to Scottsdale and I wish I were there right now.  Good thing it is nice and sunny here in Colorado.My husband and I had a nice meal here.  I had the shrimp salad and a glass of white wine.  He had a sandwich but honestly do not remember which one it was.  The best part of the afternoon was it was a warm day there and I do believe it was snowing in Colorado.  The service was great and there were plenty of choices to choose from.  The building is nice and it is right on the outskirts of Old Towne.  Great shopping close by and one of my favorite malls is just around the corner.  I would say one perfect day in Scottsdale.
4	Good eats, good service.
4	Love their salads and atmosphere! Service is great, too. Stopped in for the first time, being new to Scottsdale, and really felt a lot like a Marin County (CA) casual place.Prices are a little higher than other similar places that serve great salads but the dressings are a lot better. Will definitely make this one of my favorites!
4	Been here several times, so quite puzzled how I never got around to writing a review. Maybe I just assumed everyone knew what a wonderful little place this was and reviews weren't needed.Well, just in case, this is a wonderful little place. I never have the same thing twice because everything is so tasty. This most recent trip I had their sweet potato tacos, which were full of flavor and texture. They have a lot of vegetarian, vegan, gluten-free, and other nutty (or nut-free) dietary choices, but that doesn't phase me. I'm a devoted carnivore, but will happily eat a vegetarian dish if it is well done. And The Herb Box does them well.Stop in for a nice, light lunch out of the heat and away from the bustle of the Scottsdale Mall. Well worth a trip!
4	I ate brunch there last Sunday. I had the red velvet pancakes.  Yumm!!!  The food, the waiter, the atmosphere and even the bathroom decor was 100% what a sunny, mimosa-filled brunch day in Scottsdale should be.  It was truly difficult to choose only one meal because the menu is fabulous.  They have a mimosa deal that if you get an entre and the mimosa deal, it's about $20 or so and it's as many mimosas you can drink.  They had four flavors: original (oj), grapefruit juice, cranberry and mango.  Their mimosas are mostly champagne, which made me extra happy!The waiter was very attentive and thoughtful despite the place being very busy.  And he, like many who work there, was easy on the eyes.The bathroom looks like something out of Alice in Wonderland or Regina's office on Once Upon a Time, i.e., black, white and mirrors.  Very nice/ elegant, although I was confused when I thought the wall was moving (just a mirrored door) to the stall.There was some good people watching going on that day.  I apparently didn't get the memo that it was pink day.  Lots of people wearing pink, even men in golf-style pink shirts.  A lot of the women looked over processed, but it's Scottsdale, so what do you expect?  It's fun to watch the scene.I would highly recommend this place to others.  The only down side is that I called and made a reservation ahead of time and they had no record of it, despite a 5 minute conversation to set up the reservation.  They still accommodated my part, however.
5	Amazing patio!! The signature drink list is absolutely awesome. Whiskey Smash is one of my favorites, whoever created it is a cocktail god! The food is out of this world! Service is great, and we were visited by the manager Lance. Andy our server kept us all laughing and making us want to stay for rounds of more drinks. The kid probably makes them $1000's a year alone just by keeping people in their seats listening to his comedic references and ordering more cocktails. Lance made sure everything was perfect and looks like he can handle just about any situation. The girl who I was with said his pants were just the right amount of tight, whatever that means.....
4	Great place, thai bbq ribs and green apple slaw to die for!!
5	Great pick for my wife's birthday dinner.  We've always wanted to try the Herb Box and found a great occasion.  The menu offers a wide range of foodie friendly comfort food that will satisfy the vegetarian and omnivore alike.  There was also a good list of mixed drinks.  I would recommend the sangria over the mojito.  I had the ribs and macaroni and cheese with bread crumbs.  The bread crumbs make it fancy.  There is some great outdoor seating when the weather is accommodating.  The restaurant is on the Scottsdale waterfront.  I don't quite get the fake herbs as a center piece of each table, but the restaurant does seem to be surrounded by an herb garden.  There's a bakery down stairs that makes some of the menu items.  I'm sure we'll be back, and may even take the parents next time they are in town, if you get my drift.
4	It was quite refreshing to walk into the Herb Box and not have to wait to be seated for an hour in old town Scottdale on a Sunday.  The ambiance is one thay feels fancy but yet its like the comfort of your home.The service received was exceptional, not only did the waitress knowledgable about the menu items she was able to make a recommendation so that I could try both of the items that I was debating.  Our water glasses were never empty. There was just the right amount of checking to ensure our meal was going well without being too intrusive.The food was more than what was expected.  Having heard great reviews from friends, I was not disappointed.  I tried the pork green chili dish. And I have to say that it actually has become my new favorite, which given its comparison is a huge compliment. I also got to sample the red velvet pancakes with both regular syrup and their special blend.  Wile being delicious by themselves they were phenomenal with the special blend syrup. Adding mango to the traditional orange juice mimosa was very tasty and was a fabulous compliment to the brunch.
4	I don't feel I can review the service properly because I have friends who work here.  But the food and drinks are fair game.I tried the Salmon Hash and the Red Velvet Pancakes. Both where very good.  I do prefer my salmon a little less well done than they are in the hash but I understand it would be difficult considering the way it must have been prepared.  The Red Velvet pancakes where a little rich for my taste but still very good.After moving out of Scottsdale I try not to venture back too often but friends and places like the Herb Box will keep me going back for awhile.
5	Such a pleasant experience I must say. I had brunch at this charming eatery while visiting Scottsdale over the weekend. It is located on the banks of the Arizona Canal offering fantastic menu with amazing selection for meat lovers as well as Veggie lovers.  I loved the interior decoration which remind me of a relaxing beach cottage. Our server was fantastic and very passionate and knowledgeable with the menu. The food was yummy and flavorful we ordered the following options: Urban market steak salad which was so good. Steak was done medium just as requested served with watercress, avocado, sweet red pepper, sugared pecans, bacon, sweet dried corn and house blue cheese vinaigrette. MY favorite: Serrano Garlic shrimp salad which was mouth watering and perfect amount of spice (not over powering) with Serrano chili, you can request the sauce to be on the side if you are afraid of spice. Shrimp were served over avocado toasts and wild arugula, crisp fennel, pancetta and lemon honey vinaigrette. We also had the breakfast steak and eggs, Stead was done to perfection and was served with potatoes. I will return when I am back in Scottsdale.
4	I absolutely loved finally getting to The Herb Box, after seeing it so many times of going to ArtBridge Thursdays in the Fall.  Four of us went, for an anniversary dinner.  Looking forward to it for days, and it was well worth going.  As said by others, the ambiance is beautiful... a perfect compliment for Scottsdale weather and surroundings.  We chose early dinner service on a Saturday, happily avoiding rushes or crowds.  The background music was just right too.   In 115 degrees, we only ever consider Inside seating!  So, we were very comfortable, especially with the chairs being wide and nicely cushioned.  Our service was good... very very good when he was at our table.  A few times, he was not around, so we had to ask another server for an extra aioli for the fingerlings, for extra napkins and waited a bit for refills on the raspberry hibiscus iced tea (a really nice tea).   We do not recall the server asking if we wanted refills on the two alcohol beverages.   The water service was on top of things though.  The server was very helpful with letting us know all about the menu... very very helpful with it being our first time.  Every time he was at our table, he was so nice and helpful.At our table, we had:Fingerling Potatoes with aioli---  Perfectly cooked... But, it was the first sign that I, personally, needed to ask the server to bring salt to the table.  (I always taste my food before adding salt... always hoping I don't need to.)  Cilantro-jalapeno edamame hummus, with grilled naan---  Very tasty!Butternut Squash Corn Enchiladas--- Good, would like to try something else next time, the server really really pushed it.Portobello manchego 'burger'--- DeliciousCoffee molasses glazed grilled pork chop--- Good but for about $24, it should have been more than 1 pork chop, coleslaw and two thin slices of sweet potato.Thai BBQ Baby Back Ribs--- Delicious especially the BBQ sauce on the ribs... it went well with the green apple slaw slices... the Smoked Gouda Mac & Cheese was very very light on the cheese and thank goodness for the panko, that made it worth eating... otherwise, I kinda kept looking for some aspect of it looking cheesy...  it did have a thin cheese sauce,(and it makes sense that this restaurant  does work hard at healthier options... so no blame to them.) I added salt, so that made it better, too.We all shared a dessert of Tres Leches cake with strawberries.  Very nice and they did make it seem like a lighter option.  A tasty ending.   All in all, very happy with going to The Herb Box... It seems picky to point out the details, but that's where the difference is between Great and WOW I CAN'T WAIT to go back.  This was a very very nice experience, wondering what it would be like to go again.   Oh, yes, it was SUPER GREAT to have such GREAT choices for our vegetarian friends.   That's a huge reason why we picked going there.
4	The butternut squash enchiladas are very tasty and the salad served with the dish is the perfect side. Fresh and yummy!
4	Consistent, high quality, wholesome food both at the restaurant and for catering.
5	We were looking for some modern, imaginative Southwestern cuisine for lunch, and we found exactly that at The Herb Box.Nearly all the menu items are creative, blending ingredients you're not likely to find elsewhere.   Five stars for imagination, for the kitchen's execution of these ideas, and for the well-organized and very attentive service (and this, 15 minutes before closing time.)The plantain chip and dip appetizer was a nice starter, with the chips themselves as interesting as the dip.  The two entree salads that came to our table were fulfilling and full of fresh leafy, crunchy, and meaty elements in good proportion (i.e enough greens, a generous portion of protein, and just the right amount of seeds and dried fruit).  The dark pepper-based house made dressing on the shrimp salad was notable for being slightly sweet but with a strong kick.  The grilled cheese comes with sweet potato chips, the latter being about the only thing on the table that could be considered just OK.  Portions are generous. For dessert, the strawberry shortcake dessert was enough for 3 or 4 people.  The shortbread was a had a biscuit-like texture but was very moist, a rare and welcome combination.  I only wish I could go back to see what "lemon meringue unpie" could be.    Good for kids? I would have guessed  "no" except that I've never seen my five-year-old put away a whole grilled-cheese sandwich, especially one on such interesting, "adult-oriented" dark and grainy bread.  The ice teas were remarkably good, to the point that I felt sorry for what my Coke-drinking table mates were missing.
5	Got here a little late, they were just about to close...but...the manager decided we could eat. And am I glad he did. The food is so good, the choices are so broad, and the fact that just minutes before close they sat us? Come one and come all, this is a place not to miss.
3	My girl friends and I visited Herb Box for Saturday Breakfast. Inside the decor is contemporary, bold yet comfortable. We made a reservation for 9:30am and arrived to an empty restaurant. Not that surprising since Scottsdale rarely rises for meals until closer to 11am. Considering we were one of three patrons I expected some over the top service. Not so much. The servers for the other two tables looked prompt, concerned and courteous. Our server seemed pretty stuck up and dismal. Frankly at 9:30am, I'll take my coffee without a side of pretentiousness thank you. Regardless of our lack luster server or whoever she was, we ordered our breakfast.I ordered the simple good morning, served with eggs, bacon, white cheddar, avocado, tomato and toast.  It was "meh". Not bad, not great. A good option if you are in the mood for a lighter meal without going sideways and too adventurous. Note to Box: at least ask your table if they want salt and pepper. Never heard of a restaurant without the basic condiments. I also ordered a cappuccino (pretty good by the way) and mimosa (for $8, go elsewhere in S-dale for the competitors who understand the value of a cheap mimosa even if its not Sunday brunch.) Overall Herb Box was OK, no real complaints, no real dazzle.
4	The food was very good and we liked that there were several vegetarian items.
3	This place has a great atmosphere. I feel the food was a little too complicated Sometimes less is more. I don't know what it is that was missing I just have eaten there twice and never walked away thinking I had a great meal. I would go there again for a cocktail and the atmosphere I'm not a meal..
2	Our food was OK, but my wine (a California Pinot Noir) was undrinkable.  The server was uninterested in whether anyone at our table liked or disliked anything.  Any decent server would have noticed that my glass of wine was barely touched!
4	Our food was excellent! Our server on the other hand...... well, he was just plain uninterested. He was friendly and charming but he forgot about us several times. I'm sure our food was ready but other tables who arrived later than we did received their food first. Like I said, food was excellent, atmosphere great and as long as you don't get our server, you will have a smooth dinner/lunch.  I would come back again.
1	Good food....BUT....the catering manager is rude and unprofessional.  I ran in after the gym to grab a catering menu as I was considering throwing a baby shower there.  HELL NO!  I guess since I was in gym clothes, no jewlery etc. she must have thought that I could not afford her ridiculously over priced quote...$2700 min for half of the patio for a SUNDAY?  Unless it's at 9am she will give me a better price?  hahaha...I thought I was on candid camera....good luck with that.
4	I went here only once with a friend and I was blown away by not only the food but also the service. Our waiter was incredibly friendly and definitely made eating lunch a delight.The location is nice as well as it is situated right next to the canal. You can people watch if you decide to sit outside and not worry about the heat because they have the misters.I think in general, its a great way to start a weekend. Eat your lunch and then finish it off by walking to the mall or through downtown.
5	I was here for lunch and I tried the gipsy soup. It was really good: hot, creamy, tastefull. My hubby ate Ahi tuna salad which was very nice presented and very good and my friend choose a salmon sandwich with sweet potatoes which was very good as well ( the bread especially was really good).I love the atmosphere, their decorations ( the lady bathroom is so glam ) and the location. I definitely will come back.
5	The Herb Box is my go to in Old Town Scottsdale.  Go for the sweet potato tacos... they will never let you down.  For a quick bite on the go you can always stop by the marketplace which is always stocked with wraps, salads, and the like.  Always fresh and always good.
3	I want to love this restaurant.  It is in a great location.  The decor and atmosphere are excellent.  The food was even mostly impressive (two out of our four meals were stellar; one was awful; the other was passable).  There are so few inventive, original restaurants with vegetarian/vegan options, so please fix your problems and thrive!The service was absolutely lousy.  I think we got the same male waiter listed by another reviewer.  He would disappear for 15 minute blocks of time.  It took him multiple promptings to refill a wine glass (this is a huge missed revenue opportunity for both the server and restaurant).  I'm sure it was not all his fault.  The food took forever to come out and there where few people in the restaurant.  I wonder if the kitchen was struggling.  It took 20 minutes for a cheese plate!  The owner came out at one point but didn't seem to notice or care that one of us had not touched his "medium" burger that was raw.  She didn't ask if everything was okay or question the uneaten food.  Good restaurants notice these things and ask why.  Otherwise you can guarantee you've got a table that will not return.  I will come back and try again.  I hope these problems are resolved and I can simply enjoy what should be an exemplary restaurant.
5	Love this place! The food and drinks are amazing!
1	It was okay. The food came late and the drinks were mixed up. It's okay if you want to spend $15 on a salad with mostly greens and not much else. Overly priced and the rib eye us full of fat!
5	This place was excellent! It's something unique, and definitely nailed the way to please everyone's palette. There were choices for the picky vegans to the pork lovers. Unique pairing of flavors to leave your tongue desiring more. There was freshness and a lack of guilt when I left. Will definitely visit next time I'm in Scottsdale!
2	Went here with a friend the other night and our food was excellent!  However, the service was the worst I've had in a long time.  The waiter took 20 minutes to bring us water and take our order.  The manager came over to fill both of our water AND wine glasses that had run dry because the service sucked so bad.  When we mentioned how we had been abandoned, she offered to take our order which turned out to be the wrong food being brought out. And our original waiter came over to apologize for his service being so bad because he had "big parties to wait on."  As if our little table of two was not important.
2	Food was great in theory, but don't expect any dietary restrictions you have to be competently accommodated. Example: can't eat most grains, so ask for the shrimp on the salad to be grilled (rather than battered and fried), and the avocado not to be on toast. Shrimp grilled, but avocado appears mashed and spread on toast AND the server failed to mention that the fennel on the salad is also battered and fried. This silliness happened after I had already asked about tweaking two other items to be to accommodate dietary restrictions, and was told that everything is "made fresh" except for, apparently, those other two items.This appears to be part-and-parcel of the service problems referred to by other reviewers; our service was also extraordinarily SLOW. One member of our party waited 10 minutes for his food after the rest had been delivered. To top it off, I'm not really sure what the restaurant is doing having the gardener moving around whatever buckets and cloths and chemicals/pesticides he's using in the immediate vicinity of actively eating tables. It's not like the place is open for breakfast during the week, couldn't the owners have scheduled plant maintenance for a morning?
4	My boyfriend and I have been here a few times and the food is always very fresh, good with lovely presentation.  The service is very friendly and timely.  Often, there is live music and the outdoor seating is comfortable and wonderful when in the cooler months. This is definitely on our "keeper" list.  Check it out!
5	My boyfriend and I work at the mall right across from here and were so delighted to have found it! The first time we got the pita chips and hemp hummus, as well as the smoked Gouda macaroni and cheese. DELISH! The second time we got the sweet potato chips and they were perfectly sweet, salty, and crunchy. Great food, and nice staff. Great place for a quick snack or lunch!
5	Was in town for the weekend and grabbed lunch on a Friday with my girlfriend.  Sat outside and service was excellent. We shared the avocado toasts and the butternut squash enchiladas and both had a glass of the Sauvignon Blanc.  Everything was truly amazing.  I almost wanted to go back over the weekend!  Loved it!
4	A couple weeks back I drove down to AZ to visit my pledge sister from my college sorority days.  She has been on a quest to find some of the best restaurants in AZ before she moves back home at the end of the school year. The Herb Box popped onto her list after yelping and hearing other talk about it.  She didn't have to twist my arm to go here for Sunday Brunch, especially when she mentioned Red Velvet Pancakes (funny thing is I didn't even order them once I saw their yummy menu)My other friend and I decided to share two dishes, because it isn't every day that we find ourselves in Arizona and there were just too many things to choose just one.  We decided one sweet and one savory to be well balanced!For the sweet:Cinnamon buckwheat pancakes (9) served with wild blueberries and strawberries, smoked applewood bacon, and whipped honey butter.  I am definitely a fan!  As intrigued as I was by the Red Velvet Pancakes, I'm happy that my friend went with these pancakes instead.  They were the perfect balance of sweet and not too sweet.  Also the buckwheat made me feel like I was being a little healthier without it tasting healthier.  Now I'm not a bacon fan, (*gasp* yes not everyone loves bacon) but everyone else who does like bacon loved theirs.For the savory:I picked the smoked salmon hash (14) that came with crisp fingerlings, pancetta bacon, scallions, fried capers, aioli, and soft egg.  I know, that I just said I didn't like bacon but I picked a dish with pancetta bacon...but I love smoked salmon so I couldn't resist.  I could definitely taste the bacon but I thought it went well with everything else so I didn't mind.  I really enjoyed this dish and if you likely hearty salty goodness in the morning or for brunch would recommend trying this outNot only was the food great their decor was also really fun and stylish.  There was several vintage pieces with a twist that gave it a very modern feel.  Also their bathrooms had some of the most interesting sinks that I'm having a hard time describing ...I wish I took a picture.Overall, a great find by my friend.  If I lived in Scottsdale, I would go back without a doubt.
4	Good salads, sandwiches, etc. Nice atmosphere. Nice Sunday brunch place too.
4	Brunch at The HerbBox was overall tasty!! Smoked salmon hash was perfect for a great savory dish. The portobello manchego burger was unfortunately burnt/charred around the edges. The bourbon ginger peach brioche French toast was equivalent to a dense bread pudding - a nice brunch dessert! To top it off, l enjoyed outside seating, great weather while listening to live music!
3	Lovely place for an outdoor glass of wine when the weather is nice. The ambiance is a bit manufactured but what to you expect on a canal bank called The Scottsdale Waterfront. LOL
3	I was pretty disappointed with this place! Maybe its because I had high expectations after everything I've heard. The menu was pretty weak and I was surprised at the lack of variety. I ordered a flatbread pizza and it was good but pretty pricey! I'd probably go back but I'm not in a rush,  hopefully next time it's a better experience.
5	Trendy, inventive spot in Old Scottsdale serving creative southwestern cuisine.  With patio seating in the front and back, and generous seating indoors there don't appear to be bad places to sit.  Decor is classy and the food yummy.  Lots of options for vegetarians and gluten-free dieters.  I had the butternut squash and corn enchiladas which came with a side salad and were quite tasty.  My husband had the short rib tacos which were also nice.  Our server was a bit odd, but overall did a nice job.  When ordering a beer we asked for suggestions and he said, "Yeah, it's a good beer.  Convinced me to switch from bud light"  While not a roaring endorsement for a boutique beer, it was still a good suggestion.While there might not be lots of child-friendly food items on the menu, the restaurant is child-friendly and appropriate with plenty of room around tables for a high chair and not too quiet to bring well-behaved little ones.
4	This place is hit or miss. I love the food, the menu has a great selection, however I have had some bad experiences here. I took my mom here one afternoon and the service was horrible, we sat at our table and waited forever before we even got water and when we finally got our food it was cold. I have been here before and usually have good experiences so I'll let this one go and give them a try again
2	For Sunday brunch:Issues mostly related to poor service and it was not crowded yet. One of our orders was incorrect and the waitress never checked to see if things were ok. The temp and texture of our food led us to believe it had been sitting out a while. I was never asked if I wanted more coffee and it was never offered. Even when waitress came to give us the bill she never inquired about the meal and at that point we just wanted to get on with our day. All in all pretty lousy experience that was not worth the $$. We don't plan on returning.
4	Went for a very nice midweek lunch.  The location can't be beat...  right on the waterfront in Old Town Scottsdale.  You can sit outside on the patio and enjoy a water view.  We started with a Bloody Mary (pretty good) and a specialty cocktail (can't remember which one and their online menu isn't current).  For lunch we got the Korean fried cauliflower, the mac n cheese and the pear and Gorgonzola flat-bread.   Everything was good - especially the smoked Gouda mac n cheese, which is delicious...  with a nice crisped top and tons of cheesy goodness.  My pear and Gorgonzola flat-bread was also a highlight, with a nice crisp crust.  The menu is interesting and just borders on the verge of being a little too vegan/healthy for me.  Non health nuts will find some things to eat, but your choices are a little limited.  Service was friendly and efficient.  Bathrooms are over designed (you'll get soaked attempting to use their modern concept sink - which is pretty but completely nonfunctional) and too small and dark.  I would recommend if you're visiting Old Town Scottsdale.
3	Definitely a very nice place with good food options, but I think a little too expensive. It is cute and is in Old Town, so that's probably why the prices go up, but still. I came in on a Friday for an early lunch (seated by 11:30 am) and our service took quite some time. One of the salad orders was also messed up, and the waitress tried to cover it up and explain it away instead of just doing something about it, but it was eventually comped. I had the portabella burger with a side salad (an expensive side salad I might add, practically the cost of ordering the house salad but 1/3 of the size). It was fine, not mind blowing, but not terrible either. The mushroom was a little on the chewy side, and I wish they had put more of the flavorful aioli on it because the bun was very thick (and so much less flavorful).
3	Nice location and restaurant, however it's overpriced. The chargrilled tenderloin was not tender, slightly tough and chewy. Only 4 sm pieces in the entree priced at 25.00The waitress was not familiar with menu or ingredients. When we asked about the boston cream that was supposedly in the dossants (dessert), she admitted there wasn't any even though the menu listed it. That would have been nice to know before ordering. The other dessert Crack Pie, was cold and seemed to be thawing out. Not what I was expecting, I inquired about it and the server took it back to the kitchen where I'm certain it was warmed in the microwave. Oh yeah, the plastic green plant on the tabletops were not overly impressive either.
3	Great ambiance in the heart of Scottsdale.  We started with the Korean Fried Cauliflower, which was quite tasty.  I got the lentil ricotta *meatballs* + lemony kale-basil pesto which were pretty average.  Others at my table got the butternut squash corn enchiladas harissa-honey glazed pork tenderloin + celeriac puree which were better meals.  All in all, no one raved about their meals but it was a nice ambiance.
4	Me and my date were only table in restaurant. Server was very attentive. Almost to a fault. Sometimes you just wanna be left alone to chat. But really I can not hold it against them for caring. Once I expressed that we were good and wanted time to chill they let us be. Food was good, but more to my dates liking than mine. Overall pretty good.
4	Great food!  Service was excellent as well even despite the fact that my waiter was blatantly on his first day--lol many times coming back to do things he could've done on his first visit because he forgot. I ordered the cilantro-crab dip with plantain chips to start. I should've been less greedy as the menu clearly stated apps to SHARE. Nonetheless, it was delicious with lumps of crab swirled in throughout. Definitely recommend!My main was the goat cheese? And capicola (sp) flatbread topped with crispy kale. My kale was burnt beyond recognition but I just threw it to the side a munched away. Very crunchy flatbread, which is a must, and great ingredients. WAs really tasty!  Would definitely eat here again if I were visiting again. Would love to try brunch.
4	This place is really a quality establishment. Food is unique and really, really good. Love their outdoor patio seating.
2	The ambiance is very nice, it does have a good location but the food is not all that. My Salmon was on the dry side, the Arugula salad had no flavor, they just put cheese on it and the pork ribs were ok but not the greatest. It wouldnt be my first or second pick if where to eat again. Sorry guys! But the waitresses were very sweet n nice!
3	I always wanted to try Herb Box and went in today on business to talk to the manager. The hostess was very rude however, and would not put me into contact with the manager nor did she offer me a table. Because of my negative experience with the rude staff, I will not be trying Herb Box.
4	Love, love, love The Herb Box!  Great place for lunch.  The whole atmosphere is so inviting and especially when it's cold outside and the fireplace it's so inviting.  The place is so relaxing and I don't feel like I am crowded in.Came here after the Scottsdale Farmers Market for a little lunch and the experience was great.  The food selection salads, soups, grilled pizza's and the kids menu was all up to expectation.
5	Loved this place. Small but unique and diverse menu. The restaurant has a really near look to it, the nicest public rest room I have ever seen and the servers bend over backwards to be accommodating. Parking is easy too and there isn't much of a wait. This one definitely stays on my list of go to brunch spots.
2	I am really into good tasting food and this place lacked just that, taste. Everything was just bland. I should have known as soon as the waitress told me not to order the skirt steak. The service was lacking as well.
5	I absolutely loved this place and my entire experience. My ZenJen cocktail was one of the best I've had recently- perfect combination of sweetness and tang. For shared plates we had the Avocado Love and the Cilantro-lime crab dip.  The Avocado Love comes with a mulitgrain toast under a sea of arugula and avocado. Initially the plantain chips that came with the crab dip were a bit soft, but the waiter promptly and graciously replaced with with crispier ones. The cilantro-lime crab dip itself was impressive. It is entirely pureed with an exquisite combination of flavors that were well-complimented by the plantain chips. The bf had to keep telling me "you've already said that" every time I gushed about how much I loved both dishes.The portions of the small plates were actually so large that we almost wanted to cancel our main entree of Baby back ribs. The ribs were so tasty though that I somehow made room for them. They come with a bowl of gouda mac and cheese, with a crumbly top just the way I like it. I wish I had room for dessert since the dessert menu seemed very interesting. Overall, swanky ambience, with a good crowd of people without being overly loud. I loved everything we had and wanted to explore even more on the menu. Compliments to the chef for a very fresh, creative, delicious menu. This is one of the best dining experiences I've had in a while. Excellent, friendly service.Better to make a reservation if coming on a Friday/Saturday night.
4	Sweet potatoes everywhere! Nice treat
3	Very lively outside sitting area that I really enjoy , but unfortunately food monotone and completely lack in spices or herbs  despite restaurant  name . My short ribs taco was good portion with great meat amount but completely lacking in salt, paper and all other spices and herbs, not me not or  my wife was able to finish our dishes secondary to that
4	Stopped in on Sunday morning after just moving to the area. Had the eggs and bacon and shared the red velvet pancakes. Everything was amazing. The pancakes are to die for. It was quiet and relaxing. We enjoyed the service and the food and will definitely be going back soon!
3	3* for the service 31/2* for the food 5* for using fresh ingredients but it wouldn't kill you to make it taste good.
1	worst food, got sick on the gross egg dish, there was also hair in the food.  Too noisy and cold, will not go here again.  Had guests and they were disappointed also.
5	We enjoyed the Serrano Shrimp salad and the exceptionally tasty Salmon BLT. The flash fried fingerling potatoes were amazing. Great seats on the patio for Sunday brunch. One of the best meals of our Scottsdale trip!!!
5	They have AMAZING teas and food! Mix any of the teas with Mango and it's awesome! The workers are so nice and the vibe inside and out is really cool and relaxing!
5	Ate take-out from the Herb Box two days in a row and really liked everything we had...we really did a tour de menu.The highlights were the Korean Cauliflower, the Brussels Sprouts flatbread, the Salmon BLT, and the Salmon Hash. All were interesting, fresh, unique, and tasty. We also liked the Date Cake and Avocado Toast.Lovely atmosphere, nice servers, great locations...I'd go back any time.
5	My 22-year-old daughter and I thoroughly enjoyed our dinner on the patio on 2/13/14.  Our waitress enthusiastically guided us through the menu options, and we feasted on a wonderful assortment of dishes, including the Korean cauliflower, beet & orange salad, lentil meatballs over spaghetti squash, roasted brussel sprouts and gouda mac'n cheese.  Fortunately, the Thursday evening Art Gallery Walk allowed us to slowly work off our fine meal.  Lovely experience all around!
5	We ate at The Herb Box after walking by and noticing the cute patio by the canal.  The experience was wonderful!  We had an attentive waiter, Howie, who dealt with my food allergies.  We started out with a wonderful cocktail with meyer lemons.  We had the beet salad and the roast grapes bruschetta for small plates.  A great start followed by the sublime roasted chicken with tomato/gorgonzola butter, green bean/fingerling potato salad and roasted brussels sprouts.  We finished with beetroot chocolate cake. Yumm!  Just writing it makes me want to eat it all over again.
4	First time in Scottsdale. I walked from the Firesky Resort to the an area full of restaurants, couple of blocks from the hotel. I'm so glad my group pick the Herb Box. We started with the Korean Cauliflower and I order the Thai baby back ribs for my meal. The Korean cauliflower tasted like a traditional Korean fried chicken, but cauliflower. The ribs were great, but I have to admit that the highlight of the meal was the Mac and Cheese. Best Mac and cheese I've eaten. Another plus is the big food portion. Overall, great restaurant and I highly recommend this restaurant.
2	I don't understand it people I will pay the price just provide me with the portions and the taste that's all I ask. I had a couple drinks appetizer, salad and a hair in my girlfriends sandwich.  This place claims to be American, that serves Mediterranean style dishes. Definitely not Mediterranean tried the Mezza sampler tasted like paste and chickpeas blended. Their organic salad was nothing special definitely way overpriced, lacking taste, for the price they better have used sea salt organic olive oil's and free range chicken that is non-GMO fed and I highly doubt they do that. Whatever, 72 dollors down the drain. On to the next place.
4	This is one of my favorite brunch spots. The patio is so pleasant and there is usually a DJ. We sat and chatted for hours- the best part of brunch! We all enjoyed our food. Lots of mimosa options.My only issue was that we were told we'd get a text when our table was ready. We never got a text and went to check with the hostess. She said she texted us but took us off the list because we didn't respond. We were like 2 feet away....annoying. There were clearly tons of open tables and they didn't even call our name.
3	Erin had a very confusing Sunday yesterday. To set the mood off, I was SOOO excited to meet some GFs for Sunday fare at Geisha A-Go-Go. Didn't realize they didn't open until late afternoon (it was 1pm). Any true sushi fanatic can tell you, when the heart wants sushi, it wants sushi.But we made our "Plan B" option as The Herb Box. Okay, great! Still want sushi, but am excited to try this new place.Well, as it turns out - I thought the little place on the corner was The Herb Box - it's not. That's the Herb Box Market! Not a lot of seating outside either. This was all let out in the open when I couldn't find my damn friends at the hostess station. Thought the girl who took my order was rather aloof, but did learn she was pretty new on the job so I cut her major slack. Ordered their Breakfast Burrito - it was good, but nothing to write home about. My GFs had buckwheat pancakes and pulled pork street tacos. I'll go back - but this time - to the real McCoy, as their patio furniture was a bit stained and weathered.
2	Okay, worst service I have experienced in a while. Bartender was rude... we were a group of 20-30 year olds and he treated us like we were a pain in the ass and made obnoxious comments suggesting we were poor and wouldn't be able to afford our choices.... like WTF, do your job and get over the fact we didn't order a soda and you actually have to do something. Once we were sat, (after being told by the hostess that we wouldn't be able to sit outside on the patio for over an hour.. which remained empty for the entire hour we were there) we sat down and still hadn't received our drinks from the bartender.... we probably sat there for 10 minutes waiting for any member of staff to acknowledge us and then had to go and grab ourselves glasses of the service table. 30 minutes later he takes our food order... food came in a relatively prompt fashion, but was mediocre. I love the effort, the menu is enticing and healthy but was no way wow, or mouth watering. Maybe try dinner. To sum this experience up.... disappointing. There are MUCH better places to eat in the Scottsdale area.
2	I've been to the Herbox many times in the past. On this visit I was disappointed in the menu.  The menu was blah not the same. The usual wait staff not present & friendly. This use to be one of my favorite places in Scottsdale not sure now. Hope things go back the old way.
3	The salmon was delicious as was the chefs plate appetizer of hummus & pita, but the waiter left something to be desired. He kept trying to clear our table before we were finished with each course and the wine glass was filthy. Sitting out on the patio was really nice in the evening. I'd give it another try.
4	Really enjoyed this restaurant recommended to us by our golf cart cabbie guy.very pretty great location overlooking the waterfront and some cool art installations.lots of vegetarian options and reasonably priced for scottsdale.nice waiter too.we had the veggie nosh and recommend it.
4	Beautiful and lovely brunch on the patio today, 75% of our 4 meals were great...service was pretty good. Great ambiance and location. Prices a little more expensive then they should be, but we'll go again I'm sure.
5	Hubs & I were in town from Boston (me on business, him for golf) and I got a tip from a coworker to try this place. I am so glad we did because it was awesome. I got the lentil ricotta *meatballs* + lemony kale-basil pesto. It was delicious. Hubs got butternut squash corn enchiladas. They were out of this world. The location is fabulous, the food was amazing & not your same-old same-old. Very inventive, very creative & just downright great.
5	Decided to go back last night with my wife, parents & friends for dinner. This time it was great like the times I've been there before:). The food was great atmosphere was excellent. We had a excellent waitress by the name Amanda who was very attentive & friendly:).
3	I really wanted to like this place.  The concept is wonderful, everything is farm fresh, organic, and/or vegetarian.  My mouth watered at the words on the menu.  But, alas, my love never came to be.  We started with the mezza platter, which is basically a board with two giant scoops of hummus and a few olives for pizazz.  They are crazy stingy with the pita bread.  They seriously give you enough hummus to feed a country, and then one slice of pita cut into four small triangles.  You are left with a gallon of hummus and nothing to eat it with.  The kicker is that they charge you 3 bucks to get another small dish of pita bread so you can continue to eat your bland hummus.  On the bright side, we found a weird plastic nozzle in the middle of our hummus, so that got comped.  (If you consider finding a weird plastic thing in your food a bright side, that is)  The Gouda mac n' cheese was OK.  The butternut squash enchiladas were... you guessed it... OK.  Neither were bad, but they weren't great either.  It didn't make much impact.    My stars are bumped up to three because the atmosphere is to die for.  We sat on the patio, surrounded by beautiful trees and herbs like rosemary and lavender wafting in the air.  We had a view of the canal and it was a beautiful day.  The lovely decor gives this place an edge, but the food itself was really just.... meh.
4	Great place for sandwich or salad! Turkey with brie is an awesome way to go. Steak salad is fantastic as well. Great happy hour.
5	Food was unreal! Menu doesn't do it justice since at first glance it's hard to image the flavers going on. Had the Korean Cauliflower and Thai BBQ Ribs. Both we're amazing! Great atmosphere as well, especially on a Thursday/Sunday night since they have live tunes outside on the bridge. Server and Bartender were great as well!
4	I love the cafe.  It's great if you wanna get a quick lunch.  They have lunch for $11 two sides and a main dish. I love the butternut squash enchiladas and the beat salad yummy!  All organic and fresh.
5	I get coffee at the Herb Box every day before I start my long day. I will not go anywhere else,I Love Herb Box Coffee. Try the sugar free white chocolate latte.
4	The Herb Box is my kind of restaurant.  Everything on their menu looked appealing, and fresh, with lots of veggies.  My friend and I split the mezze and the brussel sprout flatbread sans pancetta.  Both were excellent, but the real star was the flatbread, the combination of cheese and roasted garlic was delectable.  We also had mimosas along with our meal, and with mango instead of orange juice, they felt extra special.  The service here was great, and they had a nice outdoor patio to enjoy your meal on.  The location in the middle of Scottsdale can't be beat either.
4	I love this place. I have been here many times and as a hotel employee in the neighborhood, I send countless guests there. The food is delicious. My only complaint is that the waitstaff Is a bit slow to get to the table when you first get there. Also, I recently told the manager that I send tons of people to his restaurant. My concierge told me not to do it if they don't do anything for me. But I love the food, so even though he didn't even offer me a free drink, I will continue to send people here since it is amazing food.
5	Just had lunch at the old Scottsdale location.  We had skinny margaritas, short rib tacos and the Serrano shrimp Salad.  The food was outstanding and the service was Very good.   Highly recommend This spot for lunch.We will definitely come back!
5	The upstairs restaurant is super.  Delicious food.. and the coffee is STELLAR!We have been going to the more casual downstairs dining area for a simple breakfast.They can get all the stuff on the upstairs menu... but casual seating outside.Great people watching.Fantastic staff.
5	The herb box is one of my favorite places to take a date. Staff is extremely courteous an the food is always phenomenal. Could not be happier with the services provided.
4	This is a very tasty place with fresh, local ingredients rather than a super healthy place.  It had far fewer vegetarian/pescetarian options than I expected, but still plenty of tasty choices.  Everything is delicious, and the trendy atmosphere, friendly waitstaff and beautiful patio round out an excellent experience.  I love the Portobello Manchego burger - it's postively bursting with flavor and comes with a giant side of humus.  We've also had the sweet potato tacos (delicious! but a smallish portion size for the price and lack of meat/fish).  The mac and cheese is really lovely and gourmet, and fingerling potato salad is delicious (although, don't expect a "salad" - see photo).  Our vegan friend has thoroughly enjoyed the nosh board (note:the pitas at HB aren't vegan and they don't come with the nosh board, but if you're vegan, you can't order some on the side).  I haven't tried the enchiladas and the salmon dish looks fancy (but has a fancy price to match), so there are only a few things that I can order.  As a result, I can't come here very often for dinner.  Looking forward to trying brunch sometime soon.PS The ladies restroom is worth a visit!
5	Delicious!!!I came here with some friends, and I ordered the Kobe burger. My, it was so fantastic. It had a ciabatta bun, I think, and the burger was cooked to perfection. In addition, it was pleasantly paired with these fingerling potatoes. They were so well prepared, like mini baked potatoes. And the there were so many, I shared with the whole table. My friend ordered the cauliflower appetizer and it was so savory and delicious, and I just wish I knew how to prepare vegetables to become like these. My friend also ordered the braised beef which was so soft and buttery. My friends also raved about the corn and goat cheese pizza and the Gorgonzola pizza, which I intend to try next. The server was also the bartender and was very knowledgeable with wine. She recommended this cab wine and it was so delicious. We also sat outside, which was doable because of the surrounding misters, and we we're entertained by the lice music. Great time!
4	Was great the first time, but we went on Mothers Day 2014 and the service and the food was not up top par. The more we asked for the correct order seems as they intentionally made it worst.
5	This was my favorite restaurant when I lived in Scottsdale! I've been many times and have loved everything I ever had there, but the pear and Gorgonzola flatbread was my favorite! I also loved the butternut squash enchiladas. All the appetizers are delicious-- especially the avocado toasts! This place has a very nice ambiance and nice, modern decor. It is sure to please both vegetarians and meat-eaters, alike! The food is high quality and generally much healthier than other restaurants. The service has always been great as well! Do yourself a favor and get to the restaurant ASAP!
3	Almost completely unimpressed. The menu is pretty interesting but doesn't contain nearly as many vegan/vegetarian options as I thought it would. The cocktails are probably the best part about the menu. Every drink is a modern take on a classic. My girlfriend and I had a vegan platter that game with a couple small dishes of hummus, green beans, and something else that I can't recall. All were fairly good but it was twenty bucks for two people to feel mildly full. I usually don't complain about the size of the dishes (Americans are obviously confused about portion size compared to the rest of the planet, save for Mexico) but these were just...tiny. They were served in sauce cups or something.The service was fine, but the guys who were working when I came through were the type you'd expect to find at a local bar like Hi-Fi or RnR. Tattooed, heavily-gelled hair and talking to the girls at the bar pretty much constantly. The decor is easily the coolest thing about the restaurant. It sits on the second floor by that bridge in old town Scottsdale, and at night it was a romantic place to have a fifty-dollar dinner that didn't fill me up.
5	I love it anytime I can grab a yummy salad.  And I did right here!  The grilled chicken, with bacon, avacado, gouda cheese with house dressing was to die for!  It's definitely a cool place with cool people.
5	Delicious foodPleasant atmosphereFriendly staffI really like the convenience of the market.
4	Stopped here for a light brunch. Instant fan. The atmosphere was great, very quick and attentive service. The food was great and we almost had no wait. Overall just a pleasant experience, we aren't from Arizona so it was nice to experience local eateries while down there!
4	Yay for finding another fantastic restaurant with exciting vegetarian options! This place is great, can't wait to come back. Both the service and food were excellent.Our server was great, I had never been before and she was friendly and attentive. There was a bit of a wait here, took a while to get our food. I was debating between the Butternut Squash Enchiladas or the Sweet Potato Tacos. Our server recommended the Sweet Potato Tacos, so I ordered those. Sweet potatoes are my favorite vegetable, and I was glad I chose to order the tacos. They were very fresh and flavorful. Herb Box is pricey though! I do get it though, since the ingredients are fresh and whatnot.I would love to come and try the brunch, these reviews make it sound delicious!
4	I don't give places 5 stars cuz there's nothing perfect about anything. However this place comes very close. The hostess was welcoming, the dining room is beautiful and perfectly lit. The chairs are not your average dining chair and they are more than comfortable. Presentation is spectacular and the taste is divine. This is a great place to take a date or do a business lunch. It's very impressive. The salmon was very good, a little sweet for my taste but you'd love it. Everything was up to par and I have no complaints. Definitely will be back
4	Ok spot but not life changing or really special.  I ordered the salmon and the portion was relatively small and I had to order more food.  I'm not a big eater either but this stuck out at me.  I then ordered some sweet potato chips and these were actually pretty decent as they were not covered in sugar.  Anyways, atmosphere was a winner too and staff was very friendly and attentive.
5	I was in Scottsdale for my bachelorette weekend and this was the place my MOH, bridesmaids and usherettes chose for our first lunch in town.  Being a health nut, this was the perfect choice! The location was ideal, the decor and ambiance inside the restaurant was relaxed and very inviting.  I ordered the sweet potato tacos and tried one of the short rib tacos and they were both amazing!  Everything tasted very fresh, the portions weren't overwhelmingly huge (I'm from Texas, so everything is HUGE!), and the presentation was beautiful.  I also had a sip of the mango lemonade which is made fresh daily and it was delicious!  I forgot our waitress' name but she had a European accent and she was very helpful!  She was very knowledgable about all the menu items and even spent some time talking to us about where she was from while learning a little bit about us.  If I'm ever in town again, I'll definitely be coming back!
4	Enjoyed this late lunch. Art fair nearby so very busy today. White bean chicken chile soup good. My cup was very small Frank's bowl was very large for two dollar difference. Pear, Gorgonzola flatbread good but we would have preferred crust a bit crisper. We would go there again.
5	Great place fresh, creative, Farm to Table but not pretentious! I don't eat red meats/pork. The Butternut squash w cotija cheese enchiladas topped w Tomatilla sauce was so delicious!
5	The drinks are great and the food is delicious!!! The chicken blt is amazing!! I am definitely coming back ;)
5	great service!  Matt the bartender works on Sundays and is a great guy.  We come to see him every weekend!  Love the food
5	Great food and aunday brunch. We come here all the time and the food and service are always great.
4	Looking for a new alternative is Scottsdale. Wandered in here on a hot Saturday in August. Comfortable ambiance, good food and jet-fueled bartender. Had the short rib enchiladas. They were great, but the accompanying salad was even better. Their wine list was a little lite on the French side and they don't have any craft beers that I could find.  And, grab a table. The bar stools aren't designed for comfort - at least for 60 year old guys. I'll be back for sure.
5	Great food and great service. We came for brunch so it wasn't busy. As we were leaving it started to get more crowded (around noon). We ordered the salmon hash (the salmon was excellent), baby kale omelette which came with the best Brie, the buckwheat pancakes (the maple syrup was so good), and the potato fingerlings with a yummy sauce.
1	Just had brunch there today. First of all I have eaten at the location in DC a few times, food is excellent. So this time for my Mothers birthday we decided to try the Scottsdale one. First thing we asked our server "are there any specials" she said No, so we placed our orders & ordered a bottle of Prosecco as we all wanted a glass of champagne! She brought wine glasses, so we asked for champagne glasses, she said they were all out of them because of the Mimosa $5.00 brunch special? Um didn't we ask if they had any specials?? So We did try to talk to her about this & she said it wouldn't have made a difference as they were out of champagne? Well, we then see people served MIMOSAS. No apologies, were made to us. Service was not good.
4	Build your own bloody Mary bar complete with peppers and bacon. Salmon hash for me and a Kobe burger for the wife. Everything was delicious, can't wait to go back.
5	First off, love the design of this place, really beautiful, natural decor that matches this farm to table restaurant. The fare is fairly priced and the portions we received were generous. Love places like this that serve high quality food at an affordable price to the masses. Our waitress, Vera, was extremely helpful, happy to help us with any questions that we had, quite knowledgeable about the menu and healthy food in general.  My bistro steak salad was great!  We didn't love the crab dip, however, it was taken off our bill without us saying a word. Would highly recommend and we will return when we are back in Scottsdale.  A must eat at restaurant.
5	Sat at the bar this weekend and had brunch with a friend.. Again the food and service didn't disappoint!! We shared the chilliquiles and a roasted corn pizza.. The bartender, Matthew, was totally awesome, introducing us to their kale mimosa.. SO GOOD!!!   Also I had a bloody mary that had a great smokey flavor, good form. It was my first time sitting up at the bar and I will definitely do that again!  Game was on too which was cool. :)
3	I went here for lunch and wasnt that impressed. The food is really nothing to write home about for the price they charge. I ordered the crab dip with plantains appetizer and had a chicken avocado salad as my entree. The crab dip was really salty and had hardly any crab in it. The salad was very bland and I wouldn't order it again. I will go back to try there squash enchiladas as I love those and Hardly ever find them when I go out to eat. Also I am gluten free and its hard to find menus that accommodate to my food allergies. I will give this place one more shot on the food, the service is great had a great server and food was delivered fast. If the foods not a hit the second time around I will throw in the towel.
5	We had dinner there last night and the food was amazing! Our server Andy was great very knowledgeable and friendly. We talked with Paul the manager and he was a really nice guy. We ate the ribs, Kobe burger and enchiladas all excellent choices! Will go back for sure.
4	The Herb Box has always had a great, varied menu, which includes vegetarian, gluten-free and request gluten free options.  The desserts are wonderful.  What I had previously found lacking was the service.  After an absence of a few months, I am pleased to report, that the service at the Herb Box has improved dramatically with the addition of Vera.  She deftly and attentively handled our party of nine on Wednesday, Sept. 17.  We were there to celebrate a friend's birthday.  In addition to the usual tasks of serving and refilling water glasses, etc., Vera made knowledgeable recommendations about entrees and other menu items, along with wine suggestions.  Looking forward to going back and requesting a table in Vera's section.
5	My absolute favorite restaurant in the area.   Great menu that rotates on occasion.   The food is seriously great!
4	Service was so-so, less attentive than other restaurants that have the same type of atmosphere but the server was friendly.  I tried the shrimp arugula salad and it was pretty delicious :) just wish the shrimp wasn't battered because I like to be more health conscious!
5	This is my favorite place to eat lunch in old town. The food is so amazing and the atmosphere is perfect. I have never had a bad meal here or bad service. Vira the server is a superstar. She is so friendly, I would go back just to talk to her! The butternut squash enchiladas dish is a must have !!
5	This is my go-to restaurant for taking friends and clients who are tired of the ho-hum cafe. I love the atmosphere and the food is amazing. Everything is fresh and flavorful and the salads are enormous!
4	Love the atmosphere and decor. Very comfortable. We just ordered some apps- the pakora and a small plate of blistered peppers.Both were delicious. I will be back to have dinner.
4	Went here on a Monday with some friends and it was all but empty. The waiter was super friendly and all of the food was yummy. Be aware that the $5 lunch plates are smallish portions, and that even the larger portions weren't big. They appear to be able to manage some allergies- I did fine with a pistachio/cashew allergy even though pistachios are on half the menu items. The waiter was happy to answer my questions about ingredients, including checking with the kitchen when he wasn't sure. They had a few GF items and a few vegan things as well. Overall this was a great place to hang out, if a bit pricey for what you get.
5	The sweet potatoes tacos are very tasty, I also tried their corn enchiladas and it's also a really good vegetarian option. Cute place too
5	Wonderful food and superb service.  Server Andrew T clearly enjoyed his work and took pride in the food he served, which made sense given the food's brilliance.  I, the vegan among 4 omnivores, greatly enjoyed the indian-spiced kale + corn and onion pakora and avocado love.  Any place with a vegan dessert gets an extra star, but Yelp only allows 5.  My party enjoyed their meals as well and meals were very affordable ($105 for a party of 5 with entrees and 2 desserts, without alcohol -- another $48 for a round of drinks).  Wish I lived in town to enjoy this restaurant more often but it will be a demand of mine for all future Phoenix trips (corporate office here so hopefully frequent!).
4	Being unfamiliar with Scottsdale in general, I wasn't sure what to expect when staying in Old Town for work. It was with much delight that I realized my proximity to so many great restaurants. Take the Herb Box for example: large, open patio with plentiful seating for groups or just two, Christmas lights adorning the space, and the feeling that you are not in the middle of the desert. It being a Monday night, I was able to stay here sipping a notably refreshing cucumber and basil mojito for an extensive period of time whilst relishing the atmosphere. Service was somewhat attentive but they seemed to adapt to the type of evening you were desiring be it a large group with multiple requests or a low key night out. I tried the vegan nosh board. Yum. It includes shishito peppers, a quinoa spring roll, jalapeno edamame hummus with an edamame salad, and corn and kale pakoras. It was an innovative medley of cuisines and flavors and I truly enjoyed each part. The edamame salad was more mainstream but still spicy and with great texture from the pairing of creamy hummus and roasted corn. The spring roll filled with black quinoa and mango was an ideal vehicle for the accompanying dip, which had hints of nuttiness, perhaps peanut sauce based. The pakoras were crispy and light but all were secondary to the shishito peppers. I'm loving shishito pepper season and these were blistered to perfection with a sweet tamari glaze proving a balance of spicy and sweet. I highly recommend trying the nosh board as you have an array of tastes and spices for a decent price. Overall, a relaxing evening in Scottsdale.
2	Ugh.  If their food and outdoor seating was not so great, I would give them 1 star.  I do not understand if they are always constantly under new management or what.  I have been several times a year for years.  Glutton for punishment I suppose.  Last time I went with my mother, NOT during a busy time, early afternoon weekday, and do you know we sat for 22 minutes and NO ONE came to wait on us?  We were quite obviously sitting there, too.  We walked out.  And guess what?  Never going back.  Their north Scottsdale spot, however, has always been superb.
5	Had lunch in the downstairs walk-up deli.  The panini and the smoked gouda mac & cheese were second to none.  Loved it!
5	The food, the service and the ambiance at this place are all just perfect. We just had a family reunion dinner here and everyone loved their food selections and our server! Don't leave the kale pakora off the list of side dishes--it's delicious!
5	Favorite restaurant!!! Mmm. White bean chili soup is the best I've ever had, loved the steak, fried chicken, fingerling potatoes and more! Can't go wrong
5	The Herb Box is my FAVORITE brunch spot. Their red velvet pancakes are to die for and their bacon is cooked to perfection. I've never had a bad experience here and they sometimes have crazy awesome mimosa flavors. You won't be disappointed!
4	Herb box is one of my favorite places! The restaurant is super cute and the food is really good. They use quality ingredients and their dishes are creative. Highly recommend the sweet potato tacos. It's also one of my go-to places for brunch. They're brunch is pretty popular. I recommend making reservations for brunch, but you can generally get in pretty quick for dinner. They also have a little market where you get delicious food to go.
3	Great food at both locations. Great ambiance Old Town late afternoon. Friends and I sat at Bar to watch Cardinals game and have wine and small plates. Kitchen closes at 4 on Sunday. Ok but bartender gave impression bar open longer. We ordered quickly before kitchen closed but when ordering another glass of wine, bartender said bar closed. No last call given. His service and attention poor. Otherwise we have loved all meals moth locations. Wait and bar staff iffy on a couple instances.
4	Whenever we come to Phoenix, where to dine for dinner is a major decision. We are always relying on our friend Ryan to make the choice based on all the best places he has been to since our last trip out and then taking us to his favorite.  Ryan tripped us up a bit this time by providing us a list and making us choose from some that he had been to and some he has been wanting to go to.  After about an hour and a half of careful menu reviewing by the three of us we picked The Herb Box.Had I gone down the list in 5 minutes it would not have been my first choice and I think the other two of us felt the same.  We made our final decision based on the menu seemingly being able to quench our three very different moods for chicken, steak and something different. We arrived to an upscale looking place that really surprised us with elegant seating and our table was perfectly positioned near a welcoming fireplace.The next best surprise, A honest server with a more exotic opinion on taste who was not afraid to add her own commentary, which I appreciate.We started with shared plates and upon our servers suggestion we had the Korean fried cauliflower dish and the indian kale and corn pakora. I definitely left with a new found love of cauliflower and kale.  Ryan was pretty much bent on the Korean barbeque ribs from the moment we picked the restaurant and was really happy he made that choice.  Michael was talked out of the buttermilk chicken by our server based on her saying it was good but not as expressive as the more flavorful choices on the menu that highlight the chef's choices to mix unique flavors.  He ended up choosing the ribeye along with me, my choice the minute I read thru the menu.  The queso blanco and cilantro lime gave the perfectly cooked ribeye an extra special boost.We also shared the crisp fingerling potatoes sprinkled with course salt and the skillet corn and leek gratin.  I was excited about the corn and blown away by the potatoes.I am not a connoisseur of mac n cheese by any means but will never refuse a taste from someone else's plate to make sure that my life doesn't end without having possibly tasted "The one redeeming recipe" that actually validates the existence of that dish.  I tasted Ryan's and thought to myself, "wow, I could eat a dish of that," it was very good.The Herb Box was really enjoyed by all of us and we were very happy we went there.  Definitely one of the weekend highlights!
1	I had such high hopes for the Herb Box yesterday. I posted a picture of your Kobe Burger on my FB page telling everyone how excited I was to try it. We were there celebrating my sister's 40th birthday party and twelve women were out in honor of their friend. We assumed it was normal that they let us get settled without taking drink orders, but it was quite awhile until someone came over. We ordered our drinks and got them about 15-20 minutes later (not sure how long it takes to make a diet coke, but ok). When we asked the manager where our server was to take our order, he said that we were busy "gossiping" and that's why our order wasn't taken. This was the manager, Paul. Gossiping? Seriously? We are a group of 40 and older women, please calm down Paul. If you'd like us to gossip, I'm sure we can gossip about our bad service from this restaurant. We arrived at 10am, got drinks by 10:45am and by 11:30 we were still waiting for food. I had to go up to the bar twice to get a refill of soda and they screwed up one order of food and completely FORGOT another person's order. It's 12 people, I used to work in a restaurant. There were hardly any other patrons and they staff was too busy giving each other massages at the hostess stand to worry about tending to their customers. We spent $20 a meal plus drinks and a $70 cake, I expect far better service. I will tell everyone I know to skip this place and head to a restaurant that is more worried about tending to it's paying customers than trying to act as if they are too cool to care.
4	A great meal made from fresh ingredients that will leave you full and satisfied. We enjoyed a seat outside while eating our sandwiches. The service was pretty good. Definitely a nice place to enjoy lunch while soaking up some sun.
4	While visiting my son in AZ we decided to stop in here for dinner. It wasn't too busy (day after Thanksgiving) and the weather was nice so we sat on the patio. The patio is really nice. Mgr Eric was very accommodating, making sure they moved a heater over so we could be comfy. I ordered a glass of the Hann Pinot Noir, was smooth & delicious.The waitress was friendly but I didn't get her name. My son ordered the Ribs and she recommended the sweet potatoe enchilada's for me...she said it was her fav vegetarian dish on the menu. It didn't disappoint. My son loved loved loved the Ribs, made asian with sauce he said was amazing.I probably would have licked the plate but I didnt' want to embarrass my son, lol.Will most certainly come back when I'm in town...
3	This is Liz from the threefitsisters.com blog. Herb Box is good, not knock your socks off good, but definitely satisfies and I love that it is local and semi-healthy (depending on what you order).The food itself would have been 4 stars, but I knocked down half a star for the service and half a star for the price (too expensive for what you get).I went with a party of 3 at 4:15, so it was an awkward time but I still expect to be served well, especially since it was't so busy. There seemed to be a lot of staff walking around, but for some reason there was only one waiter serving the entire inside of the restaurant (about 4 other parties). So, we flagged down another waitress and she took our order and sent it to the kitchen, which was nice.We ordered the mac & cheese, the korean cauliflower, the market salad, beef short rib enchiladas, and the corn and goat cheese flat bread. My sister got a green flash beer, also.The entrees were all great! I would have preferred if my chicken was cut up and tossed into my salad instead of having huge chunks on top, but it was moist and well seasoned. I appreciate the fact that they respected my wishes for EXTREMELY light dressing on my salad--overdressed salads are disgusting.The flat bread was great, and my sister said the enchiladas were also good.I didn't particularly care for the mac & cheese. The portion was pretty small, the noodles were a little over cooked, and it wasn't the cheesy. The cauliflower, however, was spectacular! Need to learn how to make that at home.I love the ambiance of the herb box! The decor is very modern-anthropologie-ish and the bathrooms are gorgeous. I noticed that theres a large room in the back for parties, also. Their outdoor seating looked nice too, but it was too cold the day I went.Overall, a great spot! I would love to come here for breakfast or brunch. I'm sure the service is usually better, but the prices are definitely a little steep.
5	Good food and drink, attentive, friendly service, and great entertainment (d'Averill & Derek)!  We'll be back!
5	This is a great place for brunch. The brunch menu is more limited than Breakfast Club and Daily Dose but much tastier. The chilaquiles verde, BLT, and the red velvet pancakes were flavorful and delicately prepared. The dishes tasted like they were made with fresh ingredients. I definitely recommend this place.
