2	I know they just opened & are working out the kinks, but the wait staff needs more training & the menu needs a bit of tweeking.  THEY HAD NO VEGGIE BURGER!  They need to learn from Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay.  Had I known I would have brought a box of bocas & made my own.  Coffee came in espresso cups, which was probably an oversite.  I have found that many places in Vegas substitute volume 11 music, for Ambience.  However they did turn it down when we asked them, as we had to scream across the table at eachother.  Hope they pull it together.
4	Disclaimer: This is a chocolate shake only review.To quote Pulp Fiction.'That's a pretty fucking good milkshake. I don't know if it's worth five dollars but it's pretty fucking good."Actually, it was worth five dollars -- mainly because it was 116 degrees out.
4	I had a craving for a burger and wanted to stay away from Red Robin so I picked up my sister and headed over to Strip Burger. We were seated immediately and had a strip view while being cooled down by the mister system and promptly served our drinks. The staff was very friendly and prompt and was smiling.I ordered the 'hickory bacon burger' which had a plethora of bacon on it topped with caramelized onions & hickory-smoked sauce for 8.95 She ordered the classic burger for a buck cheaper. We started with the pickle fries which were very interesting. They are pickles that are battered with japanese breadcrumbs and fried served up with ranch dressing. The ranch was a little runny, i like mine thicker and the pickles were a little too deep fried for me.Their burgers are served medium, I prefer mine medium rare and it came out medium anyways but it was so damn juicy it didn't bug me, the flavor was very good. We finished off with the Tall Strawberry Cake -- ok about as expensive as the burger itself but it was pretty good. Probably wont order it again but to describe it was pound cake compacted and covered with a icing served with a strawberry topping, nice and fresh tasting... :)
3	We went on Tuesday around 5 pm. They were open just 3 days at the time. The whole restaurant is outside, just to the side of CBBR. We were cooled nicely by the misters on the patio & it was a decent people watching spot.We had:PICKLE CHIPS which were quite tasty. They were a bit over fried;the sauce was flavorful, but too thin for my liking.BLEU CHEESE BURGER I loved it even more so than the BBQ Bacon Burger, which I thought I would love more...The burgers were ordered MR, but were served Med-Med/Well. Our server told us that customers were complaining the burgers weren't cooked enough. I am from the school of "you can always cook it more, but you can't cook it less." I will order my burger RARE next time! Normally, I would have sent it back, but they were still so juicy, falling apart (due to the natural meat?) and flavorful that I didn't mind. The buns were great too!HOUSE CUT FRIES were good too, but nothing fantastic.We both did PBR on draft (32oz). I know eeeewww if you may. You can keep the souvenir glass as well. It's plastic, but it did manage to keep our beers cool even with 100+ temps. Next time I'll imbibe in some of their delish sounding cocktails.We had no room for dessert. Oh & you can add a shot to their milkshakes as well.Over all the service & experience was quite good & we would go back.The bill came to $50 including tip.Side note: they did misspell Wagyu on the menu...
4	A few of my friends and I landed here after one friend told us it was the best burger she had ever had and and that everything on the menu was under 10 bucks. I love me some burgers so I jumped at the chance to check it out. First off, I must say that I was very impressed with the location. Outdoor seating just outside of the Fashion Show Mall and right across from the Wynn, it was the perfect setting for some good times and food with friends.Looking at the menu she was right on the dot...nothing over 10 bucks. Their favorite blue cheese burger caught my eye, but I noticed that their other burgers had toppings that I wanted to add on to that burger like bacon ( I mean come on...if you are gonna do a burger, do it right and go all out). The waitress accommodated me and said I could add whatever I wanted to my burger which was awesome. I must say that I was pretty impressed with the burger once it arrived...nice and juicy and cooked perfectly. The sides were great. Fries were crisp yet the only problem I had were the onion rings...way too skinny and limp (as women...we tend not to like that). All in all, Stripburger is a great place to chill, relax, listen to some good music and eat good burgers.+ 1 Star: For having Chimay under 10 bucks...hell yeah!!-1 Star: Taking down the stripper pole located in the middle of restaurant...how do they expect anyone to work off all that food...it ain't called Stripburger for nothin'
3	The burgers here are good - but nothing special (if you want a special burger, check out Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay - that is fantastic...try the zucchini fries :).  The pickle fries here suck, I wouldn't get them again.The prices here are low, especially for Vegas, the seating is exclusively outside, and the drinks are great.  Check out the rosemary lemonade and the chocolate fudge milkshake (with a shot of Baileys if you are game, hey it is Vegas!)  I wouldn't go out of my way, but it is fine if you are hungry on the North end of the strip.
4	The Acapulco Burger (burger with guac) was good. Damn good.  Hell damn crap good!    Nice sized patty, juicy meat, fresh fixins, good service and outdoor seating conducive to people watching.  I can see myself going back here depending on how badly I do at the tables next time in Vegas.
4	Really 3.5 stars, but I will round up this time because I am in a good mood.I was shopping Macy's going-out-of-business sale and unlike most females, I just hate to shop.  But when it comes to cocktail dresses for $9, I finally give in.  After spending several tedious hours trying on clothes, I need nourishment before heading to work.  In a moment of weakness, I stroll through the food court, but who am I kidding?  I hate food courts and even in a nicer mall like the Fashion Show, the outlets all offer the same junk.So now I am torn between Maggiano's and Stripburger.  After browsing both menus, I choose the latter.  It is a gorgeous day and Stripburger has all outdoor seating right on the strip.All of their burgers are $8.95-$9.95.  The fries are not included.  The drink menu looks tempting, but like I said, I am headed to work soon, so I settle for something from the Lake Mead region.My burger comes in less than 15 minutes and is cooked exactly as ordered.  The accompaniments (roll, tomato, etc.) are all fresh and this is a very good burger.  Would I make a trip to the strip just to eat here?  Probably not.  But I would definitely come back should I be caught hungry in that area again and maybe next time I can sample some of their adult beverages.
4	Stopped by here during our first night in Vegas. It was sufficiently cheaper than the other locales nearby (The Capital Grille, etc). Both the fiancee and I got the Bacon Burgers, an order of fries and chocolate milkshakes.The burgers were good. Cooked a bit much, but the toppings were fresh, and it was served quickly. The fries were superb, cooked to perfection, and just all around delicious. The milkshake was by and far the highlight of the meal. I HIGHLY recommend the chocolate milkshake here, it's among the best I've had, and easily worth the $5 price tag, especially on a hot Vegas day.The service overall was good. It took forever for our waitress to show up initially, but after that she quickly refilled our waters before we were even finished, and quickly took care of the check. All and all, a very positive experience, and while a bit pricey for a burger and shake, it's location and great tasting shake make up for it.
5	Yum!  One of the best burgers I have had.  The meat had a good flavor and was very juicy.  We got the bleu cheese burger and it had just enough fried onion strings on it and the bleu cheese was awesome-- it was kinda saucy with a nice flavor.  the fries were great too.But.... the chocolate fudge shake with a shot of kahlua was the bomb!  I have been thinking of that damn milk shake ever since and was so disappointed we didn't make it back!  They had a cool bar area outside right off the strip.  The bartender was great.  Inside it is dark wood, very nice, and their bathrooms are great too.  I will definitely be back everytime I go to Vegas!
1	StripBurger was horrible. I will probably never go back unless they are giving stuff away. I thought ok.. cute place. nice seating arrangement. Menu looked delicious. But oh how i was wrong. I think we sat there for fifteen minutes with not one word said to us. Then another fifteen with a greeting but no actual service. Might i add while all senior management stood around and chatted about the place. Food was alright tasting but the service was that horrible it just couldnt make up for it. Now im not too hard to get along with but when you work in the service industry and live off of tips you have to be respectful. The little bit of service we did get was awful and the girl was really bitchy. After leaving a dollar tip. Which is something i would never do...the management saw the obvious disgust in out faces and no apologies at all. Me got a condescending have a good day. I have a big mouth when service is good and bad
4	next stop on my Vegas Slider Pilgrimage - StripBurger. so i park at the mall but picked the wrong area to park in and wind up walking about 1/4 mile  in the heat ( and it was frickin boiling ! )  to stripburger.  is this place just one big patio ?  sat at the circle bar - bartender nice/cute - i guess i picked the right/wrong seat - in front of the dishwasher - every time she bent over to put in some glasses - well - she had an ok rack - finally asked her to forewarn me when she was putting glasses in so i wouldn't stare !For $20 - i get the cheeseburger sliders, the onion strings and a blue moon draft.  i asked if they had chocolate malts - nope - shakes, no malts !!  these places are starting to piss me off !!the sliders - decent - but the key is if you like that gas grill taste in the meat - for some strange reason, i like that taste ( same as the charcoal lighting fluid -infused taste ) - but overall, pretty basic slider.  the onion strings - good stuff !!  put some of them on the sliders - great idea !!  but let me tell ya a huge basket for $3.95 - that's a great deal !  have you ever noticed how much onion rings are as a side item at a restaurant ?  even denny's cost more than $3.95 and those things BITE !and let me tell ya - the blue moon - heavenly !!  i'm sweating like a pig at that bar and to get an ice cold blue moon ale in a frosty pint - people, this is what life is all about !next time - a basket of strings an a blue moon - and hopefully some new cleavage in front of the dishwasher !
2	Nothing special, definitely dont wanna eat and then go walking around on the strip, could be bad news, haha
4	Really good!  Tried the blue cheese burger and chocolate shake with a shot of kahlua - yummy!  The side of fries were good and were big enough to share.  Prices were decent (especially for the strip) and service was quick.  We'll be making a trip back.
3	OK... I heard this place was really good and the reviews were good as well but...  I ordered the hickory bacon and the famous blue cheese burgers with the 1/2 onion rings and fries plus a vanilla milk shake.  Fries were mediocre but the onion rings were better than the fries.  The Bacon burger was good. but the Blue cheese burger was not as good as thought it would be (and I like blue cheese, so it's not about the cheese).  The Milk shake was nothing spectacular either.  I tried to order the "seasonal" Sam Adams listed on the menu but all they had was the regular Lager.  Got the Pale Ale on draft instead.  Total Check + Tip came out to be $57 for 2 ppl. I was a bit surprised to find the restaurant was all outdoors.  It was Hot even with the misters and the shade.  It's Vegas after all.  I just felt bad for the workers there w/ the long sleeves.  The music was loud but not as loud as the traffic noise from the strip and the other street next to the Mall.    Service was good and really attentive.  big plus.I don't think I would go back for the food and considering the price it's not worth it.
4	My friend is a huge fan of Stripburger.  I must say it was good, but I think In N Out would have been a better choice.  In n out has fantastic burgers.  Stripburger has large burgers.  They are about the same league as Red Robin.  I had the bacon cheeseburger.  After a few minutes, the bread got soggy on the bottom of the burger.  Their fries are great too.
5	This place is right across the street from the Wynn, so I ended up going there 3 times in 2 days.   All I have to say is go to the happy hour!  4pm-7pm.  SO delicious.  Everything on the happy hour menu is $2.  Mini burgers, fries, margaritas and draft beer. The margaritas are great- and they definitely don't skimp on the alcohol either.  :)
5	I recently returned from a long weekend in Vegas with six of my best girlfriends.  Aged 24-25, we were anticipating a REALLY wild weekend full of hot people, and hot clubs... hot music, hot gambling, great food, great drinks.... and guess what, we were disappointed.  Despite my disillusionment  with Las Vegas as a bona fide Disneyland for adults (more like Wally World, I think) I have at least one good thing to bring away from my trip that I can recommend to other travelers, locals, or disillusioned 25 year old women:  Stripburger.  There are a few reasons that I decided to give a little place like Stripburger in Las Vegas five stars: 1) Location.  Stripburger was right across from our hotel, on the ground level.  Easy access from the street, with patio seating to people watch on the Vegas strip. 2) GREAT HAPPY HOUR.  We actually had food and drinks NOT during happy hour, and it was good.  But the happy hour was really great.  Not only is it 4-7 pm EVERY DAY (yes, including Sat/Sun), but they have a straight across $2 menu that includes drinks and food.  I have to recommend the margaritas, which are a good size for the money, and which taste like margaritas, not a melted lemon-lime Otter pop.  Very cheap and fun way to party before heading out for the night. 3) Service was great.  Our lunch waitress and our happy hour staff were all amazing, friendly and attentive.For a large group of boisterous, hungry/thirsty women, Stripburger definitely fit the bill.
4	I thought this place was a great inexpensive place on the Las Vegas Strip.  More a place to stop in while shopping at the Fashion Show or if looking to watch some sports. Definitely the bar seating is the best or the high tops nearer to the strip.  Great for people watching and taking in the view of the Wynn and Encore across the street.  The prices are good and so are the burgers.  I had the Bleu Cheese Burger cook medium rare, which is what I got with no frills or fuss.  I also tried the spicy cheese fries which were pretty good, but could of been spicer.  Overall good.  The bar service a little slow, moreso because it seems as though the bartender had to fill table orders and neglect the people sitting at the bar.  This overloaded her.Go.Dafe
4	Yay for the lovely weather that has finally come to Las Vegas. There is no one I'd rather be than outside right now, so I decided to hit this place up with my fiance during my lunch break. I loved the outside dining right on the strip. Good for people watching and it was enough to make me feel like I was on vacay during my lunch break ! The alcoholic drinks sounded awesome, but being the good corporate citizen that I am, I had to pass *for this time*. I tried the sliders and tried Keith's suggestion of putting the yummy onion strings on them. They were pretty decent sliders.. they came with all the veggies on them (tomatoes, pickles, onions, lettuce), which is actually pretty rare for sliders! The aforementioned onion strings came in a 5.95 basket of fries and onion strings.. yum, I love having the best of both worlds!Fiance was happy with his burger with jack cheese (although commented the 1 leaf of lettuce was kind of sad), and we both loved the butterscotch shake we split. Service was just ok. There was some mild confusion due to the lack of hostess initially, and our guy was hard to track down when we wanted a refill on a soft drink. Overall a nice visit and I would go back.. especially with the great weather and I'd love to try the happy hour.
4	OK fellas, get your mind out of the gutter.  This is NOT a strip club where you can also eat burgers.  No place is that perfect.  Just kidding... Seriously though, this is a pretty cool place.  Located right on the 'strip' on Las Vegas Blvd right outside of Fashion Show Mall, Strip Burger ia a nice place to get a casual lunch. Tthe atmosphere is very nice as you can eat outside.  It is a very nice setting that makes you feel like you are on vacation.  Their burgers are very very fresh!  We ordered a side of fries which could have fed all of Cesar's Palace.  Huge!  Finish this and expect heart trouble!  On the down side, the service was a little spotty and the prices were a little more then I think they should have been.  A burger was about $10 and came with no sides, just the burger.  2 burgers, 1 side of fries, 1 beer and a mixed drink approached $40. Ouch!  Still, it was a good experience.  I give. 3.75 stars.
3	This place did not leave me singing it's praises. I was underwhelmed by the over-priced burgers that come sans fries and taste. Although, I was happy we ordered the fries and onion strings basket because that was the best part of the meal. Perk- my husband got a burger medium and it actually came out medium. Go figure. I got the chicken sandwich that was nothing to write home about.Con: all seating is outside. So if it's hot, you will not be cooling down here... and, um, well, we live in LAS VEGAS which might as well be called city on the surface of the sun with pavement. And well, on those rare chilly nights? You can then be burned to death by their outside heaters. This place is HOT HOT HOT, but in all the wrong ways...
4	The food was awesome! My waiter... errrr.... My food didn't have a drop of grease dropping on my plate as my burger was served in this white paper thing. It didn't even shine! Wow! I ordered a strawberry shake after it as well, and oh my gosh did it just beat my senses to just never order ice cream... order a shake instead! MuahahaMy waiter was really nice up until he asked, "So what are  you all up to today?" We mentioned maybe a few places to drop by, and as all my friends at the table were originally from LV they said they were showing me around as I was from Cali and it's my first time there. He just shot a snare and went "Oh, so are u going to go buck wild now out here? Are you going to leave your Las Vegas story, what happens here stays here?" And honestly... I'm a REAL chill person, good intentions and fun vibes, not a hore in that manner. If he said it with a different tone, I would have had a good laugh, but no... he said it with a bad attitude like he hated people from the Bay Area. Wow. That was an experience to remember.That's why I couldn't give the last star!
4	Thanks, Yelpers!  We never would have walked around the corner and found this place if not for you!Since it's called Stripburger, I was hoping there would be strippers, boooo for no strippers!  Yes, I get that it's on the strip, hence the name, but I'm always hoping for strippers.....Good sliders - why am I the only one in love with the buns here?  Maybe I'm just a carb slut, but those buns are GOOD!Good fries, hey if you're having a burger, you must have fries!GREAT milkshakes!  And with a SHOT?! (and by that I mean 2 shots...) How cool is that!?  Decent service, good people watching, nice to sit outside.Good place to have a nice, inexpensive lunch!
4	Don't miss out on the shakes - the best idea ever was for them to supply a monstrous (think firehose) of a straw, making it easy to slurp up the shake in no time flat.  The burgers are good, but not great.  The bottled water to go was a nice touch.Having a good place in the shade to sit and watch traffic belch at you is something of a push - not sitting in the sun is good, but listening (and breathing) the fumes sorta sucks.The food was solid, and not too terribly pricey.  What really stunk was having to find the place.  You have to go all the way to the end to find the joint, and then keep going.  It's like falling off the edge of the earth.  But have faith.  It is there.
3	This place isn't too bad ... it's your standard burger joint with slightly elevated prices for a normal burger spot, but just about right for being on the strip.Had the Blue Cheese Burger and Fries/Onion Strings Combo .. Beef was cook medium like I ordered and tasted fresh. Fries were ok - standard. Onion strings were good - they're very thin and a good change from normal onion rings but on a normal day i think i would prefer normal sized onion rings.GF had the veggie burger that she liked very much. Tasted good except the patty wouldn't really stay together and was falling all over the place so it's more of like a veggie mush. Overall 3 stars just cause it's a decent burger spot, but nothing too special compared to Fuddruckers or any place like that.
3	i actually ate at their booth at the BITE of Las Vegas. $2 mini-burgers. Great minis now I have to make it to the big show.
5	I hardly give five stars but this place has the best shakes and fries! Burgers are good too! We did wait awhile for our food but it was worth the wait. The fries were incredibly crispy and the shakes extra sweet! Good fast food at decent prices and no huffy puffy attitude. I had the mini burgers which filled me up.
5	This place was soooo awesome!! I love the location and being able to sit outside and look on to the strip!! I got the atomic fries which were HOLY and their bowl of chili. The drinks were good too!! I am so going back here whenever I come back to Vegas!
3	My boyfriend and I stopped by Stripburger after seeing it packed everytime we passed by on the Deuce.The strawberry milkshake was super yummy.  My sliders were okay.  The french fries were tasty.  I liked the sea salt sprinkled on them.It's cool how this place is outdoors.  They had heaters to keep us warm in the cooler Las Vegas evening air.
4	I found this spot in the little Vegas guide they give you at the hotels. I ordered the Bleu Cheese Burger and my boyfriend had the Hickory Bacon Burger. We split ours, just so we could each try them our for ourselves. Although he said he enjoyed his burger, I think he liked mine more. We also ordered a side of fries and onion strings. I loved the fries more. Onion strings seem to just taste better on the burger. For drinks, we had shakes. Mine Vanilla, his Strawberry. The Strawberry is a must have!We hope to come back again and try out their other burgers...P.S. The burgers were pretty hefty and I think I only finished half of my burger. Took it home and ended up not eating it later.
3	I've been to Burger Bar several times but tried this burger joint on my last visit to vegas.  The burgers are pretty good not as much meat variety as Burger Bar, but different types of toppings and configurations.  I ordered my burger medium rare but they must have gotten mixed up because mine came out medium well.  Oh well it was still good nonetheless.  We also ordered the Atomic fries.  Basically it's just fries, cheese, and raw jalapenos.  Wow they were amazingly good and made the whole meal worth it.  The best of both worlds would be atomic fries from here and burgers from burger bar.  LOL I'll be back for the fries but I prefer my burger from burger bar.
3	The BBQ burger was pretty good, good fries and onion strings. Don't think the atomic fries are worth it though...just nacho cheese and jalapenos. Service was ok but nothing special. It does look like a cool place to hang out at during the warmer time of year. Beware that it is an outside restaurant and can get pretty chilly even though it's covered pretty well. The heaters don't do much either on a breezy day. Watch out for the flying rats too! Nasty Pigeons!!
4	I'd give this 3.5 stars, but will round up since I had a good time here.We were having burger cravings and saw this in one of the Vegas magazines, so we came for lunch on the patio.  Decent service and nice burger selection.  Our server said they were famous for the blue cheese burger so I ordered that, and hubby had bacon cheeseburger.  We had vanilla shakes and the combo fries/onions strings... yes, this is a heart attack waiting to happen :)I enjoyed it... the burgers are huge and decent quality.  very tasty.  Shakes were excellent.  Fries and onion strings good - fries were good and the onion strings were a nice change from the usual rings.  Average service and nice to be outside on a warm day.Prices are reasonable for the strip and it's a great casual lunch spot when around Fashion Show Mall.
3	We were hungry one night about 9 pm and the food court at the Fashion Mall was closing. Strip Burger was open so we figured we should try it out. I heard this place can get pretty packed but it wasnt a weekend so it wasnt too bad.I realize its Vegas and they are trying to be hip and all that but the music was blasting WAY too loud. Actually I dont mind the loud music, but it made it almost impossible to hear the waitress and vice versa. She evidently didnt hear part of our order so it took a while before everything we ordered actually arrived to our table.The bacon cheeseburger was pretty big and tasted pretty good. Not great but pretty much what you get at similar places for the same price. The garlic herb fries were good and one order is plenty to share with another person or two.As we were seated, we walked through a conversation/arguement between a manager and waitress. Sounded like confusion and wrong orders going out are not unusual. Maybe it was just an off night.If you have kids, I would suggest considering the age and appetite of the child before ordering off of the kids menu. For an 8 year old, the kids cheeseburger was pretty small.The manager was really nice and attentive. He asked if we would like a heat lamp next to our table and he promptly brought one over and lit it for us.Leaving took a little while also due to the waitress bringing us somebody elses check. The manager saw me looking around for the waitress and came over and got us the right check.I think a lot of people would give less stars with the problems that we had but,  like I said before, it may have been an off night. The employees are friendly so I will give them the benefit of the doubt.
4	My husband and I had lunch here and we both loved it. The burger was delicious (cheddar and bacon) and BIG (we shared it) and the garlic herb fries were yummy. And we both had milk shakes (me vanilla, him banana.)I would definitely come back here for a burger and fries!!
3	I stumbled by this place while walking down the strip and thought it looked cute. There is plenty of outdoor seating, which makes it a prime spot for people watching and enjoying a sunny day. With music playing in the background, a good crowd, and an ice cold beer, it was the perfect afternoon spot. I ordered the hickory chicken sandwich, which was just OK. The sauce was a little much. However, the chicken was cooked to perfection and was nice and juicy. I probably would have been better off with just a plain chicken sandwich, which my friend ordered and loved. We had a basket of fries, which were good and well seasoned. While I enjoed a heineken, my friend had a chocolate shake, which he raved over. It was nice and thick, and apparently super tasty. I'll have to get one next time!The server was friendly and on top of things, and our food arrived quickly. Overall it was a nice, casual place to grab a sandwich and fries. Definitely refreshing from all the overpriced restaurants in the hotels! And it's a great place to enjoy the people walking up and down the strip.
4	I'm from Vegas and recently went back to visit some friends who took me to try Stripburger (it was their late night happy hour). When I heard the motto "burger, shakes, and cakes," I was expecting something different, being that I'm used to Vegas lingo, but I digress. It took me a while to decide if I wanted the usual bacon & cheese that you can get anywhere or if I wanted to do something different. I went for the green chili cheeseburger that comes with roasted green chilies and pepper jack cheese. To my surprise, it was only OK, when it sounded so great in print. Darn it, so onto the fries. MMMmmHmm. The waitress, who was slightly on the rude side, told me to order the garlic herb fries. I was surprised that fries didn't come with the burger, but just ended up splitting them with a friend. They were crispy and not too garlicky, but pretty tasty. I ended up eating most of them and not of the burger.I also thought it was a neat place, all outdoor seating with a strip view, so I recommend it for fries and atmosphere.
2	I did not really expect a lot from this place. I was right, this place is nothing special. The hamburgers are OK but is not worth the price ($8.95 for a regular hamburger). The fries were so-so. They overcooked my burger. The butterscotch milk shake was good but you do not get your moneys worth. I do not think I will be back to this place.
4	Came upon this place as we were walking the strip.  Burgers, shakes and cakes sounded pretty good, but what brought us in was the open setup and the beer on tap.  If felt like someone had brought the beach to Vegas.  Neat outdoor scene with views of the strip and really, really good food.  The bartender recommended both the Blue Cheese burger and the sweet potato fires, neither of which I would have ordered on my own.  Good to take a rec now and again, as these were both stomach achingly delicious.  Great food, service, views and even relatively cheap for Vegas.  I will definitely be back my next time through.
4	Stripburger sure was delicious after a long night at XS, and after 8 hours of not eating.  I ordered a plain, small burger, which the waitress compared to an "in 'n out' burger.  When it came out, I was pleasantly surprised that it was significantly larger than an in 'n out burger.  We also ordered lots of fried food, including the Warm Potato Chips, Onion Strings, and Sweet Potato fries.  The portions were huge so we shared everything across the table.  The portions were great for the price.  Great food for late night!
2	ok so because i didnt get a burger here, you may not actually want to base your decision on this alone. i went here this weekend with my parentals and since i was on a no carbs diet, i didnt get a burger or fries.  the only thing appealing to me on the menu was the fried chicken bites. there was about 6 of them and they were just ok. they tasted kind of bland. they came out with a ranch of some sort but i think they wouldve been tastier with hot sauce or honey mustard (which they didnt have). i also ordered the hole-in-one drink. it pretty much tasted like a midori sour so id double check the pricing on both and just get the cheaper one. the location is nice. its on the corner of las vegas blvd so it's cool to chill outside and people watch. i may come back to try a burger one day but not anytime soon.
4	Stripburger was pretty good.  Not the best burger experience I've ever had, but really wasn't expecting that either, so I was satisfied.Atmosphere:  You know what they say: location, location, location.  This spot was great.  We ate at about 4:00pm, and the open, airy, bar area was a nice, cool repose from the Vegas sun & heat.  Allowed for superb people watching along the strip around the mall area.I had the bacon cheddar burger.  It was done to a nice, well-cooked medium.  Was thick and juicy.  The bacon was thick and added a nice flavor.  My only complaint was the bun could have been a little sturdier.  Although it was soft and tasted great, it made the burger very messy to eat as the bun started to fall apart.  My friend had the green chile burger and his was even messier!The side order of fries was huge!  I would recommeding splitting an order between at least two people.I also had the chocolate hot fudge shake.  Very good, thick and chocolatey.The service was friendly, but a little slow and left a little to be desired.  The server forgot about my shake and had to reorder it.  I was about half-way through my meal when it arrived.  I thought he would take it off the bill, but no dice.  Oh well, Vegas luck.Overall a nice place to grab a burger on the strip, and sit and relax and kill some time between splits and double-downs.
3	We picked this spot on a Monday night because pretty much everything else on the strip was closed. In a pinch like that, it's pretty good. Wouldn't be my first choice otherwise. Or my second to be honest.I ordered the acapulco burger. The meat was good, but the guacamole was kinda ehhhh. And I ended up removing the bun, really wasn't a fan although other people in our party did enjoy it.The garlic-herb fries were pretty good, and one portion of fries is enough for 2-3 people. All in all, a decent late night meal.
1	Came here at 2pm hungover beyond belief and just wanted to shove a burger in my face.  Which is exactly what I did.  If I wasn't functioning at the brain level just before coma I probably wouldn't have enjoyed the burger as much as I did at the time, but ignorance is bliss.Of course the highlight of my trip to Stripburger had to be my friend ordering the Shrimp Bucket, which was described as "Peel n' Eat Shrimp" (was she still drunk?).  One of the most important rules I live my life by is to never order anything on a menu in which they spell and " N' ".  Second of all seafood in the desert at cheap restaurants with "strip" in the name is never a good choice as my friend soon learned.  The shrimp was crazy looking and apparently crazy tasting, although I hope to never find out myself.Long story short, Stripburger is step above McDonald's a step below   TGI Fridays, and I honestly would rather eat shrimp from Long John Silvers
4	the burger i ordered had guacamole, but the meat is so thick that i got grossed out. i only took 2-3 bites. the burger is pretty big, but didn't wow me.the fried potato fries were pretty good, since i have never tried them before. I didn't finish them because the amount was much bigger than i thought!the chili fries were really good. i liked all the toppings.the price was eh for the burgers. i would just come back for the fries. the service was good. we didn't know we had to be in the bar area for $2 margaritas, so we didn't sit there and we still ordered them. the waitress was nice enough to just charge us $2 instead of the usual amount.
2	Ugh this place blows, but I guess I should explain myself.2 pm, rolled out of bed and walked across the street to stuff burgers in my face and get ready for Vegas Round Dos.  I must have needed to stay in bed a little longer because I ordered the shrimp bucket (SICK) thinking it was "just what I wanted".  It was so gnarly when it came.. the shrimp weren't cleaned, cooked, or edible, but I decided I came this far and I'd give it a go.  GOO!  They tasted even crazier than they looked and when I sent the dish back the waiter made a good point - why would I order fish in the middle of the desert?  While this was thought-provoking and very true, I have always believed that restaurants should stand behind everything, and I mean EVERYTHING on their menus.  Thus I am giving Stripburger two stars for making me want to commit suicide over a bucket of shrimp, while taking my own responsibility for ordering the most repulsive thing offered and giving them the benefit of the doubt.. I'm sure their burgers are just fine.
5	this place is awesome!  I went with 3 other gals and we were craving it so we went back again the next day.  AWESOME blue cheese burger, fries, and hot fudge shake.  they share a kitchen with a tapas bar... had the stuffed mushrooms they were pretty good as well.  I will DEFINITELY be back next time I am in town!
5	This place serves yummy burger goodness.I had the green chili cheeseburger with bacon and bbq sauce. The BF had blue cheese burger. I had 1/2 fries 1/2 onion strings on the side. I'm not a big fan of the strings - flavor was good, but I'd rather have regular onion rings. Still, not enough to deduct a star. Also, the mixed drinks were very good. My BF and I left with our tummies very happy.
3	After a loonnnnggg day and an even longer night of hedonism and debauchery, we found ourselves wandering down the strip in search of some food. Given the hour, everything was either closed or they wanted the deed to my house for a meal. That's when we found strip burger!The prices here were very economical, happy hour was an option but we chose to order off the regular menu. Got us some chili cheese fries and a drink all for under $5, which is absolutely amazing for a decent restaurant right on the strip. What did bother me about this place was the service. Not only were the waiting staff completely disinterested in their job, but even after we got the attention of a waiter, our food took 20 minutes to come out. So we waiting 15 minutes for someone to take our order, 20 minutes to get the food and then another 10 to get the check. Mind you, this was at 2 in the morning and we were one of maybe 3 tables that were being served at the time!
5	I love their burgers and fries!I don't often rank places this high but this place blew me away.The meat was cooked to perfection the buns were warm, the cheese was perfect!  I can't say enough.I was stuffed by the burger and only ate half, but it was so good that I ate the left overs COLD, and in the middle of a casino, I didn't care because it was so good.When I go back to LV I am definitely going to go to here.  The Cheese fries were AMAZING!NOM NOM NOM
5	Best burgers and fries in Vegas! I had the cheeseburger with swiss and regular fries. We weren't able to finish our burgers because they were HUGE. Fries come in a huge basket so you can share them with another person. Prices were reasonable. Service was excellent. It was right across the street from our hotel so very convenient, especially to go hit Fashion Show right after ;-)
4	Le boyfriend and I had dinner here, after a day of traveling, and it totally hit the spot.  The fries were definitely made to share (they come in a sizeable bowl), and they're handcut and delicious.  Boyfriend got the mushroom burger, and he liked it.  I had the california chicken sandwich, which was also yummy.  Just the right amount of avocado, and the chicken was cooked well (not overdone/dry).  But here's my question - why does avocado = california?And now it's a few hours later, and I totally want another bowl of those fries.
3	I had a green chile burger here and the cheddar fries. Also started off with a gazpacho.  The green chile burger was average, as an purveryor of fine burgers, it was probably somewhere in the middle...not sure, the combo of everything just seemed a bit off.  I think the meat blend for the burgers, it didn't taste as premium as others...a nice char on the burger would have been good.Gazpacho was great though and the cheese fries were rather amazing.  I've got to say, great service inside Cafe Babareeba (which I want to check out).
4	Another great burger place! My boyfriend and I went there last summer and after a day of traveling this was the perfect meal. It was scorching hot outside yet we of course still wanted to sit outside which ended up working out perfectly because they had lots of fans and water spraying lightly which felt great! The service was really good, but it was also really slow. The burger was great, but I loved the fries more. We shared the Jalapeno cheese fries and if you like spicy it was so good! I would have to say by far the best burger place in Las Vegas and its quick and easy, you really can't go wrong.
3	Solid burger, very juicy. Chili cheese fries tasted good, but nary a trace of meat in it. The manager was sympathetic, comped them, but nicely insisted that he had checked the pot and confirmed that meat was indeed in the chili, in the pot in the kitchen. Well that doesn't really help me much at the table.I would go back, still, because other people next to me agreed that the food they ordered was pretty good.
3	location is nice..... you can check out the strip while u eat your burger...i ordered my burger as medium, but didnt see any pink in it... so wasnt really happy with that.fries are good and they have beer...waitresses are pretty hot here
4	awesome burger, warm bun, i got the acapulco burger,medium rare hugely yummy and shared the 3 some of fried pickles, strings and onion rings. topped it all off with a "strip and go naked" cocktail, i love grey goose vodka. too strong so had to share it. they also serve beer here, blue moon, fat tire, etc. took home the other half of the burger, too big to eat. came cooked just as i requested. i'd recommend it, even if a little spendy.
3	Loved my Blue Cheese Burger delicious. My mom not so much she ordered the mini burgers, weren't cooked well and had NO FLAVOR. The PINK drink was STRONG. Downfall-- Burgers DON'T COME WITH FRIES for 9.00 NOT HERE. The service was HORRIBLE. The restaurant is cute the way it's set up.
4	We stayed quite close to the Fashion Show Mall while in Vegas, so inevitably we ended up in this place. Im totally glad we did as it was a super tasty burger all in all!Staff were great, really helpful and friendly. One advised us to share fries as we were gonna get one each and Im glad she gave us the heads up - the amount we got was immense! No way could we finish the burger and the friesI also tried one of their shakes - it was huge and very very tasty. If youre going to Vegas and youre in the mood of a good quality burger - get your ass in here pronto! I totally loved the lay out and decor, casual and not too in your face, great for chilling. And a brilliant place to people watch as well, good to sit and watch all the hustle and bustle of the Strip.We will be making a return visit when we're next in Vegas :D
4	Located outside the front of the Fashion Show Mall, the entire restaurant is outside. It is a great place to do some people-watching. $10 burgers does not include fries. Limited selection on the menu. The burgers are excellent. The shakes are very good but pricey. We also had the cheddar fries, which were very good, too.
2	Disappointing. When you go to a place that specializes in burgers you expect a great burger. We went for lunch with a group of 6 on a friday afternoon. Service was terrible, we think our waitress must have been new or else she wouldnt still be there. We ordered 2 chocolate cake shakes and some drinks to start. first shake came out in 5-10 min, the other came out as our meals came out just after our drinks. Shouldnt have to wait 30 min for some waters and cokes. Burgers were nothing special. If you split a burger as I did with another girl, expect to have a tiny piece of meat on the bun. I had to take the bun off because couldnt even taste the burger. Chocolate cake shake is awesome but burgers were just ok. if you go plan to fill up on the shake and fries- because burger wasn't worth it.
5	$2.00 Specials at the bar at Happy Hour. Great Cheap Late Night EaTS!Sliders,Onion Straws,Fries and beer $2 eachI went for the full-size burgers this time however, we ordered the cheddar & mushroom and the greeen chile burger.-BOTH were fantasticThe warm potato chips with cheese & onion was quite delicious as well!!Service is good, the atmosphere is great for people watching and is really nice in the fall here in Vegas since its an outdoor bar.Be sure to check them out this coming weekend 10/17 at Desert Breeze Park at the BITE of Las Vegas!!
4	Saturday: The bf & I are driving up & down the strip & noticed the words "Burgers, Shakes & Cakes" in neon green letters. It was 12:30 am, we're starving & had just been told Mesa Grill closes at 11 pm (this is Vegas, baby, why would anything close that early?) Stripburger to the rescue!Atmosphere: circular design with bar in the middle & tables on the perimeter. Lots of neon green lighting (like they're on St. Patty's Day overload.) Music is a super upbeat & is a mix of R&B & hip hop (Rhianna, Kanye, Fergie.) Wherever you are seated, you'll have a pretty good view of The Strip.Service: Hostess was a very concerned Asian girl who explained why there would be a few minute wait & checked on us to make sure our waitress had come by. Waitress was quick & efficient-loved her.Food: Extra yummy. The bf & I shared "the threesome" (fries, extra thin onion strings & something I've been wanting to try-fried pickles) & a banana shake (good size for sharing, lots of *real* banana flavor.) I ordered a chicken burger with bacon, BBQ sauce & caramelized onions (flavors are fantastic-i definitely recommend this one ) & the bf had a cheddar bacon cheeseburger. Total: $33 (not including tip.) I could give Stripburger a big ole' smooch for being open til 2 am.
2	A year ago this place was awesome. The service was great, the drinks were to die for and the food was yummy... or maybe by time my friend and I got there we were just toooo drunk and it seemed good?A few days ago I went back...The service= AWFUL!The food took longer then 20 mins. (Note:They were not busy)The Burger= Still yummy but disappointed that it did not come with fries. The StripDog= Gross (Note: I did not eat this, my friend tried it and asked me to add it to my review)
3	Good burgers and great starters - a good place for a quick lunch. We had the southwest burger, southwest chicken sandwich, and pickle fries. Ate everything. Server was helpful and we appreciated the manager checking in. One of our dishes was forgotten, however. If you're in the fashion mall and want a quick bite - this place is worth it.
4	Ravished with hunger, I finally just settled on eating here after walking through throngs of people after leaving a party at Bellagio. Despite its rep as a 24 hour city, you'd be surprised at how few options there are post 10pm in Vegas that are NOT McDonald's. My date didn't eat red meat, so I wanted to avoid a burger joint but that guilt dissipated once I saw fried pickles on the menu. That fool can find something, I had to have those life-shortening treasures at once. The true winner of the night ended up being a cocktail called a Chamborita, a gorgeous frozen lime margarita accesorized by swirls of my favorite licquer, Chambord. Pop-punk soundtrack, patio seating, perfectly cooked medium burger, wonderful buzz: perfect night in Vegas.
4	Have eaten here twice now.  The blue cheese burger and the fried pickles are great.  The 32 oz PBR hits the spot on a hot day.
5	Awesome burgers, great service, milkshakes close to nirvana!!!
4	YUMMMMMMY! We do love Stripburger!I was in Vegas for a work conference and our team stayed at the Trump tower. The food at the hotel sucked and was terribly overpriced, so we ended up at Stripburger (the closest restaurant to our hotel) just about every day.The food is really fantastic and decently priced. My colleague couldn't get enough of their Atomic Burger and I loved the Turkey Burger. Their sweet potato fries are HEAVENLY. I even had a chopped salad here and that was good as well. We really enjoyed the friendly, speedy service and sat under heaters on their patio. If we were staying another day, I'd be ordering their pickle fries! If you're starving for a burger, I can't think of a better place in Vegas to go than Stripburger - you'll love it!
3	Went here for dinner with my girlfriend's family, who are regulars.  Opted for a "Southwest"-type burger with Chipotle mayo, onion strings, etc.  We split a basket of fries and more onion strings (LOTS of food), which were good.  Though the burger was on the pinker side (I asked for medium), it was delicious.  There is nothing really innovative about Stripburger (especially in a location with as many options as the LV Strip), but the food, service, and ambiance were very good.
4	We wound up here after some shopping at the Fashion Show mall. I have to tell you....this place was really really good!I ordered the blue cheese burger and my wife ordered the Veggie burger. She commented that this was probably the best tasting Veggie burgers she has ever had....My Blue Cheese burger was cooked perfect and had a nice flavor to it....really enjoyed this meal and we will return...this place was a great find!
3	This place was surprisingly packed and even at 9pm we had to wait 20 minutes for a table. It was fine though, we got a chance to chat up the cute hostess in the meantime.The burger itself is solid, but nothing extraordinary. I do appreciate that they use Wisconsin cheese though they are closer to California. The fries were so-so, but I was too hungry to care.Would definitely go back since it's a good meal at a reasonable price.
5	My fiance and I went to the Burger Bar at the Mandalay Bay the last time we were in Las Vegas and absolutely loved it. So I was a little worried when we decided to try another burger joint that I had also suggested. I originally saw a poster up when we stopped by the Primm outlets on our way into town. We ordered a Turkey Burger, A Hot Dog, Sweet Potato Fries and a Trio of Pickle Fries, Onion Strings and Fries. Everything tasted freshly made. I love it. I will definitely want to come here again the next time I come to Vegas. Prices were very reasonable as well.
1	Was there last 2 years ago but my experince then has kept me from going back. The food is mediocore at best and its  way over priced for what you get. A $60 bill for burgers, fries and shakes for 2 is just a joke. Maybe it's better now but I would doubt it. I would not be surprised if it were closed the next time I visit Vegas.
4	For better or for worse, I think I've eaten at Stripburger more than any other place in Vegas.  But for good food at a cheap price with great people watching, can you blame me?Pretty much everything on the menu is under $10, but it is a la carte.My standard order is:- shakin' lemonade (vodka, lemonade, and rosemary)- bleu cheeseburger (medium, with everything)- atomic cheese friesI've never been disappointed by their burgers and the atomic cheese fries are the greatest fries in Vegas.  Yes, the greatest fries in Vegas.  The fries all alone are good, but with the cheese sauce and peppers...best fries in Vegas.Prime people-watching spot.  Option to eat inside if you want.  Heaters are outside in the winter and misters in the summer.  Service can sometimes be spotty, but, for the most part, we have always been happy with the service.
4	This place is awesome! I really didn't think all the times I walked past this spot that it could compete with Burger Bar at Mandalay, however, my taste buds thought otherwise.Situated in a small corner on the outter-crest of the Fashion Show mall Stripburger lives up to the name by offering some excellent comfort burgers at their smaller yet, well maintained location.  The location offers a great view of the Wynn and makes you feel cozy just sitting there; onto the food.Calamari was decent; dipping sauce made itThe Fiesta Burger w/spicy chorizo was the special; it was fantastic I usual order my burgers medium-rare; it was spot on like I cook em' at homeThe sweet potato fries were delicious, can't wait to try the atomic firesThe service was great and the bar was packed with people; made for a great atmosphere.Overall, I thought it was awesome and can't wait to go back; go now!
4	I have lived in Las Vegas for almost 4 years and have never been to Stripburger until yesterday.YUM!  This place is great for people watching.  It's right on the strip (outside only entrance from the Fashion Show Mall) and across the street from the Wynn.  Great location.Started with 2 shakes:-Strawberry Shake: husband got this.  He loved it.-Cookies n' Cream Shake- delicious!  so good!Main Order:-Blue Cheese Burger: I think this what they are know for.  My husband LOVED it.  He said it was probably the best burger he has ever had. (and that is saying alot!) He said it was cooked perfect (medium) and he said the blue cheese with the onion straws were perfect.  Not too much and it was blue cheese crumbles, that melt onto the burger. (when you go to their website: http://lasvegasstripburger.com, the burger is the picture they have on there)-Veggie Burger: the best I have ever had!  Very moist, almost fell apart, but oh so good!  I would definitely get it again!-Fries: Their fries are enough for like 3 people.  They are really good!  You can tell they cut them in-house, with the skin on.  They taste really great!Just a great place to go and hang out.  During the spring/summer I am sure this place is SLAMMED!  It was a 60 degree day yesterday and they were busy.  Can't wait to go back and have some drinks too!OH!  There "slogan" is "Burgers, Shakes & Cakes".  They have "baby" cakes.  Next time I am going to HAVE to try their cake.  They sounded really good!
4	Great place to go on a nice day or after shopping at Fashion Show.  I really like their blue cheese burger and haven't had a better one in vegas yet.
4	We stopped in here after hitting the mall for some shopping.  Our server was great.  She was very helpful, and made some good recomendations.  I ordered their spiked lemonade.  It was great.  It had good taste and a nice kick.I had the burger special.  It was topped with chunks of chorizo, tortillo strips, and a spiced mayo.  It was very good.  The fries were also quite good.  We got them covered in queso and jalapenos.It was a little cool that afternoon, but on warm days it is a great place to watch the action on the strip.
4	Ordered the blue cheese burger & garlic fries.  Really good.  Service was good, too.
3	massive sized burgers. the burgers themselves weren't anything too special, but its got a nice outdoor seating area on the strip, and they have fried pickles!! it was a nice twist on fried foods.
4	Great place. Small burger joint, friendly staff. My fiance and I had the mini sliders, sweet potato fries, and a butterscotch shake to finish it off. The butterscotch shake wasn't that good, but everything else was awesome. Would definitely come back to this place!
3	The food was good, but this place didn't 'Wow' me.I had a turkey burger (on a Friday in Lent, God help me), which was pretty good, but I've had better. The fries were really good. And the hot fudge milkshake was super yummy!
4	Excellent Burgers. Solid Service.Stripburger is an outdoor only restaurant(it's associated with Cafe Bar-Ba-Reeba!), so the facility had plenty of outdoor heaters on hand(as it was a pleasent day, we turned our heater off).I had the burger of the day(a monstrosity with bacon, cheese, and assorted spices). VERY good. Our waitress was quick with the food, and made sure we were taken care of frequently.Bonus: Lettuce Entertain You owns stripburger, so we got points for our meal through thier rewards program.
5	My wife and I rate this place as the best burger in world!!!we have been here about 10 times and always love everything we get. The turkey burger is my personal favorite. we had one miss with the service one time but it was not such a big deal. this place is great!!
5	This place is DELICIOUS! We stopped by here during our honeymoon and it was our favorite place BY FAR. Surpassed Margaritaville, RA and every other place we went. Love love love Stripburger! Staff was always nice and the burgers were to die for. Even the old school burger was delicious!! Highly recommend it.
5	There burgers are amazingly good!!  It's a nice outdoor spot connected to the Fashion Mall right across the street from the Wynn.  Good prices, considering other places on the strip, and very tasty burgers.  I had the mushroom burger, which was good and a turkey burger another time which was probably the best turkey burger I've ever had!  Nicely grilled and very moist.  There garlic fries are also worth trying.  They also had good service.  Nice and friendly staff!  Take advantage of there happy hour: $2 beers, fries, sliders, etc.
5	Amazing Shakes/Malts!They give you a thick straw and it enables you to suck up the delicious brownie bits in the shake.Premium quality.The burgers and fries are really good to.
3	"Strip and go naked"Well I did. It's a lemonade/vodka/pilsner beer combo that just wasn't quite up to standards. Don't get me wrong, it was good, just not as tasty as other similar concoctions I've had. Perhaps it was their choice of beer added. 32oz for $17, and Amy the bartender was nice enough to add some extra fizz to it since it burned a bit much for me.Also tried the chili cheese fries, figured it'd go well with the drink. At first I turned my nose up at beans in the chili, but they actually turned out to be pretty tasty. $10 off $20 g/c from restaurant.com made this snack totally worth it. It IS good on alcohol too!
4	8 times out of 10, I love this place! Occasionally they'll mess up an order but are good about getting it fixed. Also the service is slow sometimes, but other than that.. everything is tasty! It's also a really cool place to sit outside & enjoy the view!
5	Very, very, very good.  I go the Bleu Burger and split the sampler (sweet potato fries, garlic fries, and fried pickles) with my aunt.  The pickles are amazing, the garlic fries were delicious, sweet potato fries were good.  The burger was tasty very good.   Then the icing on the cake.  The shake.  My aunt got a strawberry shake which was filled with bits of strawberry chunks on the bottom and it was amazing.  I got the Cookie and Cream it was topped with oreo's filled with oreo's throughout the vanilla shake and more on the bottom.  It was smooth and creamy and the big thick straw made it perfect to drink from.  It was a great meal and I will definitely be back.  I highly recommend this restaurant!!
3	Always good and handy, as long as it's nice out..... Tuna burger was ok, hamburgers are better and the sweet potatoe fries are very good!!
4	What?! Happy hour EVERYDAY from 4-7pm?! Yes. $2 on selected draft beers and $4 margaritas. Skip the margaritas and do the beer! I had the Hickory burger and it was great. It was cooked to order the way I wanted it, and with the condiments that I selected. It was just the right size too. Not quite as big as a burger from Island, and not as tiny as one from In N Out either. Also, I order a side of fries -- half sweet potato fries and half garlic and herb.  I asked for a side of the chef's special dippin' sauce with them on the side too. The atomic fries, which are topped with cheddar cheese and sliced jalapenos are great too. Just ask and you can mix what variety of fries you'd like. Good food, drinks, good location to people watch on the strip!
1	Bad service!!! We went to this restaurant with visitors from California and had the worse service ever!! Our waitress took our order and brought us our drinks and NEVER returned! 1 hour later our food was still not at our our table. The manager came over and finally told us that there was some glitch in the system and the kitchen never got our order! Note: even after the "manager" came over our waitress still never came by to apologize, re fill our drinks or even said "hello". He then said that our meal would be on the house and we wouldn't have to pay for anything....ok, great....but.......another 30 minutes later....still nothing (not even our waitress!!). Finally we had enough we tried to wave her and the manager down, but they seemed to be ignoring us. My husband had it....he approached the "manager" and asked him what was going on. He went to check on the food. By then we were over it. We decided to leave and as we were leaving, our food came. We still left. What was funny was that it wasn't even that busy, she was helping other tables but ours and the table next to us (party of 6) came after us and left before us!!! WTF??!! The manager was full of crap! We didn't care that the meal was free. Take care of your customers regardless!!! I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!!!!
5	Great burger joint!Stopped by with family last week and was very impressed. I usually steer clear of burger joints because they are well, burger joints. If I'm going to blow some money on food I may as well step up the notch and go to a finer dining establishment. Now that you know the type of person I am, for me to give this place 5 stars...it had to be good. Husband and I both ordered the blue cheese burger with garlic fries. Service was friendly and prompt, we got our food right away. One of the best burgers I've ever had. High grade meat, fresh ingredients, and cooked perfectly. Husband ordered a cookies and cream shake that was super thick and delicious. Great prices too, burger cost around $8 and we were able to share an order of fries for $3. Definitely will be back.
4	Either for late night cravings while drinking on the Strip, or a nice lunch Stripburger is a great place to go to get an amazing burger, kick ass drinks, and to die for fries.Order the Sweet Potato fries, or the Cheese fries, they won't let you down. I promise. Any of their burgers are good. I usually get the bacon cheese burger, or the chicken sandwich with avocado. Yeah the service can be a pain sometimes but let's be strategical people. Don't sit at the bar if you want food service; the bartender back there is awesome and is running her butt off behind that bar. Don't go during lunch and not expect to wait to sit down: You are at a restaurant right on the Strip outside of a Mall. I will continue to go back to Stripburger because at the end of the day the food and atmosphere are awesome.
1	2:30 p.m. After a day of shopping and having not eaten much of anything since we woke up, myself, my wife, and my friends decided we HAD to try this place out (It was recommended to my friend by a coworker of his). We sit down and order our drinks while we decide what's for lunch. Our waitress brings us only 2 waters even though there was 4 of us. They don't even have ice or the lemon we requested. We wait for her to return to ask for both straws and 2 more waters. We finally have to ask another waitress for both.2:50 p.m.Our waitress returns and takes our orders. Me, my friend, and his gf order burgers and cheese fries. My wife orders a bacon ranch salad. I also ordered an Oreo shake.3:20p.m.Our food arrives; delivered by a server. . We all want ranch sauce, but we haven't had our waitress come by since we ordered. 3:40ishStill no sign of our waitress or my shake. I finally have to ask for ranch from a server. My food is pretty good. My wife's salad however, has sand in it. She's disgusted. I ask to speak with the a supervisor, since I've been starting to get pissed off with this whole experience. He comes out, sees us, yet incredulously decides it's more important to talk to his friends, who are seated at a nearby table, about what they're doing today/tonight. He finally comes over to our table and I explain that her salad has sand in it. He insincerely apologizes and leaves with the salad. 3:50p.m. Fed up with the whole not being served, I FIND my waitress who's hidden down by the bar. Before I can even say anything to her, she blurts "my manager is taking care of everything." WTF! All I wanted to tell her is that I don't want either the shake that I have yet to receive or the sand salad remake. 3:52p.m. The manager comes out with both my shake and my wife's salad. I tell him to take them off our bill and that we didn't want them. He tried to tell us that it wasn't sand, it was finely ground pepper. BULLSHIT! I think my wife can tell the difference. Does pepper grind in your teeth like eating a sandwich when you're at the beach? NO!4:06p.m. Our waitress decides she wants to give us our bill. I pay and tip a red cent. Worst service ever! From the top down, it's very unprofessional. I hate complaining, but seriously, it took over an hour just to see our waitress again and I was the one who had to hunt her down. Do yourself a favor and go elsewhere. Somewhere that actually wants your service.
2	I used Priceline so am staying at the Trump Hotel, and this place was the closest within walking distance to grab something for dinner.  Unfortunately, I probably won't be going back.  I sat at the bar and ordered a turkey burger with pepper jack and a small salad to go - easy enough, right?  First they brought out a to-go bag with only the salad... the barback went back and 5 min later brought out a turkey burger.  I asked if it was turkey w/pepper jack and he said he didn't know so asked the barternder.  She said yes.  ?  Then there wasn't silverware or condiments in the bag, so the barback had to go back and retreive those as well.So, when I got back to the hotel to eat/work, there was no pepper jack.  I paid for cheese, certainly WAITED for cheese, but did I get cheese?  No, I got a mediocre burger so over-seasoned with pepper it was almost inedible.  (and I LOVE pepper, btw!)  Annoying I didn't get what I ordered.
2	Strip Burger is the indoor/outdoor burger joint attached to the Fashion Show mall on the Strip side. Since we had a $100 gift certificate and the prices are reasonable, we had the freedom to over order and had a fair sampling of their offerings.We started with three milkshakes, which obviously were a hit with the kids. The chocolate and strawberry were both good, but nobody really cared for the vanilla. It isn't too hard to blend ice cream with milk so no points were scored for this indulgent first course. My brother and I each had beer to go with our milkshake (bad timing) and my sister-in-law had a margarita that was shaken in one mason jar and served in another. The presentation was cute but because the drink tasted worse than a manufactured drink from a machine at Fat Tuesday's, all points were lost.Disappointingly, the burgers weren't that great either. We had their self-proclaimed famous blue cheese burger ($9.95) and the hickory burger ($9.95). The meat itself was alright, but they hadn't considered using a necessary moisture barrier between the meat and the bun. A juicy burger cooked on a flat top is bound to drip, so the best method for preventing this is to first set the patty on a paper towel after cooking to absorb the excess liquid, and then use some other ingredient (or ingredients) to form a layer between the meat and the bun so as to prevent the bun from getting soggy, such as lettuce, onions, etc. Despite the misleading picture on their website, the bottom half of the bun turned into a thin mush. The flavor of the meat and toppings were alright, but not good enough to compensate for the burger's shortcomings, so overall they weren't terribly successful.We also ordered the "atomic fries" ($4.75) which weren't atomic at all, though it is still hard not to make fried potatoes tasty with the addition of processed nacho cheese and green chiles. I wouldn't order them again, but shamefully we still consumed most of what was in the basket. The highlight of the meal was another side, fried pickles ($3.95). I had my hesitations but I am always intrigued by interesting fried things so we tried them out. The were crunchy, vinegary, and salty, and were served with a ranch dipping sauce. I could have had these and the chocolate shake and been very pleased with my lunch.Despite the mediocrity of the meal, the prices were still quite reasonable for a casual Strip lunch and I can see why the place is usually busy. Gourmands on a food tour of Vegas certainly wouldn't eat here, but if you have friends in town on a budget that don't want to venture off the Strip, this is certainly a place a recommend. It's hard to find a sit down restaurant with such a prime location elsewhere that would cost you anything less than twice as much.
3	I liked this place just fine.  The service was friendly and the food was pretty good.  We had a bacon cheeseburger that was pretty tasty (bacon was nice and thick) and a chicken caesar salad (good grill flavor on the chicken).  No complaints but not clamoring to go back.  They have Splenda (always a plus) and pretty good brewed iced tea.  It is a full service place, so be aware you'll be tipping.
3	My bf and I had our date night at Stripburger this past Friday. We arrived at the strip around 6 ish and believe it or not we still found a quick parking space at the Fashon Show Mall, which is not easy usually. I ordered the beer mojito, it was different. I wouldn't order it again eventhough I'm a fan of beer, check, fan of lime, check and mint, check, but just not all together. I also went with the famous Blue Cheese burger. Maybe I was imagining RedRobins Blue Ribbon but this while being good wasnt what I'd call world famous. If I had it to do over again I'd ordered it without the tomato which became soggy with the juice from the meat. and without the onion straws which too became soggy. yuck. I pulled them out and ate what I could. Now for the GARLIC FRIES, YUM! too full however to even put a dent into them, and sadly you just can't reheat fries. Plus who wants to walk around with a doggy bag up & down the strip?   MY bf went with the southwest burger - NOT on the menu. chipotle mayo, bacon and pepperjack cheese. He loves anything with heat but he still had to add tabasco so its not hot at all. and he went w/ the cheese fries.also delish. Had we known the fry buckets were so big we would have shared and still not finished  them by half!  Its a pretty good place, chilled out relaxed atmosphere. cool location b/c its one of those outdoor only places and the weather was perfect. I'd go back.  :) but i cant wait to try el segundo sol its attached to - awesome vibe indoors, kinda reminded me of san antonio a lil bit. (ah the best city in the world!)  and Maggiano's. I've heard good things and those 2 are bookmarked nxt!
2	Food is good but loaded with sodium. I've had the turkey burger, fried pickles and atomic fries. Make sure you drink lots of water to counter act the salt explosion in your mouth and have some tums ready. I wouldn't go there if my friend didn't absolutely love this place.
2	TO START OFF WE WAITED OVER 30 Minutes FOR A TABLE! not too sure because I had my daughter with me (As we all know Las Vegas is not a kid friendly town)when we finally got seated it was by the kitchen and there was no forks just 1 plate..so we sat for 5 minutes for the waitress to see that we have been seated in her area-NO Hello ,SORRY FOR THE WAIT-It was"so what will you have"!When the food did arrive my daughter burger was burn't- we ask for it to be a little pink-NOT burnt to a crisp, my chicken burger was dry as the desert and had too many fluff on it to hide the dry flesh that was once a chicken..To sum up strip Burger is it like the Elvis impersonator's it 's just wrong
4	this place is good. the burgers are really well made, they taste like burgers my mom would make at home. the milkshakes are really good as well, try the banana or the strawberry. the wings are good but ive had them three different times and each time they were cooked three different ways. also every time i get the fries they are not consistent as well. seems like whoever the cook is at the time just does his/her own thing. place is still really good though.
4	After walking to the Wynn to play some Craps, my friends and I saw this place with its cool green lights and open air seating from afar.  We walked up and were seated right away.  Our service was prompt and friendly.  I only ordered a drink, which was fantastic.  I believe it was a blackberry mojito of some kind.  It contained fresh mint, fresh blackberries, pineapple juice, and pineapple-vanilla vodka.  Oh god, it was so refreshing after a long walk.My friend ordered a regular cheeseburger.  From his reaction, I can guess it was just your average cheeseburger, nothing extremely special.  My boyfriend ordered some kind of orange martini.  I tried it and it was delicious too.  I  remember drinking it and thinking of the summer time in my childhood when I ate orange creamsicles from the ice cream man.  It had a cool atmosphere and good drinks.
3	Stripburger is in a very nice area of the strip and you can easily walk to if you are at the mall. I love the fact that there was outdoor seating and the scenery was not so bad either. I did not have  the pleasure of eating one of their infamous burgers, but I did try out the chili cheese fries. I was not very fond of them because the chili was a bit bland and watery. The sour cream and the Ketchup were lifesavers for this appetizer.
1	After reading all the great reviews on the burger, I finally arrived in L.V. after 20 years of absence. I might as well give it a try.Since I stayed at the Wynn Hotel, the burger joint is just across the street. The date was 28th June, 2010 on a very hot day. I was seated outside by the hostess. I waited and waited for 15 minutes while watching her talked to the other waiters and looking at me.She then came to me and said my server was no where to be found.I then stood up and said  "this is a very bad impression of the establishment" and left in disgust. I will never go back and give them a cent..........
5	Visited this for the first time recently after finding out it is owned by the same company of my favorite restaurant, Mon Ami Gabi. When we sat down to eat I was not in the best mood and the waitress was soooooooo awesome and nice even with my bad attitude. That made me calm down and act normal again. The food was unbelievably good. The ahi burger , the shoestring sweet potato fries - WOW. It was so amazing we came back a second time before leaving vegas and experienced the same amazing service and food all over again. WONDERFUL STAFF AND FOOD!!! Great job!Only thing - kinda pricey for a burger place. then again isn't everything in vegas expensive?
4	Great Grub.  Blue Cheese burger is fabulous.  Perfect spot to people watch on a nice evening.  Don't forget to try the deep fried pickles!
4	Service was a little on the slow side, but the food made up for it!
4	It's a good place to go to get your fix for burgers and all the fixings. The staff is awesome everyone from the hostess' to the bar tenders to the managers. They are a great place for lunch my favorite is their chicken sandwich it will not let you down and goes great with cheese fries. Also happy hour is great $2 beer and 4 dollar margaritas how can you go wrong. Problem is that the food comes out 2 times faster when your at the bar making it worth it to sneak a spot if there is one. The bartenders are amazing they are always fun and make sure that everything gets done right. The managers are great too they will talk with you and actually care that everything is good, and take the time to find out about your day and how all is going. Again its a good place to eat.
4	Been here a few times and left pleased each time.  The burgers are legit, the chili cheese fries are legit, and their "special mix drinks" are legit.  Little side note the late night happy hour is one of the best on the strip.
4	My coworker told me to stop by here when she found out i was coming to Vegas for the weekend. Delicious!! My hubby and I sat at the bar since it was crowded and feasted on their classic burger, chili cheese fries, and deep fried pickles. The burger was really good. My husband loved the chili fries and the pickles weren't bad. The bartender was on it that night. She never stopped moving but always remembered that we were there and filled up our drinks. The prices were reasonable. i will definitely stop by there again when I'm in Vegas.
4	Great place to sit outside, grab a late dinner, and watch the crowds on the strip.  The burgers are pretty good - probably not worth ten bucks in most parts of the country, but, hey, location, right?
4	Great service - win.Cooling misters to keep out the heat on the open patio - win.Blue cheese burger - win.Happy hour at midnight - win.Sweet potato fries - win.Fried pickles - win.Allowing us to order half pickles half fries to save money - WIN.Stripburger is across from the Wynn and is all win.
3	I know what you're thinking....but no, there aren't any strippers here. Well, there were...but they were off work at the time. ;) Our friend works here so he hooked it up for us. We tried a bit of everything and it was all great. Fried pickles, sweet potato fries, mushroom/swiss burger, turkey burger, bloody mary's and extra-delish margaritas. YUM. After a night out in Vegas, this was the perfect place to recover. And it looks like tons of other people think the same way, everyone looked a bit hungover. It's patio-only.....but don't worry, they have misters and plenty of shaded areas. I loved being able to people-watch here sitting high up on our barstools. For Vegas locals and tourists alike, this is a must-try burger joint for day or night. Ask to sit in Justin's section and tell him his Texas friends sent ya!
5	This place is awesome. We were greeted by the friendly hostess and had a great table by the sidewalk. Our waitress was friendly and awesome. She recommended two great bar drinks and we were not dissapointed. The burgers were outstanding and delicious. Be sure to order the sweet potatoe fries and string onions combo.  Everything about this restaurant was terrific.  Wish they had tshirts and etc to purchase to advertise and remind us of our great meal.
4	As in the past I walked away form Stripburger happy with the experience.  I ordered the three cheese burger along with the spicy atomic cheese fries.  The burger was cooked  medium as ordered.  That is so rare.  Most places ask, but no matter what you request it comes out well.  The burger was tasty and juicy.  The fries were great.  You get an ample portion.  There is plenty of cheese and jalapenos on them.I also ordered Jeff's Shakin Lemonade.  I generally stay away from these specialty type cocktails, but this lemonade is good.With this place you get good food, at a good price with a great view of the strip.
4	A few of us were heading to surrender nightclub and were starving and the 1st restaurant we see is strip burger!! We were glad to have stopped by here because the burger was delicious and juicy ( never frozen ) and the shake was very yummy! The staff was awesome, always made sure we all set =) Def a re-visit!!
4	Went here for an early dinner with a friend. It wasn't crazy busy so that was a plus for me since there was practically no waiting time. I ordered the famous blue cheese burger, and it was practically heaven on a bun. The meat was juicy and the ingredients were fresh. I also tried the calamari and that starter was so good. The dipping sauces they provided complimented every bite I took. Its definitely a great place to eat when feeling like a burger on the Strip.
3	At $9.99 for the special combo, this could be one of the better deals on the strip!  Got a Cheddar , Bacon burger (thick slices of Bacon) and side of fries.The fried pickles were surprisingly good.  Something about the frying process made the pickles not as salty as I would anticipate.
4	Really good hamburger with great sides.  You get served a big burger and can share sides....yes, they are big enough.  We got fried pickles, garlic fries and sweet potato fries.  The dipping sauce for the sweet potato fries was killer ... highly recommend you get to just try the sauce.  It is like a tangy bbq type sauce, but holy crap it's good.  It was a really good hamburger, but not the best I have ever had, thus only 4 stars.  A great place to give a try if you find yourself in Vegas looking for something out of the ordinary ... and even though its Vegas and its called "Strip Burger"  there are no strippers in case any of you were wondering.....
4	Stripburger is a solid choice for burgers, fries and shakes.  And sitting out in the open air, along the Las Vegas Strip will make you think you've sat down in a dream of tasty treats.  Their menu is filled with great burger, fry and milkshake choices.  When we were there we ordered up the bacon and cheddar burger, green chili cheeseburger and hickory bacon burger.  And Stripburger was close to spot on with each offering.  The bacon toppings were delicious and perfectly crisp.  The cheese was gooey and oh so good.  The patties themselves were solid, but not the greatest taste in the burger world.  Our complaint?  Green chilis that were pickled and spiceless.  Seriously?  If you're going to offer a green chile burger then knock me out.  The chilis should light my mouth on fire.  These chilis were tasty enough (i.e., I enjoy the taste of pickles), but bland when it comes to spice.We also ordered up some green chile fries and sweet potato fries.  The sweet potato fries are award-winning.  The chile fries?  Eh.  Same problem as the chile burger discussed above.  Sounds like a decent burger joint right?  So why the four stars?  Well, the answer lies in Stripburger's milkshakes.  Wow.  Just wow.  According to Homer, the Greek Gods reclining on Mount Olympus feasted on ambrosia.  The gods were cheated.  Ambrosia is boring nonsense compared to the Stripburger butterscotch or cookies and cream milkshake.  Sooooooooo good.  I'd head over there just for the milkshakes even if I didn't want a burger.
4	I'm still a Stripburger regular. As they have added items to their menu, I wanted to add a note about a couple of those...Baked chicken wings: Delicious! Very meaty and superb quality wings. While I very much wish they were buffalo wings as opposed to just BBQ wings, the flavor is good nonetheless. And the blue cheese for dipping is excellent.Chicken nachos: Fantastic! Large portion, pulled chicken tasted great, lots of cilantro, and so on. The flavors are incredible.I've worried that they are trying to expand too much, which could jeopardize quality. But so far, so good. Still never disappointed with the food.
3	CliffsNotes:  Didn't have stomach (already ate dinner) for the burgers but we ordered some of Stripburger's famed shakes.  The shakes were thick and creamy but your experience may vary.  The butterscotch was too sweet for my palate (threw out half of it) so I'm wishing I stayed with the plain old cookies and cream (which was more balanced).  [Original Visit: November 7, 2010]
5	We have been eating here for years...never have had a bad experience or a bad meal. The burgers are fantastic and the only problem is choosing which one! Our favorites are the Bleu Cheese Burger (so impressive), Cheddar Mushroom and Hickory Bacon. The burger itself is delicious and always prepared perfectly.  All the fries are tasty as well as the onion straws and the pickle fries ( a little saltier than I like). The sweet potato fries are the best! When our family & friends come to visit, they insist on eating at 3 places...Metro Pizza, Memphis BBQ and Strip Burger--Everytime! The corner it overlooks is always interesting and very entertaining! It's like dinner & show! Casual and perfect for the Vegas strip...I can't imagine ever being dissapointed at Strip Burger.
2	the small slider burgers were ok not anything out of the ordinary.. ordered the onion ring strips eh.. was not that great and the fried pickles was so greasy
2	Burgers are all good, nothing great.  The milk shakes are bomb though, and even though small, they are thick and rich.  Great view and tasty milk shakes make this a nice lunch spot, but thats it.
4	My husband and I came here on a Thursday night. We ordered a cheeseburger, fries and beer and the food was pretty good. Prices on the strip seem to be a little higher than at home, but that's to be expected. Service was good so next time I'm in Vegas I will consider coming back.
4	Good burgers:Reasonably hearty and had flavor to them. I remember the hamburger bread being incredibly soft and fluffy and still somehow kept its shape, which I really liked. I wouldn't say they have the best burgers in the world, but I think they're better than average and I wouldn't mind eating there again when I visit. I ordered the green chili burger and thought it was OK. I took a bite of my husband's bleu cheese burger and wish I got that instead (I should've listened to the waitress' recommendation :)). I don't normally like the taste of bleu cheese and the burger was still good!Fries:Their fries are good as well - I really liked their stringy onion rings. Drinks:I also liked their beer mojito and it's high on my list of favorite beers (I'm not an avid beer drinker though, so my preference may not be so hot with everyone). Service:Our waitress was nice, quick, checked in on us from time to time and also refilled our water without us asking, so it's good. I don't expect for more. It's a good place to eat and for a reasonable price, especially considering how expensive eating in Vegas can be at some of the restaurants. For the two of us, we ordered a basket of fries, an alcoholic beverage and 2 burgers and the total came out to be around $36 w/o tip. Hope you like it if you try!
3	Okay, so maybe it's against the law to have wine with a burger, but I don't usually follow the rules.  I had no choice here, where it's beer first, last and always.  Or a milkshake, which I haven't had since 1983 (so how come I'm not skinny?)   I would have preferred a Riesling, and even would have settled for a lowly white zinfandel.  Ix-nay on either.  Strike One for my first visit here.So I won't drink, and I'll have coffee instead.  "Yes, it's fresh," the waitress answered.  "Ah, but do you have milk for it."  "No, just cream." (See 1983 above). Strike Two.Strike Three came close to happening.  I ordered the mushroom and cheddar burger with a salad on the side.  I was about to throw in the towel after the waitress said the dressing was a lemon vinaigrette, which I'd love to love, but most vinaigrettes are too tangy for my delicate Princess mouth.  She saved the day by offering to let me have ranch, and I got the feeling she was doing me a favor because of the first two strikes.  Oh, she was very pleasant about it, but I just sensed this wasn't in the script.The burger was excellent, but almost rare, instead of the medium I ordered.  I like rare hamburgers, but the Food Police tell me not to eat them.  It didn't have a lot of the cheddar, which was fine with me, and the mushrooms were fresh and plentiful.  My husband had the same thing, and enjoyed his.  One friend ordered the turkey burger, and the other had the ahi tuna.  They loved them both.  We also shared a basket of the sweet potato fries, not usually high on my list, but these were delicious and not greasy or oversalted.Would I go back?  Probably, as long as I remember to bring my hip flask.
5	Burgers were juicy and delicious, bun was soft and buttery! Sweet potato fries were to die for and the staff was consistently pleasant.  We also had chicken wings that were crispy and flavorful and guacamole that was like homemade! Happy hour and specials were super perfect and even though it was about 50 degrees while we dined at Strip burger the outdoor lamps kept us warm and toasty.  Honestly out of all the places to eat in Vegas and we ate here 3 out of the 5 days we stayed. A must try! And the music selection will keep you seriously entertained!
4	Great Atmosphere!(depending on the weather)Good beers, great Value, everything on the menu is under 10$Everything is made fresh on site.Please try the Atomic Cheese Fries with a molten jalapeno/cayenne cheese sauce and the Blue Cheese Burger or the Mushroom Cheddar Burger and dip them into the molten Cheese Sauce!   Its a Heart Attack!  But its worth it!
5	Any time I find myself in Vegas I HAVE to come here. The atomic fries pretty much hooked me for life. I can't get enough of this place. Not only are the burgers insanely yummy but so id everything else. If you don't like spicy things they do also have cheesy fries. If you've read any of my reviews you'll know by now that I LOVE CHEESE! My heart goes out to you lactose intolerant people :(Anyways, last time I was here was when I was in town for CES2011 and our waitress was super nice. Now I''m not sure if the service was just slower that day or because I was about ready to eat the small child at the next table...could have been both, but I'm going with the latter. I managed to shovel down a burger and a bowl and a half of atomic fries...holy orgasm in my mouth. After coming here I pretty much always end up coming out looking 10 months pregnant but I will never regret it (thank you fast metabolism!) Would recommend this as a great lunch or late dinner burger joint..they also serve extra large drink sizes for alcoholic beverages so thats always a plus :)
4	A very rich and flavorful burger. I had read Yelp reviews beforehand and told my friends it would be an overwhelming amount of food but they still insisted on us each ordering our own fries. Because of this we were able to sample every kind but were not able to finish any of them. What made it even more convenient was the fact that it was write across the street from our hotel, the Wynn.
3	We finally reached the end of the strip, okay I guess you could go ALL the way to Stratosphere, but we all know that's way too far.  Anyways, we were hungry for some lunch considering we were hungover from a Bellagio buffet dinner the day prior.  We had a yard from Fresh but sadly we couldn't take it in with us so we were forced to take out food.  We ordered a BBQ Chicken Sandwich.  It cost about $10 which is pretty steep for just a sandwich/burger.  It was good, but not $10 good.  Good crisp and spice, but just way too expensive.  Kind of glad we took it out so we were able to drink our yard while we ate the food in the food court on the third level of the Fashion Mall.
4	Delicious shakes. By the end of the week when I was craving veggies I had the Mexican Salad here and was pleasantly surprised. The chicken was grilled well, still juicy and flavorful, and the veggies were fresh. Prices were reasonable, especially when compared with other restaurants on the strip.
2	Good food. Astonishingly bad service.I Showed up at about 10:30 on a Thursday night.I could see that there was at least one waiter - though he looked pretty swamped - so after about a half hour of nobody taking my order, I went up to him at the register and asked if I could place an order.He told me to order at the bar.I went to the bar, and the bartender there told me to order from the waiter.I went back to the waiter who told me that it was too late to order food, and then he went to another table, and took their food order.I went back to the bar (it's now after 11PM) and tried to get a beer.She said that last call had already happened.I tried to be polite when I told her my opinion of her unannounced last call and the complete waiter fail. She grudgingly  agreed to put in an order for me.The food was tasty, but not worth the disastrous lack of service.
3	Location Location Location: that's about all this place has going for it.  The burgers are just ok.  I ordered mine medium rare, but it came out about medium.  That's just a huge minus in my book.  If I were rating this place based solely on doneness, I would have given one star.The fries were fries.  Not sure I could have gotten any better than that.  At least they weren't limp, cold and/or overly greasy.  The garlic fries were pretty garlicky (duh) and onion rings were nice and big.  One of my companions ordered a bowl of chili.  Why you come to a burger joint and order chili - or why a burger joint even offers chili - is beyond me.  But whatever.  The chili comes and my companion is like, "this is a bowl?"  The eensy weensy ramekin has roughly four or five large spoonfuls of chili.  I might be exaggerating (not much), but for the price, you'd really expect a bowl to be, well, a bowl. The service was acceptable, though we did see the bottoms of our drinks a few too many times.  What's strange is that our server took our glasses from us and went in the back to get refills.  I am not sure why they don't have pitchers or why she didn't just bring us an additional glass.  Whatever it was, refilling could have been far more efficient.After having a below average burger, average fries and passable service, I'm not sure why anyone would go out of their way to come here.  I guess the old business adage about location is true.
5	I love this place.Great food, great service, and a spot right on the strip outside the Fashion Show Mall.The open-air, outdoor location guarantees environmental factors while munching on them epic fries. Hot days can be remedied with a cold beer from the tap, and those cold nights will be much better once that burger reaches your table. I once had my lunch fly off the bar towards what I can only assume to be the Wynn blackjack tables during a particularly windy day.The bar staff are always super-friendly and willing to go the extra mile just to make your visit enjoyable. I'm a guaranteed repeat customer, rain, shine, or gale-force winds - I'm always down for some burgers, beers, and awesomesauce fries.
5	OMG My best friend had been bugging me to go here for awhile and I finally listened to her advice.  Amazing burger!  Amazing fries!  Amazing alcoholic shake!  YUM!! My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  I want to go back to Vegas just for this place!Seating is outdoors only. They have heat lamps but you might want to be prepared with a jacket on the cool evenings!
5	We arrived in Vegas just in time for lunch. After checking my mother's luggage at the Wynn we roamed around looking for a place to eat. Being hungry and a bit cranky we decided to go somewhere before I got to the "Feed me now or it's off with your head" stage. Lo and behold a burger joint across the street! Stripburger is an all-outdoor eatery with shaded tables and of course: full bar. The friendly hostess greeted & seated us quickly. Scanning the menu, two things quickly caught my eye: the green chile cheeseburger and the pickle fries. H ordered the hickory burger and my mother settled on the daily special which was the bacon cheeseburger with small fries. We ordered a side of fries (the burgers do not come with a side). The pickle "fries" came out first but were actually chips instead of spears. I was expecting spears and prefer them over the chips but these fried sour pickle chips were pretty darn good! I have come to the conclusion that the best pickle to batter and fry is the good old sour dill. Sliced thin and coated with a light crispy batter, these pups didn't last long. Our burgers arrived and Whoa Nellie are they huge! My burger was laden with roasted Hatch green chiles, melted pepper jack cheese, tomatoes, pickles, lettuce and onions. The burger was thick, juicy and full of flavor. Grilled to perfection and served piping hot once I picked it up it never kissed the plate again. Fries? What fries. I was too busy with my burger. I did manage to try one and it was a-ok. But really you don't need no stinkin' fries! H declared his burger superior to the Cheeseburger in Paradise found you-know-where. The staff's friendly and they work together well. I spotted several heaters for when the weather is cold but have no idea what they do when summer hits L.V. If you are looking for a quick, cheap and insanely great burger look no further than Stripburger.
4	Went to have dinner with some co-workers and we all agreed on Strip Burger! It is located right beside the fashion show mall, towards the strip.  It is also an outdoor setting, so beware come summer time!! There are about 10 burgers to choose from, and all are about $10 each, without fries! So, I'm guessing that's pretty pricey for just a burger. I recently tried the Southwest chipotle burger, and the burger was A-ok!! I'd have to say the famous blue cheese burger is what keeps me coming back!! Another must-try are the onion strings!! An order can be shared until it is all gone! =DThe chocolate shake is also magnificent! You can just taste and feel the chocolate bits melt in your mouth!! I wish there was a happy hour, or maybe there is? One that I don't know of yet!
5	I'm disappointed, some of the yelpers must have really bad taste!  I actually enjoyed this place! When I was in Las vegas  like a week ago with my sisters, we were walking on the strip and we all had the same intention of wanting a good burger.  So I got out my iphone and located all the local burger joints and strip burger came up! We've been passing it for years ,but never bothered to even try it!   I looked at the reviews here on yelp through my phone and we wondered why so many people were giving this place such bad reviews. With doubt in our minds, we were very hunger and craving burgers so we were just like f*&* -em let's try it for ourselves and see what we think.it's a pretty hip joint, it's all out doors,  the place has a great view of the strip,they got a full bar, the waiters and waitresses are pretty out going people, and so that was a plus.The service here was great, out waitresses never let our glasses remain empty and brought out our food fast.She was very accommodating and helpful. No complaints here.What I really loved about this place is the fact that they use all natural non-frozen beef and ingredients! As a Organic/Natural consumer thats a major plus right there. Nothing beats natural! I ordered a cheeseburger with American, and shared their natural cut herb Garlic fries with my sister and I was astounded!  The burgers here are delicious and the beef patties are cooked to perfection. The meat is oozing with juiciness and so much  flavor and the produce such as the lettuce,tomato and onion were extremely fresh and complimented the burger greatly!  The Herb Garlic fries are to die for! Like I said,  they're Natural cut and  cooked to order and they are loaded with lots of garlic! You'll be scaring of the vampires for quite a while! As guy who loves a lot of garlic, Strip burger  is right on the money with these fries! They do them better than Gordon biersch!  I was excepting a mediocre Burger and meal at best, due to reading all these reviews! but dining here has taught me is that you cannot always rely on the opinions of others, because we're all different and have different perspectives. You gotta try things out for yourself in life and have your own opinion about it.   Stripburger is officially in my Top 5 burger joints and have some of the best burgers that I've ever had! Next time if you're in Las vegas on strip and  you want an outstanding  burger then  come to Stripburger and you're going to love it!
4	I have to break my review of Stripburger down into two parts because the day my husband and I ate there, we loved it so much we went back again that night. We managed to land both happy hours that day - they have two!!! Part 1: Around 5:00pm, we sat down at the bar at Stripburger and ordered 2 PBRs at $2. We ordered the Mexican Chicken Salad and the Mushroom Cheddar Burger to split. Both were amazing. We have been living in Las Vegas for around 2 months, and this is not only one of the best places we've found to eat but also EXTREMELY reasonable in price. Especially considering that it's on The Strip - the poster street for the overpriced cheap imitation of the real thing. The service was alright. There were times were I was wondering when the bartender was going to get around to us - but it's only because we had somewhere to be within the next couple of hours and we are rockin' the bus and pedestrian forms of transit these days. Part 2: Around 11:30pm that night, we bellied up to the bar and ordered some more beer. My hubs stuck with the $2 PBR, but I decided to go for the $3 Sierra Nevada. The bartender was named Amy...which stood for AWESOME. She hooked us up with a sauce for our Ahi Tuna Burger that wasn't really on the menu. They call it the "churri" and it's basically serrano peppers blended with salt, oil, some herbs. It was incredible although a bit spicy for me - my lips were burning for the next couple of hours. The flavor was impeccable. The Veggie Salad was also pretty tasty. I did prefer our earlier Mexican Chicken Salad - what can I say, I like my lime dressings. I have to say again that Amy was seriously amazing. She was kind, leveled with us, and gave us good locals tips since we're new in town. The best part: I didn't realize until our second visit to Stripburger that their burgers are 100% all natural beef that is hand selected for quality. They are also all grilled to order. Their fries are also hand cut potatoes that are fried in trans-free oil. Just two all natural burgers cost Pete and I $20 at a place in NY that wasn't half as good. At Stripburger? The whole meal each time - that's salad, burger, and a three beers - cost $25. You know, they're right. I would strip for one of these burgers.
4	Good burgers, good drinks, good service.  We had a restaurant.com coupon for this place so spent a good amount of time here.  Most of the cocktails were pretty creative and a good size.  The fried pickles were tasty and so was the famous blue cheese burger.  I left happy, tipsy, and full.
4	Conference lunch... Good burger... that gets a 4Good sweet potato fries and sweet BBQ dipping sauce gets a 4Fried pickles were excellent, get a 5Staff seemed slow for them not really being busy... but nothing bad. Very friendly however. When in Vegas I'd go back for sure.
4	Best. Blue. Cheese. Burger. Ever.There is nothing else that can even come close.I don't know what they put on their blue cheese burger, but it's like pure yumminess mixed with blue cheese!Great fries. And the fried pickles were a pleasant surprise!One star off for possibly having to beg for indoor seating.
3	Decent. Believe it or not they actually serve burgers, and if you are way too fragile  to handle a large helping of charred flesh ( as I was ) they do a mean chilli and some decent soups.The service was good, but one thing I must report - they serve absolutely without question the worst bloody mary in the history of the world. Bland. Weak. Almost tastless. A shot of vodka and a splash of ketchup would be more invigorating than the pathetic excuse for a pick-me-up this otherwise fine establishment offers its hung-over patrons.
2	I went to Vegas for the first time this past weekend and I had heard good things about this restaurant. It was a toss-up between here and Burger Bar, but I went with this one.I sat at the bar and ordered the Southwest Burger because I wanted the chipotle mayo. It's toppings were listed as pepper jack cheese and chipotle mayo. I also ordered the sweet potato fries and an Orange Whip alcoholic beverage. The burger was mediocre at best. I didn't taste any Southwestern flavors and the cheese was bland as well. The chipotle mayo was good, but the flavor was not strong enough, which is the reason I got the burger in the first place. There was nothing spectacular about the burger whatsoever. I could've had a V8, as the commercial goes. However, the sweet potato fries were to die for! I loved them and couldn't stop eating them and had I known better, would have just ordered an order of those and skipped the burger. They were hot, sweet potato-y and had salt (sea salt or other large-grain salt) on them. The salt was almost too much....almost. They came with this BBQ-like sauce that complemented them so well. Yumm! I'm having flashbacks! The Orange Whip beverage had a great taste, but a little more alcohol would've ramped it up tremendously. It's also pretty pricey. I had a burger, sweet potato fries and a 16 oz. alcoholic beverage for $28, not exactly cheap and not worth it either!The service was not great. I sat at the bar, the bartender took my order, someone else brought out my food and the bartender didn't ask me about another thing until she saw my napkin on the plate and then gave me the check. I'm sure they're not that concerned with the service with where it's located, but the service could have been much better. The only reason I gave this restaurant two stars was for the sweet potato fries. Those were the only redeeming qualities of this experience. I only ever go back for the fries and skip the burger.
5	Best spot on the blvd! (in my opinion)Especially for happy hour when the margarita's are $4 and pack a punch.The guacamole with there chips are awesome.Friends enjoyed there food as well.Staff including the bartender are friendly. Bathrooms are nice and clean.Will defiantly run to this spot next time I'm in the area.YaY! =0)
5	I love the location....in the fashion show mall. Our service was pretty efficient and our server Connor was very helpful. This was my first time and I was very pleased with my burger, I loved the yummy sauces!! I also loved the garlic fries, thanks to our server for all the suggestions. I will definately come back....
2	This review is strictly for the cheese fries and mini sliders. Our friend had a blue cheese burger that she enjoyed very much but since I did not taste it, I will not review it.I had ordered the cheese fries and the cheese did not look so good. Once I tasted it, I realized it was not real cheese. It tasted very rubbery and fake, almost like cheap nacho cheese from a dispenser. I ate most of it because I was buzzing pretty good and needed something to eat. I was not impresed with the meal.I also split mini sliders with my girlfriend and they as well weren't all that great.  We looked at the sliders and they had a disproportionate amount of bread to burger size. The mini slider was very narrow thrown on in the middle of a big bun of sorts that was big for a slider size. It made eating the slider somewhat difficult. Overall, not impressed.Lastly, a drunk pirate with his bird made me pose in a picture with him outside the restaurant. Not only did his bird shit on my arm, he of course spilled his beer on me as well. He was kind enough to wipe the crap of my arm with his jacket and wash my arm with beer. Nice guy....
4	Good burgers and good prices.   The beer specials were pretty good too.
4	This place was initially planned out as a "drink" spot before we began our debauchery-like antics in Vegas for that day, but turned out to be our dining spot as well.Before you start planning to eat here, please note that if you go to www.restaurant.com you can purchase a coupon which allows you to have a portion of your bill taken off if you spend "x" amount of dollars - - AND THIS INCLUDES ALCOHOL! That's the only reason this place was considered prior to our group taking the trip to Vegas. Our coupon was a $100 gift certificate for $200 (or more) of food and drink.So now for the food.....it was.....well, good! Quite a few of us had the turkey burger (we added guacamole). There was nothing super extravagant about it, but it was definitely a good turkey burger. Our table had the trifecta of fries: fresh-cut, garlic herb, and sweet potato. The sweet potato fries were the only ones that did not get devoured. They just didn't work for us. Kinda gross actually. A few of us actually went back the next day for late night eats. I had the Ahi Tuna burger. Good and unique tasting, but that's all. Just....good.Now, if you're a drinker you might have came to the right place! The Jumbo Cocktails will get you where you need to go....if you're choosing to go "there" (this is where the restaurant.com coupon really comes in handy). They come in 16 and 32oz. mason jars. The 32oz. Tableside Margarita won't disappoint you! Also, be careful! Some of the people in our party had some drinks that were not too tasty. I'm not sure which ones they are, but get a quick taste before your waiter/waitress leaves the table in case you need to send it back and order something else.Overall, it was a great experience! Great waiter, great atmosphere, great weather, great drinks, and uh....good food :-)
3	Even thou the food was great our server was atrocious.  To make matters worst, the gentleman that was supposed to be the "manager" was actually even worse.  After the server made a rookie mistake of giving us the check for the wrong table and spending about 20 minutes trying to figure what went wrong, we decided we had enough and asked for a manager which ended up being not a great idea.  All he did was defend the mistake and keep us even longer, and at no point did he apologized or tried to make amends.It probably doesn't mean much to them, but as a frequent customer and a business owner myself, that is NOT how a business should be run.Embarrassing for you, Stripburger, and you are not the only burger joint in Vegas, so moving forward you will NEVER see another dollar from my wallet.....
4	I've only been here once.  We ended up getting a really good deal on a gift certificate for here & I decided to use one night as part of an elaborate plan to surprise my fiancee w/ New Kids on the Block tickets ( the show was that night ).Their burgers are really good & their sides are great too.  I suggest the Hickory Bacon Burger ( minus the onions for me ).  We got the "Threesome" as an appetizer which includes fries, pickle fries, & onion strings.  They're awesome!Definitely worth going.  A little pricey but the seating, outside, on The Strip makes up for it in my book.
4	I was a little unsure because several people had mentioned bad service but I had a $50 coupon (restaurant.com) that required spending $100 so I thought why not.  Not only was it fun and good, I loved the onion strings and pickle fries, but also our server Nick was really fun.  Once he got to talking to us he made us feel like we were way cooler than any of his other tables and even said 'you're leaving me?' when we asked for the bill.  We probably would have stayed longer and gotten really tanked if we didn't have tickets for Cirque du Soleil because he was so much fun.  They don't wear name tags so just look for the young guy with the big studs in his ears.
5	Great burgers! the location was nice, outside and looking at an intersection of the strip. great for people watching while chowing down on a delicious burger. prices are good for vegas, too.
4	I have been wanting to try this place for a really long time, since my first visit to Vegas in late 09. We finally went there last night. I was with my boyfriend and his Aunt. After the long trek to get over to the area, we were seated super fast in the bar area outside. Our waitress was really nice despite how busy they were. She kept filling our glasses with ice cold water - we were all thirsty and HOT!!! My boyfriend and I ordered the veggie burgers, and his aunt ordered the green chile burger. We shared a "threesome". The order came extremely fast. I fell in love with my veggie  burger at first bite. If you are vegetarian and need something good - this is it. It is $9 and HUGE. If I wasn't starving I would have only been able to eat half. My boyfriend still got a 1/5th portion of mine that was left over. It was truly fantastic. The threesome was delicious too. The onion strings (which I cleverly placed on my burger) were yummy. The fries were so-so but not awful, and the PICKLE fries were SO good that we ordered a single serving of them. They were surprisingly delicious and worth trying. I recommend getting the threesome if you are with a group so if you like them, you can always order more! We had a restaurant.com $10 cert so our order came to $30 after that deduction. The staff was really attentive despite the busy night. The Aunt was afraid of her medium burger and the chef was extremely sweet about it and offered her a new one if she didn't feel comfortable eating it. Overall, a great experience. I just HATE how hard it is to get there and back to your car on a late night.
4	Tasted strip burger at the taste of las Vegas food festival.  It was great.  Although I haven't been able to visit them at their actual location I will be sure to when presented with the opportunity.
5	I have been thinking about this hamburger place A LOT since returning home from Vegas last week!! Strip Burger served me the best hamburger I have had in a long time. I wasn't sure if the reason it tasted so amazing was because I was sooo hungry (or maybe a little drunk) so I surveyed the other 5 people I was with. Everyone agreed- their hamburger was amazing!! This is the perfect place to come if you have been drinking at the tables all day and have a little buzz on so don't really want to spend the money or time at a fancy dinner.
2	Our order was totally burnt! Why would a cook send chili fries out burnt? Why would the server actually serve them burnt! Aslo, the chili... nothing special at all. Tasted like Hormel chili from the can. Seriously for the price of two burgers and an order of chili cheese fries it was $35 you would think they would actually taste good. Never go back.
5	We had a restaurant.com coupon for this place and decided to try it on our last trip to Vegas.  It is located on the outside of the Fashion Show Mall.The restaurant is outdoor seating but very comfortable even in 105 degree heat.  The misters and a breeze keep it very comfortable.  We had eight people in our party and were seated immediately.  The specialty is their bleu cheese burger which 3 of us ordered and subsituted the regular burger for a veggie pattie.  It was very delicious.  The others said their regular burgers were great as well.The burgers don't come with fries but a basket is more than enough for three and the sweet potato fries were great.  The onion rings were huge and delicious.We also had the fried pickles which were very tasty.Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable about how much to order and what ingredients were included in the burger.  Substiutions were no problem.I really enjoyed the visit here and will probably go again if visting Vegas in the future.
4	Fast food and casual dining is in short supply along parts of the Las Vegas strip. This is especially true in the Fashion Show mall area. Sure, you could go to the food court, where a $3 Wendy's hamburger costs $5. You could go to Panda Express and get some Chinese-flavored food. Or, you could go outside and get something a lot better for just a little bit more. Stripburger's a small, upscale outdoor hamburger stand. It's waited service, and there's a full bar. Burgers will run you $6-$9, side dishes like fries will add another $3-$6. Definitely a good alternative if you're starving and don't want to drop a $20 on lunch. Unfortunately, the smallest order of fries will most likely be too much for one person, so bring a friend to share.
5	Ok honestly, the reviews online are NO joke. This place is legit and bomb! If you are in Vegas, this is a must! Once we left Vegas, all we could think about were the burgers. If you are a bleu cheese fan, you will love it here! They have a famous bleu cheese burger (add bacon). I got the mini sliders :) absolutely to die for! Go check it out and thank me later. The food, price, atmosphere = A+ It's outdoor seating, with water fan misters ..great service! Awesome drinks, must try
2	The fries and fried pickles were really good. The boozy drinks looked really good... but the burgers were really weak. My veggie burger was disgusting. I had to send it back it was so bad. Then I got a salad and it was really small for $10, and it was pretty boring. The sweet potato fries had sugar all over them, ew...  and it's all way overpriced. Smashburger is so much better, or better yet just stick to the classic In-n-Out. But if you're on the strip, want some drinks, and don't mind paying $10 for an average burger, then go for it.
4	Happy hour alert! Monday-Friday from 4-7. Got there at 3:30 and ordered a Blue Moon and Sierra Nevada for $4.75. Also got an order of the cheese fries (5.75). The fries are super crispy and blazing hot. Be careful when popping them in your mouth. My tongue is still numb. My only complaint is that they use American cheese (Kraft singles style) and sprinkled with cheddar. The strong processed cheese taste was overwhelming.Once happy hour hit, another Sierra Nevada went down to 2 dollars and two sliders were only 5. The beef patties were super juicy and the dressing was simple. They came with chopped lettuce, diced tomatoes and onions with a thousand island dressing on an egg bun. For our pre and post happy hour order, our bill came out to be twenty dollars and change. All the seating is outside, but with the misters, it was comfortable. The bar is the place to sit. Our bartender was attentive, but left us alone. That is the best service I could ask for.
4	This place is nice! I like that it is outdoor... always a fan of a patio restaurant. I went ahead and ordered a veggie burger because their name is "strip burger" and I'm always on a hunt for delicious creative veggie burgers. Their veggie burger was not mushroom or soy based like the other ones but with brown rise, seeds, and nuts! It tasted kind of like potatos but it was very fulfilling. There were no unique sauce so i used the regular ketchup and mustard which is fine but I couldn't stop thinking how much High Fructose Corn Syrup I was putting into my mouth because most brand ketchup is filled with that crap. But the burger in general was good but nothing special. I also ordered a "three some" which included fried pickles, fries, and onion fries. the onion fries were stringy, sweet and hard to eat but yummy. wish they were in my veggie burger! it would've been delicious with it! the fries were regular but good and my friend and i both enjoyed the deep fried pickles! a weird sensation of crunchy pickles. :D I would definitely recommend this place for a quick lunch stop!
5	My favorite casual restaurant in Vegas- hands down! Cool atmosphere and perfect place to people watch on the strip...Food:I love the mini burgers- plain with american cheese and ketchup!! YUMMY!!! My husband loves a good ol fashion cheeseburger. We always split a side of fries as well. They are perfect combination of crispy outside and soft inside. Drinks: The only thing we ever get is the 32 oz. Chambord Rita!! Delicious! (It's our way to get a fix of Z Tejas). It's best to share one so you can drink it before it melts and then order a second one. Service:We have our favorite servers- Tyson and Justin! Very personable and make lunch/dinner fun. If you go- tip them 20%+Happy Hour:great! $2 mini burgers, $2 fries, $2 beers (select ones) and $4 margaritas! You can get a lot of food for really cheap!!Sign up for the lettuce entertain you rewards card! You earn points and get $10 rewards to be used at the restaurant. They also have a texting program. Once every 2 weeks or so I get a promo sent to me for some menu item free :)
4	Food was fabulous!  Onion rings, perfect!  Blue cheese burger and mini sliders, great!  Service, lacking a bit.  We got to Strip Burger around midnight one Saturday night.  We immediately ordered drinks and onion rings as we waitied for the rest of our partie to arrive.  It seemed to take the bartender forever to pour 2 freaking beers!  The beers arrived after the onion rings.  The waitress was great!  Definately will be back again.
4	Such a fun place to pop in and eat if you happen to be at Fashion Show. Their medium well burger is really a well done burger so if you don't want it well done get it medium. Love their sweet potato fries and their southwest burger. Make sure to check it out if your on the strip.
5	Full Disclosure: I have never eaten a bite of food at this place. We discovered this on a walk to Capital Grille and were instantly hooked (and 20min late to meet our group at the Grille). Their happy hour is the best I have had in Vegas and the bartenders have always rocked. Not a big place so if you can belly up to the bar then go for it. It felt like the $1 (maybe $2) happy hour drinks lasted forever.
5	Top notch burger joint.  I cannot stress how good the cookies and cream shake with a shot of bailey's tasted.  That's what stood out from this meal.    I thoroughly enjoyed the blue cheese burger ordered rare.  They nailed the texture on this one.  Had a side of garlic herb fries which were exactly how I like it, not overpowering with the smell but with a nice kick to the taste buds.  When a burger joint nails the burger, fries, and shake, how can I not give this place 5*.
4	We went to Stripburger because we had a $35 off coupon from restaurant.com.  We went at night and even though it was still really warm outside it was comfortable especially with the misters blowing.  We both had burgers and I had the bacon cheddar burger which was very good.  We both had cocktails but I don't remember which one I had.  My boyfriend had the homemade lemonade cocktail which he said was good but he didn't like the "tree branch" that they put in the glass lol!  We shared the chilli cheese fries and those were very tasty too.  We will definitely be coming back on our next trip to Vegas!
5	Best Burger and Fries ANYWHERE!  Very friendly,cool server. Also nice and clean restaurant!.
5	Great burgers and shakes. Nice escape from the indoor casinos and shopping centers
3	I was not crazy about the burger I got (3 mini cheeseburgers) but I do love their pickle fries!!! I never liked pickles until now!
4	The shakes are REAL and delicious..enough for two to share!  Burgers are so JUICY and fries were fresh!!  Also had a Long Island that was great and wasn't watered down.  I had visited from CA..my friends live Vegas, but hadn't ever been here bofore.  So I told em I had been here to eat on a previous visit to Vegas and wanted them to try it.  They loved the burgers and one of em tried a Veggie Salad that she really liked too..lots of diff veggies..plus she asked for a side of shredded cheese to add to it.  My house salad was very good too!!  :)  The four of us enjoyed sitting outside at a barstool height table..there are also regular height tables and a bar.  We will all be back here for sure :d  The  girl server was okay, but the guy's attitiude who served us the food was even more nice!
4	YUM! Loved their burgers! It was great for lunch. I got a specialty burger they were offering with Chipotle and Cilantro... it was so good! Very tasty. My husband loved his burger also.  Fries were yummy too! Cute place for a quick bite.
5	Great bar to just stop in n have a quick drink... But wait there's more... Their burgers are the best I have had and I have been a restaurant manager for over 8 years in Las Vegas... Go see bartender Daizee and you will not only get great knowledgable service but a real good interactive time.. that's right she will actually talk to you, know what she is pouring and have an intelligent conversation with you.. not like every other hot bartender in Vegas... Happy hour beer is cheap and flows ice cold as well...
5	Great burgers...awesome threesome
4	Burgers are big and you either need a ridiculously large mouth or to squish the bun down a little to be able to bite into them. Southwest burger I had was on point. Service was good everything came quick and we were checked out periodically.Thoroughly enjoyed my 32oz drink that was orange something and came in a big jar. Totally necessary.I wasn't thrilled with the threesome of sides, fries were good, and omg was I in love with their pickle fries, but half the basket was onion strings which I could have done without.Coming over to offer dessert the waiter let us know that if we weren't interested in the milkshakes he could bring over the dessert menu from the Mexican place next store which is the same owner (and I guess kitchen). I kinda wish I was the one to order the chocolate cake instead of just just having a few bites.
4	Good experience at this place. To be honest, the burgers were not overwhelmingly amazing, but very good. Perhaps it's because my friend over hyped the place. Anyhow, the atomic fries are great because they're fried crispy, but not burnt, and it's covered with velveta cheese as opposed to melted grated cheese like many other places. The burgers were fresh, but again, not so big on flavor. I did however have the banana milk shake- that was pretty damn good.
5	I've been hearing that Stripburger has the best burgers in Vegas and I knew I had to try it. It was on my list of things to do during my most recent Vegas trip. My girl and I went there on our way out of Vegas. We got there at about 10am on a Friday. Well, they don't open until 11 so we wandered around and came back at 11. We got a really friendly server with what we thought was an Australian accent. Turns out he was actually from Boston. He was very prompt with the order taking and made a couple suggestions with the food as well. His suggestions probably made my burger better tasting too. He was definitely a people person and seemed to like his job. Far better than those servers that just do the bare minimum. Great server.My girl got the bacon cheddar burger and I tried the southwest burger. We split a basket of fries and onion strings. Share those things... they're huge! I can easily say that this was the best tasting burger I've ever had and I love a good burger. The bacon was thick and actually cooked all the way unlike most places that can't figure out how to cook bacon. My girl thoroughly enjoyed her burger as well. The onion strings and fries were really quite good as well. We will definitely return to Stripburger next time we're in Vegas.
5	Went here with a friend for a beer, and with a happy coincidence it was Happy Hour! Beers were extremely cheap, about $2 for a Sierra Nevada, and a fairly decent selection compared to many Strip area bars. In addition, the Pickle Fries were delicious. Additionally looking at their regular prices for beer and food, they seem affordable during normal hours as well. The location is on the northern corner of the Fashion Show Mall, sort of Strip Front but not the greatest people watching venue of the Mall as it's around the corner a bit. Still it is hard to argue with the outdoor atmosphere!I can't speak to the quality of the burgers as I had just had a large meal, but I hear good things, so I feel safe enough giving this place 5 stars.
5	Stripburger is the perfect spot to dine if you want a fun, outdoor, street-cafe (with full bar!) setting on the Strip. The burgers are solid, the onion strings are addictive, and the shakes are out of sight.  You can always find a place to sit, (been there dozens of times and never had to wait,) and convenient parking at Fashion Show's underground garage.  After we list Trader Vic's at Miracle Mile, this is the spot to enjoy a desert night with friends looking to take in the sights.
3	Overpriced burgers compared to your average Micky D's or Burger King, but hot damn, these are some HUGE ASS drop dead delish burgers! They promise to fufill you.Came here last night with my manager while we were in Vegas to take care of some work stuff... LOVE the fact that they are open till 2 AM (full on bar service as well). The music was a little loud for my liking, it was kinda hard to hear what my manger was saying to me, and we were sitting together at the same table! But I loved the outdoor space, and the lively feeling from around the area. Had a super friendly waitress last night, she was full of suggestions, and let us take our time ordering. My burger was SO FREAKIN TALL it was not even funny... you have to smash your burger down if you want to eat it all in one bite. However, I felt that even though the top was beautifully rounded out and a nice golden brown color, the insides of the bun were not toasted, and I found that I didn't really like that. I ordered my patty rare... and yes, it came out pink and raw, just the way I like it... however, I felt that I hit a cold spot somewhere in the middle of my patty, like they didn't heat it enough? Fleeting thoughts of undercooked raw food poisoning flirted across my mind and I continued to munch on my humungo-dang-diggy-dang-de-dang-de-dang-diggy-diggy burger. A little after halfway across my burger, the juices from the raw meat pretty much infiltrated my paper that wrapped around my burger, and soggify-ed the whole bun to mush, pretty much. I ended up tossing the top of my burger bun to cut some carbs out of my diet, and grubbing on the food inside individually.Manager and I also ordered a side of Atomic Fries... guess I was looking for more from the name. Kinda expected some BOMB chili-cheese-fries, but with a "mouth-on-fire" feeling. Didn't happen. We got a basket full of fresh, hot, oily fries slathered on top with a healthy dose of creamy nacho-esque cheese, sprinkled with some jalapeno peppers. WHAT?!?! Are you serious? Is that it?!?! Kinda disappointed...But for sure, if you're hungry, the burger definitely hits the spot to help fill you up. Not sure if it's worth the $10 bucks paid for it... but I understand everything is overpriced on the strip, and frankly, I thought the burger was pretty good overall... I'll just order it medium, or well cooked next time.
4	Pretty good burgers. Outdoor seating. Cool place to hang out and grab a bite after hitting up the shops at Fashion Mall. Their orders of fries are huge and they can do half fries, half sweet potato fries if you ask. Nothing out of this world, but it hits the spot perfectly after a long night of partying.
5	My niece and nephew love the shakes,fries,and burger.. MUCH better than MCDonald.. lol. thats not hard to beat in my book...
4	I know I've been trying to avoid the touristy locations on the strip, but with all the meetings I have there it's too convenient to duck into something nearby and get back to the office. This is exactly what happened when I ventured into Stripburger the other day, and I'm glad I did. I'm starting to get very skeptical of restaurants in general located on the strip due to the fact that they don't really have to try and yet mass amounts of tourists will still flock to them, so I welcome the surprise.Stripburger is unfortunately located on the corner sidewalk at the Fashion Show Mall across the street from the Wynn hotel. Parking is typically atrocious at the mall, but pretty much your only option unless you happen to be walking down the sidewalk in this area. There's a 99% chance you are not. What I didn't know until I arrived is that the restaurant is entirely outdoors; this is horribly inconvenient in the dead of summer, and potentially not great either come January. I suppose the awnings might help a bit in the summer although based on experience not too much, and the heat lamp that was placed directly behind me more than made up for the fact that it was overcast and maybe 55 degrees the day I was there.Surprisingly there are several burgers to choose from on the menu, along with a slider option, a turkey burger and a veggie burger that my friend hesitantly ordered in front of me. They also offer shakes, salads, a bunch of chicken sandwiches and some other items. Plus, since this is an outdoor bar/restaurant right on the sidewalk, a large collection of cocktails are also available. I was in the mood for something simple and went with a classic cheeseburger and fresh cut fries. I quickly got worried when not only did the guy next to me get the wrong order, but when our food came out they also brought me the wrong burger. I was left with that bad situation of having fries and no burger, and the person I was eating with had their food. Luckily mine came out only a minute or two later.The burger itself doesn't look like anything special; a decent plain bun, melted cheese, lettuce, tomatoes pickles and mayo. What surprised me was how well it tasted, the meat was cooked perfectly, and had great flavor with a hint of some pepper which I liked. It was juicy but not overly messy, dripped just a bit and left a small puddle on the plate yet the meat still maintained its moisture until the end. The pickles had good flavor, the bun was buttery, and was just the right ratio to the amount of meat. It tasted great and I was happy.The fries could have been perfect too, but I think we got a mix of old and new so some were soft and great, while others were a bit hard and stale. I think it was also scooped from the bottom as we had a lot of small pieces in the bowl. Still they were quite good, maybe a bit too salty but I really liked their overall flavor and were quite bountiful.The price was about what one could expect for being located on the strip, I think if it were more of a local's spot I'd have more of a problem spending around $30 for two burger meals. The location isn't ideal, but if you're already over there or don't mind going near the strip as much as I do then it's definitely worth the visit.
4	I'm still a fan of this joint but I have to take a star away, I've eaten here 2 more times since my first and it seems like each time I come  here, it's not as awesome as I remembered. The indoor seating here is kind of cramped feeling. You're sort of tucked away in this little room. Also, the sweet potato fries that I was crazy about before seemed good but not awesome this time.
5	Wonderful place for burgers.   The trio was a great way to try 3 different options.   Tyson our waiter was wonderful.   He took care of everthing we needed and in a timely fashion.  We will be back again soon.
4	If you're looking to get out of the AYCE joints then this is the place, located by MAGGIANO'S at the Fashion Mall, this is the place to catch a good burger. I ordered their famous blue cheese burger followed by the sweet potato fries and chased by their strawberry shake, that meal had to have been atleast 2500 calories but well worth it. The service is ok, we sat at the bar and listened to the bartender complain about how horrible the tips are when this place offers $1 drink specials, other than that odd spew everything was great. When I make my way to Vegas, this is always a must stop.
3	Always bring our guests here for casual good dinning. One of our favorite burger spots. I keep trying the different burgers but their regular cheeseburger is still our favorite.
5	Tasty burgers and a great happy hour. Where else can you go for dollar drinks on the strip? Go see Daizee, she knows how to move fast while providing some tasty beverages of the alcoholic persuasion! Make sure to get there early, it can get pretty busy being such a popular place :)
4	Burgers, shakes, an awesome seat on the Las Vegas Strip. What more can you ask for? Nothing, I say. Strip Burger is located at the North end of the Fashion Show Mall on the Las Vegas Strip. Most of the seating is outdoors with a great view of the Wynn and Encore hotels. There is some seating inside for the colder months we have here in Vegas, so don't worry about the weather if you want to stop in for some great American fare.Strip Burger has the usual drink selection of soft drinks and beers. Something there to satisfy any thirst. But if you want something more that just something to drink, Strip Burger also has a homemade shake. The shakes come in several flavors such as vanilla, chocolate, strawberry and cookies & cream. Each shake is so creamy and flavorful you will be asking if free refills are provided. No they are not. I was saddened at this. If you need something to cool you off when the weather is a bit hotter I can guaranty a Strip Burger Shake will hit the spot. Give it a try and you will see for yourself.If fresh cut fries are your thing, make your way to Strip Burger. Their fries have a great potato taste, are perfectly cooked and just lightly salted with a coarse salt. They also offer sweet potato fries and one of my favorite things, fried onion strings. The onion strings are like onion rings, but they are not greasy and they are thin and crunchy. A real taste treat.A Strip Burger burger may not be Angus Beef, but Angus is not always the only choice for a really good burger. The beef used in their burger is flavorful, juicy and keeps it's form well. The burger seems to be a third pound. The bun is soft, tasty and holds the burger very well. They do their burger several different ways all providing a flavor sensation in your mouth. I get the bacon cheddar burger now when I go. The bacon has a bit of a crunch to it but is not overcooked. The cheddar is nice and thick and complements the beef nicely. When you bite into your burger for the first time the juices flow and the meat provides a nice texture and flavor. This is not the best burger I have ever had, but it is very close.Some restaurants can have bad days. Both in service and food quality. Strip Burger has had neither when I have been there. The servers and very friendly and are always there when you need something. Everything is brought to your table in a timely manner and picked up just as quickly when you are done. And the outdoor seating provides an open feel. You can't go wrong at Strip Burger.
5	I came here with a group of 5 girls on NYE for lunch.  We had a great lunch while sitting outside in the sun.  I had the turkey burger and sweet potato fries and a drink with vodka and beer in it.  Score!  The waiter even split our tab evenly without any attitude.  This is great hangover food or pregame food.  Well done Stripburger.
5	They are AWESOME here. We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully. Thank you for helping us (the "knife guys") out, Stripburger!
4	Comfy, casual outdoor dining with a beautiful view of the Vegas strip. Some may be concerned about the possible lack of heating/cooling during the extreme temperature months. Not to worry, they've got cooling mists in summer and heaters in winter. I took my parents here numerous times, had my birthday here and recently recommended the place to a couple of friends from Vancouver. They all loved the selection of pipe-in club hits and the overall atmosphere. Foodwise, since I'm not a heavy eater, I usually opt for the 3 mini-burgers medium well with a side of their sampler (onion curls, fries and pickes) It doesn't sound a lot but it gets its job done and I always leave the place stuffed. Their shakes aren't bad, they aren't great either. The menu says you could add about $2 for a shot of alcohol so if you're feeling a lil' adventurous, you could try it. Burger quality can be compared to In-N-Out so if you do visit the place, try getting something different like the mexican burger per say or their vegan choices which my friends said weren't bad.
4	I came here with a group of friends and they were very accommodating to us.  Nothing like 100 or so knife and gun collectors to liven up a joint!I had a burger, fries and a shake.Burger was ok, the large tomato slice in the middle looked cool, but I'm not a tomato fan.  The fries were excellent but the shake I had was out of this world: Butterscotch!Only real complaint was the small size of the shake...for the price I expected a glass twice as big and the rest in the silver shaker.Still a solid place and they took care of us without calling the cops!
4	We were in Las Vegas, we were meeting friends and they suggested here to eat, fine by us it was walkable from where we were staying and the prices were pretty reasonable.For some bizarre reason I went for a grilled cheese sandwich instead of a burger, hubby went for mini burger sampler and we shared some strings and fries. It was pretty quiet so we all got seated quickly, I had a milkshake, I cant actually remember what hubby was having drinkwise.The milkshake came out- it was a really good milkshake though I think I should have had a different flavor- I had vanilla. Seriously? What was up with my choices?The grilled cheese sandwich was good, though I dont think you can go far wrong with a cheese sandwich. Hubby liked his burgers but said they were a little salty. The strings and fries were ok. They were cooked fine and were seasoned fine just a little greasy. The service was good and the place was clean, I think ordinarily this kind of place for me would be a 3.5 stars, however they allowed us to sit there for around 2 hours longer without ordering anything else to sit and chat. This makes them awesome and deserving of a 4 star review. Perhaps if I had a burger the review would have been more than 4 stars?
5	So happy to find this place! Ordered mostly appetizers and the mini burger sampler. They weren't that mini and the blue cheese burger was to. die. for! So creamy and what a real burger should taste like. Had fresh guacamole and chips. The waitress suggested she get it for us from the place next door (same company)... so worth it! We cleaned the bowl dry. Garlic fries were made w real fresh chopped garlic, soooo good. Pricing was totally affordable. Great drink menu. Great service. Can't complain about a thing about Stripburger... thus the 5 star. Oh wait, they were out of the pickle fries... guess we gotta go back ;)
4	after a night of drinking and all I wanted was a good burger to revive myself...Stripburger fit the bill. I had a standard cheese burger with pepper jack & the beef was the best that I have had in a long time. All burgers are cooked medium unless requested otherwise. The ingredients were fresh and the bun was heavenly. Of course you cant have a burger w/o fries, so I scarfed down some of the best garlic & herb fries I have ever tasted...everything was cooked and seasoned to perfection. To top it all off, my bff and I shared a butterscotch milkshake with a shot of spiced rum...it was DIVINE! ONLY IN VEGAS BABY!
5	I've been wanting to come here since 2009, but never got around to it. Weird unforeseen circumstances kept occurring whenever I tried to come here. It was almost like some divine entity was stopping me from coming here. The last time I tried to come here was in September 2010. I was in my car about to get into the parking building of the mall that  "Stripbuger" is located in when I got a telephone call. Apparently some guy who I barely knew from college put me down as one of his emergency contacts at work. I was told that they found him at "Terrible's Casino" laying on the floor and incoherently screaming and ranting before they decided to call the ambulance. That's his just-reward for going to college...a job at Terrbile's casino.Getting back to subject. "Stripburger" was just as good as I anticipated. A lot of the people in Summerlin say that LBS at the Redrock is the best sit-down burger joint in town, but I gotta disagree. "Stripburger" is far superior to Redrock and has a million times better service.I really like the fries here. They taste like they were pan fried with moderate amount of oil, instead of thrown into a giant deep fryer. They also intentionally slightly overcook the fries in order to achieve that really crispy texture. I greatly enjoy that style of the classic french fry. I got the Blue Cheese Burger. It was excellent. They put a practical joke amount of blue cheese in it. The meat is super fresh and not frozen, and the bun is one of those high quality sponge bread buns like what they got at In-n-out. The service was the best part. Our server was a man from Arkansas who was very charismatic and hardworking. I left him a very big tip on account of his great customer service. The host girl was very flirty and tremendously attractive. She was so distracting that I kept spilling my drink. I guess my only complaint is that the seats are all metal and slightly uncomfortable, and you gotta go deep into the Mexican restaurant next door to use the restroom. Besides for that I gotta give this place a 5.
3	I heard so much hype from this place that I was mildly disappointed when I actually went to dine here. My cousin was so excited to have her usual Ahi Tuna burger, but was depressed once she figured that they changed the way they served the burger. It was my first time so I wasn't as let down as her. It was ok. I had this sampler with onion rings, fries, and fried dill pickles. Self explanatory: fried things are always good. I had the veggie burger and it was totally falling apart on me while I was eating it. Even though the patty was homeade and not a brand name, it still tasted pretty bland. Again, it wasn't terrible, but it also wasn't the greatest.
5	Juicy burgers and yummy shakes! Probably the best customer service experience I've had in a while. Our food was taking longer than others to come out and our waitress apologized excessively and then the manager takes a percentage off our bill. That's how it's done if you want customers to return.  Try the butterscotch milkshake.
4	First time at strip burger today!  It was pretty good.  The butterscotch milkshake was thick and flavorful.  The burger was well flavored without being over seasoned and I loved the toppings of chopped lettuce, red onion and mayo.  The bun was soft and fresh.  Ordered the fried straws and fries combo and it was perfect!!!!  Our server was efficient and polite but  a tad slow on refilling water glasses. Unfortunately, there was a group of people whom they were fawning over to the point of being ridiculous.  That table of 8 people had 3 heaters while the rest of us were a a tad chilled because the weather by our tables was oh so much warmer.
5	Living here in Vegas it's hard to believe that I have never heard of Strip Burger until my girlfriend told me about it.  We tried it out for out anniversary and  it was crazy good.I'm not a big blue cheese fan but I still tried there Blue Cheese burger since they were famous for it.  The flavor combination of that burger was out of this world.  It was one of those foods that will hit you on the right spot every time.  Not only was the flavor good but the burger was cooked perfectly the way I wanted it.  It was juicy and was not bland at all.  I love how the bun wasn't too greasy too.  Overall my experience at this place was awesome.  The service was nice and I even got a 25% discount since I work at one of the hotels on the strip.  This is definitely a restaurant worth coming back to.
4	gotta say as a local i expected the price to be a lot higher but was very reasonable.  the portions are very generous and the food quality is on par. the beer selection was reasonable as $ was lower lower than i expected was well. they have indoor/outdoor seating, was very exited because it was very chilly when we went. i thought the service was going to be poor when our food was delivered and we realized the extra condiments we ordered where no present, there server was there with them seconds after we realized they where missing (its was busy so this was more than expectable) will keep this in mind when i am on the strip!!
5	What's more American than a juicy quarter pound burger and a good ol' fashioned milkshake?  Add some contemporary culinary sweet and savory delectables into the mix and you got Stripburger.Located at the Fashion Show Mall, seated right on the Strip (hence its name "Stripburger"), one is immediately welcomed to sit in the covered patio area.  Since the whipping winds were not in effect on this particular day, my co-workers/fellow foodies and I gladly took a table on the patio.  Although I had studied the menu a few days before our burger lunch date, I still reviewed it thoughtfully once we were seated.  I hadn't changed my mind, I still wanted to give that Mexican Burger a day in court and oh, what the hell, the peanut butter and chocolate milkshake.  It's Friday after all, I figured, live a little.  Then one of my burger buddies piped up and asked, "Do you want to order some fries?"  Yeah, I'm living today and then some.  We couldn't decide between the sweet potato fries and the garlic herb fries until our very sweet and accommodating server responded that we could get half and half.  Let's do this.While the three of us waited for our food, two of us got our milkshakes.  My fellow milkshake mate got a cookies and cream that looked amazing.  My shake was deliciously thick, not overly rich or peanut buttery, but just the right amount of both peanut butter and chocolate.  Noticeably, neither one of us shared with the other.  Perhaps that's a very telling thing: those shakes were just so damn good, who wants to share?  Then our food arrived and was picture perfect...kind of like the website photos.  The basket of fries was put down in front of me and I just dug into those before I even touched my burger.  It was a nice equal amount of both sweet potato and garlic fries.  Note: the sweet potato fries are sprinkled with what one of my lovely cohorts referred to as "sugary goodness." I say it was sugar and spice and everything nice about those sweet potatoes.  The garlic fries were as amazing topped with fresh pressed garlic and herbs.  I finally switched my attention to the main event by cutting into my burger.  Topped with a jalapeno pepper, my burger was beautifully cooked medium rare to my specification.  It was filled with cotija cheese, cilantro, pickled red onions, jalapeno, tomato, lettuce and chipotle mayo and not a drop crumbled onto the plate, my lap or tore in half when I bit into it.  With most designer burgers or even those double stacked types piled a mile higher than a mouth can actually open, the filling usually bursts out, leaving a smooshed mess in its wake.  At the risk of being Goldilocks here, this burger was not too stuffed and not too under-stuffed but just right. And that sums up my experience at Stripburger.  I walked away not too stuffed and definitely not under-stuffed, but just right and completely satisfied.  The service was great, the ambience for a Friday afternoon on the Strip was lovely, and the food was excellent.  I will be back to try a different burger and a different variety of fries (the atomic cheese fries piques my interest).  Perhaps next time, I will try an adult beverage with my burger (hello beer mojito).
5	Stripburger is located on the outside, northern most corner of the Fashion Show Mall. My boyfriend and I stopped in for a light lunch - we split everything - but we left stuffed!We started off with their current shake on special, the Smores Shake. OMG. Heaven in a glass! It was like a smores, with yummy vanilla ice cream, graham crackers between layers, chocolate, marshmallow creme, and a huge heap of whipped cream on the top.We split the burger slider trio - which was the bbq bacon slider, blue cheese burger, and the regular cheese burger. These sliders were cooked to perfection and came on a potato bun, they were super yummy!!! As the burgers do not come with a side, we also ordered the fries&onion strings combo - it was huge!! The onion strings were amazing, better than the fries.Stripburger definitley statisfied my need for a burger and fries while on vacation. If you stop by, I highly recommend trying a shake. And be sure to come hungry!!!!
2	This place was probably great back in it's heyday like 4 years ago.  My husband recommended eating here because he really enjoyed it back in 2008.   We went yesterday in hopes of enjoying a great burger and great atmosphere based on current reviews. I'm surprised that only one other review mentioned the uncleanliness of this place.   I'm not that picky but this place was awful.    The worst part about eating here is the smell.  The outside area has this stomach turning sour smell that reeks of spilled drinks, old food, and general grime.    The doors to the actual inside area are filthy and covered with fingerprints and looks like it hasn't been cleaned in a few years.   The outside table was clean but the white chairs they seat you in are filthy too covered in dirty fingerprints and years of dirt buildup.   We ordered sodas and my soda came in a dirty glass with dried mustard on the side.   I was quickly losing faith that this was going to be a good experience.   I just kept smelling that awful sour smell as did my husband.  I ordered the mini burger trio and my husband the bacon cheeseburger.  We shared an order of garlic herb fries.  Definitely share sides if you come here because they are more than enough for one person.    The mini burger trio was just okay and I say just okay because it there was barely any meat and a lot of bun.  The best kind of burger was the blue cheese burger so I wish I would have just ordered that on its own.  My husband said his burger was alright but the construction of it was awful.  They put the tomato on the bottom which caused the bottom bun to disinegrate before he could even finish his sandwich.  The final bill came to over 40 dollars which I think is pretty spendy for what you get here but it is the Strip so it wasn't that bad.   This place would be much more fun to eat at if the owners hadn't let it get so run down and smelly.    I'd eat here again but only if it was given a thorough cleaning.
4	Every year when I go to Vegas this is the first place I have to eat.the burgers are just so thick and juicy and full of the most amazing flavours and melt in your mouth goodness .strip burger I love you.strawberry milkshake is just simply heaven.Also the fries are a beautiful accompaniment to the tender burgers.Im getting so hungry just writing this revue .god bless strip burger and I hope to tast you and taste Vegas again very soon
5	Had the spicy cheese fries and they where awesome. The burger was excellent as well. Went on Halloween night and the waitress was amazing among the chaos.
3	Got there Famous blue cheese burger, it was all right,  but salty because of the cheese. The burger was warm and it seemed it was out for a while.Tried there Atomic cheese fries with jalapeno was good but salty because of the cheese. So I complained that it was too salty and I got there sweet potato fries instead and they were so much better and the bbq dipping sauce is awesome. The server asked if I wanted the heater and she forgot. However, the waiter we had was so great!I wish they toned down the salt because this is the second or third time I've been here and the first time it was absolutely delicious.
4	This is a great burger place if you find yourself walking along the strip on a hot summer day and are seriously craving a solid burger and fries.It's been a while since I was here but I'll recall what I can. I do remember that I liked it quite a bit. It's a modest little joint with modern looking silver tables and chairs. Cute hostess--pretty much what you'd expect. I actually opted to try their seared ahi tuna burger, my friend went for their more traditional cheeseburger. They both came out really well. They got the sear just right on the ahi, served it in a flaky wheat bun and lathered it in mouthwatering guacamole that tasted quite fresh to me. My friends burger (which I had a few bites of) was juicy and cooked to order. We shared an order of fries, which were particuarly tasty. Much better than your average fast food burger joint fries (why do any of us still go to those places anyway??) as they had bits of skin still on them and were not excessively greasy. They served a cool, clean glass of lemonade (fresh squeezed I believe) which was quite refreshing given the weather at the time.The service is decent, the view is nice and its kinda trendy but not the least bit formal-- I don't think you even need a shirt to eat here---and its conveniently located if you just woke up from a night of excessive partying. I enjoyed it and would certainly plan on going back here the next time an opportunity presents itself.
2	Thanks, Strip Burger, for being open on Easter Sunday.  But boo to you for your hiring decisions.Strip Burger is a burger joint on the strip (clever, huh!).  We went to the fashion show mall location.  It was open on Easter, even though the rest of the mall wasn't.We were HUNGRY and happy to find a burger joint with an interesting veggie burger and fried pickles.We ordered "steins" of cheep beer(they have 16 oz and 32 oz on their menu), I ordered the double original burger, the wife ordered the veggie patty (the rice kind, with nuts and seasonings in the patty) "done up Mexican style" (to include roasted jalapenos), and the "threesome" (fries, onion rings, and fried pickles).We wait. Our beer comes, but in 16 oz. pint glasses.  We say we wanted steins. The (fairly sweet but obviously naive) server says that she'll just bring us the second half later.We wait.Our food comes (thank goodness... most of the other diners had to wait a lot longer).  My wife's burger is cold, and doesn't come with the Mexican fixings she asked for.  The onion rings are really straws, good for putting on hamburgers, but way too stringy to eat by themselves.  The pickles are OK, but there aren't enough of them, and the fries are tasty.  My burger is tasty, but certainly not better than a top-notch fast food place (Five guys, etc.)  The wife finally gets the roasted jalapeno, and cojita cheese for the "Mexican" toppings, but it's just one pepper -- not sliced to put on the burger or anything.  She eats, and the burger proceeds to fall apart.Everything there is tense, as people aren't getting the right orders, or not getting their order in time.  We get the second half of our beers in traveler cups and get the bill--- she charged us for 4 small beers instead of 2 big ones (which, of course, is more).  Really?  You made a mistake and we have to pay more?  If you don't know what a "stein" is, then you should say "we don't have that.  We have 16 oz glasses and 32 oz mugs/glasses/buckets/whatever."My burger was fine. My wife's probably would have been fine if it weren't cold.  The atmosphere was nice -- outside on a beautiful day.  But we just had to get out of there as fast as we could.  Sorry, Stripburger, we'll be skipping you next time.
4	If places got stars for winning my business, this place would have tons! Truth is, the burgers are solid, the cheese fries and fried pickles are good (any place that even HAS cheese fries and fried pickles is probably going to be a fave of mine), the beers are big, but nothing is the absolute best I've ever had. However, I love sitting outside RIGHT on the strip on a beautiful day, and getting in and out for parking/driving is a breeze... so, yeah... solid 4 stars!They've started giving you the big beers in glass cups which I'm not a huge fan of, but I find if you ask, they'll give you a branded plastic one to pour into, and then keep (and if you're like me, you'll get 'service for 12' in no time :-) ) --- bonus is they are also dishwasher safe so far!So go.... Go for the sunshine and beautiful outdoor seating in a primo location on the strip (anywhere else will cost you far more in food/drinks for such a spot)... Go for a burger, a big beer, some cheese fries, and some fried pickles.... I'll be sad when this place inevitably gets changed into something that charges more.
4	The burgers here are delicious! I had the mexican burger and was very pleased. I also ordered a strawberry shake, and I never had a strawberry shake taste this good before. They even give you an oversized boba straw to suck up all the fruit they put in it. We also ordered the sweet potato fries to share, very good!The only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5 was because the service was soooo slooooow. The burgers took awhile to come out, as did the drinks, the our waitress was just not attentive to her tables at all. I noticed a trend amongst the other tables she was serving. Aside from that, great food! It kept me full all day!
5	Forget Burger Bar, forget BLT Burger, forget every other burger on the strip, because Stripburger is THE BEST BURGER IN VEGAS (there, I said it).  Price-wise, burger-wise, side-wise, everything-wise, Stripburger is hands down the best you're going to get, if you're willing to venture down to the north end of the fashion show mall.  All of the burgers are made fresh, never frozen, and cooked to order, and Stripburger offers a number of excellent specialty burgers that are to die for.  The standard cheeseburger (or even better, the bacon cheeseburger) is outstanding, but if you really want to be blown away, go for the southwest burger - chipotle mayo, fried onion straws, and bacon - it is my favorite burger on the menu.  The green chili cheeseburger is a close second, and only rivaled by the green chili cheeseburgers from New Mexico.  The sides, especially the cheddar fries, are outstanding and served in a generous portion that are made to share.  The beer is always cold, and the mixed drinks are made strong.  The burgers might not be as cheap as fast food, but they are certainly cheaper than some of the fancier gourmet burgers places elsewhere on the strip, so before you clamor to Burger Bar or Holstein's, give Stripburger a shot - you won't be disappointed.
2	Ok after losing money at the casino time to find a cheap place to eat. Strip burger happy hour 4-7. Well, they were resurfacing their floor at te bar so sat in the outside section.  $2 mini burgers. Fair$2 french fries good, $3.50 beer was supposed to be $2. Service just ok. Got by with two mini burgers fries,beer around $10. Service just fair
5	Damn man, color me extremely deliciously surprised. Ate here for lunchfast (because who wakes up early in Vegas?), even though I'm fairly ambivalent towards burgers. But you Yelpers convinced me with that 4-star review.I ordered some mushroom & jack cheese burger, medium well, and it came out cooked precisely the way I ordered. The whole package was a nice big size, and so was the burger. It was flavorful and moist, and so was the b...okay the joke wasn't even funny the first time. Le girlfriend had a Wagyu beef hotdog which I sampled, and man, was it succulent and tasty as well. It was topped with whole pickled hot peppers though, which was a little too much, but you can just take em riiiight off.And lastly, but not leastly, the sweet potato fries. They were so good - crispy outside, soft inside, topped with some shakes of sugar, and served with a side of a tangy barbecue sauce. It was the perfect contrast of sweet and tangy, and you should get it so you can feel bad about eating a whole serving of fries.Great price, great flavor, and very friendly service (our server chatted us up because she lived in New York's butthole New Jersey and developed a bond with us. Extra tip for her.)
3	It's a nice hang-out spot on the Vegas Strip, right next to the street. Good for a sunny afternoon bite or late night drinks. Nice open restaurant makes it pretty relaxing. Good for people-watching on the strip, or tons of cars in traffic on weekend nights.The burgers are pretty good, but nothing special. Just your typical selections of burgers. The size of the burgers is kinda small though. The burgers don't come with fries automatically, but at least the portions of fries are very generous, enough for two people to share. The sweet potato fries are pretty good, but the garlic fries are missing a little something... I think more garlic.Overall, good for a short hang-out, but I wouldn't come back just for the food. There's a nice Mexican restaurant right next door that looks a lot better.
1	Is there a negative star for a nasty burger place where you get ignored....you wait an hour for your medium well burger and its served to you MEDIUM RAW? The meat was so cold and pink I almost threw up... NEVER AGAIN!
4	Good food second time here...slow service is the only drawback.
5	Best sweet potato fries I've ever had. Ever. Just the right amount of crispy with salt and sugar sprinkled on it and an addictive sweet sauce for dipping. Seriously these things were so good I went back the next night and ordered some to go after having a few drinks. I honestly don't even remember what my burger tasted like, but if you're staying at/near the Wynn definitely cross the street and check this place out.
2	Ehh... I would have rather went to McDonalds or In-n-Out down the street. The Buffalo chicken sandwich was very mediocre and the fries were very low quality. My friend got a burger that was dry and very small for $10. Service was great though and it is a great location right on the strip but if you want to pay 18 a person for mediocre food then this place is for you. I would advise going elsewhere.
4	The burgers are decently sized and the prices aren't the greatest (but hey it's Vegas). It's a nice spot to eat during late Spring or early Summer because it's pretty much open (covered with a roof though).
3	Service was slow and lackadaisical, our waitress got friendlier when it was nearing the end and closer to tip time. I got the buffalo chicken burger which was tasty and nicely sauced up. I also got the garlic fries which were just ok. I'm used to the garlic fries at dodgers stadium, those are crazy good! Lots of garlic on every fry. Not these. The garlic was dumped in the center so most of the fries were just plain. They also gave me a tummy ache later. The kicker was the coke I ordered. How do u screw up coke??? Well the first one I got was flat so I asked her to change it. The replacement was the same coke mixed partially with club soda or something to give it fizz, um really?? They have some interesting drink choices and their happy hour is also from 11-closing which is nice for u nite owls. But with all the choices on the strip, I'm ok passing up this place next time.
4	Very good burger and fries on the LV Strip!  The turkey burgers were delicious and not greasy at all.  The seasoned fries were addictive too.  Our server was extremely friendly and attentive and I love being able to sit outside.
4	Great burger! Nice atmosphere and good service. The only complaint I have is the mist was too much. I understand its hot out here but at 9:30pm they could've turned it down... I felt like I was sitting in the rain. Other then that everything was really tasty. I will be back!
5	Such great burgers, totally huge and just juicy and fantastic! The servers here are always nice, I will be coming back again and again when I come to Vegas. I rarely eat giant burgers like what they serve but I'd be willing to wait each time to eat theirs here. I had the blue cheese burger this time and my friend had the special burger which was a french onion burger that looked awesome too! The drinks are pretty good too, I had the orange something er other and it got me buzzin and of course in the end isn't that all that matters?!?
4	Ive walked by this joint a few times as i drunken walk towards the center of the strip... So finally decided to walk in the waitress was very nice (dont remember her name) long story short happy hour $4 - 32 oz domestic beer, happy hour nachos feeds 2 were good would definetly go back
3	I'm on the fence about this place.Service was great, herb and garlic fries are a must order, burger was cooked to a perfect medium rare, but my blue cheeseburger felt like it was missing something.  I can't really put my finger on it but it was a tad off from being great.If I had the decision between a double double animal style sitting side by side with a blue cheese Stripburger, I would honestly choose the double double.Blasphemy?
4	One of the best hot fudge shakes, delicious sliders, and sweet potato fries...
4	Stripburger is a long-time favorite in my family. I give it four stars only because the service can be a little spotty.Being a creature of habit, I always order the blue cheese burger, medium well (go ahead and crucify me for not liking pink in my hamburger). We also always order the Threesome fries basket but I ask for the Garlic Fries because they are amazeballs.Last time we went, my daughter ordered a Butterscotch milkshake and it was delicious. My husband loves it here because they will cook his burgers (almost) as rare as he likes them.I also have to give special props to the sweet potato fries. They're crispy and delicious and I would totally swim in a vat of the weirdly spectacular barbeque/mayo (?!) sauce they come with.When we do order adult beverages, they are always good with plenty of alcohol.As to the aforementioned spotty service, I'm still trying to figure it out. We've been there for lunch and for dinner and it's just hit and miss. Specifically, mostly hits with the occasional miss. I can live with that for their sweet potato fries.
4	Finally tried Stripburger tonight!I had the "Roasted Turkey Chopped Salad" and it was very yummy! It had apples, avocado, blue cheese, apple wood smoked bacon, and nice chunks of cheddar cheese. I did have ranch on it which I didn't think was too tasty it was kinda watery and I like it creamy and thicker but I would for sure eat it again. I'm not a burger fan so it is important that I find a decent salad on a menu at a place like this because my hubby is a carnivore and loves places like this. My hubby had the "Green Chili Cheeseburger" and said he wished it had more green chilies but he did enjoy it and would just order more chilies on it next time. We also shared an order of "Atomic Cheese Fries" which is fries with cheese and jalapenos on it. The fries were fresh cut and delicious. I had water and he had a coke. Our total for all that was $30.35.The server was very friendly and checked on us often. We sat on the patio and had such a nice view of the strip. I will say they had music playing that was just too loud. We could not hear each other talk sometimes. Give it a try if you haven't! They have deals on restaurant.com however those go quick so keep your eye out.
4	Good food, ridiculous locationBurgers are pretty amazing, and keep in mind I come from the gourmet burger capital of the world, Los Angeles so I am not easily impressed.  Las Vegas doesn't seem to miss their cue very often, and the sweet potato fries aren't too bad either.  Spiked root beer float was very spiky, enjoyed every last drop of it but their bucket of prawns was merely a big aluminum bucket with 5...yes 5 prawns inside.  Tad bit skimpy if you ask me but overall the food was well up to par and the atmosphere was thru the roof, not to mention it was the Monday after EDC at the Speedway.   Its about time to make that 3 hr drive home.  On second thought, I think I might just stay one more night in the city of lights... just because I can
5	Everytime we are in LV it's the first place we go. Great burgers,good value, and a good view on the strip. If you're staying at Wynn, Encore or the Trump you just cannot miss it.
3	Was craving gourmet style burgers on a late night in vegas and Stripburger caught my interest since their fries have 0 trans fat! My friends & I decided to walk to stripburger from our hotel at Planet Hollywood since we'd have to burn off the calories somehow haha! Anyway we called ahead of time to see when they'd close and waitress said midnight. We arrived 11pm and now that I think about it maybe we shouldn't have came so close to closing because our burgers didn't taste that great or fresh..Atomic fries - pretty plain tastingGarlic Herb & Sweet potato fries - BOMB! this is what made me decide to give 3 stars instead of 2. The garlic fries were really fresh with garlic pieces and seasoning was spot on! Sweet potato fries were addicting as well. I ended up eating more of the fries than the burgerBlue Cheese Burger - My friend ordered this and said it was just ok, nothing amazing.Mushroom Cheddar Burger - My friend said she didn't like it. The buns soaked up all the juices and so it was falling apart.Hickory Bacon Burger - I asked for mushrooms to be added to this burger and they forgot the mushrooms. In the end I was charged for the mushrooms, but told the waitress I didn't even get mushrooms in my burger and she fixed the bill. This burger was pretty bland, the only thing that made it taste good was probably the bbq sauce & caramelized onions.Overall, it took a LONG time for our burgers to be served and the patties for all 3 burgers were cold. Not even warm! Debating if I should give this place another shot next time during lunch time since maybe they were about to close and so they did a sloppy job? These burgers were pretty plain, should have spent my money at Bachi Burger or Holstein's instead.
4	I love this place.  I tried the Tuna Burger this past time I was there and it was very tasty.  The tuna and pickled ginger were a great combo.  We also ordered the chili fries which were also very yummy.  The chili on top had a nice kick to it.  My husband got the weekly special which looked great and he was delighted with his choice.  It was a 1/4 pounder with chedder, bbq sauce, and onion rings, the benefit of the special is that it comes with fries.  I plan on going back the next time I'm in Vegas.
4	This is one of the places I visit each time I am in Las Vegas.  It is a fantastic lunch spot.This time around I tried their new Mexican Burger.   It was great.  It comes with Chipoltle mayo, pickled red onions, jalapenos and Contija cheese.  It normally comes with cilantro but I hate cilantro and asked for them to leave it off.    The combination of flavors is great.As usual I also ordered some of their Atomic Cheese Fries.   As always they were great.I ordered a 32 oz. whiskey sour to go with lunch.  It was also tasty.
2	As someone who is a local I really don't understand how peopleactively pick to go to Stripburger. The food is just not that great. We ordered nachos and the chicken was still cold. We ended up sending them back. I ordered a Root beer, it has alcohol and they allowed theice cream to completely melt before bringing it to the table.Its just disappointing. Id rather go to Holsteins or even Smashburger before I actively chooseStripburger again!
3	I went here because it was one of the places that was voted best burger in Vegas.  The burger was actually pretty tasty.  I think one of the biggest draws about this place is that it is easily accessible from the strip (no walking through a casino maze to find it).  Also when I went on a Saturday night, it was very low-key and there weren't many people there (this might have been a fluke however).  It is a little on the pricy side, but not too expensive as long as you share fries, but don't expect to be stuffed when you leave.  Also if you are looking for a bar, this might be a good place.  The bar looked very inviting and was not swarmed with people.
4	After a fun beach/dance party with Calvin Harris at EBC, the ladies and I fell upon this burger joint and remembered our hotel FD agent telling us they had some pretty darn good burgers so we decided a nice greasy burger and $2 beers will do our body good after all the dancing and uv-rays.The Mexican Burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pLMPpaJ7whp86uL_3ezwMg?userid=GEkww4CD1di7LZkNvoayJw#WcBcfNdU40upDbQl6fVq8A): chipotle mayo, pickled red onions, jalapeno, cojita cheese, & cilantro is a mouthful of juicy, greasy deliciousness. It was so good I had to eat it all = stomach bulge. (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pLMPpaJ7whp86uL_3ezwMg?userid=GEkww4CD1di7LZkNvoayJw#4fvxHeAVKx8-vJUmZvS2gQ)Their fries were fresh and hot, hot where it burns your fingers and you try to throw it in your mouth and eat it as fast as you can so you won't feel the hotness anymore.$2 Bud Light? Hey I'll take it since the next joint a beer will easily cost $8! Beer & burger, what else is there?
5	Yummilicious!6 of us girls friends pigged it out at Stripburger :D We absolutely loved the sweet potato fries, the garlic herb fries and the combo of threesome (clever word play!) for onion strings,pickle fries and regular fries. 2 of us ordered the house made veggie burger ( never had a brown rice patty this good!), 3 others ordered the mexican burger with veggie patty and one of us had the turkey burger.Everyone of them perfectly made! All of us were stuffed so much that we couldn't walk!Though the fashion mall beckoned, we sluggishly moved from store to store as the memory of the juicy burgers still lingered.
4	Visited this place on my most recent trip to Vegas, and I was not disappointed. It's not nearly as good as the Burger Bar in the Mandalay Bay (is anything?), but if you're staying anywhere nearby...it's worth stopping for lunch there one day.The burgers here are reasonably priced (on the low end of moderate)...and they have great fries. We got a mix that included both regular and sweet potato fries, and they were both really tasty. They had all kinds of interesting burger variations. Everyone in my party tried something different, and I think the favorite was a burger that included a small slice of prime rib on top of it. It sounds a little weird, but it was actually delicious.They have outdoor seating, so it's a nice place to rest your feet if you're doing one of those marathon walks down the strip. My advice? Do lunch (or post-hangover breakfast) here...and fuel yourself up for a great night in Vegas.
3	I was pretty buzzed when I got here... I was lucky they let me in.  After I broke a glass and was given the "watch-it" look from the waitress and ordered my meal, the burger seemed pretty good... but I don't remember it being great.  I guess my expectations get pretty high when I'm f&*ked up.
3	This has to be the best place on the strip to get your gourmet burger fix.  I have been coming to Stripburger for years & i have never been disappointed with their food and service. I highly recommend the cheesy fries.
5	Great burgers & sweet potato fries!  They have a happy hour also in which the sliders are $2 each!  Mixed drinks not so good though! Stick with the beer!  Nice location also! We will be back.  This was our second time there.  We visit when we go to our "home away from home", The Wynn.  It's right across the street!
4	Walked here from staying at the Trump Towers about a hour before closing.  There was maybe 20 people outside on a Sunday.  We were seated right away and had a great waitress.  I ordered the mushroom burger ate the fries off of my friends.  Glad I didn't order the fries because they weren't that amazing.My mushroom burger was delish, nicely seasoned and cooked.  I'd go here again and again.
5	These burgers are amazing.  The best blue cheese burger I've ever tasted.  There's a sort of a gourmet burger war in Las Vegas at the moment and we tried the blue cheese burgers at La Burger Brasserie in the Paris the last time we came in April, but these burgers beat those burgers hands down.The burger is cooked perfectly and the seasoning is perfect.  It's just a perfect, juicy delicious burger.  We had the french fries and the sweet potato fries and I would say that the sweet potato fries were very good but the french fries were seasoned so well...I'd say they were the best fries I've ever had.Really delicious food!  :-D  We also had some cocktails and they were nice too.
1	Seems like many people on Yelp are raving about this place. I am not impressed!I came to this place w/ high expectations and left utterly disappointed.No outside drinks! I just refilled my 320z Margarita before coming here (BUMMER)!The bartender was a complete b*tch! (excuse my profanity) but she was the complete reason why this dining experience was horrible. She was not personable, never cracked a smile, and she seemed she did not want to be there. On top of that there were foreigners who sat next to us and she yelled at them because they had trouble understanding her. She snatched the menus out of their hand and stormed off with their order. VERY UNPROFESSIONAL!!! Her tip reflected her ATTITUDE. Please avoid her she is blond and wears a hat.Food was ok, nothing spectacular. I ordered a regular cheeseburger medium rare. It was nice and bloody but not really seasoned. It was just AVERAGE. I have tasted better. It cost $9. I had a beer (BUD LIGHT) which was $2 because of happy hour. My gf had nachos which were decent but still had no WOW factor.They have a late night HAPPY HOUR which was nice.  The location is cool except the seating is outside. Weather could pose a problem.There is so many burger locations in VEGAS and this was a complete MISS for me. I will not be coming back.
4	Pretty good. The burgers were good, the beer was cold and it's right in the middle of the strip.
4	Went here solo (how I roll).  Sat at the bar for late night happy hour.  The bartender engaged me, the patrons smiled at me, and the waitress asked me questions.  Couldn't help but feel welcomed.  It was a slow, relaxing night.  Just had the sliders and fries, decently priced.  Water stayed full.  I'll be back.
5	Just had my husbands birthday dinner here over the wknd, it was great! They had a nice area set aside for us and the staff was very accommodating. We had 18 people in our party and they handled us with ease. Would definitely go back and recommend to anyone looking to have a big party. Food was also tasty :) thanks stripburger!!
4	I must admit, I expected an over priced tourist trap with mediocre at best food. Instead, I received an extremely delicious buffalo chicken sandwich and sweet potato fries. The food was very much on point, albeit still pricey. The sandwich ( a la crate) was $9.95 + sweet potato fries which were around $4.00 and a Stella which was also around $4.00. But, my friend works for Apple at Fashion Show so our gracious waiter gave us 20% off discount which brought our bill to $24 combined. This was reasonable price to pay for a delicious sandwich with a beer and fries on the strip. Our server was very nice, but the hostess and the bartender looked bored and snobby. Yawn. Also, be prepared for the OBNOXIOUS drunk foreign tourists. All in all not a bad place to grab a delicious burger and a beer and people watch.
4	Great burger.  A pleasant surprise with all the overpriced low quality food in Vegas.  Would definitely come back.
4	Skinny margaritas and fried pickles - not the most logical pairing perhaps, but so what ?? both were great. Awesome for people watching too!
4	This place reminds me of The Counter which we have here in SoCal except you can't get a completely custom built burger with all the special toppings and their food isn't as good. With that being said, it still was a pretty solid burger. Shared a burger with my wife and it was plenty. We also had a half and half order of the sweet potato fries and onion strings. The sweet potato fries were great, the onion strings were just eh.
4	I still come in here several times a month. "Strong Island Amy" is the hottest and best waitress I've had so far at any restaurant. Super attentive!You can't go wrong with the food here, if you don't like it, you're an effing communist!
1	Terrible service to start off withWe were seated and waited about 5minutes for the waitress to come by to take a drink order. She didnt tell us any specials of the day and when I asked to be moved to a table and not a high top I got the worst snob ever. We went to another table and the waitress in that station came over to get out drink order however we told her the other waitress got it, just not our order. We mustve been invisible to her because she didn't bring our drinks nor tell the other waitress what our drinks were. The table next to us got water and drinks before us, so I waited a few more minutes and the waitress came over to say that she didn't know what was going on but what was our drinks. Forget it, im leaving because this is just poor service.That waitress should find a job she enjoys doing because this is definitely not her thing! I run a restaurant and that's by far the rudest staff ive met!
2	1 star for outside seating cause the weather was great and people watching.1 star for the pickle fries.that's it.The burger I ordered was nothing to rant or rave about. I don't even really remembered what burger I ordered.
5	The most delicious hamburger not just on the Strip,but  ANYWHERE!!!  We had a to go order that was piping hot when we picked it up. BUT the fries were even good hours later--COLD.. lol.. Love the new milkshakes Mango Coconut and Peanut Butter... We had an appetizer in El Segundo the Mex place next door. The server Jose E.. Just ask for the Jose with 6 or 7 kids...is awesome... I met my boyfriends daughters for the first time. I was quite nervous but he made us all relax.  They are very kid friendly which is almost impossible to find on the Strip.. Strip isnt exactly Disney Land.. So check out for a relaxed,fun,kid friendly place...take out or dine in...
4	Located right on the strip outside of the fashion show mall, it was prefect timing with me being hungry and reading about how they have a great made in house veggie burger. It sure sounded great : veggies, brown rice, sesame and sunflower seeds, cashews on a buttered bun. The man got the bacon cheddar burger and we shared a basket of fries.I liked them, simple, salty and crispy, the man however said too much salt and left them for  me.The burgers were $10 each, the fries $4 which is average, even cheap for the strip.The place is noisy, i didn't like the music but you could only sit outside with speakers everywhere. More a place to drink and grab a bite before going to the club, less for dates or families.Service was your typical aloof vegas stripper, charming to look at just don't expect  much, your order will be off and it will be impossible to locate her when you need her.Still we had a nice time and the food was great.
2	LIving on the strip in a condo makes this one of the spots that I frequent most.  The reason for my 2 stars today is all due to the service I just experienced for our server JILLIAN.  Where do I even start!?As we were being seated by the sweet hostess, I noticed a young blonde girl sweeping by our table.  After being seated and looking at the menu for 3 or so minutes, that same girl who was sweeping came to our table.  She NEVER gave us her name, just asked what we wanted to drink.  Now I have been a server and a bartender at many places and I know the Universal Steps of Service!! Always start by being polite and saying Hello, my name is.... Come on! Common Sense!!! Anyway, she took our drink order and came back with it.  I had water my friend had an Iced Tea.  She forgot to bring a lemon with it.  That is also common sense.  She didn't try to up sell beverages.  Normally you ask, would you like to start off with a pepsi, ice tea, or an ice cold beer etc. but this was not even offered to us.  She then took our order and walked off.  I noticed that there was only one silverware wrap-up on the table and she did not notice it.  I waited to see if she would catch that.  Our food was delivered by a food runner and that food runner didn't catch the 1 silverware roll up either so I stood up and grabbed one from another table.  The food runner, also female said nothing to us. She did not ask if we had everything, if we needed anything, or to even enjoy our meal.  Jillian, was no where to be found.  We had our food for about 5 minutes before she even came over to see if we were okay or if the food was cooked correctly.  Well, my fries were a bit cold but I let it slide.  Our drinks ran low, so I pushed my glass toward the end of the table with hopes she would see it.  As she stood with her arms crossed against the wall I started to get mad.  Everybody knows when a drink is half full you refill it, but mine was completely empty. As she stood against the wall looking around I wondered how she did not "see" this.  As she walked to the back to avoid us I stood up and POURED MY OWN WATER from a pitcher that was by us.  YES, I poured my own water.  As I did this a server named ALEX came over and he was so polite and sweet.  He asked us if we were okay and if we needed anything.  He grabbed my friend more ice tea and he then bussed our table and took the dishes we weren't using all while our own sever Jillian watched him.  She is something else.  Being a server is a team effort.  I would be livid if I had to pick up the slack for a lazy server who clearly was hating her life that day and who showed she did not want to be there.  So, with that said, I asked Alex what her deal was.  He said she was upset because her guest had been stiffing her or tipping poorly all day.  WELL I WONDER WHY!! Now comes the best part, she asked if we wanted desert then dropped our check off.  Her name was on the check so that is the only way I got her name.  I asked for a manager and relayed all of this to her as well.  The manager was extremely responsive and helpful.  She offered to do something for us but I said no.  I was not looking for a hand out just good service.  I told her that Jillian's poor attitude and lack of serving skills makes their place look bad and I just wanted to address the issue so Jillian's attitude could be adjusted for her next set of patrons.  Our bill was $29.00 so we left Jillian $3.00.  That is more than she deserved clearly.  Since I am in the Vegas service industry I just couldn't leave nothing.  I get it, we work for tips and that is our sole income.  But as I walked out I did hand Alex a $20 tip for being so polite and helpful.  He deserved it.  Now, the kicker of this whole experience..... as we left Jillian yelled out, "ADIOS" in a snide tone.   Are you kidding me!! How old are you!? So I asked again for the same manager and told her about that as well.  That is seriously uncalled for.  If I was Jillian's manager I would have sent her home to adjust her attitude.  I hope you are reading this Jillian because this is NOT how your treat your customer unless you want to get getting Zero to 10%tips.   Take some notes from Alex!All in all I do love this spot.  The food is yummy and I haven't had a bad server experience until tonight.  Yes, I will return but you best believe I will not sit in Jillian's section again.  I'll save my $20 for the next server.
1	Cold fries, greasy fried pickles and horrible service.  This place was a disappointment.  Too bad, great location.
3	Chili was good.  Burger and fries were ok.  Not a half pounder and bun was not great,         I will not eat here again.  We were hungry and it was close.  The Burger Joint at Mandalay is much better.  Bacon cheeseburger was $10.  It was happy hour and small fries were $2.  They had a mini burger and drink specials on the happy hour menu as well.
5	This place served me the best burger I have ever had in my entire life! And on top of that, their drinks are pretty delicious and cheap! I highly recommend the Orange Whip.
4	Southwest burger is good.  Slider sampler is good.  Sweet potato fries and onion strings are a must.  Good drinks and staff.  If you're looking for a place to watch the strip, this is a good as any.
3	There's a new trend sweeping the nation....it's called 'open up a burger bar with average beef but multiple choices to make up for the average beef'. This place is no different than any other 'burger bar' type of restaurant. Lot's of crazy burger choices and they're pretty tasty. I can get the same experience here in Pittsburgh by going to BRGR or Burgatory. Link to there website: http://stripburger.com/ It does still satisfy the taste buds though. Due to there being other burger bars that do the exact same thing, I can't give this place or any of those places more than 3 stars.
4	Stripburger is no doubt one of the best burgers in Vegas. Even ordering my meat well done, it taste like the cow was just slaughtered out back. (Except there is no out back) I'd gladly give them 5 stars if they'd up their service game a bit. Good location being at the end of the fashion show mall. Parking is easy if you know where to park. I go back and forth between the blue cheese burger, the green chile burger, and the Mexican burger. But I've never had anything I didn't enjoy. Also their shakes, BRILLIANT! Butterscotch served with a big straw please! Atomic fries are my fav, with garlic herb fries a close second. I love this place so much, feel free to invite me when you go!
4	always a sure stop on the strip look for a coupon on rest.com. last time had their turkey burger and fries.
2	Hard time getting noticed by the new pigtail bartender at the outside bar. I managed to sit at the bar unnoticed while she has her back to me for a good 5 minutes. I'm not one to scream "Hey, can I get a drink?" because it'd be rude. Lady, no one expects a superhuman but be aware that other guests need service too. Chat and walk- it's possible. It was cold and rainy the night I went but it's usually not an issue because they have lamp warmers. I told the host my lamp was out and she checks and says they can't change it until it's all the way out?!?! Okay, so I'm suppose to freeze and suffer quietly while you're toasty under your lamp?  The bartender noticed too, made a radio call, but nothing happened. I can't make this stuff up people. Not the end of the world, but we've all had those nights that just get worse and worse and we hadn't even ordered yet. I said "uncle" and we just moved the party elsewhere.
2	I have been here before and it was really good. Visited last week and they put us in the front with no barrier to the outside . No lamp either, just an overhead heater. When I asked to be moved either to the bar which only had one or two folks sitting there or to an empty table in the back that had lamps and a barrier, the hostess said no, that would mess up the server rotation. WHAT??? So she pulls a lamp nearby which was no help against the wind. The burgers were overcooked and the fries and straws came out cold. Took a few bites and got the rest to go. No more Stripburger for me. Ate there on Jan 4th about 3pm. It was such a different experience from the other times I have been. I think someone needs a staff meeting on customer service.
4	I am quite the fan of this place. Pretty much every time that I am in Vegas I go straight here. Not a great selection of beers but great prices during their happy hours. The wow factor of this place is their burger and fries. First the burgers. I have had tried them all but the mexican burger is the best. I was introduced to this a while back before it was even on the menu. Chipotle Mayo, pickled red onions, Jalapeno,  Cotilla Cheese, Cilantro, and a roasted Jalapeno stabbed into the top of the bun with a toothpick. My mouth is watering just thinking about it. You must get their green homemade "Chuy" sauce with it. It is spicy and a delight to the taste buds. If Amy(great bartender) is there she serves it with every Mexican burger.Next up is the Garlic fries, lots of fresh garlic spices. Big enough to share but just like grandma when you got close to her pies you will be slapping an intruders hand. Not only are the libations cheap for happy hr, full bar is $1 after nine. Their regular fries and sliders are half off. All of the seating is outside but they have heaters for when it's cold and fans for the warm dessert summers. I have never once had subpar service at a table or the bar.
2	So we came here because we had a 15$ off coupon  that expired soon. My boyfriend ordered the Three Mini Burger sampler plate, and I got the house Veggie Burger. We ordered fries, and since the portions were so large for just one got a half order of sweet potato and half garlic and herb. The fry portions are pretty big, it's a BOWL, and it's and extra 4$ for them.Note: There is indoor seating; you can't see it but it is there.The fries were not great. Not really bad, but really just plain. The sweet potato fries were the usual mediocre ones that aren't very crispy, and they had a ton of salt clumps on them which really didn't help. The garlic and herb fries- I feel I should tell you the 'herb' is cilantro-  were really greasy, and not infused with the garlic flavor, they just tossed chopped garlic (which looks like it's the pre-chopped kind out of a jar) and cilantro into the bowl and mixed it up.The Veggie Burger unfortunately is the mushy kind- it doesn't hold up well, and feels like you're eating baby food. On the menu it lists 'Vegetables'  possibly to save space for the list of different types they put in, so I don't know what all is in there, but I saw pieces of bell pepper, so there's that. It was just really mushy and had an odd flavor to it- like water chestnuts mixed with pickles. After a a few bits, it went cold. Not cool to the touch, but cold, and became inedible after that.My boyfriend said he couldn't tell the difference between his three mini burgers, which were suppose to be samplers of their best burgers there. Overall the food wasn't great, and it's not someplace we will be going back to anytime soon.
3	We have been to this place several times now. Each time the service has either been awesome (5 stars) or below mediocre (1 star), but the food is good! So average of 3 stars. If the food goes down hill, then this place will be a no go for us for sure.
3	Back on the Stripburger bandwagon after the bad experience last time. It was freezing outside so we walked past the host stand and headed inside. A server caught us and said we couldn't sit at the Stripburger inside dining area. She hesitated a bit and then took us over to the El Segundo side. We sat for a little while and she disappeared. I gather she was figuring out what to do with life, not sure, but she reappeared about 5 minutes later and asked about drinks and our order shortly thereafter. I don't expect to be seated and asked what we want to order and drink immediately, but there is something to be said about a server that shows up to a table within 1 minute of you being seated, especially since she was the one that sat us. I must admit the service has been consistently lacking lately, even the food has been coming out a little tardy. Not sure what the issue is, but they need to get it together.Anyway, the Mexican burger was juicy and the garlic herb fries were good.
1	I have the incredible fortune of living in Las Vegas and dining at some of the best restaurants in the world.  Unfortunately, STRIPBURGER is not one of them.  I ordered a beer, burger and fries as I sat at the bar.  The food was fine.  Not terrible.  Not phenomenal.  I would say acceptable. A little pricey, but everything on the LV strip tends to be a bit higher priced so no major surprises there.At the end of the meal, the bartender gives my bill.   I submit my $15 off a $30 purchase coupon to her.  She rings the transaction on the cash register, I pay and she gives me my receipt. Right before I left, I told the bartender I would be back for another beer after I did some shopping in the adjoining mall.  One hour later, I returned. I sat at the bar again with the same bartender.  I ordered another beer.  The price is $11.00 plus tax.  I lay my $10.00 off any purchase coupon on the bar along with two single $1.00 bills.  In Las Vegas, NV the state sales tax equals 8.1% of your total purchase price.  On an $11.00 purchase, the sales tax equals approximately .89 cents.  So the total of my beer should be $11.89.  This is where things start getting dicey. The bartender picks up my two single dollar bills along with my $10.00 coupon.  She immediately places the two $1.00 bills in her tip bucket.  She then proceeds to lay my $10.00 coupon on the top of her till drawer on the cash register and she completely fails to ring my beer purchase on the cash register.  I get no change and no receipt.  Meanwhile, the bartender has three separate girlfriends who visit her, on three separate occasions during my visit.  The bartender seems to be more interested in jawboning with her girlfriends then paying attention to doing her job and taking bar orders.  At one point, a gentleman on the other side of the bar actually yells ''Excuse me Miss, may I order a drink''.By this point, I decide I am going to speak to the Manager about what I just witnessed in regards to the bartender failing to ring my transaction, return my change and provide me with a receipt.  I go into the restaurant and find the Manager named Scott.  I relate to him exactly what I have outlined here, and I describe in exact detail what the bartender did.  This Manager Scott, and I utilize that term loosely in this context, because Scott certainly did not behave like a Manager.  After I explain what I witnessed, he looks at me with this blank stare and says, ''I will go and get you your change right now''.  I explain to him, ''It's not about my .11 cents, It's about the principal of the matter.  Are you at all concerned that your bartender is taking cash that belongs in your cash register drawer and putting it in her tip bucket and failing to properly ring transactions?''  Scott immediately becomes defensive and very rude and states, ''Maybe she thought it was a tip.  Look, I don't understand what you are complaining about.  I offered to get your change and you refused.  I will have a conversation with her and that conversation is none of your business''.  I reply ''May I ask you a question, how come I did not receive a receipt for my beer purchase?''  Scott replies, ''It's our policy to only issue a receipt when requested to do so''.  I reply....''WRONG!  I received a receipt 1 hour before from the same bartender for my lunch purchase, AND I DID NOT REQUEST IT!  So what is your receipt policy Scott?''  By this time Scott is becoming visibly agitated with me and again, in a very rude and condescending manner, ''Look I told you I would speak with her about it and you already said you don't want your change so what else is there to talk about.  At that point, I state, ''you know what, I'm done speaking with you, have a nice day".  So I proceed to finish my beer and prepare to leave.  I glance down at the end of the bar and I notice manager Scott speaking to a well-dressed gentleman who just entered the restaurant, and I see Scott motion over to me, as if he is relating my story to this other gentleman.  Next thing I know, this man comes up to me and Scott introduces him as Mr. Ross B, Vice president & Managing partner of the restaurant.  I'm naming this gentleman, because he requested that I do so when I told him he could read my review on YELP.    Mr. B. goes on to state that Scott told him about my experience.  A this point I inform Mr. B that Scott is very rude and spoke to me in a very condescending and unwelcomed tone of voice.  I went on to say that I was more than happy to speak with him, but I was done conversing with Scott and he could exit our conversation.  Scott leaves and goes back to work.  Mr. B. goes on to state that he had never known Scott to be rude.  I told him that he would probably be amazed at some of the behavior of his employees when he was not present at his restaurant.AVOID THIS RESTAURANT LIKE THE PLAGUE!
3	I just dont get it. The food is good.. the service is terrible!!!
3	The first time I came here, we had the fried pickles and did the little trio of burgers. I don't even like blue cheese but they are famous for their blue cheese burger. NOM. It was actually GOOD!! They have outdoor seating right on the strip so it's good for people watching and I believe they also have misters to keep you cool on those hot summer days! The second time we came here just for appetizers, fried pickles of course, onion rings and guacamole. The fried pickles failed me this time! I'm not sure why but they just didn't taste as good as the first time. The guacamole and the onion rings were still good though.
4	This little outdoor-only joint is on the corner of Fashion Show, right across from the Wynn.  I love sitting outdoors and people watching here, especially when the weather is nice, but they use heaters and misters in the cold and hot weather, respectively, to keep the climate comfortable.  Don't let the extreme weather keep you away!  The burgers are fresh (seriously!!) and flavorful!  Even the plainest of burgers here will knock your socks off.  The garlic fries are to die for.  And, if you're not already thinking alcoholic beverage, then you should give the chocolate fudge milkshake a whirl.I can't say the service has ever been anything but average, but the burgers, fries, and the location make up for anything this restaurant lacks in the service department.
5	Only like my 30th time here. Great place to just hang out with friends and get a cold one. They also make some of the best burgers and have the friendliest bartenders in Vegas!
5	I find myself in vegas 3 or 4 times a year and every time I find myself stopping in for an Awesome California Burger from Strip Burger. We always get Sweet Potato Fries & Fried Pickles too! Being from CA we have have lots of these kinda restaurants but the Vegas joint takes the cake! Love It! Great location for people watching, all the staff rocks everytime, food is great, fans, misters, heaters everything for every season!!! I was a lil nervous the first time I order the giant jack and coke but they actually put lots of liquor in it & all of the drinks as i came to find out... very uncommon for a restaurant!!!! The Mojitos are great too! All the drinks & food are average "non vegas" restauarant prices. $10 burgers $8-10 Mixed Drinks & Giant Sized Drinks for a lil more money but they are totally worth it! Oh ya and they have TO GO CUPS!!! I have forced so many people to try this spot while we were in vegas and many said "A burger joint when there is so much to choose from?" but every single person has told me that the next time they were in Vegas without me they went back!!! Oh & it has a huge FREEEEE garage parking located just behind it. Its a great way to start your trip after a long car ride or a perfect place to eat before that long car ride. Or for a fun lunch/dinner on the strip with lots of people watching!
3	Another upscale burger place but unlike the other ones this is one is overpriced for no reason. Stripburger is tucked away in the North corner of the Fashion Show Mall. Its a pretty small restaurant and actually looks like a patio of another restaurant. The seating is all outdoors under a series of tents so make sure the weather is nice. Turns out the restaurant actually shares a kitchen with a neighboring Mexican restaurant (El Segundo Sol), along with bathrooms and some waitstaff.For the most part, the menu is similar to other 'fancy burger' places. Each burger runs around $10-12 bucks. The traditional cheeseburgers or whatever are cheaper and their 'specialty' ones are more expensive.... An assortment of fries each around $4-8, and of course alcoholic milkshakes.I tries to the KBBQ burger which just seemed like a regular patty with some Kalbi sauce on it. Pretty average. The atomic fries are regular fries layer with Velveeta cheese and jalapenos. The food here isn't bad, its just not that good. If you want a good burger check our Holsteins or Burger Bar way better.
4	This place is a great break from the overpriced strip! Very good selection of burgers and other sandwiches. Convenient location with outdoor seating. Great service.
4	The absolute best damn burger I have ever had anywhere ever. 5 stars for the burger!The service is excellent 4 stars.The atmosphere is fun and open with spacious high tops throughout. 4 stars.The fresh cut fries are delicious. 4 stars.Late hours - open 'till 12am on Friday & Saturday nights - Yay! 4 stars.
3	Alright so we went back because we had another coupon, and this time I got the seared Ahi Tuna burger. It was a major step up from the veggie burger I got previously. It comes with ginger and avocado (yum!) and thick juicy strips of seasoned Ahi Tuna. I refrained from getting pickle fries, but now that we are part of their little members club I'm sure we will be coming back, and I will most certainly get them.
5	Went for Happy Hour and had amazing mini cheeseburgers for $2.50ea and a hefty "side" of fries for $2. Well drinks and some beers were also $2. It was a great deal for Vegas, located directly on the Strip, floor level of the Fashion Mall. I would definitely recommend and definitely go back!!
4	When you go to a burger joint, don't order a salad! Order a burger. I ordered the special of the week: a pretzel burger with swiss cheese, fried onions, that came with a small order of fries for only $9.95. you can't go wrong. good beef burger and great tasting fresh cut fries! seating outdoors and beautiful scenery with great service (our waitress noticed I was wearing shorts and was kind enough to offer me another napkin to sit on so I wouldn't have marks all over my legs from sitting on stool.)so much better than eating in the food court which is indoors.
5	YUM YUM YUM!This place was awesome! Conveniently located on the strip, Stripburger is a great place to eat a burger, shake, dessert, or have a drink in the bar!! I loved the food here.  I had a cheeseburger and french fries, and it was so fresh and delicious!  I was able to try a guacamole and salsa plate, and wow it was fantastic! The coconut flan was so good!  The people are friendly, and you can go there and not feel broke after leaving!If you are in Vegas and want a great dinner or lunch eat here!
5	Most delicious burger anywhere. Great value,service,and strip views! Please note this is a FULL service restaurant. When I want fast food I go to in and out or 5 guys. Or fashion show food court..oh my kids love this place. Burgers are made to MY specifications medium rare. Not one temperature for all like fast food places! Also try Oreo choc chip milk shake. It's my number one bribe for my kids good behaviour! Lol
3	Slow service. Waited 15 minutes until we were asked for drink orders another 10 until we actually got water. Servers are not friendly.
4	I stumbled upon this place after arriving from a long flight and after checking into the Wynn across the street. This place is located in an ideal location outside across from the Wynn and next to fashion show mall. Great outside view to people watch. The food was pretty good. I ordered a hickory bbq grilled chicken sandwich with fried onions, avacado and an order of sweet potato fries to share. The sandwich was a bit messy but ooo so tasty! Service was decent, pretty quick and efficient. It's worth a visit back once I'm in the area for an extended vacay.
4	Good burgers and fries, and absolutely amazing service from Alex.  We go here every year when we visit Vegas and this was the best service we have ever had.
4	Good alternative if the food court inside Fashion Show is unappealing. Patio seating. Burgers are around $10 and there are both beef and chicken selections. Also salads. Going to opt out of the fried pickles next time. Batter was too thick, so I had to peel off one side of batter..essentially I was eating an open-faced fried pickle. The grilled cheese sandwich was good, came on thick toast with oozing cheese. I liked the jalapeno poppper burger. It isn't as heavy as it might sound with its fried cheddar cheese, date glazed bacon and jalapeno. Then again, I only took a bite.  I would come back because sometimes you just don't want fast food or a fancy meal...you want something in between..ya know?
5	I will start by saying E.S is a good friend of mine, but E S. review is completely incorrect and misguided. I was there with E.S, and E.S acted like a child by pushing this button that was located on the bar many times just to be annoying.As for the name tag? C'mon E.S, you have to be kidding me...this review is low even for you.Now for the review:This place has great deals, and the waitress E.S mentioned was extremely friendly and she was joking around with him. My other friend and I came back two days in a row, and the waitress actually remembered us. She even bought my friend a drink for his birthday. In a big city like Vegas, it was good to see that some of the workers in Sin City were actually friendly. The people at the Stripburger were great, and the atmosphere is conducive for a great time.My 2 friends and I were there for a few hours and drank a lot, and because of their late night happy hour, it was inexpensive. All together our bills added up to less than $25. The Stripburger is located outside across from the Wynn and next to the fashion show mall. It also has a great outside view of the strip.Unfortunately, the only food I ordered was the fries, but they were delicious, so I am sure the other food they had is just as great.All in all, this joint was one of my favorite places on the strip. The prices are unbeatable and the staff is friendly. If I ever were to return to Las Vegas, I would be sure to come back to try some of their delicious food.I would definitely recommend this place!!!
4	Came here with my friend, partly to eat burgers, partly to try to catch the little stray kitten that hangs out in the area. Mostly to kitty-capture.Nonetheless, I ordered their veggie burger and some sweet potato fries. It seems like its mostly outdoor seating, which wasn't fun cause it was a windy night, but they try their best to accommodate you with windbreaking see-through walls put up and outdoor heaters going, wasn't too shabby. Place was very clean and the waitress was nice. The veggie burger was made out of some sort of rice and peppers, which was super good and not like anything I've had before. Unlike most burger places that just slap a Boca burger on a bun for the vegetarians, this place thoroughly impressed me in that aspect. The fries were super tasty, I don't know what they did to them but it was like magic.Alas, after our delicious meal there was no little kitten in sight, and with heavy hearts we left our number with the waitress to call if they ever caught it. Poor kitty!
5	Burgers are excellent and so are the fried pickles. Location is great and considering its on the strip its not that expensive.
4	Blue Cheese burger was delicious. Service was excellent. Mojito was strong. The garlic fries were hot and delicious. I love the heat lamps and outdoor vibe. I even loved the background music. Great place.
5	I recently tried this place when I was in Vegas for a photography convention. My friends raved about this place, and I must say that it's pretty darn tasty. I ordered their mini burger sampler because I couldn't decided between two different burgers, so I figured I could try them both, and another one on a smaller scale. They were ALL good, but the Blue Cheese Burger was out of this world!! Their sweet potato fries and garlic herb fries were TO DIE FOR! I highly recommend this place. The atmosphere is relaxed, it's all patio style seating. The ONLY thing that went wrong during our visit here was our ticket got lost, for our table of 11. They took care of us though, for all the inconvenience. Definitely check this place out. You will not be disappointed!
4	HAPPY NIGHT!The Happy Hour starts here at 11pm and goes until close...I love Vegas! You can really find a happy hour at any hour in Vegas. I can not believe I am reviewing this place because it is my secret place to go to and just veg out alone.  One of the managers at Mon Ami Gabi told me about this place 6 years ago and I always come down for some cheap $2 beers (Happy Hour) and a little dinner. Amy the bartender is really nice and I've seen her on past visits but I'm sure she doesn't remember me.  You might think she's unfriendly at first but once you start talking to her you will then realize how cool she is. She works her butt off at the circle bar. Running around keeping customers happy and also making drinks for the servers tables. The burgers here are good but I wouldn't expect anything less from a Lettuce Entertain You restaurant. Plus Chicago chains rock!!! I know...spoken like a true Chicago Boy! Hey I've got to stand up for my city! I have no idea why they haven't opened this concept in Chicago. (I'm not a fan of there M Burger...the rip off version of In n Out)My favorite thing here is the butter salad but now it seems to come with romaine and spinach. The salad is nice and large. It is worth the money because you will feel full. I know what your thinking...a salad in Vegas...yes after everything my body has been put through it needs this. I also enjoyed the onion rings too. I know it's an app but it really isn't for sharing because there's only like 6 rings in here. So get your own basket! No really get your own!This is just a great place to chill out and relax. I also love that it is outside too. There is not much of a view unless you like looking at Steve Wynn's billions towering in the desert sky. The food is priced reasonable for Vegas and the Happy Drinks will save you a bunch. Until next time strip burger.
4	Stopped at Strip Burger after checking into the Wynn across the street. A really good burger with an equally good chocolate milkshake. The staff was great, too!
4	The burgers were delicious! My husband has the green chili burger and after trying it...we were delighted. An great way to get a bang for your buck. I had the california chicken sandwhich and it was good. I was definetely more impressed with the green chili burger though. Our waitor was great very helpful and down to earth. Our fries came out a little cold and he returned it no question asked...in a few minutes we had fresh new hot fries.My only complaint is the hostess. I would have given this place 5 stars but this girl ruined our first impression of the restraurant as it was our first time there. She didn't even greet us...just mumbled, "how many". Then walked off with menus a little unsure we followed her and she put the menus on the table and walked off again without saying anything. Horrible people skills.
4	The service was great...my 32oz margarita was AMAZING....so were the nacho fries.I had a plain cheese burger....I would like to try a fancy burger next time...I'm sure it is great as well.
2	The Whiskey gingerale is delicious but beware the french fries are absolutely horrible!! absurd amounts of salt!
4	Hubby and I had lunch on our first day of a recent trip to Vegas.  We both had classic cheeseburgers and split cheddar fries and hubby had a beer and I had Jeff's Shakin' Lemonade which was delicious and refreshing.  Fries were ok--think I'd get them without the cheese next time--and the burgers were great and cooked to medium as requested.  Service was friendly and we had no problem using our Restaurant.com gift certificate.  Total with tip and the $10 gift cert was $36.I think I would rate my burger a notch below Holstein's but it was a close second.
4	A great place to have some burgers and milkshakes if you're already on the strip. Granted that you'll pay strip prices for your dinner, but our group was not disappointed. They have a wide selection of sandwiches, burgers, and salads which made it extremely difficult to decide which to order. The burgers don't come with fries, so as a group we ordered "the threesome" which came with fried onion strings, french fries, and fried pickles. The fried onion stings were a little soggy and too greasy for my liking, but the fried pickles were awesome. The french fries were standard fries, nothing to write home about. But a must is to order the chocolate peanut butter milkshake. If you have a weakness for sweets like I do, you'll die when you take your first sip. It was like a Reese peanut butter cup in liquid form- amazing.
3	Vegas has great food places all over. I don't think this would be at the top of my list of places to return. However, if you're staying at the Wynn or Venetian and you're sick of paying top dollar for food this may be up your alley.I actually had a few too many burgers at this point in my trip so I decided to go with the chicken sandwich.  It was pretty good, properly cooked, and everything was fresh. I can't complain but it just didn't amazing me.
4	I've been here twice with my wife! We first went since it was directly across the street from where we were staying, the Wynn, but this time we found our way up from Mandalay bay since it's so tasty and affordable!  They recommended a shot in my chocolate shake.. DELISH!!  Anyway.. find your way up here...  it's great.
2	I was really expecting to give a better review for Stripburger after researching it here on Yelp. It has an Ideal Location in Vegas, located along the strip right across from the Wynn. All the seating is outside which is great for people watching. Its got a good mix of tourists and locals and a hip vibe. The menu is small but filled with some tasty sounding burgers and appetizers. So what is my problem...COLD FOOD! Simone and I started with the threesome appetizer. Onion Strings, French Fries and Fried Pickles. These arrived to the table pretty quickly and were crispy crunchy, hot and good. But this is were things started to go wrong. For my Burger I choose the Popular Blue Cheese Burger. The Burger looked impressive. Thick and juicy, it was topped with fried onions, a good helping of blue cheese, lettuce, tomato and pickles. It was cooked medium as I requested and It should have tasted great, but it was only luke warm at first bite and by the second or third bite it was cold. For being a chilled burger it wasn't half bad but I like my burgers hot.  Simone had the same kind of luck with the house made vegetable burger she ordered. It had a decent nutty healthy flavor but fell apart when she bit into it and also was only luke warm.  I'm not sure why our meal was not hot. It was 95 degrees on the patio so I'm thinking that wasn't the problem. The good news is that to end the meal we ordered a chocolate mousse cake like thing that was served cold so no worries with that one. This could have been a three or four star review but for today I can only give Stripburger a chilly two.
2	Good but not the best I've ever had.  Happy they had indoor seating as it was 112 out.    Server was friendly and knowledgeable, fries were drastically overcooked for being charged separately.  Average $20.00 per person with a non-alcoholic drink.
5	Best Burgers! Vegas prices, but worth it! I had the Green Chilli Burger (great roasted chilli flavor & just right heat), Both types of fries are great, huge beers, homemade hot sauce is great, chef prides himself and rightfully so! Shakes thick and tasty!  Go here now! Also great place for people watching! ;-p
3	We were already on the Strip and in need of some major nourishment. Having just missed a Deuce, we were ready to cut our losses and dig in. We settled on the Stripburger and I'm glad we did. The drinks were good (at Vegas prices) and the meal well made, served quickly, and yummy.Our one major complaint is that we ordered the "bucket of shrimp/prawns" as an appetizer and while it IS served in a bucket about 95% of the bucket is ice. There were exactly 5 shrimp/prawns in said bucket. And, while those were great - it didn't exactly live up to expectations (or the price.)
5	Best burger I have had since moving to Vegas two years ago. Service was good. The food was outstanding and the fries were perfect. The only downside was the noise. It was frickin loud! We sat out on the patio (btw they had lots of fans and misters so the heat wasn't oppressive) and they had lady gaga on 11. It was in my opinion too loud, but the food made up for the slightly loud environment. Good job!
4	Nice play to enjoy a burger and watch all the weirdos walk by. I like the atomic fries, blue cheese burger and also the jack Daniels burger. If you are an industry worker they'll give you 25% off.
4	My hubby and I got a restaurant.com cert. He is a burger aficionado so I knew he would enjoy a burger on our vegas trip. He got the western burger and a "threesome" (um ya... thats deep fried pickle chips, fries, onion strings). I got the chopped salad. The burger was excellent but the biggest thing was, and I quote, "those are the best onion rings I've ever had". Thats huge. I enjoyed the pickle chips and my salad was okay. The only con was there are no booths for those with bad backs to sit and lean, and some waitress took samples of milkshakes out to the strip and walked past me. I wanted one!!
1	Went here with a few friends when we were in Vegas a couple months ago. I'll start out by saying the burgers were just ok, nothing special for the price. This was easily one of the worst service experiences we have ever had. It took forever for our food to arrive, and a couple of the items were wrong. A few of the drinks and appetizers we ordered never came out, and we were charged for them on the bill.
3	Just a quick update for this review...after my less then stellar opinion of Stripburger,  I was contacted by the owner to discuss the issues and was then sent a gift certificate to dine once again at one of their Las Vegas restaurants. This was much appreciated and a nice gesture and great as far as customer service goes.  I am looking forward to a improved food experience on my next visit!
4	Had a restaurant.com coupon so did not pay full price as others.  My wife and I really enjoyed our burgers.  I had the bleu cheese and my wife had just a cheeseburger.  Both were cooked perfectly to order and extremely tasty.  Fries were the only reason to lose a star as they were ho-hum.
2	Service was much better than the food. The pickle fries were awful! Could not taste the pickle, as the breading over powered the pickle. The french fries were over cooked. The grease these were cooked in must have been several years old. The burger was good and perfectly cooked, but the bun was mushy with grease. Guess the cook does not know to let the meat rest for a few minutes.Go to this only in an emergency when you are starved and must eat within a few minutes. Otherwise, go anywhere else!
4	the food is okay. Although I did not have a burger from here so not sure how much that opinion matters. I did however have a butterscotch shake is awesome I highly recommend it!
4	Great service! Great location! Great burger!  We had a wonderful experience and we were oblivious to the heat of outdoor dining due to the cooling systems in place.  Our party of 4 adults each got something different with everyone very pleased with their selection.  We would go again when in Vegas.
2	the deathly thin blonde/redhead  girl that works here is just plain offensive.  i can hear you complain about "stupid fucking foreigners", i am not deaf.
4	Their shakes are really awesome! To be honest the burgers are just like other burgers. It was a nice seating area as long as it's not the middle of summer. The area is shaded and great for people watching.
3	I ate at Stripburger on a Friday afternoon.  It was a very hot Vegas day, which is typical for August.  We had eaten here a few years ago and didn't care for sitting outside.  I heard some good things about Stripburger, so thought I would give them another shot.  Even though all of the seating is outdoors, they have some pretty strong fans and a lot of misters.  I sat at the bar and was totally comfortable throughout my meal, despite the triple digit temperature outside.  Service was quick, I was immediately approached by the bartender and received my burger after about 12 minutes.  I opted for the jalapeno popper burger, which has the typical burger veggies, bacon, jalapeno and fried cheddar.  The fried cheddar is what lured me in, and it was fantastic.  It was crispy and added great texture to the burger to go with the cheesy flavor.  I could have used more jalapeno, I'll order extra when I get the burger again.  My main issue with the burger was I ordered it medium and it came out medium well at best.  Still had some juice, but it was certainly overcooked.  On the side, I had the onion strings.  You get a huge basket for $3.95, easily enough to share.  I liked them, but they could have been a little thicker for my taste, they were extremely thin strings.  But, great crunch and nice onion flavor.  Had the burger been cooked to medium and the onion strings a little thicker, this would be a 4 star review.  But, it was much better than I remember, and I'll be back next time I have to go to the mall.
4	Come here every visit to Vegas. Went for happy hour this time had a few drinks. The beer mojito was really good. Ordered the burger with the fired egg was delish but well done when I asked for medium well. Overall good service drinks and food. Will be back
5	This place is one of my most favorite spots on the Strip.I've been here a few times, but most recently, a friend brought me for a birthday dinner.Here's the rub:Service: Good. Fairly attentive and very friendly. Food: Amazing! We both had the Brie & Bacon Burger. This might just be one of the most delicious items on the entire strip. Seriously. Hopefully you like cheese, because the brie is perfect, and the flavors balance out perfectly!Drinks: They have this adult lemonade that is PERFECT on a hot summer day. Make this happen. And make sure to ask for the large (32oz)....assuming you aren't driving.Prices: Reasonable. Expect to spend $30 per person for food and drinks. They have a fantastic happy hour as well. You can get the details from other reviews.
2	What a disappointment!   I was so excited to eat here..I'm such a big fan of Lettuce Entertain Enterprises.  I love RJ Grunts which is the granddaddy to Stripburger.  The taste of the beef at Stripburger was not awe inspiring.  In my book the ultimate measure of a good burger is the meat.   FAIL I asked the waiter if they served Bison/Buffalo... He replied " Yea we serve Buffalo Chicken Sandwich.  FAIL  I will not be back Rich Melman.
4	We came here on a Sunday night and it definitely hit the spot the burgers and fries basket are delicious. I like the fact that you can do a fry combination it's good for sharing. I had the buffalo sauce chicken with blue cheese burger it was delicious! This will definitely be our go to spot every time we're in Vegas.
5	Had the bleu cheese burger and garlic fries. All delicious! Don't really understand the negative reviews the meat was juicy and had great flavor.  I can't imagine where these people are eating if there rating these burgers low.  Worth the money!
4	This place caught our eye during our stay in Vegas. We decided to try this place during lunch time so it was pretty empty and quiet. We asked to be seated indoors and it was clean so no complaints there. Our server was very attentive and made sure to answer any questions we had about the menu. She also told us about some of the specials not listed on the menu, all which sounded tasty.The food was delicious. My burger was cooked exactly as I asked and quite filling. All in all, a solid, well cooked and seasoned burger. The one thing that I really recommend is the garlic and herb fries. They were the stars of the entire meal. Of course, my breath was kicking after, but it was definitely worth it because they were that good. The sweet potato fries were also pretty nom. A word of advice, if you do want a side, split it with a friend, it's a lot for one person.If you are in the mood for a burger, and not a fast food burger, try this place. It's a hidden gem in the mall.
4	From what I remember, my husband and I enjoyed this hip burger place. Their burgers are tasty and moist. This place introduced me to the wonderful food known as fried pickles so I am forever grateful to them for that.
5	The mexican burger is KILLER... this is one of my top 10 burgers of all time.  Add this with the atomic fries and you got a meal better than any place on the strip.  Price is pretty reasonable too and the beer is cold.
2	If it were a few years ago, I would've recommended Stripburger. It used to be a favorite. Prices went up, competition grew fierce and it wasn't as convenient for me to frequent it so its been a long while since I've been. My brother and I  were reminiscing and decided to grab dinner there tonight. I was pleased to see they still had the atomic fries on the menu. I recall them being delicious. They were still good, but I missed the heavy hand of jalapenos. These were pretty sparse. I ordered the jalapeno popper burger and he couldn't choose between the BBQ Whiskey burger or the Blue burger so he opted for the sampler of three sliders so he could try them both. He also got a shake since he used to love it. The burgers should have been prepared medium, they were medium well at best. The buns were dry, the meat crumbled. The fried cheese on my burger tasted like flour and grease. I pulled it off so it would be edible. His BBQ burger came with mayo and really threw off the flavor. At least, the shake was decent.The waitress never asked how our meal was, but she was pretty prompt refilling drinks and taking our order. $40 later, we were wishing we went to In & Out and bought doubles for everyone in line. Money would have been better spent. It's a shame how bad this place has become.
5	We spent a week in Vegas and ate at at least 10 burger places during that time. This was the BEST one we found overall. The portions are large, everything was made perfectly, our waitress was great, the drinks were excellent, good people watching and best of all, its not over priced. I didn't think we would find a reasonably priced place on the strip, but here it is. Hidden in a corner. We will definitely be coming back during our next trip
5	PHENOMENAL! This is what lunch on the Strip is all about! Outside dining perfect for people watching while eating good food. Directly across the street from the Wynn and Encore, it's a great view. I'm always hesitant going to burger joints as a vegetarian because sometimes even the nicest places just throw a Gardenburger on a bun and call it a day. Not here. This is one of the best, if not THE BEST, veggie burger I've ever eaten. I opted to get it in the "Famous Bleu" setup. There are no words to describe this other than saying "Imagine eating the perfect burger." I don't take pictures of my food. This day, I took a picture of my food. I ordered it with the sweet potato fries. Again, delicious. Flavorful. Came with a great side sauce. And HUGE portions. Big enough for two.You cannot beat going here, especially for lunch. And for the price, it would be a crime not to give it a try.
4	Can't go wrong huge selections great food & prices. Perfect lunch break if you're out and about.
5	I would have to agree with Kayla M. Stripburger is a pretty great people watching spot if you're able to get the right seat. I found that the food came out really fast, and really yummy. I also found that the prices were really reasonable considering their location. I dined here with 4 other girls and we got various things from the ahi tuna burger, to the special, to a salad, and a milkshake! Everything we had was super delicious and the portions here are really generous. The downside: I'm not sure if there is indoor seating but sitting outside & along the bar is perfect on a summer day in the shade!
5	I'm surprised this place only has 3.5 stars! I've been here 3 times now and had a great experience each time! Good variety on the menu, food taste great, service is quick, awesome location, decent size patio.I also feel this is the perfect compromise between fancy restaurant and fast food in Vegas.
5	This is a really nice find. I am a local and venture regularly to the strip in hopes of good food. I went a couple of weeks ago to the strip for another famous burger place, that shall remain nameless, and I was pretty disappointed. Not this time!We were seated quickly and with a great view of the strip and a perfect people watching venue! I ordered the turkey chopped salad, very very good. The waitress talked my husband into the stuffed jalepeno burger, he was a little reluctant, but ordered it based on her recommendation. He LOVED it, couldn't stop raving!
3	I consider myself a true burger connoisseur and was anxiously awaiting a visit to Stripburger. Being a "Top 10" burger joint in Vegas, I expected big things.  The menu was interesting, but by no means the most innovative that I have seen. I was talked into the Brie and bacon burger by my awesome bartender, Amy. I ordered the burger medium rare with the egg over easy.  The burger was way over done, but Amy took care if me and sent it back. The second attempt was less well-done, but still not anything close to medium rare (and the egg was definitely NOT over easy).  I do not send food back twice. Overall the food experience was well below average, but Amy made a legitimate attempt to provide me with the best service possible. If not for her, I would never return.
2	Service was crappy, had to send fries back and food came out super cold, the floor was nasty, the only thing good was my SierraNevada
5	Very glad I decided to stop here for a burger while in Vegas.  I was seated immediately, service was friendly and attentive, and the burger was fantastic.  Had the Brie and Bacon Burger with a side of pickle chips.  Both were cooked perfectly and tasted divine.  Heaven on a bun.  I will definitely eat here again.
4	I ate at Strip Burger last night and it was pretty tasty!  My initial thought about this place was that it basically exists because of it's location and not because the food is great.  However, my burger, a cheddar and mushroom, cooked perfectly medium rare, was a piece of deliciousness and really satisfied my burger craving.  If you're looking for a decent priced meal, mine was $9.95, and/or craving a burger I'd recommend this place.Also, from 9:00 PM on they were doing select beers and well drinks for $2.  I'm not a fan so much of that as I'm a scotch girl myself, but for those looking to save some bucks and have a few, it's good to know.
5	Always a great spot in good weather. Great burgers great drink specials. We have been coming here for years after being referred by local friend. Try the cheese fries!!!
3	I really enjoyed eating at Stripburger. I really enjoy their outdoor patio and bar especially on a hot night.  You can enjoy your burger while downing some great cocktails and watch the people walk by.I agree with  Jonathan Z and say that they are about the same league as Red Robin.  They have really good selection of burgers for decent prices. The burger patty isn't anything fancy here, just your typical ground beef patty.  Don't expect any kobe beef or wagyu beef patty here.  Last time we came here for lunch, I got the green chili burger which I really enjoyed and the BF got the mexicali burger.  The only downside that I would have to say about their burgers is that it get soggy really fast.  I don't know if it's the grease or sauce they put in the burgers but even after like 30 minutes, my burger would start breaking apart.  But still good nonetheless!My favorite here is their garlic herb fries.  A great addition to get for your burgers.  Skip the atomic cheese fries.  Too messy and not all that great.Other than that, it's a pretty chill place to come if you're in the area.  Decently priced and decently flavored.
4	My wife and I were between two scheduled events and needed to grab some lunch. Stripburger was close to our hotel but we chose it purely by chance. We actually went to the mall looking for another restaurant. Once we discovered that the other restaurant was gone, we decided to try this one. And we were pleased with our choice!My wife had the Ahi tuna burger and said it was great, tasting like a sushi burger. I decided to try the southwest burger. The chipotle mayo was a nice addition. It is important to note that all items are a la carte. So, fries or other sides are ordered in addition to the burgers. This does inevitably increase the total bill a bit.The service was good. The waitress had tried most of the items and was able to provide good recommendations. The food arrived rather quick, but not too quick to make you doubt the "made to order" status.Shortly into our meal, however, another waiter was walking past with a platter of food. He lost his balance and spilled a couple full plates at our feet. There was sauce and ceramic all over the place. Somehow, most of the mess seemed to avoid our feet. We were not upset, we know accidents happen after all. However, you could tell that the staff was troubled. A manager came by to check on us a couple of times. We repeatedly said that everything was fine, no worries. At the end, our waitress informed us that our fries were being comped by the restaurant. When I got the bill, I also saw that our drinks were covered as well. A nice surprise. Quality service.The location for the restaurant is great for people watching. It is right on the corner of the Fashion Show mall. If you sit outside, you can watch the cars and people move down the Strip.I think Stripburger is worthy of a visit.
2	Be prepared to wait.I work in Fashion Show Mall, and my store receives a 1 hour lunch break.  Getting a burger, drink, and check in this amount of time is extremely difficult for the servers at Stripburger.  I've had a bit better luck at the bar, but the table service servers over a three year period have really just not gotten it together.I'm pretty sure my trip today was our last.  We had to find a waitress three times.  Once, a drink was just subpar.  The second time was to replace the cold french fries that were delivered to the table.  The third was to get the check.We poured our own water glasses as we were lucky to be sat next to the hostess stand where they keep pitchers for the waitresses.  I just stood up and grabbed glasses and poured them.Green chili burger wasn't bad, but nothing to write home about.  Oh, and be forewarned - the menu may show the toppings but fail to also state that EVERY burger comes with tomato, lettuce, and mayo.  I had to get a second bottom bun to get rid of the nastiness of mayo.Friends ordered a Jack Arnold Palmer.  Don't bother.  The Jack Daniels was a short shot on the bottom of an Arnold Palmer, not mixed, and doesn't mix in well.Friends also ordered the cheese fries.  Be forewarned: there may be shredded cheddar on top, but it's a velveta like sauce under it.  Didn't taste great.Long and short, you're on the strip.  There's better food.  There are definitely better burgers in Vegas (usually off strip, burgers are kinda the food around here for some reason.)  Don't bother with this place.
4	Food was great, service was okay. Veggie burger was amazing as well as the atomic fries. Took about 10 minutes to be seated and about 15 for the food. Love this place. Would definitely go back.
5	Amazing nacho fries! Intelligensia coffee. Awesome, friendly servers. And big juicy burgers. This place is soo good! My friends and I had a great time here. The wait was short and the food was fantastic. We will definitely come back the next time we go to Vegas.
2	It was Thursday during Thanksgiving day and my cousins and I were looking for food. After calling a dozen restaurants in Las Vegas we finally found this place which was open till midnight, thankfully. We arrived at 8pm with a party of 3 and we were seated immediately.Our server was terrible to put it politely. Took her ~8mins to come introduce herself to our table. Also we had to steal utensils from the table across from us because she only brought enough for two people. Not sure if she was just having a bad day but she came across as very uninterested, hurried, and unhospitable. I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Burger and it was served on a small appetizer plate. The burger had an artificial taste to it, the breaking on the patty was also very soggy halfway through the burger. Also what disappointed me the most was the bread! My burger was so soggy that the bottom half of my bun was thinner than a pancake, literally.I argued with my cousins for about 5 minutes complaining how I didn't get a bottom bun to my burger, but sure enough once I began eating it was under all of the excess ingredients in my plate. My cousins thought it was a tomato at first, lol. (See picture for my pancake bun) Overall, I would give this place 2 stars. Service: 2/5, Food Quality: 2/5, Atmosphere: 3/5Tip: Probably the cheapest meal on the strip you will find... 3 of us ordered burgers and the tab was $35.
5	I arranged a work dinner at StripBurger for 30 people and it exceeded everyone's expectations. The service was so nice and worked extremely hard to help the whole group.The food was outstanding. Big, juicy burgers plus onion rings and fries and guacamole made the perfect meal. Everyone was happy, it was a fun and relaxing atmosphere that allowed everyone to relax and have fun. The best part - it was really cheap even including alcohol! Group menus tend to be pricy and have high minimums but StripBurger was the best place to deal with and perfect for a large group! I will be back!!
5	Love. This. Place.I came here with my boyfriend during our Vegas trip because we has a $25 restaurant.com certificate for this place. We were seated immediately, and our waitress was with us within 10 seconds. She got us water and let us browse the menu for a bit. When she came back, we ordered the guac and chips, blue cheese burger, and the Mexican burger. I asked her what was a sweet and not too strong drink and she recommended the "ticke me pink" which I agreed to. My drink came out in about 2 minutes or so in a mason jar which I thought was pretty cute. It was also really good. The chips and guac came out first and was amazing, but also super filling. We decided not to eat all of it so we could finish our burgers. Our burgers arrived. Mine was the Mexican burger, my boyfriend had the bleu cheese burger. Both were really good, we finished it all. Our waitress kept checking on us and refilling out water during our time there, and was always really positive and smiley when she came to us so it was a good experience. Our total bill came out to almost $50, but with the coupon we only wound up paying $23 or so.Great food, great service. I'm coming back again the next time I visit Vegas.
4	We visited last weekend and were pleasantly surprised. We had the trio of fries, pickles and onion rings which were tasty.The burgers were done just right and were flavorful.The best part were the milkshakes with a shot of flavored vodka.  YUM! We had been to BJ's the night before where we had a bad experience, so we were very pleased when we finished our meal at Stripburger and the price wasn't that bad.  We will come again the next time we are at Fashion Show.
5	I love this place! We signed up for their diner card and they don't send you excessive emails, instead I get a text message for free fries/onion rings about once a month. I also got a $15 gift certificate for my birthday. I highly recommend getting one. Our bartender, Amy, is awesome. I feel like everyone we go we see her. She tells us about upcoming specials and even though she is always swamped with serving people, she is freaking fast! I'm never waiting for a refill and our food order is always right. I just love the outdoor environment and great service from both Amy and the food staff.
4	Great burgers, okay fries, good service.
3	Meh mojitos, but very decent burgers. The place has a nice atmosphere for just hanging out for a while and was a nice break from the overly loud strip atmosphere.
5	I was in town for a trade show and met up with some friends who are regulars here. So glad we decided to join them because I was pretty impressed. I'm huge on good customer service, this place was great. We chatted with one of the managers (Mark I believe...I'm awful with names) and he was so knowledgable...everything he recommended was great.  We enjoyed the patio and people-watching on the strip, even though it was chilly outside, we didn't mind  because the heaters cranked out some serious heat. We started off with some triple sampler where we had garlic fries, onion strings and pickle fries. I was skeptic about the pickle fries, but dang they were good! We also has the bleu cheese burger. Super juicy and very filling...the onion strings were my favorite part. For drinks, we got a cocktail that was lemonade something...it's one of their signature drinks and it's indicated on the menu as one of their favorites. Will definitely be back on a future visit to Vegas! Thank you, Strip Burger!
3	The food was excellent but the service was poor. Our waitress was no where to be found. I hope they fix that soon. But again the food was great absolutely loved the food.
3	Nice variety of burgers offered here. I had trouble deciding, but I finally landed on the blue cheese burger. Along with blue cheese, this burger was topped with fried onion straws. The toppings were generous, but I've had better blue cheese- the flavor just wasn't there. The burger was cooked perfectly to my liking, but it's not a very large burger so I left hungry. For the price, I feel like fries should have been included, however, those start at around $4 for a side. But then again, this is on the strip, so everything tends to be overpriced. I'm willing to give this place another shot if I'm in the area, but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
5	I tried the burger sampler and it's a great way to try 3 burgers on the menu. I Loved the burgers and the service. Great place to get your burger fix.
5	This is my second visit here. The service has been great. The food has been excellent. The last time I was here I had the sampler burger which 3 burgers are served ( blue cheese burger, Jack Daniels burger, and a cheddar cheese burger) all three were great and my favorite sweet potato fries yummmmm! Today I'm trying the Tuna Burger.
5	This is my favorit place to eat for under 20 bucks on the strip. Before I lived in Vegas I came here for vaca and stayed at the Trump. I ended up eating here like 5 times over the course of 6 or 7 days. If I am not going to ball it up at a michelin star place, its pretty tough to beat strip burger. It has a great location- right outside Fashion Show on the corner with the Wynn- good for people watching and sitting outside. A few notes on the foodSweet potato fries- amazing. They come dusted with a large grain sugar which is good in and of itself, but they also come with FRY SAUCE. For those of you who don't know, fry sauce is a mixture of BBQ sauce and manaise (or aoli) and is delicious. The fry sauce at SB is 10/10 and on the sweet potato fries is incredible. Other than the SP fries at Burgr (that come with a can of vanilla powdered sugar) there is nothing even close in Vegas that can compete with SB.The Shakes- are VERY thick like a shake could be. Very good. But here is the little detail that pushes them over the edge into super amazing- I always get oreo shakes and at SB they give you a straw that is about 3x as wide as a regular straw so it never clogs with cookie pieces/you can just suck them right up. I have since seen this other places but when I first went to SB 8 years ago I was super impressed with this obviously simple innovation.Guac- is very good. I assume it comes from El Segundo Sol (the mexican restaurant right next to SB that is owned by the same group but SUUUUUUCKS) and it is very good. Chicken wings- these are often on special as an appetizer and are very good for a non dedicated wing place. The BurgersI generally get the southwest burger as my go to- it is awesome. The meat is always cooked right- never over cooked.  Other burgers I have enjoyed are the occasional "little kid" burger they have on special- it comes with like velveeta cheese on top etc. as you used to eat as a kid. The blue cheese burger is also pretty good. The Tuna burger has been a favorite of people I have been there with if you aren't into beef.
5	Ate here during our trip at the advice from a friend, ahhhhh yum!!!! Tasted so fresh and the prices were reasonable too. Garlic fries=amazing!
2	This was my second trip to Strip Burger. Burgers are really nothing to write home about. Probably the worst chili cheese fries I've ever had. Milk shakes are really good. We brought our toddler and the high chair they brought to the table was filthy.Last trip for us
5	Now my favorite place to eat on the strip. It's far down enough so you're away from some of the chaos, but still easy enough to walk to. Stripburger is a smoke free environment which is a nice change from the smoky atmosphere of the strip. This place gets bonus points for having a great veggie burger. My wife is a vegetarian and is pretty picky when it comes to eating restaurant veggie burgers. I have never seen her clean her plate so fast! She stated it was the best burger she's had. The portions are huge, which brings me to the fries. We each ordered our own and couldn't finish them because one is enough to feed two people. These fries are not your typical fries. I could've eaten those alone and been happy. They are definitely gourmet. We ordered the sweet potato fries and the garlic and herb... Oh my goodness!!! My mouth is watering just thinking about them. I hate to say it but the meal I had here was better then the one I had at "Burgr" the next day. Let me not forget to mention their delicious thick shakes because you want to leave room for those! We had a great experience here! Very friendly and patient staff, and out of this world food! This will be a regular stop for us from now on.
1	NOTE: I HAD TO GIVE IT 1 STAR BECAUSE IT WOULDN'T POST OTHERWISE... IT DOESN'T EVEN DESERVE THAT MUCH...WORDS CAN'T DESCRIBE HOW I FEEL RIGHT NOW... BUT I SURE AS HELL GOING TO TRY....Tonight we decided to have a family outing of shopping and dinner at Fashion Show Mall, however, what started out as a great time quickly turned into an amazingly bad experience thanks of course to the HORRIFYINGLY BAD service at Strip Burger.First off, it took your hostess 15 minutes to have us seated at a table, BUT THERE WERE EMPTY TABLES EVERYWHERE WE LOOKED!!!  It took her so long to come back to us that we contemplated on just getting a To-Go order, BUT (TO NO) SURPRISE, THERE WASN'T ANYONE THERE TO EVEN HELP US PUT IN AN ORDER!.Luckily (or not), this "hostess" finally finds a table (again.... EMPTY TABLES EVERYWHERE) for us to sit in and a server takes our order.  Now, I ordered the new Velveeta Burger which had a simple ingredients - Burger with Velveeta with onion strings and Russian dressing.  Simple enough right?  But I got what looked like a regular burger with Russian dressing - NO ONION STRINGS.  NOW.... before you say I overreacted and should have just sent it back.... I say, "I WOULD HAVE SENT IT BACK HAD THEY ACTUALLY COME BACK TO CHECK IF EVERYTHING.... OR ANYTHING WAS OKAY!"... but she never came back... not for anything.. not even to check to see if we needed a napkin...Mind you, I was trying to be calm about this (pardon my language) whole fucking situation, but what sent me over the edge was that, my family had finished their dinner (I was just too pissed to eat) and we waited patiently for our server to come back because we wanted to place an order to-go for my little brother that was studying at home for his midterms.... we waited.......and waited.... and waited.... AND WAITED.... until I had enough and had to go hunt her ass down to tell her I wanted to place a to-go order and the check!AND THEN WE WAITED.... only to be sent a different server to take our order (MAYBE OUR ORIGINAL WAITRESS WAS SCARED -- AND WITH GOOD REASON!)I have never had an issue with this place before.... in fact, I loved coming here with friends and our past experiences here had been awesome... But truth be told, I'm just over it now -- I don't think I will be coming back here any time soon.... or bringing people here to dine any time soon....Your service at Strip Burger was impeccably bad that I would have rather gone through a Burger King drive-thru .... At least I would have gotten my food as well as my check in a timely and less frustrating manner than what your SORRY EXCUSE for a wait-staff you had tonight had given us!  If I ever do come back here, I will definitely make sure that I come when your A-squad is working and not your D-squad... although, why should I take the chance again?  It was truly insufferable.I do hope you enjoyed the note that I wrote at the bottom of the check.  PLEASE.... DO reflect on that message.... and YES... I did spell out the gratuity for you in perfect English -- Z-E-R-O.
2	First of all, the location of the restaurant is at the north tip of the Fashion Show Mall.  What exactly is the Fashion Show Mall?  It is a bunch of chain stores and tacky shops thrown together in a flying saucer looking building.  Nothing about the place says Fashion, Show, or Mall.But anyway...Stripburger.  Right across from Wynn...or Encore...whichever one that is.  Sit outside and you can see Trump Casino in the distance.  Horrible service but the food was decent.  It is relatively cheap.  Good news is usually the service is so horrific that you will not feel bad about not leaving a tip.  So...cheap food and no tip should be in your budget. Here is a tip though...it is not a good place to get drunk because it is at a major intersection.  If you get hit there will be nothing but a blood and margarita mixed smear on the ground with an imprint of Penn & Teller advertising.
5	The fiance and I were looking to find a simple place to eat and man, this hit the spot big time.We sat at the bar and Rebecca was our server/bartender. Needless to say she was amazing, polite, and genuinely cared about our experience. We never had an empty glass and she did not pressure us to order alcohol either. We ordered two shakes (fudge chocolate, amazing), a side of sweet potato fries (solid, tangy fry sauce and sugar), and two burgers. I had the green chili burger and my SO had the whiskey bbq. They were both pretty tasty and you could taste the meat without all the toppings overpowering it. The food came out very quickly and the whole experience was wonderful. The hosts/bussers/servers/food runners were all smiley and welcoming, which honestly does a whole lot more than you'd expect.Next time we come by, we'll make it a night time dinner to people watch and enjoy the atmosphere. So for two burgers, two shakes, and fries, our total was slightly north of $40, and we still tipped 25% because Rebecca was just awesome.
4	If you have a gluten issue they cater to your needs. Friendly staff.
5	By far the best place to eat. They have amazing hamburgers. I wish we would have ate here for dinner!!! Best of all it's cheap. A must stop when visiting Vegas. Gluten free buns are just as good as regular buns. Not hard or un tasteful at all.
3	From all the hype I heard about this place, it didn't really like up to my expectations.  Though I did only order the lunch special so I guess I couldn't expect much.  What I had was a pretty good burger, but nothing to rave about.  Service was great and timely, but other than that it seemed pretty average
3	If you're on the strip and want a good burger, this is the place to go. It's in a convenient location and it doesn't take too long to be seated and get food. The burgers were really good, but nothing particularly special about them.
3	Pros: Open air seating (when the weather permits)Good foodCons:Menu says no pipe or cigar smoke but I guess cigarettes and e-cigs are ok. ServiceWe had ahi tuna burgers and "the threesome" (pickle fries, onion strings, and garlic fries.) Food was delicious but service was long on drinks. Our waitress was also a bit forgetful of our requests for condiments. Given an extra star from 2 because they put our drink order on the house because it took so long,  the manager came to talk to us, and free chocolate cake for my friend's birthday.  I'd give them an extra chance because burger was good and waitress must be new.
3	Burgers are good but most of the wait staff leave something to be desired. Be prepared to wait. Made from scratch sauces are very good.
4	This place is pretty affordable and not bad at all!Ambiance: Fun! Hip! Open-doorsFood: HEART-ATTACK! The best part of this place are their shakes!!! They can make it alcoholic free or not! Crowd: All-ages but during my time there, saw tons of men and had a young-crowd going.Overall: They do need several people working at the bar. Felt like my service was too slow. They were nice, just TOO slow.
4	My friends and I came here to grab a quick dinner before a show.  The Stripburger was located in the Fashion Show Mall, and we had an outside seating on the patio.  They offer different types of burgers, shakes, fries, cocktails, beers, salads, chili, as well as appetizers.  They are even able to host special events, BBQs, and any get-togethers on the patio.  I had the Bacon & Cheddar Burger that came with thick-cut smoked bacon - the patty itself was very juicy, had a great amount of fried onions, and the cheese and the bacon made it nice and cheesy and crispy.  I actually thought it was pretty tasty for one of those 'gourmet' type of burger joint.  The side of atomic cheese fries (cheese and chili) was good, but I think I preferred it to be just regular fries as the chili and the cheese could be overwhelming.  Service was efficient and there were many people dining in!
4	I had the blue cheese burger and it was awesome! We also had some of the garlic fries and they were delicious as well. It's a cool little outdoor spot but it wasn't even that busy and service was so slow!!
4	I went here specifically because it came up on a gluten free search. The food was ok but the service and oprn air seating were two great perks.  The manager went above and beyond to ensure my burger, bun & fries were gluten free (even in a separate fryer). Highly recommend for the gfree people out there!!
5	What a great place this is! It only took me four days of eating in different casinos and other places off the strip that we finally found a great place to eat. Plus as a bonus it did not cost us fortune like it did when we ate at the other places. The burgers are the bomb, and I got my garlic fries which were yummy. Sitting outside was nice especially since the weather was nice. Didn't realize until later that they had dinning inside as well which is good to know for our future visit. This will indeed be a favorite stop for us to eat whenever we visit Vegas again. As a nice bonus we had great service with Chris who was very familiar with the menu and suggestion. Plus we even had the honor to meet and talk with the VP and partner Ross who checked to see if everything was okay and that we were happy with our food and service. Now that's what I call A Great Place to Eat!!
4	I had the cheeseburger with blue cheese, and Yum!!  Burger is juicy, and no skimping on cheese.   We also had the pickle chips, which were okay..the pickle to batter ratio wasn't as good as I like,  a thicker pickle chip would solve that.   My husband had a chocolate banana shake.  It was served with a extra large straw, and tasted great.   I like the open air seating.  All In all,  glad we stopped in.
1	Here's another one that if I could give no stars I would.  Let's start with the fact that this restaurant is with a very good restaurant group which includes El Segundo Sol and Mon Ami Gabi.  And this used to be a good restaurant. But let's talk about today when I went there and I had to wait and wait and wait and wait while everybody ignored us.  Suddenly when I got up to leave somebody finally came by and greeted the table we decided to stay even though we were getting up to leave.  We ordered our drinks and food at the same time because see above where I had waited so long to get service.  The waiter assured us that our order would be out quickly because we had to wait so long. Well they must've known what I was going to order because everything came out fast yes but cold. I'm talking cold not lukewarm cold.  Have you ever had an ice cold fried pickle? They're disgusting.  But the waiter wouldn't know that because he never came back to check on us.  Someone in this restaurant group better take notice of this restaurant because it is dragging them down.  Whatever you do don't go here if you're local. Leave it for the tourists who don't know any better.
5	Great burger, big thick shakes and right at the edge of the mall.
1	Well guys the managing partner of this place took the time to track me down. He wanted to know a lot about my bad experience and has invited me to come back. So I will update you guys and let you know if this place is able to redeem itself.
5	I tried this place while at a conference at the Wynn across and the street and boy I'm glad I did.  The service was great and my buffalo chicken sandwich was delicious.  I don't remember the name but I ordered a drink made with Whiskey and ginger ale on their specialty drink menu and it was fantastic.  Not too sweet like a margarita which is the way I like it.
4	This was my second time eating here and we all really enjoyed it.  The service was wonderful and the food arrived hot and tasty.  The only con I have is that the whisky burger needed more bbq and the garlic herb fries were too oily which gave me a stomach ache.  The jalapeno popper burger was good also.
3	After a long time I visited there.. I am finally writing a review..I am a burger fan, any kinds of burger makes me happy.. McDonald, KFC, The Counter, Cheesecake Factory.... all burgers are sooo good that ... when I bit into the burger I ordered here, I was very disappointed that it tasted like salt all over my mouth.Our waiter recommended this burger to me, so I ordered this one instead of my original choice on the menu. He said this burger he recommends only costs $1 more, but gives me more mushroom.. Okay, so the result is what I just described. My bf was trying to be very nice to them and ordered another one for me, and we ended up paying for the crappy one they recommended to us as well. And yes, the second one we ordered was fine. So I am giving them a three star instead of two or one. TIP - don't listen to the worker's recommendation. Just order the ones on the menu. You will get regular taste burgers.
5	Wow!  A place on the Strip that doesn't charge an arm and a leg!  All the seating is outdoors right on the Strip.  Great for people watching.  We were actually able to smoke!  Can't remember the last time that happened.  Now, on to the food portion of the review.  The burgers were 7 oz, great, and about 10 bucks.  Nice assortment.  My husband and I split the BBQ burger with a side of fries.  We did not leave hungry!  Z, our waiter, was cute as a bug and exercised the perfect balance of being there when you needed something, but did not hover!  Something I really hate.  We spent about 2 hours there, just relaxing, munching and enjoying the outdoors.  I work right around the corner so I will be returning a lot!
5	Stripburger is my go-to place whenever I'm in Vegas.  The burgers are great.  The beer prices are decent.  There is a free view of the Wynn.  It's all outdoors with heat lamps for the winter and misters in the summer.  Not much beats drinking beer outdoors in Vegas.  And the bartenders and servers are all wicked nice.  And I can do this all while the girlfriend shops in the mall before she joins me...win-win!The only complaint that I have about Stripburger is the tv's.  The don't have an HD signal, and they never turn the sound on for games because they play music over the speakers instead.
2	Went here for dinner after catching the Le Reve show at the nearby Wynn hotel.  The menu looked promising.  Overall, the burger were decent, though the kitchen was rather sparse on the condiments.  The milkshake I had with my meal was really good.However, I can't recommend this place as the service is simply awful.  We saw our waitress twice - once when she took our order and finally a long time later when we paid.  Someone else delivered our drinks and our food.  The server never came back to see how our food turned out or needed more to drink.  She was rarely out in the dining area, and when she was, she was taking an order from what had to be more than a dozen tables she appeared to be working.  I finally had to flag her down long after we had finished eating to get the bill.  I don't know when she would have gotten around to checking on us if I hadn't.  Never a word of explanation, so I have to assume this was a normal night.Overall, while the food was decent and the location was nice, this place just isn't worth the hassle.  Prices are about what you would expect for the Vegas Strip - not as high as a hotel based restaurant, but much more expensive than outside of Vegas.
4	Outdoors, cold beer, good burgers, good people watching, Love this place for the open air and friendly staff. Avoid if it is too hot and no breeze. Or too cold. Burgers are good and happy hour beer is cold.
4	Came here for lunch while on a business trip. I ordered the green chile burger which was great, not spicy at all. I also ordered the garlic fries. Huge portion and a lot of garlic so get ready... But delicious!  Beer prices were very reasonable as well. Overall great place for decent prices and great food..
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.  The location is great, across from the Wynn, right on the strip, great for people watching. I've tried many different items on their menu and everything is delicious. My personal favorites are the fried pickles, buffalo chicken sandwich, and sweet potato fries. Their shakes are the best, I recommend strawberry banana, and you can add alcohol & still tastes great. The outdoor seating is great for a nice lunch in the sun or some evening drinks when the sun is going down.
5	Went to Stripburger on a whim and was not disappointed!  From start to finish everything tasted great and it was one of the more reasonable priced places that we ate at all week. The southwest burger, nacho burger, nacho fries(which we got free from texting their # a day earlier), pickle fries, and butterscotch shake were all wonderful. I would recommend anyone give them a try. I would definitely return.
4	The Mexican burger was great. Would recommend it to anyone that loves to try something different. Hands down it was a great burger!
4	Stripburger has eternally etched its place into the marbled granite of my mind as the catalyst for one of the most memorable/surreal/fun nights of my life. AKA the quintessential Vegas night/experience/story/whatever. As a caveat, whenever I tell people about stripburger they always give me a kind of confused look. I mean, it being Vegas and all, anything goes, right? So I'm assuming that they're assuming that Stripburger is probably a strip club where you can get burgers? That sounds kind of amusing, but I don't know how I'd really feel about enjoying a nice meaty burger while simultaneously enjoying nice meaty stripper buns in my face or what have you. Cool concept though, so I'll put that on my to-do list when I have a gondola load of money. Anyway, the strip in stripburger refers to the fact that it's on the Strip. Though, there is a stripper/strip club story in this story, I may not go into detail about it because this is yelp and y'all could be my grandmothers or my grocery bagger or something. So the gist of the story is that I came out to Vegas for training for a week. One of my coworkers is also in town though it's for a different training seminar. On this particular day though, I couldn't find him so I'm basically moderately alone in Vegas (though one can argue you're never alone in Vegas or you're ALWAYS alone in Vegas) and I don't know enough about Vegas to know where to go/what to do. I ain't a gambler and I usually just follow my friends around like a sheep. There are other facets of sin that I can get into, but again, you're probably my rabbi.I wander for an hour up and down the strip and I end up at stripburger even though it's about 7 minutes away from my Hotel (this was based on the recommendation of my shuttle driver btw). So I come figuring I'll sit at the bar, eat a burger, drink a White Russian and relax in Vegas. The bartender girl was very nice. The drinks she gave me were pretty cheap and she was somewhat talkative. I ordered chili cheese fries and some sort of burger with bacon. I actually don't even remember what it was right now and it was only a little over two weeks ago! Everything was good, especially since it was on the Company. Long story short after maybe sitting for 15 minutes, 2 dudes around my age sit next to me and I strike up a conversation with them. End up going out on the town with them and it leads to a very surreal night. S'all I can really say. So shouts out to them I suppose and of course, to Vegas.
5	This, by far, is THE best burger in town!  Add some of their onion strings and you have a winner!  My favorite is the BBQ Jack burger and I always add bacon.  The place is all covered outdoor seating right across from the Wynn and at the end of the mall on the strip.Tip: park on the back side of the mall by Trump Towers and take a nice stroll through the mall to get there - it's fun!Whenever you're walking the strip and need a boost, give it a shot!
5	Great food and great service! Our entire party of six thought our variety of burgers were excellent. One of our party wasn't feeling well and wanted to stay at the hotel but we wanted non hotel food so we did a pickup order. When we got back to our hotel we realized we were missing the burger for the one not feeling well. Called the restaurant and talked with the manager named Mark how dealt with it immediately. He apologized profusely and had one made up for me to pickup as soon as I could return. He also threw in another order of fries, and two shakes for free just for our trouble.
4	Great burger ! We were staying at Treasure Island and made the short walk over to fashion island mall to have a burger here. Love the outdoor seating that let you people watch while you eat and have a beer.I had the Southwest burger. Was very juicy with a nice kick from the chipotle mayo.The patty was cooked to a perfect medium upon request.All the usual suspects were there and fresh....lettuce,toms,onions,etc. The bun was very soft and fresh as well but not toasted which is a peeve of mine.If you don't eat it rather fast it will get soggy like my wife's did cause she took her time with it but I tore mine up quick so no biggie!The onion string fries were killer...sliced very thin and fried perfectly ...not greezy at all! Definitely worth checking out if your on that end of the strip or at fashion island mall.
5	Had a fantastic time at Strip Burger!! The Roquefort Hamburger is a winner!! My sis-in-law had the special Hawaiian Burger (She said it was the tastiest burger she has ever had.  We paired our dinner with sweet potato fries, fried pickles and garlic fries.  Can a dining experience get any better?? Yes!! The IPA beer that we shared was a perfect complement. We will be back!!
5	After watching best burgers on Food Paradise, Stripburgers famous blue cheese burger met my expectations.  Well crafted and great service.
5	I have come to know this place fairly intimately.  Comfort food like no other.   The blue cheese cheeseburger is the best burger in town, hands down.  I was never a fan of blue cheese until I tried this burger.  I'm telling you it is a must try.  After about my 10th burger I learned they use grass fed beef.  How 'bout that?  So now I take all my friends here when they come into town.  If they take my advice and order the blue cheese cheeseburger, they leave never looking at burgers the same way.  If you go during December or January they have $1 "you call it" drinks at the bar.   Ridiculous pre-game where even bums can buy rounds.  Amy tends bar like no other.  She greets you, learns your name and introduces you to others; she brings people together.   She is a huge reason that I appreciate this gem of an establishment.  She made me feel welcome from day one, later I discovered the blue cheese cheeseburger, but with such service I would frequent the place anyway.  All I can say is thank you Amy.
5	I had the old school burger which was ok. The fries are big enough to share between two people. I also had the chocolate jack Daniel shake which was a little pricey but it has spirits in it so what would expect .
5	Right on point.great variety of burgers to choose from.looked at the menu for about 10 min.chose the cheddar and bacon burger,tasted great.also had the vanilla vodka shake also tasted excellent along with the garlic herb fries.
5	This place has become a fixture for me on Vegas trips.Awesome shakes, pretty good burgers, and amazing Nacho's combined with outdoor seating (with mist/fans to keep you cool).Also, its in the Fashion Show Mall, which makes for a gret way to walk off a huge meal.
3	The burgers were fine. The service was attentive. The price was OK. Unfortunately, the smells from the street came into the restaurant.  Out of their control and if you eat in an outdoor restaurant on the strip you assume the consequences.
5	I've come by here each year I'm in Vegas. Never did I quite figure out wheelchair access to this place. Finally, I did. Someone ran down the stairs and explained it to me. Still, its a PITA and in my opinion, unacceptable. But anyway, you go through the restaurant that's to the left of RA Sushi.I Googled BEST BURGERS ON LAS VEGAS STRIP. This place came up. FOR THE PRICE, this place beat the competition. FOR THE TASTE, I prefer BLT BURGER at the Mirage. I've had the BURGER BAR at MANDALAY PLACE but for some reason this year, wasn't as good. That said, StripBurger comes in second.  THE SERVICE isn't bad. Let's just say that you get what you pay for in that regard. Will I be back? Of course. I still need to check out HOLSTEIN'S at the COSMOPOLITAN.
3	The burger and fries I had were good..and this review may have been better, if not for a few things. First of all, the restaurant was quite dirty - including our table. :( We were happy that they actually had Coke here (not Pepsi), BUT when we got our drinks they were so flat!! No fizz at all. Sadness. Otherwise, a good burger.
2	As you will most likely read in the majority of posts about this establishment, no issues on taste whatsoever, PRICE and PORTIONS however, not so much. For 11, 12 bucks you get a tasty, but PUNY little burger and NO FRIES! Needless to say, not the best place to go if you're hungry and on a budget.
5	I will write in order of importance to me.Service:  Impeccable.  Waiter was attentive yet not pushy, knew the menu, and had great recommendations.Food:  Delicious.  Both burgers cooked perfectly, fries were on point and the shakes (with alcohol) were very good!  Cant taste the vodka so be careful!Ambiance:  The misters kept the patio nice and cool.  Had a great vibe and great view of the strip.  I will recommend to everyone that goes to Las Vegas!
5	We waited over two years to amass enough visiting family members together to use a $50 off Restaurant.com coupon that required a minimum order of $100, which Diane didn't notice at the time she bought the coupon.  Finally we had a suitable group assembled to take advantage of the discount.  And, an awesome dinner we all had!All components of a Threesome appetizer of Onion Strings, Fries, and Pickle Fries, along with crunchy battered Onion Rings and Cheddar Fries slathered with Cheddar Cheese sauce, were delicious, for a very fine start.  Then my Bacon & Cheddar Burger arrived medium rare as ordered, with about a 1/3 pound beef patty, suitably light on mayo but heavy on yummy melted cheese, and with fresh lettuce and tomato.  Around the table other diners in our group enjoyed a prepared to order Mushroom & Cheddar Burger and a Whiskey BBQ Burger.  By special request Diane received a now off the menu decadent Hot Fudge Shake, while others praised their dessert-like Cookies & Cream Shake.   We were comfortably seated at the only round six-seat table on the patio, and service was brisk and friendly.  It was a five-star burger experience!
5	After eating here several times. I can have a burger elsewhere. The bacon and cheddar,and  whiskey burger are my favorite. The bartender really knows the mixes. Good food and good drinks.
3	Good flavor. Good location at one end of the strip and jutting just out into the main walkway. A little pricey but worth it for the area. Service was so so but I only was there once. Can't judge service on only one attempt. Portion was good size. Would've liked if they added sides, instead you must buy them extra. But the sides to buy are pretty good. Decent variety in choices.  Not the best burger place but not the worst either.
5	I am a local Las Vegas resident, and the thought of heading to the "Strip" to eat usually means EXPENSIVE ($$$$)......but StripBurger is not over-the-top expensive for their location......in fact, dare I say reasonable? The burgers are awesome! I have eaten here many, many times and everytime has been a winner. The pickle fries are just excellent. Drinks are great. The view is excellent.....right outside Fashion Show Mall and you can see the WYNN Hotel/Casino. Honestly, this place is a 10/10.
4	I went here for a late night bite. Was seated immediately. It's a pretty loud outdoor seating area on the corner of the strip so be prepared to talk loudly to the rest of your party. My server Nathan was very attentive and friendly. He suggested a new menu item and described it thoroughly. Sounded delicious but included stuff I don't include in my diet so I ordered off the menu. I have to say it was a pretty darn good burger. I ordered a turkey mushroom cheddar burger with a side of garlic fries. Yummy! The turkey burger was very tasty, not dried out like it can be if over cooked, and flavorful. I was impressed with the butter grilled bun and hefty slice of melted cheddar cheese.The garlic fries were awesome. Freshly cooked to order. They use fresh minced garlic and parsley. I like my fries a bit more salty but these were great.Overall a great lil burger joint. I little on the loud side regarding atmosphere but still a fun place to eat. Check it out
4	The food is slow to come out but salad and fries are decent while the quality of the beef is outstanding. Good flavors and textures on the burgers and the bun doesn't fall apart too easily, even with a rare patty. Good for hangovers.
2	Went here by a recommendation by one of the stores inside the mall, also gave us 25% off our bill. SOLD!Loved the location since it was right on the corner and on the Las Vegas Strip. Service was great, attentive, understanding, and talkative. The food though is less then par for a las vegas strip spot. Ordered there FAMOUS bleu cheese burger, chili dog, and an order of garlic fries. We ordered the burger in med-rare  (onion strings on the side). Bread came out very soggy. We asked the waiter if we could get a new bun. They gave us the same burger on a new bun. burger was more of a medium-well to say the least.The Chilli Dog was cold, skin was wrinkled and cold. Didn't have a snap or anything. chili was bland to say the least. its really was terrible eating experience
4	Lettuce Entertain You sent me some coupons for 5 of their restaurants in town and Stripburger was the last of them that I had never been to.  Today, I stopped in for lunch/dinner.I opted to sit at the bar and chat with Rebecca, the bar keep and my server.  She got me an iced tea while I looked at the menu.  Good server, very pleasant woman!I had looked at the menu online and was all set to order the burger I had chosen when I did a switch and went with the mini burger sampler.  This consists of three sliders--the blue cheese burger, the whiskey BBQ burger, and the cheddar burger.   I asked for the burgers to be done rare and they were.  That was a bit surprising because of their smaller size.  They cooked them the way they should.  With the burger, I got an order of garlic, herb fries which was large enough to feed me and the two other people at the bar.While waiting, I enjoyed the people watching which is a big draw for this place.  Being on the corner of Las Vegas Boulevard and Fashion Show Drive and with all seating being patio seating, it's a great place if you just want to have a drink and watch the tourists go by.  Of the burger sampler, I liked the blue cheese and the whiskey BBQ the best.  All three were good, but these two were better.  The fries were excellent.  So much garlic, good herb seasoning, and lots of salt on my part and I was set.My iced tea was refilled without asking.  I'd bring my wife here sometime if it wasn't so difficult to get to.  It is outside at the farthest corner of Fashion Show Mall.  Maybe I'll just go back myself.
3	Visited Strip Burger the other day with a group of friends as we eat here everytime we visit Las Vegas. We always have a great time here as the food and atmosphere is perfect!Although our experience the other day had us wanting to leave. We were seated immediately which was great. We sat there for over 25 minutes before our friendly server come over and took our drink/food order, with no apologies. A group of guys sitting near us arrived 15mins after we were seated and he handed them their drinks within minutes. The restaurant was fairly slow. Once the order was in our food came out pretty quickly.We all ordered the slider specials. Great value and delicious!Although, our server never checked on us we had to call him over to order more drinks or sliders. I guess he was having an off day,he was very friendly. I will still be returning as the food and atmosphere is possibly the best on the strip!
4	When we noticed this place, it was winter already - too cold for an outside seating only place. Since then, we have kept a bookmark on this place.Now that summer is ending, it was a perfect timing for an evening bite at Stripburger.We have a lot of great burger joints here so I can't say it's best, but the burgers here were solid.- Blue Cheese Burger- Southwest BurgerAlso, the sweet potato fries were sprinkled with coarse salt, which added unique perspective of sweet and savory.I just have to find another night out before winter comes to the valley.
2	We went last Sunday for my son's 10th birthday since he wanted a burger and we wanted to try a new place. We were seated immediately when we got there (I had called in and made a reservation for 15 people) The adult shakes were ok although when we asked if there was any alcohol in it because we couldn't taste it, all we got was a sarcastic "YEAH". The only reason I gave another star is because I liked the garlic fries and bleu cheeseburger. Service was horrible, we waited for awhile for our food to come out and they forgot my aunt's turkey burger and was told it was going take another 10 mins for them to rush it. We all had pretty much different orders, family members say it's mediocre in taste. The waitress wasn't very attentive throughout the whole meal, didn't refill any of the drinks except once and that was only because a member of our party asked for one. Also I had informed our waitress that I got a text for a free special shake with purchase and she told me she was going to check with her manager but never got back with me on what the answer was. I was excited to try this place but left disappointed. But the kicker was the waitress asking my husband if he wanted his $5 change back after we settled the bill apparently the 18% gratuity wasn't enough for her.
4	Two days after my review I received a call from Marcel asking and apologizing about the incident, which I greatly appreciated. It says a lot that they actually take the time to review patrons feedbacks because after all in a town full of competition, your loyal customers and positive raves can be your biggest allies. So long story short, I accepted his apology and told him we would give it another try.Last night we were back, service improved dramatically. The garlic fries and bleu cheese burger is a must try. Overall we had a much favorable experience this time, except for a few minor glitches and attention to details.
5	Seriously, these guys make one of the best green chile burgers I've eaten, EVER! Stripburger is a Vegas staple for us. You will not be disappointed.  It's outdoor seating which we love with a good view for people-watching on The Strip. There's also a great view of Wynn.  Try their fried dill pickle slices with ranch dressing for dipping!
2	Went here with my girl to get a nice greasy meal before going out and honestly... Both of us didn't finish our meal. The meat on the burger tasted unlike anything I've ever had... In the worst way. The fries were also really weird. Not sure if it is the oil they use to fry the food but it was definitely a no bueno! We both didn't like any of it. Left feeling uneasy and  UNsatisfied. Won't be back
4	I love this place for their happy hour specials and (most) of the staff is pretty awesome and know how to make great drinks
5	This is a great place to eat. We had a party of 4 which included 2 kids. Food was really good and service was fantastic. The manager kept checking on us and the food came out within 15 min of ordering. Will definitely be back.
5	I love this place!!  I currently live in Hawaii and travel to the mainland a lot for work (and for fun).  I always stop in Vegas to break up the trip (horrible flyer) and though I stumbled upon this little gem while staying at the Trump, I now make it a point to stop in even if I am staying at the opposite end of the strip.  Here is why:a) the food is great!  While this isn't a 5 star restaurant inside of a 5 star hotel, it is a burger and shake place that is really really good at what they specialize in!  I think I have tried every burger on the menu and I haven't been disappointed yet.b) the price-  They have a great happy hour--- even still, I am almost always there before it starts and it doesn't even bother me because prices are so reasonable.  And the burgers are huge- you get what you pay forc) location- I actually love that it isn't right smack in the middle of the strip.  It is close enough to be convenient and walking distance regardless of where you are staying, but not as in your face as all those restaurants lined up on the strip with people bombarding you with flyers offering drink specials to lure you in.  There is a lot of hustle and bustle in that area and its nice to be able to get a mini break from that (and its all outside too which is nice).d) service-  this was really the best part for me. As someone that has worked in the industry for years in the past, I am extremely lenient when it comes to sub-par service as I know what it feels like to be on the other side of that especially when it is extremely busy or you are down a server, etc.  I always try to be polite and understanding regardless.  But, on the flip side- bartending/serving in high-volume restaurants for so many years has also allowed me to know an amazing bartender/server when I see one.  And let me tell you, the bartender here is one of the best there is.  I travel solo a lot so really the only people I come in contact with outside of work are those in the service industry.  I try to follow their lead and if they are busy I just focus on my food/drinks and if they are friendly and not slammed, I make a new pseudo friend for a few minutes.  I was extremely impressed with Rebecca (I think that is her name- it is the name on my receipt but sometimes bartenders share registers-- she is the lunch bartender-- I usually go on monday or tuesday when I am in vegas).  She is sweet as pie and sociable but still really aware of her surroundings and attentive; super fast and knows her stuff.  Its not uncommon to find a funny and likeable bartender or an extremely fast and skillful one- but in my experience it is very rare to find someone that is both!  In this industry people often work their butts off and do not always get the recognition they deserve...  so I decided to take a few minutes to make sure that doesn't happen here!  She is by far one of my favorites...and I travel a lot.Overall, I love this place and look forward to going back on my next vegas trip!  Oh, and in case you guys didn't know... you can take alcohol to go and walk down the strip with it!  I discovered this while here and thought it was awesome....and crazy.  So obviously I ordered an alcoholic milkshake to go!  And... I suggest you do the same. stat.
3	Burgers are over rated, staff was not the friendliest or the most welcoming/attentive, but the onion string are the best!!!!!!!! That and the shakes are pretty awesome.
5	We got there right on time for happy hour, YAY! Which is a pretty decent happy hour, beer on tap 2 dlls, which is awesome. The service is quick, attentive, and very helpful. Our waiter was so patient when we didn't know what to decide on, let us know about happy hour, and was just so kind, I had a sour experience before, but now thanks to that waiter, and the great, tasty, juicy burgers I am definitely coming back.My burger was smothered in BBQ sauce, very delicious sauteed onions, and yummy melting cheese. Burgers cooked to perfection, perfect seasoning. Can't wait to come back soon.
5	I was expecting this place to be overpriced and generic for their location on the strip. The burger I got was phenomenal and I even took pictures to send to all my friends back home. The seating was all outdoors, which was strange for me being from a part of the country that has variable weather. I got the dry-aged ribeye burger with Brie and bacon... and I will never forget it. If you are staying at treasure Island or nearby hotels, I highly recommend this place.
2	These burgers are nothing special , definitely not worth your time or money. I only came here because I saw the five star reviews thinking it would be a decent place. I tried the Bison Burger and the Bacon Cheeseburger and trust me when I say its not worth a try. The only great thing about this place are the AWESOME heaters. They keep you nice and warm.The hostess was rude too.
5	After a long day of shopping at the fashion center (that place on the strip with the big UFO), we needed something close and hardy... Anything with a seat that served bread would have done. LUCKILY for us there was a burger joint within walking distance, or rolling distance (it was really that close). Let's get to the chase, the burgers are solid! Beef patty were  well grilled, flavorful and perfectly cooked. Since it was my first time here, I ordered the sliders (3 different mini burgers) and the threesome (pickle fries, fries, and thin onion thingies). Pickle fries are awesome like most yelpers stated, fries are fries, but I didn't care too much for the thin deep fried onions. If you like spicy dips, get the "chewey" dip. Not sure what's in there but it has a sharp punch that leaves you wanting water asap.  Those who can't handle spicy foods need not to try.Highly recommended if you feel like a good affordable Vegas burger. My wife says, and I quote "... I think this is the best burger I've ever had!"
5	Loved this place. Classic burger was awesome real beef non of that nasty stuff, the buns were soft and warm didn't overpower the burger ( actually tasted the meat and ingredients not just the bun). Sweet potato fries were the best specially with the bbq sauce they give you!! Milk shakes were also delicious highly recommend this place.
4	I sat at the bar as you enter, sort of half outdoors/indoors, turned out to be fine.  Service was from the bartender and she was great, did not catch her name.  I ordered the Bison burger which comes with a creamy french cheese, I don't recall the name but it was a good match with the Bison.  I ordered medium rare, it came out more medium but still had a little pink and was not dry so I went with it.  Fries were really good and more than enough.  I think I would have preferred a slightly more upscale lettuce than iceberg on the burger but that is probably picking at nits and certainly will not keep me from going back!  Another very decent burger place in LV!
5	This burger restaurant is literally right outside the Fashion Show Mall. The day we went the weather was cold, around 55 degrees with a brisk wind. You actually sit outside with a roof over your head and some tarp like windows. They kept it pretty warm with the portable propane heaters that they had between the tables. The burgers were excellent! Fries were good. All the food we got was extremely tasty. Service was very good and efficient. No complaints at all. If you want a great burger at a fairly reasonable cost then this place is worth a try. I will go back again next time.
4	Came here for a quick snack. Friendly and quick service. Surprisingly, this place has a really good burger. Ordered a bacon cheddar burger that was perfect. Will order other things in the future.
4	I ordered the southwest burger and it was very good. It had a bit of a buttery, spicy flavor to it. I ordered the side of garlic herb fries. First off, we didn't need the appetizer, that's how many fries they bring. The burgers are huge as it is. But they basically brought me a medium sized mixing bowl of fries. That being said, they're very good  and very garlicky. My bf got the gourmet bison burger. He said it was even better than the burger at BurGR. We got the onion rings as an appetizer, and like I said we really didn't need it. They were also very good though. Extremely crunchy on the outside and did NOT  get that slimey onion on the inside thing going on. honestly, just to die for. They have more options as far as burgers compared to Ramsey's. And the taste is on par if not better. However, it took for frickin ever to get our food. Don't know if that is normal or not. But honestly. Worth the wait
4	This place has really great burger. It probably not at a good location so not many people have tried. Definitely try their famous blue cheese burger its super big so u probably don't need fries on the side.In term of service, the server is super friendly and try to explain about their menu and special. The hostess is not that friendly so 1 star off ;)
4	This place is great. I really like the food and drinks. I don't know if he's still there but we had a great bartender. We were staying across the strip at Wynn and much preferred coming here for food. Will be back next time in Vegas!
5	Had a great time with my husband. Our server was great and sold us on the specials, which were delicious, brisket burger and these sweet and spicy wings. When she told us that is was $1 drinks for anything we had to get some. Haha I actually ordered the chocolate jack daniel's milkshake. Soooooo good! I had to get one to-go. Even though it was freezing outside they had heaters on and I got so warm I had to take my coat off. Don't pass up this place.
4	Good burgers, not the best, but good value for money. Plus, it has free wifi and you can smoke. I'd come back any time.
4	Can here for lunch ~12 on Dec 27th. It was adequately warm out and we were pleased to find the heaters were on. There was no hostess at the front of the restaurant when we arrived, but two servers passed us and outlined they would send her right over. We were quickly seated near the bar and while the location looks small, they have several tiers of seating areas.I tried a monkey love potion to drink and found it pretty good. Despite having Malibu in it, it just tasted like a moscow mule. Price wasn't bad though at $10. My husband stuck with beer and was pleased with their selection.Food wise, I had the mushroom cheddar burger and my husband had the bacon cheddar burger. We were both torn over trying the slider trio and after seeing it being served to the table behind us, know it would be what we would both try next visit. Both burgers were definitely delicious and juicy. They were also cooked perfectly to our requests. We spit an order of the threesome (fries, onion straws, fried pickles) and could barely make it through half the bowl. The pickles were panko coated and amazing until I realized there was next to no pickle slice in most of them. I was just eating deliciously greasy batter. Would love for the slices to be thicker to get more pickle.Overall we had a good visit and the food definitely left us full. Our server was very friendly and came over a couple of times to chat vs just check on us. We will definitely be back!
5	We have lived in Las Vegas for 25 years and we can safely say that Stripburger is the most delicious hamburger we have had! They truly know how to cook and season a burger! The buns are fresh and squishy and the sides such as the sweet potato fries and onion strings are divine. When we were there, our ticket got stuck in the machine and so our order was delayed. The manager came right over and apologized and let us know that there was going to be a short wait because of this happening. He stayed and talked with us and made sure that we were happy while waiting for our food. This is an open air restaurant and so be prepared to dress according to the weather. There are nice views of the strip and it is fun people watching as you eat your food.
4	Get the atomic fries.  They are awesome.  Very good food, and great milkshakes.  Tough sell when it is cold outside, even though they have space heaters, but awesome when warm (they have misters too).
