5	I Love this Bar!What an amazing place.  The band, the Tony Marquez band, is a group of seasoned performers who sound so tight you wonder why they don't have a top 10 hit.  The bartenders are fully trained Cocktail style, Brandan the acrobat who was pouring drinks on the night we were there was unbelievable.We closed this place down and still wanted more, if you are looking for some good country fun in Vegas this is the ONLY stop.
4	A fun place to people watch on a Friday night.   The menu prides itself on being "white trash."  Where else on the strip can you get a fried bologne and cheese sandwhich and fried twinkies with coolwhip and jam?
5	OMG!!!! I LOVE THIS BAR!!!! Bologna sandwich on Texas toast with American cheese and grilled onions!!! are you kidding me?!!!! DELICIOUSO!!!!! super cute bartenders too!  country and rock music while you dine?!!! what more could a girl ask for?!!!! word on the street is they have line dancing in the evenings. i cant wait to part take on that action!!!! its now on my must-do list when i go to Vega$ as well as the water show at the Belllagio. the water show is the best part of Vega$$$$$$
5	I had the rib sandwich and it was delicious!  The bar tender did jack me and my friends and didn't return with the tip but it didn't take away from the great food and really cute waitresses.
2	What can I say?  I had to check out this place, and try a fried bologna sandwich.  The restaurant's walls are covered with photos and Toby Keith memorabilia.  There are a number of televisions, showing either sports or Toby Keith in concert.  Waitresses are uniformly thin, wear tight leather mini-skirts and short white tops, call everyone "hon" and are terminally cheerful.The food is OK.  The fried bologna sandwich consists of a thick slab of pretty good bologna, lightly fried, with caramelized onions, American cheese, lettuce, and tomato, on Texas garlic bread.  If you like greasy food (like me), it's not bad; if you have a low grease tolerance, stay away!  For dessert, the sweet potato pecan pie with bourbon ice cream was a disappointment.  The combination of the two kinds of pie sounds like a good idea, but neither of the fillings was especially good.  On the other hand, the ice cream was very rich, a big plus.  Cola was served in a large mason jar.  I'm glad I went once, but don't plan to return.
4	My friend wanted to find a cowboy.  I was at a point where I'd agree to pretty much anything.We go to this bar, and it was a bit early (barwise) I guess (10:45?  11?) and it was just crowded enough.  There was some line-dancing, some country songs, some non-country songs, a live cover band which had a BEAUTIFUL lead singer... and then a Toby Keith impersonator and a Willie Nelson impersonator.  Though we may have been unsober enough to be rather certain for some period of time that they were REALLY Toby Keith and Willie Nelson.  So I definitely had a pretty fantastic time.  There were a few moments with sketchy men, which might be one reason I'm not throwing 5 stars out.  They also don't have a bathroom in the restaurant, so you have to go back into Harrah's, and they wouldn't stamp my hand when I left to go (we got there before the hand stamping started) so it was possible if it got crowded I couldn't get back in (luckily I did, but the uncertainty didn't make me happy).  Also, 6 dollars for a Bud Light makes me a sad panda, even though I know it's Vegas.  I don't even know why I ordered a Bud Light- I don't even LIKE Bud Light.  However, the drinks were totally served in mason jars when I was there, and a bartender poured shots down people's throats for free at some point.  That was pretty fun.  The crowd was also REALLY into the music, which added a lot.  However, there could have been more single cowboys (for my friend, of course...).
1	Fuck this Bar & Grill!  I don't  know how many times I walked by this place w/o  thinking WTF? Who names their bar Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill?!?!?!? What douche bag  you are Toby!   Had one beer there and walked out the door. Too Expensive even for Vegas!
3	Wow - a lot of negativity in the reviews here.  I guess my expectations just weren't so high.  I expected average food and got that.  What I didn't expect was how much fun the dancing would be and that the music would be pretty good.  I've been here a couple of times and I think the bar area is pretty fun for a couple hours if you're in the mood for a casual and country bar.  Go to dinner someplace else.
3	My friend really likes country music so I had to honour her request and visit this place.  The gift shop is overpriced.  The cover band wasn't as bad as I thought they'd be.  We met some fellow, friendly, not creepy bay area boys here so I guess it earns an extra star for that.  This isn't anything special.  It seems like so many celebrities are trying to cash in on their name, especially in Vegas.  I mean we walked by Vince Neil's (of Motley Crue) Ink just before going to Harrah's (where this bar is located) and Trump tower was close by as well.  We got a lot of strange looks in and outside of the hotel for our mason jarred drinks.  They were cheaper that way than buying an actual regular drink.  Perhaps we went on a decent night.  The crowd seemed to love this place.  I was just kinda ehhh on it.  We walked around in a big circle to get to this place the first time we went here but our other friend found it with no problem.
3	Toby Keith's came highly recommended by a friend's wife so when we did a guys trip to Vegas we stopped in for dinner.  We were staying in Treasure Island so it was basically across and up the street for a 10 minute walk to Harrah's (somewhere upstairs).  It was a Tuesday night and we had about a 15-20 minute wait to get seated so we hung out at the bar.  The first thing to catch the eyes were the waitresses (maybe it was the oufit with the cowboy hat, boots and shorts and/or the friendly personalities?).  The service was also pretty good though the dinner entrees took a while to get served.  The appetizers were decent enough - wings, nachos (w/grilled chicken, guacomole, sour cream, tomatoes, etc.) and shrimp hush puppies.  The disappointments were the dinner entrees.  Not one of the five of us were thrilled with the dinner entrees.  The flat iron steak was sort of tough and not very tasty, the rotisserie chicken was dry, the grilled ny steak was sort of bland, the meatloaf was also somewhat cold and bland and the beer battered shrimp was more batter than shrimp.  We were there too early for the band, but there was some kind of free shot thing at the bar that they did at least once while we were there, though one waitress mentioned that the shot of whatever was watered down.  Probably won't go back next time we are in Vegas, but might be worth trying out at least one time.  There's also a poker room in the back that we were told was only open on the weekends.  Oh, and did I mention the waitresses?
3	The Bar is a good starter bar for sure.  The food was good and if you like toby keiths music it is a good place to go.  But is like jimmy buffets bar you do get sick of the music after a few hours.  Im had a good time both times i have been there.  The reason Brendan  m did'nt like it because he looks like the first guy who gets punched in a bar fight.  It proably happend so thats another lesson don't go to jet with a bad shirt and don't get in a fight in a country bar.
1	I didn't go to Toby Keith's expecting great food or ambiance, but I did hope that his selection of 'country cookin' would be better than average, what with his cowboy hat and all. We were seated quickly (I'll give 'em that), but the service was anemic at best.The food arrived, and my girlfriend and I sat there munching stoically without comment for a few minutes. We were both hungry, and even though I had several comments, I kept them to myself for that initial interval. Finally, she broke down and said "Any good?"I replied: "Well, it tastes like the boot, right after Toby Keith pulled it out of Al Qaeda's ass!" - and then I illustrated my point by taking a sharp bite with my canines and holding it down for ten seconds, and showing her that I hadn't made a dent in the meat!Toby, a couple of suggestions for you:1. Leave the jingoistic songs to someone who does *not* own a restaurant, and concentrate on upgrading your food from "horrible" to "barely passable" - this will be a huge step forward.2. If you must involve yourself with patriotic activities, please wrap care packages of your food and drop it off between the Afghan/Pakistan border. After two days, I'm positive they'll surrender. Your menu selections will do more damage than the MOAB.They do take plastic and the monorail will drop you off pretty close, but I'd recommend going elsewhere, even if you're on your last vestige of strength and absolutely must eat. This restaurant has probably lost Toby more fans than his singing ever will.
3	Get yourself together Toby. $3 for a draft Busch Light in a plastic cup? I'd rather drink it straight from the goat's penis. My food was good. The three stars all go towards it. I had a chicken fried steak with fries and macaroni and cheese. There were about 50 TVs in this place all playing country music videos. Every other one was a Toby Keith video. Gag. But what should I expect?Our waitress was nice, but kind of emasculating as she could grow a better mustache than me.
4	The first time we went 2 years ago we went for dinner. I love that they have Shiner Bock - not a lot of places do.  I had the pulled pork which is my sandwich of choice that I base places on and the BBQ sauce was amazing - I bought a bottle before we left.  My husband had the chicken fried steak and loved it also.  The second time we went last year, we showed up when they opened at 11am, grabbed a barstool, and left at 5pm.  We had met up with friends of mine from high school that I hadn't seen since high school (16 years!).  The bartenders were awesome for the whole 6 hours, and as much as I loathe domestic brews, the 2 for 1 specials allowed us to have a low tab and be sufficiently drunk.  I love all the free shots when they play the signature song, too!  I still had plenty of Shiner Bocks and a few mixed drinks and a few shots of Jager along with a plate of nachos and we left there with a bill of $45.  I can't wait til the next time we're in Vegas to spend some more time there.It's very convenient to get to from the monorail, but pretty far back in Harrah's off the strip.  Still worth the effort.
3	way - way - way better than coyote ugly.  The beers weren't that spendy, which is fine, it's cheap beer (and a welcome change from all the high dollar places) the food was - decent. I'm not a huge fan of BBQ sauce, but could accomodate my food preferences here pretty easily.Kinda glitzy / tacky vegas like - but then, really where are we? oh yeah, in vegas - go figure. I'll prolly stop by here for some wings, and a beer at some time in my future trips, but I don't seek it out.  But if you know a Toby fan, then this is a must stop, and it's not bad, it's just not my thing.
3	An interesting place to start a day off at.We got up late (I know, in vegas?  really?) and were super hungry, so we ambled down the strip, and an idea for a fried bolonga sandwich came to mind, so we went over and sat down.The service was decent.  The fried bologna with freedom fries was good, the fried mac and cheese was artery hardening.Overall a decent meal, waaay better then most of the Coffee shops in the hotels i have eaten at, but nothing spectacular.
2	Do not even ask me how we ended up here to finish out the bachelorette party - but we did. I am *not* a lover of Country music. At all. So this was not exactly my favorite, but the plus side was that there were more than enough empty tables at 1am on a Friday night for our entire group of 15 people to sit down at. They've got a country band who I assume does mostly Toby Keith covers (like I know anything about it), but the highlight was when the lead singer donned a crazy shaggy wig and they played Neil Diamond's "Sweet Caroline" while the audience sang along. That was the best part of being there, in my opinion. I didn't order a drink here, but it looked like they served everything in HUGE mason jars (how COUNTRY of them) - so I'd say if you love everything country, you'll probably love this bar & grill even if I didn't. ;)
2	We were staying at Harrah's and Mike wanted to go to a sports bar to watch a particular football game on a Sunday afternoon, so we ended up at Toby Keith's. We sat at the bar and I kept myself occupied with the video poker games at each seat. A very hungry Mike ordered a pulled pork sandwich and we got some Jack cocktails to tide us over. My drink was pretty strong, which certainly alleviated my losing streak at video poker. The food took at least 20-30 minutes to come out even though the bar was pretty much empty. I liked how they put your food on a cutting board if you're sitting at the bar. The portions weren't as big as I thought they would be given the prices they charged. Our server/bartender pretty much ignored us after Mike got his food so we hightailed it to Harrah's sports bar to watch the game.
4	Alcohol served in a mason jar, great country music, yummy Southern food, and a fun and lively atmosphere = a seriously fun time.  I love this place for the fact that it is so kicked back.  I can have a great time in my jeans and t-shirt.  Drinks are a serious business here since they are served in mason jars, so it doesn't take too many to get a quick buzz going.  Also, every time a Toby Keith song is played, everyone around the bar will get free shots.  (Yeah I know I am a lush, but hey)  The food is very tasty, with the fried macaroni balls being absolutely delicious and sinful.  If you are wanting to eat dinner here on a weekend though I would plan on arriving early.  I got there at 8pm on a Saturday night and didn't sit down to eat until nearly 9:30.  I don't really understand all the negative reviews, especially those that don't like country music.  I mean, why come here then?  But hey, I guess this is the beauty of Yelp, that everyone can review to their own tastes.  For me, this is one place that I will return to every visit to Vegas.
4	I was here the last time I was in Vegas and the service was much better.  This time we were here the service at the bar was really fun and prompt, we had a few mason jars of beer and an appetizer while we waited for our table.  I wish we would have just stayed at the bar!  Once we were seated it took 15 minutes for the waitress to even acknowledge us, then 40 minutes for our food to come out and my husband's pulled pork sandwich and fries were so cold I actually sent back food for the first time in my entire life.  Once it came back out it was good, and my salad with chicken was perfect.  The greens and veggies were very very cold, and the chicken was perfect.  Also, it was so large that I couldn't finish it...when is the last time that a garden salad was so big you couldn't finish it?  I really appreciated having a good size serving of a healthy option in the sea of gluttony that Vegas can be.  Overall, the atmosphere is really fun if you like country music but I would just grab a seat at the bar and eat there while you are entertained by wonderful bartenders!!
4	I know this place is for tourist, but as a local this is one of my favorite places to go.  I don't know how great it is for a bar, we usually just go for lunch and the place never seems too busy.  I like that it's just off the parking garage so we don't have to push and shove our way through a crowded smoky casino to get there.  The first time we went I ordered a steak, but what they don't tell you on the menu is that it comes smothered in mushrooms.  I'm deathly allergic and had to send it back to have it re-done.  It would have been nice to know ahead of time.  However, the waitress let me keep my sides so at least I got to eat some of my meal with my party.  My favorite thing on the menu is the mac and cheese, and my husband has a sweet tooth for the deep fried twinkies.  I've ordered something different every time I've gone and other than the death steak it has all been really good.  When they have been busy, we have even recieved a free appetizer.I've read some people bitching that they got a plastic cup instead of the advertised mason jar.  Big deal, the place sells the mason jars and they do get busy.  God forbid they sell drinks faster than the dishwasher can do dishes.  Over all this is a fun place to eat that has good food and fair service, but I would not recomend it if you hate country music.
5	Now yeah , Harrahs isn't the best casino on the strip but Toby's bar & grill is excellent ! One of the best places in all of Vegas hands down. If your there to drink they have girls give $1 shots from atop the bar. Or if your there for entertainment they have a great live band that sings Toby songs. And they even have a nice store built onto it for all things T.K. And of course the food ... They actually have drinks in a mason jars and the fried mac & cheese is the best ever !!!! A must hit place for anyone going to Vegas !!!!
2	Really? Really, Really? I don't love this bar, or grill.So, the atmosphere is cool if you like the honky tonk country vibe, and I do, I was feeling it. That is until the food came out. I got the blackened catfish with mac n cheese and mashed sweet potatoes. Nastyyyyyyy. The mac n cheese, is like Kraft times 1,000, almost powdery? The apple salsa on top was all apple no salsa. yeahhh, whatever.You get cornbread before hand, it was very dry, not moist at all. My friend got fish and chips, she kinda hated it. My other friends got a spinach salad, and a BBQ chicken sandwich, which they enjoyed. The service was kinda terrible, she had like 7 tables and was running around like a chicken with her head cut off.There are so many other places to eat in Vegas, I'd pass this one up, NO MATTER HOW MUCH YOU LOVE TOBY KEITH.
5	I have only been to the bar, never the grill, but I love it!  I love the live music and the dancing.  The bartenders are great, and even get interactive.  One made me this crazy shot and let me in on the mixin'.  Just a very chill atmosphere that always makes me happy every time I go to Vegas.
2	Our first night in Vegas we got in late and really had no idea where to eat.  Starving as we walked the strip we found our way into Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill.  The name of this place not withstanding, it didn't seem too bad atmosphere wise.  Our waitress was nice and attentive, and my group of friends all seemed to dig the faux country atmosphere despite being from New Jersey and having no connection to the country at all.   But yeah, the food, what this review is all about.  Suffice to say I was not impressed.  Looking at the menu I had a slight heart attack.  All the options seemed to be highly unhealthy and likely to send you into a food coma after eating them.  Ok, I understand that this isn't Trader Joe's and can deal with that if the food is good.  I decided to pick what I figured to be the healthiest thing on the menu, the Chicken Caesar wrap.  The rest of my group got Fried Bologna sandwiches and one pasta with Alfredo sauce.  My Chicken Caesar wrap for lack of a better word, sucked.  The wrap had very little chicken, and was mostly packed with lettuce (no tomato or onions).  This may have been somewhat tolerable if the chicken and lettuce weren't drenched in a watery slop they call Caesar dressing.  When I eat a wrap, I don't want it to leak.  I was really disappointed and so disgusted by the dressing I barely ate it (and I'm not a remotely picky eater).  Everyone else liked their dishes ok, but nobody polished off their plate or was really impressed.  If you come to this place skip the food- go to Capriotti's earlier in the day and buy a sub to save for dinner.  You'll save time, money, and yourself from a subpar meal.
4	Its just your average chain style place.  We had fun because we met up with friends.  Our waitress was nice but in some cases the service was a little spotty and they seemed to try and hustle us out the door.  I actually ordered a salad and I was somewhat nervous about it.  It was actually good and there was no iceburg lettuce to be found....yes!!!!  Maybe I'll be back.
2	Hmmm... I think I reviewed this place Great last year when I was there. It was a fun, raucous, experience with great country music and live bands, etc. This year however... Crappy. I went out of my way twice to get there and both times, we walked in and they were blaring dance music. Now, I do dance on occasion, so its not that I hate that genre, but when I go to a country music/rock bar for some fun, I don't want to hear techno bs. I walked in and walked out of Tobys 2 nights out of  my 8 night vacation. I wandered further into Harrahs and hit the dueling pianos. That is ALOT of crazy fun. There are 2 blonde twin women that play and sing there. It gets loud and fun there. They are there most nights 9pm-2am. If you go on a weeknight, there is NO cover. I highly recommend stopping in there. It s great. People give money and song requests in and they determine which songs are played by the highest bidder. Lots of fun,
3	Decided to check it out because the Lady is a fan and I thought at the very least it would be interesting.  When I asked the waitress what kind of beer they had on tap and she said "Busch."  I stared back at her, waiting, hoping to coax another selection out of her, but she was done with her list.  We were in it for the full experience of drinking out of a mason jar, so we were stuck with Busch.We looked at menu items such as "Star Spangled Salad" and "Knock Yourself Out" Nachos before settling on the equally healthy fried Mac and Cheese.  The order arrived with four or five large sized brown balls.  They were a little too hot to pick up, so we cut into them with a fork and knife.  The taste was pretty good, but I recommend you share it with someone unless you hate your heart.During our visit there was a live country band playing as people danced.  The bartenders were up and about doing all sorts of drink pouring tricks the entire time.  It seemed like a place that could get pretty rowdy, but it was very tame that night.  In the end there are places in Vegas that you'll love more than this bar.
5	My sister and I always have an amazing time here--have probably been there 20 times. We stay at Harrahs mainly because of this bar. I am a Toby Keith fan though, so I guess I AM biased. The bartenders are all really friendly and fun. The crowd is happy and cheerful. We were there this weekend and got free concert tickets and all access wrist bands for TOBY!!!! It was amazing!Now, food wise, I like the Shrimp dinner its super yummy, the Mac n cheese is really good too. The quesadilla is good too.  The will modify foods to suit your needs, and are happy to do it. I dont really go for the food, though.The drinks are huge and the bartenders have always been really attentive and fast (especially Jimmy:)) They make free shots every so often, and you will get drunk fast. The bartenders are really good at what they do. Tip them well and they will take good carfe of you (they even charged my phone because the battery was dead) I love this place and wish I was there right now.All in all...If you like Toby and like to drink from a mason jar, I recommend this place. If you want to have crazy country fun, I recommend this place. If your old or  if your yound young, they dont discriminate, I recommend this place. But, dont come here expecting gourmet foods or any fancy crap because you will be disappointed.
3	Tobey Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill is a great place to go for country music dancing. They had a live band and plenty of space to strut your stuff. The food was decent, very typical American cuisine, and the drink menu looked good, although I didn't try anything myself.
3	Facts about me:I am from a large, northern city.I do not own a cowboy hat or bootsI do not own a pickup, or other large SUVI do not listen to country musicI sort of enjoy Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & GrillMaybe it's because it takes SO LONG to find the place that I was just really hungry/thirsty, but I found myself having a good time here.  The food isn't anything outstanding, but after all the glitz of Vegas, it's a nice "loaded nachos and beer" breather.  We were there on a weekday afternoon and the place was dead, so service was very attentive.  No clue what it's like on a busy night.
4	I live in Las Vegas and go to Toby Keiths when friends are in town or just to hang out once in awhile.. When did this bar start having a band that plays hard rock music? I am a fan of rock, but I don't understand Harrahs meaning of this. Instead of us spending time there dancing and drinking we went somewhere else.  Can you dance to any Rage or Guns and Roses songs? And to top it it off the band SUCKED.  There were more people on the dance floor when the DJ played. Bartenders are great and the drinks are better. I do love this bar, but come on Harrahs!!!!!
5	I recently went to Las Vegas for the first time in my adult life, We ended up going to this bar almost every night! It was great, the people, the music, the food....Next time I am back in Vegas this is the place I will be going to and often :)
1	The name should be "I love this bar" nix the grill part.As a bar this place is pretty good. The wait, service and food sucks.We put our name in for dinner and were told 45-60 minute wait. Twenty minutes into our wait Robby Gordon shows up and they slip him right in front of everyone.At the fifty minute mark I asked where we were on the list, we were told 15 more minutes.At the 90 minute mark we were finally seated.We got our drinks pretty quick then it took another 15 minutes for our server (Lisa) to take our order.In all we had two cheese burgers, one chili burger, two waters, one iced tea and a lemon drop martini. The bill came to $60.00. My chili burger had zero flavor. Which begs to ask "how do you screw up a chili burger"? Well this place knows how.Like I said at the beginning, good bar...horrible restaurant. Never again.Toby Keith needs to remove his name from this place...quickly.
2	MY friends really wanted to go, and we've been going to the places I wanted to go, so I had to compromise and go.We had to wait about 10 minutes, finally when we got seated, we were placed right by the damn stage, which is where the loud speakers are at, and where the house band plays at.  It was so damn loud we couldn't even have a conversation, we were hungry, quiet and waiting for the waitress to bring us our waters.We all ordered different things, and when we got them, the food was "ok" and they weren't even hot,  just warm.  Finally the service was slow.I would come back to this place, but I will never eat here.   Maybe a night of drinnkkin at the bar singing bad country songs. (since they mostly play the new poppy crap).
3	The bar is 4/5The food 3/5The bar is fun and the atmosphere is good. Even if you don't like country, who wouldn't want to drink out of a mason jar?The food is just okay. Nothing special. I would go back to drink, but would not go back to eat.
4	The food here was absolutely delicious! We were delightfully surprised at how good it was! It was our best meal in Vegas this trip. The server was also super friendly and helpful. I will definitely go back.
3	Why do they play hip hop here? I typically love this place. I love the live music and some good two-stepping, but that can be difficult with all of the drunks stumbling all over the dance floor waiting for a Kanye song. I love Vegas, I love a good drunk crowd, but I also love my country. If I wanted booty shaking I would go elsewhere, but if I go to Toby Keith's, I want some country.
2	I cant speak for the rest of the food here but I fancy myself quite a wing expert and they were terrible here due to being overcooked. Super overpriced like everything else on the menu, I paid like 14 bucks with tip for a take out order that I wanted to eat in my room because this place is LOUD as shit and definitely for a party crowd. Thats all well and good and this place looks awesome as a bar to go check out if you love country music. However, its tough to mess up wings and you had better make sure you don't when you charge me $12 for an order. Sorry Toby, I know you're not as good as you once were. But I sure hope the rest of your food is better then the wings.
3	This place is pretty crappy compared to the original one in Oklahoma - less of a selection of food ... where's the grilled cheese sammy?!?! ... and it kinda has that Vegas club feel instead of a country bar.  I gave it an A-OK because the prices on beer aren't too bad.
1	We had a party there for 28 people and they charged our debit card twice for the bill and admitted they made the mistake and have not returned the money. It is close to $500. No one in the accounting department will call us back and the restaurant  first told us it is just a hold and now we have over draft notices.  They are a nightmare .
5	I love country music therefor i loove this place. Ive been here two times and both times the live bands have been wonderful playing country as well as classic rock. very fun the dance on the dance floor. The bartenders are really into it and make drinking even more fun. I have never had the food here but id expect nothing too exciting just bar food. but if youre looking for a fun place to dance, not have to dress up too much and have a good time with fun people i would try this place!
4	This is a pretty low key theme bar. I am not a country fan, but after having dinner and spending some time in here enjoying the band, I am now a fan. Maybe it was the alcochol helping, but the place is fun, and the food is actually decent. I would come here again!
3	Although I consider myself a person with finer tastes, Toby Keith's place (I don't like the actual name and I just call it "Toby Keef's place" in conversation) became a hot spot among my group of friends. If you stay in Harrah's, it's very tempting after you've spent all day on your feet. The prices are similar to an Applebee's except for the booze. On busy nights, the bartender will stand on the bar and pour shots into everyone's mouths. I wouldn't do it because a) germs! and b) it was a mysterious orange liquid that probably wasn't gin.The food was adequate. The fried mac and cheese pleased our group and I liked the fried twinkies. But nothing stood out as something I'd end up craving back home.They only run the mechanical bull Thursday through Saturday nights, but they made an exception for our group (it helps to be a dozen 21+ girls, I suppose). I was the first to ride it that night, but after watching gross chicks grind against it ('That's not a good way to stay on...' I thought to myself), I think maybe I don't want strange crotch sweat on me? Maybe not. Well, Chippendales crotch sweat is fine, but Toby Keef place crotch sweat, no.
3	I have mixed feelings about this...I hate country music.But on the other hand, the food is AMAZING!It's overpriced.But the food is AMAZING!They have a good gift shop too.  Which is also overpriced haha but AT LEAST THE FOOD IS GOOD!
3	I would say its a fun place but similar to everything in Vegas, lets just put somebodys name on it and try to sell some t-shirts.  The food is decent but I've been there once and don't need to go back.
4	I love country music and good food, so as suggested a friend of mine tagged along with me and we went to check this place out. It is located on the second floor of the Harrah's Casino. First impression of this place was wow, nice low key, laid back place. The food smelled really good and my stomach was ready ;) We were seated near the bar area and once in a while during dinner you'd hear whistles going off and a showdown going on at the bar...a lively place for sure. Country music filled the place and TV monitors showed the latest music videos on CMT. The second thing i noticed about this place was some of the male waiters were hot. :P A big plus for me.I started off with a drink, and I was surprised that my drink was going to cost $15!!!!! I understood when i received my Toad sucker Pond in a huge MASON JAR! These people take their booze very seriously...it was great! When my Burger and onion rings came out to the table i was amazed to find the onion rings stacked ON TOP of my burger rather than the traditional on-the side placing. The food was exceptionally good, but the price was a bit high. Still, I will definitely be coming here again...even if the prices are a bit high!!!
4	Tobys is finally back on top!! We went there 2 x this past week, and both times we saw rockin country bands! We also passed by there during the day, and they had country videos on. No crappy techno/dance music. Tobys went back to their roots and was all country all the time. I love that! There are a million places in Vegas to hear dance music, so we dont need it in here too. LOVE the huge drinks, southern menu and party atmosphere. Def recommend.
4	"I love this bar"  While waiting for the rest of the party to arrive, I had a $8 beer at the bar! Too bad i didn't make it last long enough.  Anyway, a live band came on, and the bull riding was free.  If I had enough for 3 more beers, I would've gone on that bull with no problem!We ate the yummy food.  i had the bologna sandwich (recommended by the server) $12.  It wasn't that great, really.  I'm not into the miracle whip or cheese, or even the bologna (too thick).  I also had the "who's your daddy" margarita $18...YUMMMMMM!!!All in all, I love the atmosphere of the live country music and the food was good.
3	You know, I was pleasantly surprised after finishing a meal here. So much so that I think I'd actually come back at some point for the food.My only gripe is that for a country bar, you figure there'd be more beers on draft. Only two; miller lite and coors lite. Bummer!The nachos weren't bad! I got a semi, but it wasn't a full on rager. Not top quality, but good enough for 3 stars. For my entree, I got a chicken wrap that sounded great in theory... deep fried buffalo chicken, onion, guacamole, lettuce, tomato. Too much lettuce, not enough chicken, but the flavor combination was there. Next time I go back, I'll ask for extra chicken in there... then it'll be delicious.Our waitress Michelle was stunning. My family is ridiculous, so we had a discussion on whether or not her tits were real. I watch a ton of porn and my mother has fake boobs... we both voted real. My dad didn't care, he just wanted to stare at them. Also, the waitresses wear assless chaps. Thumbs up.
4	Hubby and I visit this place EVERY time we come to Vegas.  Service is usually mediocre, but we're Toby fans and the food isn't terrible.  This time the food was better than normal and the service was great!  I had the ribs and shrimp combo, which was delicious and husband got the full rack of ribs.  Drinks are good and strong and the waitress is happy to give you a to-go cup when it's time to move on. YUM!  We really come here to get a few bottles of the bbq sauce from the gift shop - mission accomplished!
4	I think I love this place just because the real name is "Toby Keith's I Love This Bar and Grill Bar and Grill." I love the atmosphere inside...and the little asian bartender? Hilarious. He made a whipped-cream phallus in some 50+ year old woman's drink and made her drink it from between his legs. Priceless. The food was OK, a little pricey (hello, Vegas), but the beer was good, the music was good. Good vibes all around.+ you can smoke inside (boyfriend super excited)+ Daisy Train (cute cover band)- The girls dancing what looked like a routine over and over and over again- The inevitable line dancing and stetson-wearing crew that shows up.I'll go back again, just so we can yell "Who put $20 on Toby?" once more ;)
2	I hate country music and don't know the first thing about Toby Keith, so I'll write this review strictly as an objective observer who had a free drink coupon that I had to burn.  It was buy one get one free, so I was locked into this nightmare for about an hour.  Mercifully, since the football game was on, there was no ear-bleed-inducing garbage playing over the sound system, and the bartender was six different shades of hot.  These two reasons are the only thing that kept this review in the two star category.  I got a whiskey and coke and the thing was $10.  Ten!  Shit, I mean I know this is Vegas we're talking about, but this is an establishment that serves its beers in mason jars, so what are we talking about, here?  The food looked atrocious and stale, so I went nowhere near it, and I thank God for that decision, because the guy next to me eating nachos looked like he'd just been socked in the gut about five minutes after finishing his plate.  I didn't see the man again.  Needless to say, my visit to this place was short, and if there is any justice in this world, it will not be repeated.
3	Hmm, hmm, hmm I love this bar.Actually I didn't love it but it was OK.  Here's the thing about these theme bars, it attracts a lot of the fans.  A lot of country music fans are toothless hill jacks.  Where some of them are normal people like myself the majority tend to be the flea market grifter types.  So that's kind of what you get here.  It's a mix of normal folks, like you and me I am sure, and those who have a skoal ring on the back of their jeans...and I am talking about the ladies.  The back pocket comb is still in style here and the beers on tap match that vibe; Coors Lite and Miller Lite if I am not mistaken.     The menu?  A whole bunch of really unhealthy bar food.  They have drinks called things like Toadsuck Pond and the Who's Your Daddy Margarita.  Pretty much all the sandwiches will run you around $14.  It's Vegas, I understand that but that's still a bit pricey for a burger.  But what is that I see on the menu?  The "World Famous" Fried Bologna Sandwich?  Fried Bologna outside the comforts of my Lazy Boy reclining chair?  Hoooo Doggy!  Hold the phone!  It's on.  This grease laden, artery cloggin' monster sandwich was chock full of processed meat goodness.  Thick sliced bologna, grilled onions and God Bless a-freaking-merican cheese.  Well hot dam the only thing that could make that any better would be to slap that sumbitch on thick buttered Texas Toast.  And the lord said let it be so, and it was good.  Service?  Well I can't cotton to that none.  It was slow as molasses in January but hotter than Georgia asphalt in July if you know what I mean.  Nice girl, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.  The overall vibe?  If NASCAR was held at the Kentucky Derby or something this is what you would get.  It was too clean to be country.  Too organized to feel down home kick up your feet and sit a spell.  It's Vegas though they like their shit not to stink even when it's supposed to a little bit.  So while it wasn't horrible if it wasn't for the Bologna I probably would never come back.
1	If Toby Keith really loves this place, he would fire the current chefs and hire new ones.  The service was very nice but the food............bleh!  One of the worst BBQ Baby Back Ribs I've had.  It was dry and not much taste.  The Jumbo Fried Shrimps were so heavily battered, it tasted more like donut shrimps.  I've come to the conclusion that Harrah's gives away food vouchers because no one would actually come here to eat if they had to pay for it!  Well, certainly not me.
5	This is my favorite place to go in Vegas! Touristy as it may be, I love this bar! :0) The food is fabulous, the wait staff is super friendly (and fast), and the atmosphere is fun, loud, and definitely country.My husband and I loved the chili cheese fries. I had the catfish po' boy, and he had the cowboy Reuben. They were both delicious, and we HAD to get to go boxes. If you're around Toby Keith's, I would definitely take the time to stop in and try it.  We have been here 5+ times and haven't been disappointed yet! (Yelp also says it's not a kid place, but I wouldn't see why kids wouldn't have a blast as long as they come before about 9 or so.)
3	Went to this bar/restaurant to meet up with my friend and his female friend. Though I only stayed for a few minutes and just had a beer and fried Mac and cheese balls, I thought the atmosphere was pretty good. And the wait staff seems to be really friendly and fast. I'll give it three stars since I did not really stay that long to be able to really experience the place.
5	One of my favorite places in Vegas. I go here at least once every time we come. 32 ounce jack and cokes to accompany a delicious burger. Just know that the 100 ounce Big Dog Daddy Challenge is no joke.
2	I didn't hold out much hope for anything inside a Harrah's casino.  But a bunch of my friends that I haven't seen in a couple of years were going there to catch up and talk about an awesome day of flying.For a Wednesday night, it was cool that there was a band.  And the band wasn't that bad.  But thats where the positives ended.  It took forever to get served a drink.  And I got a weird look when I asked for a diet Coke. (Sorry Toby minion. Despite your valiant attempt to get me to buy a jar of booze, I didn't feel like getting wasted when I had to fly 13 hours later).  The floor was sticky almost everywhere near the bar.  And even though it was only 10pm, some drunk moron dropped his drink on the ground and walked away.  No big deal right? Now you'd think a waitress would get a mop and clean it up.  But nope, they just put a cone over the spill.  It was as if no one noticed as the spill grew exponentially from underneath the cone.
4	Honky Tonk fun!!Think this was one of the highlights of my Vegas trip...really awesome atmosphere and the bartenders were really friendly....namely Charlie and RubenOne thing I have to say is I'd rather eat at the bar than at the actual restaurant...when we went it was rather busy, but the servers were a bit abysmal in the service....the thing that elevated this place was the bar....they took better care of us than the actual servers...( think that was why we removed ourselves from the table and plopped ourselves at the bar lol)Drinks were made well.....and I think I have a new favorite drink.....Sweet Tea Vodka and Lemonade.....yummy!!!Oh I also got their deep fried bologna sammich!! =) (I love bologna btw)Anyhoo...I'll try not to sound too much a lush....just go to this place already!!!
1	In honor of an upcoming trip to Vegas, I thought I'd review some of my most and least favorite places in the town. This place tops the "least favorite" list by a long shot.Hey, maybe I'm just not the crowd this place is looking for. I thought I would be, because I'm a HUGE country music fan, and even admit to a grudging appreciation of/liking for Toby Keith's music. Which is good, because you can't look around the bar without seeing a zillion pictures of the guy. So if you disagree with his right-wing views and occasionally racist song lyrics, this probably isn't the place for you.HOWEVER, if you like paying $8 for an aluminum bottle of Bud Light, this is definitely the place for you. I'd question your intelligence, because cheaper (or free) beer is readily available in Las Vegas, but hey. If you like artery-hardening fried food that claims to be "Southern" by virtue of its being fried, this is definitely the place for you.** And most importantly, if you like your meal to be interrupted at random intervals by ear-piercing whistles, music volume suddenly cranked to 11, and sadly unattractive (and fully clothed, but maybe that's a relief) male bartenders dancing and cavorting on the bar, well then, this is DEFINITELY the place for you. Have at it.**Grudgingly, I have to admit that the fried mac and cheese was pretty tasty, if I recall correctly.
1	This place was terrible.  There aren't even words...
3	I've been here twice, most recently during the weekend of the National Finals Rodeo.  As expected, there were tons of folks in cowboy attire, lots of beer being gulped down, and drinks sipped out of mason jars.  They had a live band that was decent, go go dancers, and they'd occasionally blow a whistle and pour free shots into people's mouth.What' was the problem then?-- When the band was off stage they didn't play country music.  I want to hear Toby and George and Garth.  I didn't come here to hear hip hop.-- As a theme bar/restaurant, I wasn't expecting to see little Asian guys at the bar.  I'm no racist (by saying that I probably am racist despite being an Asian/Pacific Islander), but I want to see a southern belle or a redneck guy pouring drinks at a country bar.
3	Burgers were super thick and tasty, but they use shredded lettuce and that's not so great on a burger. The fries are amazing! Seasoned and delicious. My bro and I finished off burgers with the Fried Twinkie which was actually pretty good. It's not a grease bomb like you'd think.They have country music videos playing all the time and when Toby Kieth's "I Love This Bar" comes on everyone gets free shots poured directly in the mouth from a chick walking on the bar. Bras hanging above the bar keep the place extra classy.The food's good, but I don't think the burger and fries are worth the $13-14 I paid. That's my only complaint. I do believe I'll return with friends so we can eat, drink and dance. Seemed like there was enough space by the video screen for some country dancin' and west coast swing.
4	Let Vegas bring HonkyTonk Town to YOU. 3 STARS, EXTRA STAR GOES TO JESSICA C.[ATMOSPHERE] : 20 Burgers && Sandwiches to choose from + People square dancing on the dance floor+ Country music filling up the atmosphere+ Band on stage+ Dim tasteful bar feel with some lighting (just incase beer goggle's not enough *nudge nudge*).. minus mechanical bull *sad face*Chicks in chaps && boy shorts? Don't worry boys, you won't be needing beer goggles in that department ;]On top of that they had a free Burger && Beer deal for troops the time I was there. Showing their love && support for troops, huge burgers && drinking straight out of jars: nothing screams American Pride more than that. [SERVICE] :Jessica's the BEST. My entire table pretty much all ordered the free meal deal and 2 appetizers. I can understand what an annoyance it can be to have 2 handfuls of troops come in and ask for the free burger && beer deal. Poor thing had to carry out 10 plates && 10 beers knowing that the tab's only going to be $25 at most (for the 2 appetizers). Given the scenario, I honestly didn't expect her to come by and check up on us, but she did. And she was so attentive despite what 20% of $25 is (don't worry, she got waaay more than 20% of the tab).I'd give this place 5 stars if they didn't charge so much for mediocre food. $14 for an OK tasting burger? Cmon now. I can slap together the same burger @ home for $12.50 cheaper!
3	The food was great! The steak sandwich was truly a good steak on bread, unlike some places where they grill a piece of dried leather & add mushrooms. And the fries were excellent.BUT... As one might expect on the Strip, it's expensive. The $15 price tag on my dinner was expected, but I felt like I'd just lost big in Vegas at the sticker shock of paying $7 for a domestic beer and $12 for a small margarita. Oh... And there is a lot of ass-cheek in the room provided by your waitresses who put Hooter's girls to shame. I guess you'll have to decide for yourself whether that's a plus or minus... Can I say "ass-cheek" on Yelp?
5	Best bbq wings ever! The Mac and Cheese balls are also real good :) can't wait to go again.
5	This is the place to go for some great atmosphere and drinks the size of your head. They cost a little extra, but just get the double, its worth the jar. Live band and dancers. Great time.
4	As a Christmas present to my Mom, I took her to Vegas to see Garth Brooks at the Wynn. She is a huge country fan, so I really wanted her to enjoy herself on our two day trip. So we HAD to see her favorite (Toby Keith's) bar at Harrah's. My expectations for Harrah's wasn't high at all, and it met those expectations."I Love This Bar" was basically the Hard Rock Cafe for Country meets Coyote Ugly. The place was loaded with Toby's records and hats and shirts he wore at certain events. The staff was sexy delicious. The outfits were as follows: cowboy hat, little black shirt that reads "HOTTIE", black booty panties, and black assless leather chaps. Possibly the greatest work uniform of all time? I think so.The food was just ok. I got a western burger and it was gigantic. The fries were "crusty" and meh. Toby's "I Love This Bar" song and video came on and they announced free shots - so I ran over to the bar where the bartenders dump it straight from bottle inti to your mouth. Not a spritz either, like fill your mouth from throat to lips. Savage style. I kinda like it. Just because Mom had to try it - we got the Deep Fried Twinkie for dessert. When in Rome...All in all, a cool place to drink and fantasize about your server. Food was pretty decent. I've got a new respect for TK. Definitely a cooler spot than Sammy Hagar's or Vince Neil's. And I'm not even a Country fan.4.25 stars. But why no mechanical bull? You'd think it's a no brainer.
3	when you're tired of eating at the buffets try this place -the good - hot food servers with butt-less chaps on, picture hooter girls some wearing cowboy hats and all wearing gorgeous smiles while serving you huge meaty sandwichesI had the steak sandwich and it was awesome - this is literally a strip steak in a hogie roll with grilled onions, mushroom and cheese.  Another visit I had the Reuben - again this place did not miss - lots of corned beef brisket, topped with bacon - lots of meat!the bad - the crowd, the drunks, the way too loud competing music - for some reason they keep the piped in music on even when the live bad is playing - the meh --- flair bartenders who do tricks by request (tips) the bar was lit on fire twice while we were there less than an hour
4	No cover charge, a decent cover band, $5.00 beer served in large mason jars, random free shots of random liquor and girls dancing on the dance floor makes this bar a great place to stop by when you're ready to escape the crowds and slot machines. The place was fun, laid back and not an ultra lounge!
3	Well....I don't normally like big bones country men undressing me with their eyes, but it is hard to avoid that here. No, it's not what you think....But there are A LOT of life sized, and larger posters, murals, standing figurines and videos of the country start at this establishment...Many of them featuring his trademark "Come Hither Cowboy" look.Other than the creepiness....This  sports bar type place was a welcome surprise. Searching for a non-buffet, non-fast food dining option gets hard sometimes during a busy trade show at the adjoining property and I was happy to stumble upon Toby Keith's I love this Bar and Grill. It DOES get VERY crowded on Thurs-Fri and Sat nights so be warned...But for the most part it is a country themed casual eatery with an upbeat vibe.The service both at the tables and at the bar was good, even when busy. The waiters are pretty good ad describing some of the more "eclectic" items on the menu such as the fired bologna sandwich or the fried macaroni balls. The food was, I would say, a slight improvement on a Chili's or TGI Fridays type Americana type offering. Several fried southern surprises, as mentioned above...But I had both some appetizers, a salad and a burger, and all came as I ordered and were tasty and a good value. A great combination. HOWEVER, they do offer the "100oz Challenge" which, as I had heard was a giant burger, fried and beer..All totaling a combined 100 ounces. This is one of those John Canyd type challenges where you get a "hootn and a hollerin" reception when you ordered it, and a TShirt and Polaroid if you finish it...And a double bypass in a year or two.All in all a great dining, and drinking option tucked away in Harrahs Las Vegas. Keep up the good work...Yall!
3	I'm originally from the MidWest so this place reminds me of home...cowboy hats, mason jars, country music, the electric slide...as far as a country bar goes...you really can't ask for much more! I haven't actually been the bar in probably 3 years...they have added stripper poles with "dancers".  Very pretty girls but a little random.  People are eating dinner and there's this half naked girl dancing to some country song!  Probably not the best place to take small children for dinner!We went there because my husband's best friend had Navy friends in town.  They said they liked the food...didn't see what they had.  Service is okay...They were busy and don't have very many people working at the bar.  You're going to have to wait to get a drink if it's at all busy in there.  Drink prices are pretty typical for a Strip eatery/bar.My favorite thing about going here is you have choices in a close proximity.  Carnival court, casino gambling, etc. are all pretty close in walking distance.
5	Awesome!  Try the "who's ur daddy" margarita served in a mason jar!
5	I am reviewing this place after eating there only one time...but I must say, I am IN LOVE WITH TOBY KEITH'S!First, the food:Amazing. That is how I would describe it. I got the Baby Back Ribs and had the biggest grin on my bbq-covered face as I savored each bite. Never have I eaten something more delicious. I understand how there are plenty of other places YOU might have been that contradict that, and I just may eat at crappy restaurants, but I am serious when I say it was the best Ribs I have ever eaten. I sampled some food from everyone in my party, and everything was absolutely incredible.Next: the drinks:I'll keep this short because I only had one drink (and some of others), but their drinks tasted really good. I only ordered at the table and not the bar, but what I had was delicious and I approve.The atmosphere:From what I saw, there was the eating area, a bar, a dance floor, and a stage with live music. The place was very loud, and country music was blaring, but it was entertaining. I have no interest in country music whatsoever but I still enjoyed the music and had a great time. There were dancers on some of the tables that were absolutely gorgeous. I was temped to just be a creeper at the bar because of how beautiful the girls were, but then again, that would be creepy :PFinally, the staff:I had no issues at all with the staff. We had not made a reservation so we had to wait maybe 30 minutes (but again, there were dancers, so I didn't mind standing around). When the time to be seated finally came, we were placed right near the stage. It was loud so we requested a different table. They quickly accommodated us and moved us closer to the entrance. The waitress then came by and took our orders, and was on point to bring our appetizers/drink refills whenever needed. Our food was prepared very quickly and everyone's order was perfect.Final verdict?Like I said before, I have only eaten here once. The one time I was there I had an awesome time. I loved the food, the atmosphere, and everything about the place. I told a friend eating with me that I will come back every time I am in vegas, and that I must bring my family there. The food was top notch and the service was great. I highly recommend Toby Keith's and hope you have the same excellent service that I did.
2	20 minute wait for a half empty restaurant.  Waitress was about as dumb as a post.  (Sorry post.)  Had 3 appetizers: Nachos w/beef, Quesadillas with chicken and the fried mac and cheese balls.  The balls were the size of a racquetball!  They were served with a fluorescent orange cheese like sauce.  They weren't terrible, but they could have been hotter.  The quesadillas were just gross.  The nachos were okay.  The best thing about this place is that they serve Pepsi and it comes in a huge mason jar.  Avoid.
5	This place is SICK! As in totally AWESOME! If you are military, go gO GO! We are in the military and we got a free burger and a free beer! THEN they were giving out free shots at the bar! Amazing. Tasted good too. Fun country atmosphere. Woo!
5	After seeing a early show in the establishment it's housed in my friend suggested we go to Toby Keith's for dinner. I didn't know it existed. We sat down and were chatting and catching up on life, the waitress was so patient and friendly and brought us our iced teas. We finally got around to ordering, I was watching the deeeelicious looking food being served around me, every thing looked so good and when I got my dinner "it was very tasty." I felt very comfortable and I enjoyed the atmosphere! The service was fantastic for us! I say "YUMM"
5	Fun atmosphere, great service, awesome food and fantastic drinks! Go-Go dancers on the bars on Fridays & Saturdays from 10pm-2am! Remember to tip your servers, bartenders, and your dancers! :)
5	Wehaa!!Hubby OF"COURSE loved this bar....the gal..hey hey hey "BARTENDER" was cute as a button and very polite...yet funnyyy as all get out and looked like the original Dukes of Hazrds gal!! She also said she had been there since that very bar opened.....I believe she said she 34 and of'course u would not have known it..she had 2 ponytails..and could dance all over that bar in cowboy boots ..and cutoff shorts..lol and pour your drinks backwards off that bar into your mouth or glass...!!  We needed that lil afternoon break...fun fun!!  then of to gambling!!
2	We were looking forward to this bar but was a little disapointed. Kind of a ego-driven Hard rock type decor.  Enjoyed the music but food was just okay.  We thought it would be fun and kind of honky-tonk but it was just another generic restaurant.
5	Well worth coming here when your in Vegas.  Since the food in Vegas is spotty at best, or it's way overpriced.  Not here, If you like BBQ and good home cookin food, You got to come here, my wife had half a rack of very tasty bbq bacby backs, I had their fried catfish po' boy, very good.  though on the video advertisement, they showed a mechanical bull there. There is none.  But do yourself a favor, stop eating at the overpriced hotel restaurant or deli, and get to Toby's
4	I really do LOVE this Bar and Grill!!  We came here while visiting Vegas, and there is nothing wrong with a bar that rings a bell and pours shots directly into your mouth!We had the nachos, and they were amazing.  I also ordered one of their mixed drinks that came in a HUGE mason jar.  it puts those rinky dink mason jars to shame!!My friend and I took a few shots before/during the meal, so I thought the food was amazing at the time--that might cloud my review, just FYI.  But the nachos were amazing as was my burger.  And my friends' fries :)There was a sign outside the door that was a little off-putting, though.  It said there was a 90 minute time limit for diners.  However, we were there for over two hours and our waitress couldn't have cared less!
1	If I could rate this place with zero stars I would.  I don't understand why there are so many positive reviews. This place is a dump.  To begin with, I tried to call the restaurant several times during the week after noon and no one answered.  Finally, they answered.  I just wanted to see if there were any happy hour specials. Geez...I met up with some girls to start up the evening for a bachelorette party on a Saturday evening.  Not everyone showed up at the same time, so the hostess would not seat us until the entire party was there. (We had 10 girls in our party.)  They also have a sign that says that there is a 90 minute maximum at your table.  Oh yea....they don't take reservations either.  Not to mention 2 of the hostesses were rude and I had to pull answers out of them.  Already not having a great experience, because there is NO level of customer service in this place.  The drinks are expensive....$7 for a corona light.  Yes, it's the strip but at Harrah's that seems a bit crazy.  Maybe I should have splurged for the $22 mason jar, but I was the DD and didn't want to get crazy.  Every so often, they blow a whistle or something and someone jumps on the bar to pour some shots into your mouth.  Once we sat down, I asked the server if my sister and I could split our bill out.  She made sure to tell us they only split checks a max of 3 ways.  OK what is with this place...can't I catch a break?!  All in all...she ended up splitting the check 4 ways....funny how that worked out.  The service was OK and the food was not so great.  Typical strip food....over priced and under delivered.  We only had bar type food...nacho plates, club sandwich and I shared an app platter. The best thing was the fried mac n cheese balls. Not super great but good.Later that evening about 3 hours after I ate....I had food poisening. Yes, like Linda Blaire!  I am sure it was the chicken wings.  I will be contacting Harrah's and the health department.  I didn't drink so it wasn't that.All in all...not a place I would EVER go back to.
4	Was looking for a place to watch the game where we could actually have a seat and watch the TV. All of the tables were taken with a long wait, so we ambled up to the bar. Got them to turn the TV right in front of us to the game and voila! Remained in those said seats for many hours after the game was over. Everyone (bartenders and patrons) were super friendly. The drinks are served in mason jars, cute. The nachos were pretty good too. A band came on late night. I did not experience the dancers on the bars as some of the other yelpers have. The bathrooms are outside the bar. I hate that about Vegas.
3	Hey Toby, I like this bar. I just don't love it. I do enjoy the live band who play a lot of rock in addition to country in their set. I like that. I also like the mason jar drinks here. Now if only they could work on their service a little...
3	Walked into this place looking for country music on the strip, and maybe have a beer or two. We heard exactly two country songs before the dance music switched over, and never went back.  What the heck?  Overpriced drinks and dance music? If you want country, go across the street to Gilley's.
2	A group of us came here around midnight. We had been to a club and were in the mood for something a bit more relaxing and less crowded. This place has the feel of a standard southern dive bar. A nice size dance floor and country songs playing all night. Being from Texas, I am of the biggest country fan but I do love to 2 step so I enjoyed myself. There was a pretty sad crowd in the bar, which was off for midnight on a Saturday... Be sure you are going with a group of your own, or else you may be a bit bored.The icing on the cake is when I got to dance the Cotton Eyed Joe. For those that don't know this song (not the 90s dance version but the real version) it is played at a southern wedding and brought back great memories.
2	My husband and I have been here many times before and always had a good experience. This time, we went in around 4pm to get a bite to eat. Sat at the bar, took 25 minutes before anyone offered us a menu- even though they were all looking at us but kept horsing around & talking with other patrons who were obviously dressed to get a free drink. Once we got a menu (with not being asked what we would like to drink- hello? we are sitting at a BAR..) the bartender came back 15 minutes later to wash a glass and I had to let him know we were ready to order. He asked "what do you want?". It then took 20 minutes to get one order of appetizer chicken strips. The man who brought it out to us was very nice and polite and was the one to finally ask if we wanted something to drink. It of course took another 20 minutes after being done eating to get the idiot bartenders attention to ask for our bill. Needless to say- we did not tip. I am a big believer in cutting slack because servers/bartenders etc get busy- but really? 4pm on a Tuesday with 8 people at the bar, 5 of them flirting to get on the bartenders good side? I'll waste my time at Denny's down the road.Toby- I love you but get some new staff.
2	We got here early so we only had to wait a few minutes on a Thursday night...upon leaving the place had a LONG wait - people waiting on the inside and outside so tip: arrive early for dinner.The service was slow....I think our waitress gave more attention to the tables of 4 or more (for the tip) over our table for two.  The fried mac & cheese balls made a fabulous appetizer.  The manager brought it out so I think it may have been sitting in the kitchen a little long and our food came out before we were done with it. We had the fried bologna sandwiches for dinner... I felt a little weird ordering that in a restaurant, but really - you can't get that just anywhere.  It was HUGE and filling and the drinks come in a large mason jar so you WILL fill up here though a price comes with it... this place is on the pricey side but due so such slow service, I was able to save some money on the tip so lessened it to the 15% range over 20.
2	My boyfriend's family seems to love this place, but I just can't seem to get on board with the tacky atomosphere and mediocre food. Guess music videos of guys in cowboy hats and girls with too much peroxide in their hair just isn't my idea of fun background music. Being a non-red meat eater doesn't leave me with many choices on this menu, so I've ordered a quesadilla both times I've been here. I love food with a Mexican flare, but it's just not very memorable here. The service is fine, and they serve beverages in large jars (which is nice), but being located in Vegas does this place a disservice because I just imagine eating elsewhere due to the many options on Vegas. This place is pretty meh.
4	seriously the best fries I have had in a long time...I am a HUGE Toby fan so I love this place
2	My date said the turkey sandwich with avocados was delicious.  I ordered the ribs with chicken wings.  The chicken wings looked very unappetizing with the re-cooked yellowish color to it.  The ribs were too sweet.  The server was very personable and had great social skills.  I appreciated  the service, but I wouldn't return here.
5	Amazing Bar Food!!! Mac and Cheese Balls and Fried Bologna Sandwich! PERIOD!! Don't come here with HIGH class taste buds! Excellent Bar Food but after reading some people's reviews I don't think they know what the specialty items on the menu are. The environment is always fun. Great servers and bartenders! We ate at the bar one time and at a table another time and came last year for a friends B-day party with a group of about 20 people and everyone had a great time!
3	I'm not a country western fan and I don't know who Toby Keith is other than someone my girlfriend was drooling over. But I do know that country-western people know how to eat, so I was all up for visiting this bar/grill while we visited Vegas. It's inside Harrahs on the strip. It didn't open until 11 which was a bit annoying, considering how hungry I was at 10 am, but eventually it did. Like many chains, there is a feeling of "same old same old" the moment you walk in, just like any Jimmy Buffet Margaritavilles or a Applebees. There was lot of country music and videos on the TV, mostly Toby Keith, and there are bra's hanging around the bar. A country western bar for sure! There is a stage for live music. The cool thing to do is order your beer in a giant mason jar (just Coors for the mason jar only). I hate Coors but I figured when in Rome....The next day we popped by once again so she could get some souvenirs from the gift shop and pose with the cut-out photo of Toby. We did order up some chili fries and they were delicious which confirms my theory that the food here must be pretty good, in a chain kind of way. Hot and fresh and plentiful. Overall it lacks an original feeling. But I do plan to hit one up in Phoenix next time, so it did its job, but I'll avoid the Coors. Yuck.
5	Greatest bar ever! We come to Vegas once a year & spend the majority of our time in this bar, mainly because of the great & friendly bar staff. Leo the bartender is outstanding! Has us in stitches the entire time with his silly antics & Jimmy & Jay are just as wonderful! without them the place would not be nearly as fun, not to mention the wonderful security guard at the door, names Richard, incredibly helpful & kind. We always meet the greatest people here & look forward to going there every year! Im pretty sure we go to Vegas just because of this bar, would reccomend it to everyone, cant say enough good things about this establishment & its bartenders. (and security staff)
3	There are really only two reasons to come to this spot. 1) People watching. 2) To laugh at the shrine Toby Keith created to himself.The music (when there is a live band) is actually pretty good. But the people watching is what brings me back again and again. The clientele here is so mixed. All the cowboys in town find their way here, but so do the bachelorette parties, woo girls, frat boys, football fans, old couples, etc. It gets quite packed at peak times. Bar and table service can be exceptionally slow. The food ain't much to write home about. The drinks are overpriced and kinda sucky. But you don't come here for the eating and drinking. You come here to walk around, shake your head, and repeatedly say to yourself "just who the hell does Toby Keith think he is?!" - and to just watch all the crazy people having a crazy time.
4	I too am one of those Tacky Country folk! Ha! we were in town for the PBR (Professional Bull Riders) World Finals. So, of course we had to go to Toby Keith's I love this Bar and Grill. We only waited for about 10 minutes for a table during the lunch rush, not bad. The hostess was perky and happy to see us, like we were old friends. She was busing tables as well and kept on going. Love to see a good attitude even when working hard.Table service was prompt and the waitress polite and full of smiles. I had NO idea how HUGE the portions were going to be. But having not eaten since before our flight the night before, we were quite hungry.  My mother in law ans I had the pulled pork sandwiches and my husband a burger. Even with how hungry we were, we had a hard time finishing. The pulled pork was tender and juicy, not to sweet with a little kick. Just the way I like it. Potato salad and a pickle spear, topped off with sweet tea. Absolutely NO complaints.Service and food were great!Will visit again should I be in Vegas.
3	I always try and keep an open mind when going to dine at a Strip location, I know that the bulk of their business is tourists and that the prices might be a little high because of it but there is no excuse for any restaurant in a major name like Harrah's to not offer any LOCALS ONLY deals or discounts!  On to the positive because I really hate having to write anything negative unless I think it will really help someone else.  The food here has always been good, I've never ordered something and wished I hadn't, but to be fair I seem to wind up ordering the fried bologna sandwich every single time!  I guess it's a guilty pleasure, 15 bucks for a bologna sandwich is kinda steep though don't ya think?  I mean Bologna is the cheapest lunchmeat you can buy at the deli counter isn't it?!?The beer here is the normal mix of stuff.. I remember really liking getting my mason jar full of Miller Lite in the past... yeah yeah I know what you're thinking... chubby man orders fried bologna but is worried about the calories in his BEER! ... I just like the taste of it dammit, I'm sure as hell not dieting!   But alas I've got another complaint, I ordered a miller lite draft and it says right on the menu $6 and when I ordered the waitress didn't say anything other than bottle or draft... DRAFT of course, I can drink it out of the bottle at home!   SOOOOO anyway out comes a HUGE mason jar filled with hoppy goodness and it was literally a quart!  So the mrs and I have a conversation about what a good deal that is at a strip-staruant!   Well bill time comes and I got charged $9, still not a bad price considering it was really two pints but FALSE ADVERTISING and the waitress should be clear if there is an extra charge.  I still did not get any satisfaction as to why it was $9 and it says $6 domestic on the menu.  All in all, I will definitely be back again it just won't be too soon without better pricing or maybe a locals night/special.   ATTENTION MANAGEMENT!  Do the waitresses really need to be walking around with their tan asses hanging out?  I'd be just as happy if they seated me while wearing a burka!
3	Bar and restaurant named after the hit I Love This Bar.  They host live bands and have a nice dance floor.  Toby has been known to show up for a guest appearance.
2	aWe felt the food was good but service was entirely too slow. We wouldn't go back
1	Went with some cowboys from out of town recently.  Ordered a salad with grilled chicken on top.  Chicken came out like jerky, as if it had been sitting out for days.  I sent it back and what I got back wasn't much better.  Looked and tasted like boiled chicken strips.  Ask the others in my party and not one could say their meal was outstanding.  Had a bite of my Mom's chicken-fried steak and I've had better from IHOP which is not saying much at all.  I am disappointed with Harrah's for allowing this type of sub standard food go to people visiting our city.  Step it up if you're going to charge people that amount of money!!  Other than the food the place looked good and loved the shots given out at the bar after the alarm sounded.  New chefs would complete this place!!
4	This restaurant has a great atmosphere. When you are having lunch, dinner or even when just hanging out at the bar area. The waitresses are prompt and friendly and the food is delicious. Portions are pretty big.
4	When I came to this bar I had a great time!!!The music is all kinds of different. We heard varieties of Spanish, Country, Top 40 and Rock music here. I came after 10pm so I cannot comment on the food.This bar is a great bar for all walks of life.Everyone had a great time in my group, and every person that has been there and told me about it has said that they have had a great time there as well!Try it out!
4	I'm not really a fan of Toby Keith but I can't help liking a place that plays nonstop country music (that said, I can totally understand why someone who doesn't LOVE country music would go a bit nuts here). I also like deep fried things. I came here with a bunch of girls from work who share the same love of all things country music (I grew up line dancing to Brooks and Dunn if that explains ANYTHING... and yes, I know I'm Asian and it's weird). We were here for hours and hours. The music was good, they played all the current country songs and some older stuff too. There was definitely a variety of people here and it is great people watching. My deep fried twinkies were delicious. I think if it were at a bigger casino that I like to frequent more, I would come back more often.
2	I give this place 2 stars for the entertainment.The band was great!  Food was just not very good.  The food server was not attentive at all. This is the second time we have been here and we won't be back.  Sorry Toby,maybe you should actually try the food before you put your name on it!
4	Loved the Toby Keith bar!  We had a good time sitting at the bar watching football.  The service was better than expected.  The drinks are awesome and are served in huge mason jars!
4	We stopped by on a Thursday night and the place was hopping.  Drinks, while expensive, were good in taste and strong in booze.  Live music while we were there was extremely good, and it wasn't "just" country-country.  Some of the more recent country hits that blur the pop line were played and people danced on the dance floor anytime the songs welcomed it.ps:  If you're coming in through the Monorail entrance, getting to this bar is a snap.  If you're coming in from the strip you want the escalators that take you towards the monorail as well as Starbucks.
1	Poor food, long wait for service!!!! Stay away.
4	I wouldn't say I love country music as a whole, but I do love Toby Keith!  So, had to come here to check it out. And glad we did. Even if you hate country music you will have a great time! Food is good, but not superb. We were more there for drinks and entertainment.  They have lots of signature drinks, Toadsuck Pond was my personal favorite! I recommend sitting at the bar if there is room. Bartenders are great. Music is awesome (can't believe I said that). My husband and I come to Vegas almost every year and we always stop by Toby Keith's for a good time!
4	No, I'm not confused. I am indeed writing a review based on personal experience inside Toby Keith's Bar & Grill at Harrah's.A friend of mine from NYC (whose father is an executive with Caesars Entertainment, the parent company of Harrah's) decided to use family connections for his birthday dinner...and we all got an invitation that the dinner was to be held at Toby Keith's. Wait, what? I was confused to say the least and had to call other people who I knew were also invited before we figured out what and where Toby Keith's was.This place reminds of my college days at the University of Arizona in Tucson: cowboy hats, country music and lots of Jack Daniels bottles used as decoration. There was live music and the main singer looked like a skinnier Toby Keith. The restaurant was loud and our waitresses handled our large (and mostly obnoxious, though in good fun) party very well.As for the food, I ordered the "hottie wrap" which is a sun dried tomato tortilla filled with strips of fried chicken (I know, not part of my usual diet but with all the Jack Daniels decorations around I felt fried anything was appropriate somehow) and lots of veggies. My guilty conscience made me ask for fat free ranch instead of bleu cheese. The wrap tasted fresh and everyone enjoyed their food. Orders ranged from burgers, to wings, to mac & cheese.I'm not going to lie, our party of 20 people had an awesome time. Everything was on the house so needless to say the drinks were flowing. I didn't partake in any of the speciality cocktails because they all come in giant mason jars. I wanted something a little daintier. Oh, and to make things interesting some man (in hindsight I pray it was the bartender) came around with a bottle and gave everyone in our party (guys and girls) shots. The atmosphere was very fun and it was a great birthday dinner setting for a loud group.
4	What a fun place this is! My wife told me about this bar and how great an atmosphere it had. This is exactly what you would expect from a bar created by Toby Keith (except for the racist, right wing beliefs). The male to female ratio was definitely split 50/50 leaving plenty of fish for the single males and females. I think my favorite part about this place are the massive mason jar drinks. You only need two or three to get a solid buzz going on. And let me give you a fair warning for you timid types. If it's someones birthday they will be in for a surprise if they don't know what to expect. First a bar tender will stand up and blow a whistle violently then present a drink with whip cream in the shape of a penis or a vagina for the appropriate sex. They will then hold it down by their groin while you chug the whole thing. I have seen multiple people get scared and embarrassed but hey guess what? it's VEGAS! So chug away! the bartenders are the showman type throwing bottles behind their backs and making a hell of a show out of your order. Last note, whenever the Toby Keith song "I love this bar" comes on make sure you are near the bar because they will graciously throw out free shots straight from the bottle.
4	This is one of my most favorite bars to hang out in while in Vegas! It is always fun with dancing, flare bartenders, mason jars, and birthday "shots". I actually prefer to come here during the day because most of the bartenders are really personable and you get a really cool show while they throw bottles around and pour 20 shots at a time in a pyramid. They are able to talk with you moer and spend more time showing off their cool tricks than they are at night when it is super busy. AND they still play the Toby Keith song, "I Love This Bar" during the day- which means free shots! I keep coming back to this place despite the fact that I am not that big into country music and I absolutely despise Toby Keith. So, that really says something about how fun this bar is!Last note, go on your birthday and order the birthday shot. Trust me :)
4	I really like hanging out here.  The chili burger is good and the Mac and cheese balls are great.  They have good TVs for the games but the volume is always Toby singing.
1	This place sucks! The decor looks nothing like you would expect from a "country" bar. And the prices for drinks are OUTRAGEOUS. I'm use to paying 3 dollars or so for a domestic beer (Miller Lite) I'd even pay $4. But $6 is ridiculous. Even for the Strip. The mixed drinks are a minimum of $12 and they come in small glasses. My girlfreind wanted a sprite and that cost $3.50 and was in a small glass that you couldn't even put an entire can of sprite into...and it had ice in it! So this place is an obvious rip off. I HATE THIS BAR!
4	This place really surprised me...it was a last minute decision...although i wasnt in the mood for a 'dark country bar restaurant experience' for lunch but the waitress was really friendly and knowledgable about the menu...we had the reuben which was delicious! she recommended the slaw and sauce on the side and i'm glad i took her up on it so that i could choose how much i wanted...the portions are large (which she also told us in advance) so we split the sandwich and were stuffed! i'd also recommend the fresh sweet iced tea...it was extremely refreshing and she even offered us a to go iced tea :)
5	Loved! But I might be bias because I do love anything country. Was my first time here, good food and good drinks. The staff was very friendly and food came quick, although it wasn't really full when we went. Found a new favorite drink, it's a specialty drink called "Whiskey Girl", which came in a mason jar. I'm a fan of Jack so I had to try it. If anyone remembers what is in this drink feel free to let me know. Got to have more of this drink!
3	Food was OK really nothing to write home about, Waitresses were dressed nicely and bar scene was cool.
3	We were expecting a Country Western Bar. I think Toby would be disappointed! Waited over 2 hrs to be seated for dinner. While waiting we sat in the Bar area. We got our first Drinks at the Bar. It took the Waitress almost 35mins before she stopped by our table. She never came back. We got our next drinks at the bar while the couple next to us chain smoked. We finally got our table and ordered our food. It took 40mins for the food to come out. I was so hungry at this point I honestly could not tell you if the food was bad. Not trying to be too critical "Vegas" but did have different expectations
4	Two words...COWBOY REUBEN!Grilled rye piled high...with corned beef, Swiss cheese, coleslaw, bacon, and jalapeno ranch dressing served with a heaping side of fries.  All the flavours meshed together wonderfully...I've never met a reuben with coleslaw instead of sauerkraut that I didn't like!  Bacon added a nice touch and a little extra crispiness.  It almost made me want to ride the mechanical bull out of sheer excitement but that will have to wait for another day.Service was friendly and (at lunch time) quite fast.  And the waitresses all wear short shorts (sometimes with chaps) if you are into that sorta thing.
5	Had a great time here.  Band was awesome.  Service was good. Food was tasty! But there's a catch...............YOU HAVE TO LOVE COUNTRY MUSIC!
3	drinks weren't cheap. but, while we were here for march madness, they had $9 "jars" of rocky mountain pee water. not too bad. the nachos were good. the bartenders were cool. we came and left just in time for the line dancing to start. the place is on some weird floor that is not exactly easily accessible. the escalator was broken and we had to traverse the maze that is Harrahs and find the elevator. but, i'll give them the benefit that had we not be so inebriated, we may have found the place more expeditiously.
5	Love the mason jar margaritas....yum
4	Alcoholic beverages in Mason jars, yes please! Ya they are $18 but they are hefty and delicious! I tried the Georgia Peach and Whiskey girl and they were both very good! AND to top it off if you don't finish it they will give you a to-go cup!!! Only in Vegas :)Food is a little over-priced for what you get, in my opinion, but still it was good. Our waitress was super nice and pretty, you don't get that very often~ So needless to say we were thankful.I am not a fan of country, at all- but my friends are, either way I enjoyed coming here for dinner then leaving :)
5	Akron, Ohio.....My husband and I recently visited Vegas and stayed at Harrah's.  We ordered the nacho's for an appetizer, and also order a burger for each of us.  The nacho's were so huge it was enough for 4 people, and they were the best we've ever had.  Needless to say we could only take a couple of bites of our burger cause we were so full from the nacho's.  The burgers were amazing also.  We ate at many places while in Vegas for a week, and this place by far was our favorite.  Heard a rumor that there might be a I Love This Bar coming to Northeast Ohio...sure hope so!
3	Tried this place for the first time over the weekend with a group of friends.  We tried to put in a reservation for that night but was told reservations have to be made a day in advance.  WTF!?!?!  Anyways, the food was ok.  Wife tried the Burger, I had the Country Fried Steak......nothing special there.  Plain old American diner food served up at twice the price.  Their drinks though are pretty good.  32oz jars for $18 bucks a pop isn't a bad deal considering you're getting two drinks in one.  After one Whiskey Girl, the wife was trying to be first line when they offered free shots at the bar.The cover band was actually pretty good on a Saturday night, the only negative was once we started enjoying ourselves after dinner listening to the band next to the dance floor we were told we had to give up our table.  By that time the place was standing room only so we didn't bother sticking around.
1	I hate this bar and grill.  Seriously.We had some friends in town that had enjoyed Toby Keith's a few years ago and wanted to go back.  So we made the stop at Harrah's on a late Sunday afternoon.  On the way to the casino, I called ahead to make reservations.  You can't.  So I asked how busy they were, expecting the girl on the other end of the phone to tell me there would be a wait.  Instead, I was told "We are the opposite of busy."  Things weren't looking good already.We were immediately seated and I enjoyed the feel of the place.  I'm not into country music but I don't mind it playing in the background.  It's pretty much an Applebee's or TGI Fridays feel, except with a country theme.  But you can only enjoy the scenery for so long....We waited, and waited, and waited.  It took at least 15 minutes before our server even came over to greet us and get our drink orders.  Someone in my group wanted one of the specialty mixed drinks that are listed on the back of the menu (the ones that come in mason jars - 19 flipping dollars).  When my friend asked how much a 16-ounce version of the drink would be, she was told it was $12 but it would only come with a half a shot in it.  What??  I'm going to just say that we misheard or she misspoke, because that can't be right at all.  And the bad signs kept on coming....I would say a good half hour went by before we got our meals.  I ordered the quesadillas with veggies and they were awful.  DRIPPING in grease- I had to blot them with napkins just so I didn't get grease on my clothes.  It was served with some sad shredded iceberg, mushy chopped tomatoes, and a super boring poblano salsa.  I managed to eat half and then called it a day.  $13, but worth $0.My husband ordered the Ranch House Salad.  It claims to come with iceberg AND romaine, but there was only iceberg in that bowl.  Unless you're talking about a wedge salad, iceberg lettuce just screams cheap ingredients and that little thought went into making the salad.  He also got a couple of slices of tomato, a little bit of cheese and croutons, and about a tablespoon of corn.  On the side were two enormous containers of ranch dressing- you know, in case you want to eat 1200 calories in salad dressing during your meal.   $12, but worth about $6.We also got a side of fries for $5.  They were actually really good (especially with all the leftover ranch from my husband's salad) and the portion was pretty generous.My friends ordered the She's a Hottie Wrap and the Steak Sandwich.  I didn't hear anything good or bad about their food or the mason jar drink.We then proceeded to wait again for the check and for it to be brought back to sign once we paid.  Our drinks were refilled once the entire time we were there.When it was all said and done, my friend said that a few years ago it was a fun place to be.  Now there's just terrible service despite the fact that the place had zero customers.  There are typical overpriced menu items like you'll find all over the Strip and ridiculous price differences for Harrah's players card members vs. non-card customers.  Do yourself a favor and go next door to the Venetian and eat at Grand Luxe- similar food and price but better quality and service with a larger menu.  Toby Keith's will do if you are starving and have a broken leg and you can't hop any farther before you pass out from hunger.Oh, and there's a $6 charge if you want to split a meal with someone.  There should be crimes against stupid pricing like this.
1	Horrible!! Got there and hostess forgot to Add us to the wait list! Server was a total bitch! She was irritated when I asked for a different drink because the drink I had tasted old   She ROLLED her eyes and then when we asked for a manager some guy walks up and doesn't introduce himself and acts irritated  would not recommend this place ever and will never go back!!! Not worth wasting your time for! After 45 minutes of waiting for food we asked for to go bags Nd took our nasty tasting food with us! Threw most of it out!
2	We used to love this place but yikes it has gotten pricey and the food is not that amazing.  We spent $65 for two burgers, onion rings and a beer!  Even by vegas standards that is pricey for a couple of burgers!  The wait is long and the atmosphere is crazy noisy at best.  This used to be a favorite vegas stop, but I think I have been there for my last visit.
5	We came by on a Wednesday night specifically to hear the house band-The Tony Marques Band and enjoy a late dinner. The staff went out of their way to accommodate our group going so far as to setting up a table for us in an already closed station near the stage and dance floor so our family had a good view of the stage. Service was very good, our waitress was pleasant and attentive as was the rest of the staff. The food has gotten WAY better since I was last here. My niece had the BBQ Pulled Pork, I had a Fried Bologna Sandwich-minus the miracle whip, my daughter had the BBQ beef sandwich and the boys had the Turkey Bacon Club sandwiches. We were all impressed with how delicious our sandwiches were, much better than when we were here last summer. The boys especially enjoyed the new seasoned steak fries. My husband I have been here a number of times over the past few years, but it was first time bringing the kids-and they had a great time. We used to love this bar...but now we REALLY LOVE this BAR!!  Our family has a new favorite dinner spot for regular visits to Sin City!
4	Dined here June 2nd in the evening.  Music and atmosphere was good, but the food was just okay.  I expected a little more, but the band and drinks were a plus.
4	Being a chain and themed restaurant, our expectations were quite low when deciding on this place for lunch.  Needless to say, we were quite surprised and those expectations were quickly shattered.  Great food!  Highly recommend the chicken wings.
1	Was there last September. Atmosphere and service was dead lame. Toby Keith's I Love Me Bar and Grill.....
5	Being a big country music fan, I knew that I would enjoy this place before visiting, but I had no idea our whole group would fall in love with it like we did. The environment was awesome: country music playing with the wild bartenders doing tricks nonstop. Service was good, the waitress was pretty quick and knowledgable with the menu..she made a couple recommendations that turned out to be awesome. The food was top notch!! All 9 of us agreed that the fries were the best we had ever had. I got an old western burger that is up there as one of the top 10 hamburgers I have ever had. Everyone else had great things to say about the food. As for the prices, it's Vegas, of course they are going to be high. This was one of the cheaper dinners we had though, my burger and fries were only $15..I paid 20+ for muuuuch worse throughout the weekend. Looks like it would be a fun place to visit at night with the floor for line dancing and very entertaining bar tenders. I'm sure we will be visiting 'I love this bar' multiple times on our next Vegas trip!!
4	Firstly, everyone should know that Toby Keith has nothing to do with this location at Harrah's. He did sell his likeness to the group that does own this location. If you are looking for cheaper prices and a true Toby feel you should try the locations he does own in Oklahoma.I was told it would be about a 10 minute wait and they have some tables and chairs to sit and have a drink or just hang out while you wait to be seated. I ordered the "Fried Chicken Salad" and it was fantastic. It is so huge you can eat off it for 5 days! The ranch dressing was thick and delicious.I loved the country music playing and how other customers all sang along with the music together. When "Red Solo Cup" played everybody was singing and having a great time. They have many drink specials and for beer lovers they have special sizes just for you! With a players card I was able to get a discount off of my bill. If you want a good time this place is a must try!
2	Another Vegas tourist trap.  The buffalo wings we had were dry and flavorless, took way too long to get to the table, which might explain why they were kinda cold.  The pulled pork sandwich was ok.  The famous fried bologna sandwich could have been a lot better.  We sat at the bar so we expected better service than we got.  I'd rather get my beer than watch the bar tenders kill time spinning and throwing liquor bottles, but that's just me.  Stop in for a drink I suppose, if you want to pay that much for drinks ($7 for a miller lite).  We did enjoy the band and we like how active duty military personnel are treated, we did see a marine who just got married.  Other than those upsides, this place is not a hit.
3	I'm not reviewing the food, only my experience at the bar.Service was good, drinks were made quickly. They ran out of seagrams whisky, however, which is always a bummer. I ordered a vodka cranberry instead, which was extremely bitter. One was enough for me.The band that was playing was FANTASTIC. Seriously, theyw ere amazing. They play not only country, but a lot of rock, and even surprised us with their rendition of "ice ice baby"!I would go back for the band. And possibly the drinks, if I'm not paying for them myself again.
3	We went here twice while staying at Harrah's.  The first time was to have some drinks and listen to the band.  The band was excellent, and the drinks were made with generous pours.  They should be, my husband and I had 3 drinks each and he had a shot of JD with Honey,  the bill was $70, a bit pricey in my opinion.  The second time was to eat dinner.  My husband's active duty and got the free burger with fries and a beer, I got the fried catfish.  The food was very good, service was excellent.  I have to knock of a couple of stars for the overpriced drinks and for the price you should get your food served in something better than a wire basket.
5	Awesome atmosphere. Your family will love it. They had a live band and a free mouth shot at the bar when "I love this bar" comes on.
5	I loved this restaurant so much we ate dinner here 2 nights out of the 3 we were in Vegas. We stayed at The Cosmopolitan and we walked late the first night so it wasn't terribly hot all the way to Harrah's stopping to watch the cool sidewalk shows and random attractions of people.Then we walked the second  time in the early evening when it was about 107 out all the way to Harrah's again! Ridiculous walk! But worth it. Plus right outside of Harrah's there is a outside bar/club Carnaval I think it was called and they have a booth that makes enormous drinks for about 40$ and we got one of those to keep us company. ;)Good food, excellent service, great fun atmosphere. At first I was hesitant to go to a country based bar since that's never really been my cup of tea, but to my surprise, I had a great time! On Saturday night there was a live band singing cover songs, they did an excellent job! The woman could really sing! There were people swing dancing and line dancing all over. It was a good time. Our waitress was the little blonde woman, she had so much energy and was the sweetest cutest waitress ever. She rocked the heck out of her butt-less chap outfit with the rhinestone booty shorts! My husband and I ordered a hamburger and a quesadilla and split the two. Food was good. We also got the mason jar of the Georgia Peach. It was good, but a little bit too sweet for me. The second night (Sunday night) there was no live band, must be a Saturday only thing. We ordered Toby's Big Daddy Platter. It was delicious. I have never had deep fried macaroni and cheese balls, not sure if I would ever particularly order it but I loved it from there! I got a Ranch House salad (which was huge for the price). Don't remember exactly what my husband ordered but he loved it. We also got the boot souvenir drink cup this time filled with The Patriot I believe. We asked for the least sweet tasting one on the menu and it was delicious. Got to take the boot home back to California. This is a fun place for all ages! I will definitely come here again when I take another trip to Vegas. I forgot to mention this place is pretty affordable, the drinks were strong and fairly priced and the food was decently priced and you got a lot of it!!
5	I really do LOVE this bar! In my opinion this is the best bar around, and after last call you can just head on down to the Carnival Court which is open later!You can order your drink in a mason jar for $19. Seems pricey, but considering most drinks in Vegas are about $12 this is a really good deal. Every time I go there is a fun band playing, and in between sets the DJ will play a mix of music (not just country.) If you are lucky enough you will be there on a night where locals lead line dancing. Overall this is a really fun place and my favorite spot in Vegas.
1	OK, I have to say we were sitting at the bar and usually bartenders are a little slower when ordering your food. It wasn't busy at all and as expected, yeah it took awhile for the food to come out.  I asked for ranch three times for my fries from three different employees and never got it.  Again, it wasn't busy at all and the service was terrible. I hate when you can't get ranch with your fries.  Sandwich was below par also.
1	Really disappointing. Every year that we go to Vegas we have always made "Toby's I Love This Bar"  in Vegas(Harrahs) our first place we eat when we get into town. We always order the same thing " Steak dinner" anyways.....in the past it was probably one of the better steaks for the price in Vegas....not anymore. Our steak looked like something you get out of a TV dinner if that is possible? So small, dry and just not good at all. The cornbread was so dry you could hardly swallow it. And the salad well I have had better at Denny's....will not be going back next year nor will I continue to recommend it any of my friends.
2	This should be 2.5 starts. LOOONG wait. Good catfish, but not the best (it was a little mushy). Fries were tasty, and I liked the creamy sauce that was included (it wasn't tartar sauce though). The band was a lot of fun, and the singer kept coming around. He was a good charmer with the crowd.Although it was a nice time, it wasn't memorable enough to come back.
2	Ok, so I'm NOT into Country... Sure, I like a little Shania, a little Taylor Swift, and I know the words to "Friends in Low Places" but that's about as far as I go. But when you go to Vegas for someone's birthday, you do what the birthday girl wants. Only fair :)So like almost every other black person who gets talked into going to a Country bar, I was a little worried about being sidelined by the unfamiliar line dancing and stared down for having a lot of pigment.LOL! But lo and behold, the only line dance for the night was the electric slide! Got that! And there was a United Nations-ish range of diversity throughout the bar. Well, alrighty then! The drinks were ok, and the bar had a lot of seats.... no cover charge or waiting in line either. It's more casual attire than dressy.  Bartenders put on a good show - bottle flipping, stacked shots, free shots, and some kind of simulated fellatio act with a loud alarm for the bachelorette parties. Although I had fun with my friends, I was a little disappointed by the overall experience. Call me crazy, but it didn't seem "country enough." I mean, I wasn't expecting hay and cowboys, but the cover band was kid of a let down. They played some country hits, and some rock hits (Come on Eileen, Take on Me, etc) but they weren't that great and then they just started playing a couple hip hop songs to keep people dancing...but, hello, you can't really dance to a cover version of "California Love"....um no.My vote.... look for a legit C&W bar somewhere off the strip - not this commercialized space - or just go back to another swanky Vegas club...
2	Slowest. Service. EVER. Came here on a Sunday night, so it wasn't exactly busy. Took about 45 minutes to be seated, although there were several empty tables.  Server was super friendly, just not the greatest at her job. Food was just ok... Not bad, but not great. I had the Grilled Chicken Wrap, and I probably wouldn't order it again if I came back (which I probably never will). The water is super chlorine-y, so yuck. Fries were pretty tasty however. Took about another 30 minutes to get/pay our bill. Sorry Toby Keith - can't say that I love this bar....
3	Wanted a burger with my cousin and she's like Toby Keith so we ended up here. We started with the wings that were huge. Each had the wing and drum, and they were tasty. The buffalo sauce and the bbq were both fantastic. My cousin got the Rueben that left my mouth watering and I had the pulled pork. I added extra BBQ and it worked. The coleslaw and potato salad were just ok; the kind you'd get locally at the deli. The waitresses either wore tight cutoffs or chaps with no pants. They had one underwear/bathing suit material on the bottoms, and obvious people tend to like that. Overall not a bad place but sort of loud as they played Keith's music the entire time. Lots of TVs at the bar if you want to drink and catch a game though.
3	We went there this weekend to celebrate my daughter' s 21st birthday. We've got there at 8:30 pm and the place was not packed, with some tables available. We could not be seated immediately, because we were in a large group (14 people), and waited about 40 minutes to be seated, even though there was a large empty table right at the front of the bar. When we were accommodated, our server was nice and courteous. The live band started playing short after that and it was very nice. People were dancing and having a great time.Why am I giving a 3 stars review:1) we tried to make reservations in advance, but were informed that we had to pay upfront $45 per person, and that didn't include gratuity or tips.  We decided that this amount was way too much. Total to pay upfront would have been $630, and we thought that was not right. Some of us had drinks, some didn't, and we all ordered something to eat. Our final bill, including gratuity came up,to $334. So we were right, the amount to pay upfront is sort of...ridiculous. 2) We all agreed that this is the least country bar we ever had been. It is a nice place, but as touristy as it can be, and not very country. Bit disappointed about it, because even this being Vegas, we expected more.3) Prior to seating, my husband and I ordered beers on a mason jar. The selection was between Coors Lite and Miller Lite. Lame. They cost $18 (for both). Eighteen dollars for two LAME beers?? We expected this place to have a larger selection of tap beers, and would have been ok paying for them. But again, $18 for beers that are not specialty brews, seems a bit too much.4) Food was what we expected. Not great, but hey! Not everyone eats healthy and we were already aware of that. Overall, the experience was fun, but not great. We are not going back.
1	Three years ago when I started visiting Vegas on vacations I loved going to Toby Keith Bar because it had a great country feeling with a fun staff. The last two times I have come however it has been the complete opposite. The only reason it was so horrible the last two times was because of the bartenders. The first time I went we had a guy bartender who was giving attitude to every guy around us for no reason and only paid attention to hot girls who flirted with him. I would sit there forever waiting for a drink and when he finally got to me he got my order wrong and when I told him he told me I didn't tell him that drink and he made a big seen throwing my drink in the trash and giving me a dirty look. Later on in the night I saw him be rude to many polite customers and even kiss a few female customers which disgusted me since he had a wedding ring on. We came back the next time we were in Vegas hoping he wouldn't be there which he wasn't, thank God! Yet we ended up with the same problem. The bar was practically empty yet me and my husband waited fifteen minutes for a drink because the bartender was to busy flirting with two girls sitting at the bar. Every time this one girl took a sip of her drink he would pour a little more wine in. Then when he finally got to us all I asked for was a malibu and coke and he somehow screwed it up and I couldn't get his attention again to tell him so I had to go to another section of the bar to tell another bartender.Sorry I know I am rambling on but I have been to a lot of bars in my life and have never been so angry by the service of a bartender. I use to love this place but I highly doubt I will ever go back because the bartenders care more about getting girls than keeping customers happy.
1	This was by far one of the worst meals I've ever attempted to have in Vegas. I ordered the fajitas, the meat tasted old and was very chewy. I set it aside after just one bite. My friend ordered the chicken salad wrap, tons of dressing and lettuce, small amount of chicken but the best part was the used lemon wedge that she found inside the wrap after just one bite.  Gross!! The prices were way too expensive for the quality of the food. The manager came over, quietly apologized and removed the items from our bill, but not from the table, and  failed to check back on us or even acknowledge us as we passed him on the way out. Our server was nice but that is about the only good thing I can say about the place.
3	A typical bar food fare, though a great break from the typical Las Vegas restaurant experience. Reasonably priced, great service, great pulled pork sandwich!
2	I waited longer for a table than I would have expected given that the place wasn't quite full. The food was very slow to arrive, as well. The Cajun Shrimp appetizer was decent -- a large portion, served hot, with a tasty dipping sauce. I believe the menu description is inaccurate in that the shrimp itself is not spiced at all. Not to say it's bad, just not what I was expecting.The veggie wrap -- admittedly, not what most patrons are going to order in the land of excess that is Las Vegas -- was awful. The filling was about 95% shredded lettuce, with a few other bits of stuff thrown in for color, and a dressing that was not so much bland as just yucky. I considered sending it back, but it was nearly the only thing on the menu that didn't used to have hooves. By which I mean, I didn't have a lot of vegetarian-ish choices.The service was slow throughout the meal, and the waitress had a habit of timing her drive-bys when I had a mouthful of food and couldn't say anything. As fast as she was moving, you'd think she'd make it back around more frequently, but no. Don't let your drink glasses get empty, as you'll be sitting there thirsty for a while.All that said, the setting is lively, especially later at night when there's a band on stage. I'm not a fan of country or western, but I'd watch just about any good band live. If you're just going for a quick meal, you're better off elsewhere (e.g. next door at Imperial Palace there's a decent homestyle mexican place).
3	I was in search of a convenient late late and stumbled upon this country and western music theme restaurant. Let's give it a go! The menu here is burgers and more burgers and is trying hard to make a  memorable impression: drinks served in novelty red plastic cowboy boots (definitely my kinda place! Joke!) Oddly, the water is served in Mason jars. Since that's retro chic I was surprised, as there's nothing chic about this place. Some burgers come stabbed with a steak knife to hold them together.  Another surprise was the hostess lady - she walks around in cowboy chaps which isn't that big a deal, but she only wore a pair of modest black knickers underneath, like a bikini bottom. You can't help but stare! This was probably the oddest addition to this potentially wholesome restaurant - a cheeky bit of Vegas twist I guess. Another bit of the entertainment is the music videos playing on the screens. All country music and probably lots of Toby Keith stuff.My turkey burger with advocado was ok. It bet it would've tasted better with the fries. I got the potato salad which did seem homemade and not from a plastic box, but who knows what's real in Vegas! :) My waitress said the burger came with fruit, but I didn't see any in my basket. I paid around $15 for the pleasure of this ok/average burger.
3	Met some friends here for drinks and to hang out for a bit.  The joint is tucked away on the 2nd floor of Harrah's in the back near the entrance to the Monorail.  It's too small to be a club.....about 1/2 the size of Gilley's.  The food here is OK bar food.  Our friends ordered some Wings and I sampled a few....they weren't bad, just OK.  Same goes for the Fries.  Since I didn't pay, I didn't catch the price.The waitresses are supposed to be cute/hot....but only 1/2 of them were.  The others looked a little "sloppy".  I hate saying that, but if you're going to put your staff in sexy outfits, I'd make sure they are able to meet high standards....especially in Vegas.Overall, the food/experience was just OK.  The best part is the music.  The joint feels very 'touristy'.  I'd give it another chance under the right circumstances.Return Factor - 50%
2	What happened?  This used to be a great bar.  I stay at Harrah's because of this bar, but this past week, I was sorely disappointed.  The drinks are really expensive, the staff seems pissed off, the bar is getting run down, and overall, it isn't what it once was.  The bands were pretty good, except early in the week.  However, the DJ music on breaks was ear drum splitting loud!  Now, this bar is just another overpriced, dark, dingy bar with pissed off staff.  I used to "love this bar", but no more.  There's a better bar two blocks north.
5	Pretty cool country western bar located on the 2nd floor inside the Harrahs Casino.Free to get in, and some live music.  The night i stopped by, the band playing was Cash Presley..  Pretty good band.Get ready to get your honky tonk on if you come here.Drinks, well, lets just say, a bud light was 6.50...but hey, its Vegas..
4	Was looking for a quick bite to eat at the hotel, and since there weren't too many options, we came by here. Large and lively, waitresses dressed in chaps, you got a sense of the Southwest feel here.Huge mason jars of water or soda, I saw a table nearby with nachos. I had asked the waiter if it was a half or full order, and he said half. It was HUGE! And it was only $8! I was set on that, and a friend also ordered their fried mac and cheese balls. Was excited to try it!The fried mac and cheese ball was dissapointing. Flavorless, even with their spicy ranch sauce.When our entrees came out, they were HUGE! No one could finish their food! My nachos were really good, was quite surprised, and we could barely put a dent in it. Their french fries, although could be cooked a little longer, were really tasty as well.All in all, a good cheap meal, and we left just as the live band started rocking out. A p plus is using your Total Rewards card for a discount as well.
3	Met up with my friends who were staying in Harrah's. Immediately was served a pour of a fruity mixed drink by one of the bartenders roaming around the top of the bar. Then my friends proceeded to get me drunk by ordering a shot of vodka, which was HALF of one of those plastic cups. Literally, was enough for me. However, bartenders were either "busy" with the "regulars" or the others where their names were known, but did not pay attention much to us three. They did end up giving us a "girly" drink with whipped cream and gave us a laugh or two toward the end of the night.
5	When you come to vegas.... you hope to see a few things... 1) Large portion of food 2) Hot girls 3) Celebrities...this place has all 3!Large Portions: The food is amazing! Its not a buffet, but everything on the menu is made texas style... BIG! Toby Keith must be a hungry man cause there's no way you can leave that place and NOT be extra full w/ leftovers!Hot girls: the waitresses... super hot here! In addition to that, they are super nice, fast, and attentive. They don't pressure you to upsale you and very familiar with the menu items. I asked them questions about the steak and they were able to answer it!Celebrities: Eventhough Toby wasn't there... There's live music there! You feel like you're in a special concert with a meal. There was a cover band that was there that did a really good job playing some country music. Would definitely go back again!
4	Hell yeah!Stumbled across this little gem after drunkingly exiting the monorail one night last weekend and was quite impressed. Beer served in mason jars, yes! Live cover band that was actually good(and I don't even like country music), yes! Bartenders doing tricks like the bartenders at TGI Friday's used to, yes!I would definitely go back here. Yeeeeee haaaaw!!!
1	Stopped in here with my girlfriends during my bachelorette weekend because one claimed it was a really fun spot.  We were up at the bar trying to decide what to drink and the bartender was getting so annoyed with us he started throwing napkins at us and slamming down his drink mixer on the bar. So sorry - the bar wasn't even busy - it's not like we were taking up space from customers who were waiting to order a drink.I've never experienced such a rude bartender in my entire life - I guess I shouldn't expect much from something associated with Toby Keith. yuck.
4	Wow the portions of food were very generous.  We had a table of 7 and we ordered the fried mac n cheese as an appetizer.  I would have never tried this if it weren't for someone at the table that said you gotta try this!  It was very good indeed!  No one was able to finish thier food except two at the table that ordered soup.  I ordered 1/2 order of Nachos that looked like it could serve 3 for sure!  My friend orderd chicken fried steak w/mash potatoes & gravy and it looked great and he said it was very good. The chicken & dumpling soup, tortilla soup also looked great and my friends both finished and loved it.  Alcoholic beverages we served in big glass canning jars so the % of alcohol to mixer was week but overall the ambiance and food was great!  Would do it again!
5	Check this place out. The drinks are fantastic! They have a live band, I believe every night... Good service at the table and at the bar. We had a great time. Went there 2 nights in a row.  Country music makes you happy :)
4	Really good, cost effective specials and the steak was amazing
1	Bad service. Burger terrible. Wrong order. Main meal came out before appetizer. Sorry but never going back again. Server didn't even care we did not eat our food and the check had items we did not get.
1	If I could give this place a 0 I would. Horrible (read NO) service, overpriced and just a bad experience. We stat at at table at the end of the bar, no one ever came to the table while we were there for an hour. We stood at the self service station at the end of the bar for 15 minutes. One beer and 3 cocktails (nothing out of the ordinary) was $50. The bartender was an arrogant ass. Lots of other options in Vegas...skip this bar.
2	Horrible location. Scantily clad waitresses. Slow service. Food was alright but way overpriced (but I guess that's the Vegas theme.) It was trying to be country music's version of Hard Rock Cafe except everything was Toby Keith this, Toby Keith that, for obvious reasons. The longer I sat there, the more I thought Toby Keith was a douchebag for having restaurants focused on himself.
3	Wow, this place is packed.  Love the beer in Mason jars, and the live country music.  But  a very super random crowd.  (To the fat girl in assless chaps, uh, no).  No cover, hard to find upstairs in a cheap hotel past an escalator.
5	Good food, Nice service and a Cool Store on the side. Tons of Toby Keith Memorabilia and the Girls....Wooo!
2	I have been to this location twice and have had two similar experiences. The first time I was with my wife and the half the food we ordered was disappointing. Unfortunately the ribs were the most expensive and disappointing part of the meal! We shared a huge nacho appetizer and they were good. The server was great.The second time I was in a group and the food was all average. Nothing stood out and nobody in the group had good things to say when leaving. There was a fair variety of meals ordered from fish and pork to burgers. It was just average chain restaurant food. The server sucked but was wearing assless chaps and underwear. That seems good till she bends over pick up a fork dropped at the table next to you. That is interesting to say the least! They do have fair priced drinks. They use mason jars for beers and mixed drinks which is pretty cool. My wife once ordered a mason jar mixed drink for around 14 dollars and it was to strong for her. I tried it and it was on the strong side, but I would rather that than the alternative. All in all, I will not return to this location for dinner, maybe for drinks and appetizers at best...
2	During my trip to Vegas my wife and I came here twice. Once to just sit at the bar and a second time with some friends for lunch.Bar visit...good. Pricy, but the bartenders were fun and the drinks were made well. Plus, a free shot when "I love this bar" played.Restaurant...poor. Service was slow and didn't communicate with us well. When we talked to the hostess about the slow service, her explanation was that it was busy and they only had one kitchen. What? You design your place so that you can serve it. Yes it was busy, but it wasn't a surprise. Finally the food came and was subpar. The manager gave us a break on the meal, but we won't be going back for sure. YOu can apologize all you want, but until the changes in staffing, service, and cooking are made, it won't matter.
5	CALLING ALL WHISKEY GIRLS AND AMERICAN GUYSYou're going to have to be a fan of country music to enjoy yourself here. A large screen playing music videos and some smaller ones all around with both tunes and NASCAR, will be the background noise to your dining experieince.  Loves it!  I first saw one of these places while driving through Nashville and have been wanting to eat here ever since!The girls working are in chaps and the eye candy was excellent! Our server was Rhonda and she did a fantastic job. Totally on top of it and delivered great service through the whole meal. I ordered a house salad ($11.99) and when it arrived I could tell it would feed me another meal or two, so I asked for a to-go container before dressing it. She brought me one (which I filled with salad) and even brought me a lid for the extra dressing. They must get this a lot! The two cups of dressing were huge!My husband had some sort of big club sandwich that he enjoyed ($15.99). We both had a drink and enjoyed the large mason jars - you don't have to check on a table as often because it takes longer to empty a drink (not sure why some places use such small glasses). With our check, Rhonda brought to-go cups as well and made sure our glasses were full.  When you're paying $3.50 for each glass this makes you feel a little better about it.  That's expensive beveraging!! Service was superior to most places of similar value. And it wasn't just her, we saw lots of hard-working employees and bussers. Everyone doing their job well and providing a pleasant dining atmosphere. Sign up for a player's card! Your Total Rewards card from Flamingo works in the Harrah's Hotel where this Grill is. We didn't realize this and so we missed out on a couple of dollars savings from each meal. Bummer! They must be sister hotels - wish I'd known that it worked at more than one! It was too late by the time we figured this out.($37.81 for lunch)
1	I make sure I stop in every time I'm in Vegas, but not after my last time.   Bartender made terrible drinks and wouldn't stand by them, the food came out cool and the prices have jump through the room.   Don't know what's changed but I'm not going back
5	This bar lives up to its name. I do love this bar!! It has such a great vibe. Live music nightly and plenty of room to dance or people watch. The servers and bar tenders are friendly and you can come dressed super casual or dressed up no judgement.
2	My 2 favorite things about this place are the Buffalo Cheese sticks, and the mason jar alcoholic drinks. The cheese sticks are made with jack and bleu cheese, and I believe when they are breaded, they are dipped in buffalo sauce. They come with either ranch or bleu cheese dressing, and they are a great twist to the traditional mozzarella sticks. The mason jars are on the expensive side, avg. $19, but they are big and last a while. They have good burgers, and yummy crispy steak fries, and almost every meal is a little over-sized.  My biggest gripe is the service, all of the hostess' and waitress' are women, and many of them are snotty. First off, they are walking around with chaps and their asses hanging out, that might be one of the reasons for their uptight attitude, and they can be very rude. The most recent time my husband and I came here with my in-laws, our waitress was horrible. She never cracked a smile, rammed into my purse almost knocking it down (it was hanging on my chair and she didn't apologize or even look back), and she forgot my mother-in-law's drink because, "oh, uh, someone just handed me back there check and I haven't had a chance to pick up your drink from the bar." Have someone else run it for you half wit! She's lucky my father-in-law paid, because I would not have left her sour-puss face 1 red cent. Don't like your job? Your ass is cold? Find another one, don't take it out on the customers tipping you=common sense.If I didn't like those cheese sticks so much, I'd probably never come back. I'll most likely sit at the bar from now on, because the bartender's are usually a little nicer then the last 2 waitress we've had the displeasure of having.
4	I love this bar
1	I "did not love this bar" Toby's place in OK City is great, this place is its polar opposite!  Was seated quickly then left &forgotten. Sat for 25min without so much as a hello or can I get you a drink? Toby Keith would of been very disappointed with this lack of hospitality. We got up, told the manager why we were leaving, then left.
4	Toby's is an awesome little dance hall and bar. The live bands and dj are always good and keep you entertained. The bar is a little pricey but the drinks are to die for.
4	If you love country, this is the place in Vegas for you!My boyfriend surprised me and took me to Vegas for my birthday and it was my first time at the Toby Keith bar. I'd heard about it from friends who loved it and I sure loved it too. The bar is very big with lots of tables and a dancing area to dance to the live band. I didn't get any food since we all just wanted to get drinks. The staff was friendly and served quickly. The music is loud and the drinks are strong! They're a little expensive but I guess it makes sense since they're served in huge mason jars. Seriously they're huge and really heavy and I'm not complaining. I got a long island for $30 in a big mason jar and it's totally worth it.We stayed for quite a while dancing until a little after the band took a break. This place has a great vibe and an awesome atmosphere. I'll definitely be returning when I come back to visit.
4	April 28, 2013 Sunday - dinner 7:30 PM4 adults Atmosphere - 5 starsFood - 4 starsService - 3 starsBackground - Been to the Kansas City location a long time ago and enjoyed the meal.Atmosphere - A bar and restaurant, by the time we finished dinner the band was performing.  Food  Appetizer - none.   My Main Course - The BBQ Chicken Sandwich was good but put together sloppily.  The chicken was a quarter of the way out of the bun.   Dessert - noneService - No pager system, really! The hostess took our name and asked how many people, 4 clearly as they had no others near the hostess stand.  They finally paged us over the speaker system, Paul party of two.  I went up and talked to a guy, I said I am Paul but a party of 4.  He said "I was just testing you", really that tells me you can not take the right number down.  They seated us immediately telling me that they are not managing their tables correctly.  Our waitress was good but had to ask for our player cards back, they should been in the bill folder or given back when associated with the bill.Future - Maybe if they have a good house band.
3	I've ate here quite a few times. Sometimes I get excellent food and service, sometimes it's terrible. At night it is extremely loud (don't go there to hold a conversation) and it takes forever to put your order in, get a drink, and get your meal. It's not so bad earlier in the day, especially weekdays when it's less crowded. I usually get the steak and it's quality is usually great but not consistent. The burgers are excellent according to my husband.
2	This restaurant has a fun upbeat atmosphere but terrible food. The menu is really large and has many heavy fattening choices.Went with a group of 4 and ordered:App: Full size beef nachos-- This was actually good and we finished itEntrees: Fried Bologna Sandwich, Ruben Sandwich, and half of a BBQ Chicken.The Ruben Sandwich had to be sent back right away. It was had more bread than meat. The meat and coleslaw was totally flavorless. The bread was huge Texas Toast that was soaked in butter. This was replaced with a bowl of Tortilla Soup that was edible but still lacking  flavor.The Fried Bologna Sandwich was pretty much the same as the Ruben. All butter soaked Texas Toast and a slab of fried bologna with no flavor. We did not send this back, but only half was eaten.Now on tho the BBQ Chicken plate. Can we say RAW chicken? When the BF ripped into this it was dripping blood. There were some small pieces that were cooked but for the most part it was raw and bloody. They tried to say it was because they smoked their chicken. Listen, I know the difference between smoked chicken ( which is pink) and bloody raw chicken. Totally disgusting and not worth going back. The BF was sick all night and serving raw chicken is dangerous!
5	We got winners, we got losersChain smokers and boozersAnd we got yuppies, we got bikersWe got thirsty hitchhikersAnd the girls next door dress up like movie starsBut I love this barIt's my kind of placeJust trollin' around the dance floorPuts a big smile on my faceNo cover charge, come as you are -Toby Keith LyricsI'm in love with this place. This was my 1st time and I can not wait to come back and try the steak entree. I ordered the meatloaf and was more than over joyed with the abundance of flavor and how tender and fresh the entire meal was! It came with your choice of one side, fresh vegies, corn bread, and rolls :) They offerer a lighter side menu, which includes a turkey burger that looked to die for,  and came with the most amazing french fries!!! The service was the sad part of this experience, the waiter was neglecting our table to say the least. He had a few larger parties he was dealing with at the same time and focused on them a lot. I will not knock a star down because of this one waiter in there restaurant because the rest of the waiters looked on point and were nothing but friendly. There is a large bar area, and some room for dancing, large screen tvs for country music videos and plenty of pictures of Toby Keith :) There is also a gift shop located right next door that has a bunch of cleaver take home gifts and reasonable prices. What are you waiting for all you country fans, and food junkies..go go go!
4	Excellent, friendly service. Really make you feel at home.
3	We came here for dinner twice on our trip since it was right in our hotel.  The first time the food and the service were amazing - if based solely on that experience this would've been a 5 star review - but the second time we came in the service was awful and the food was just as bad - so if based on that this would be a 1 star review!The first trip - the staff were great and always around.  They were quick and everything came out right.  The fried mac & cheese comes out in an amazing beer batter - these were the best I've ever had.  The bbq burger I had was massive and cooked just right.  They have some of the best french fries.  The guest I was with had the chili burger without the bread - good thing there was no way you could pick that up and eat it!  2 burgers,  2 regular drinks and an app for just over $30 not bad at all!The second trip - it was later in the night and they weren't crazy busy but we waited over 20 minutes even though there were some open tables.  Then we waited quite some time for our waitress.  We gave our order and waited - the mac & cheese was just as good.  The burgers however were bad... I asked for mine medium well (should have been just past pink) - it was like a hockey puck.  My guest asked for hers medium and got one just past medium well.  We couldn't catch our waitress for over 10 minutes after our meals came out at which point there was no way we were waiting for them recook them.  They did make this right and take one of them off our bill... but at this point the dinner was ruined.They do take off $1-$2 off each item if you have a total rewards card.  This place is extremely loud at night due to the live music and dancing - it is a bar after all so don't expect less.  I have also been in here on crazy nights when bras are hanging from the bar - so I wouldn't recommend bringing kids in here at night!
1	The place was dirty, staff was very slow to serve/take care of customers ( the bar only had about 15 people in it ). We ordered nachos as an appetizer, when they arrived they were cold the chicken tasted like something out of a can the meat I'm assuming was hamburger was bland and had a hint of taco seasoning on it and of course we had nachos without any plates, napkins or silverware......The total tab two beers and nachos was over $ 35.00 before tip, if you want to see I love this bar for yourself save your money walk in turn around and walk out !
4	We went here for dinner and were lucky that a live band was setting up to play.  We started off with a half order of nachos.  Luckily, we only ordered a half order!  They were huge, but yummy.  We also had ordered burgers which were really good, but huge as well.  We both can eat quite a bit, but could not finish what we ordered.  Should have split a dinner.  Everything was good.  We also ordered beer and margaritas in the mason jars.  Pricey, but huge.  The band was good and lots of people dancing to their music and the DJ's on their break.We love this bar and definitely would go back.
4	Really delicious burger and drink (toadfish pond or something like that). All around good.
5	If you want to have a blast of a time in Vegas without a pretentious atmosphere, this is your place! They have a live band from 9 pm - 2 am. Probably the most fun I had the entire time I was in Vegas. Pros: fried mac & cheese balls, 32 oz drinks in mason jars, killer dance floor and live bandCons: hard to get service from the assless chap clad wait staff during dance hours. Gotta muscle your way to the bar unless you're ordering a full dinner.
3	The food is good, as well as the bands. But sometimes the servers are lost in wonderland. Last time it took over 30 minutes to get a burger.
5	On my friends bday this past June, we roamed the Las Vegas strip (in the 100+ degree weather) looking for a fun casual place to celebrate. After walking into a few very expensive bars, I suggested Toby Keith's I love this bar and grill not only because I love Toby Keith BUT i also LOVE country music! Once we walked in, I knew it was going to be great night! They were playing dance music during the intermission of a live country band! Their drinks were in mason jars, and the beer was only $8 served in a HUGE mason jar! I ordered a round of drinks and our bartender was extremely friendly When I ordered my 2nd round of shots, I engaged in a coversation with mr.bartender who asked what we were doing in vegas all the way from HI. I told him about my friends bday and he did this fun red yellow green 7 shot pour and gave it to us for free! Then he asked me if I wanted to try! Of course I shouted HELL YESS! Most fun ever! Pro: Great customer serviceInexpensive drinksGreat music (live and dj)CleanCon:bathroom is located outside of the bar (right next door)
5	This place was great. Band playing was good and played for a while. Had drink special $15 all u can drink for ladies. Not very big but wasn't terribly crowded. Plenty of room to dance
1	I hate this place! The service was ok. The food came out an hour later and half of it was cold and the other half came out overcooked or burnt, and just wrong.  And even if it was cooked right, it would've been mediocre at best taste-wise. Save your money and go somewhere else!!
3	mmm-mmm-mmm, I'm ambivalent about this bar...On the plus side, we ate here after escaping a shady time-share sales pitch down the hall. We were so happy about getting out of there with our wallets intact that we were giddy to eat here. The bartender said that most of his customers came in straight from the timeshare pitch to get hammered and complain about being suckers.On the minus side, the food is for suckers. It's overpriced, although a Total Rewards card knocks off a dollar or two, and it's not that good.On the plus side, the mason-jar sized drink got my wife drunk enough to be very entertaining, but not so drunk that she hit the point of diminishing returns. So the bartender gets props for hitting the sweet spot.
4	I'm not going to lie, I loved this place.If you want beer, bbq, drink from a mason jar, and to listen to country music while watch waitresses in chaps, this is the place to be!  If you don't like those things, well you probably won't like this bar then.I got the appetizer plater and my girlfriends got a bbq plater.  All the food was good and our waitress was super nice.  The ambience was great, and it reminded me of home (I grew up on a ranch in Northern California).  Also they have a giant screen playing country music videos and we were all singing a long when we were here.  Overall, a fun place to catch dinner!
3	Very accommodating servers - our server felicia was AMAZING.  she went out of her way to make sure everything was PERFECT.  Huge waters in a mason jar - and great beers, country music, and super fun atmosphere.  this is a very typical american tex/mex type place with beers and fatty food.  i had a great time!!! the reason for the 3 stars was the lack of vegan options. COME ON TOBY - vegans like tex/mex too - maybe some quick fixes would be taking the pork out of the black beans, having the rice be vegan (no chicken stock/butter) and then just offering a tofu option with the fajita.
1	Overpriced and disgusting. The two perfect words to describe this place! If you're coming just to drink or look at the waitresses, this is the place for you. But if you want decent food, please save your time and go elsewhere.
4	I enjoyed my visit here. My Server, Matt, was very good. Friendly and professional. If you liked southern brewed sweet iced tea, which isn't available in the Northeast where I live, you will enjoy it here. I had the fried catfish, coleslaw and fries. Two decent sized catfish fillets that were hot and tasty as hell! Fries were your average fries. Though, I have had better coleslaw. For dessert, I had the pecan pie which was delish! Stop by the Toby store next door too. Plenty of 2XL shirts here to be had.
1	$42 for three vodka/tonics???  These were NOT in a mason jar, just a normal size.  What a ripoff.There was an average (at best) band playing and an overcrowded dance area (that could have been made larger if they moved some tables).There were tons of drunk people.  I mean really drunk, like people had to hold them up.  I will not be back.  I really wanted to like the place but just wasn't feeling it.
2	I really wanted to love this place, because I really love Toby Keith... but I didn't love anything about it. What words can I use to describe this place... awkward, skeevy, Denny's quality, ass-less chaps. I get that some people want a sexy girl to serve them, but when you're sitting at a table and one comes walking up, you're basically giving your order to their pants-less crotches. I also ordered one of those cocktails in a mason jar, and it was so damn sugary. Overall, I would be willing to try a different location, but I'll probably pass on going to this one again.
3	We were really hungry last night, saw this place and figured it would be ok.  My husband and I were surprised.  I never had catfish before.....delicious!  Hubby's 2 fried chicken breasts.....MOIST, fantastic flavor!  Neither of us listen to country music.  Have no clue as to Toby Keith's connection to restaurants ( other than selling his name).  Just know that we had a delicious meal.  :-D
5	The ex got me a tank top here that I still wear and my main key ring is a big fake diamond ring with a tag that says "High Maintenance Woman" - yeah, pretty accurate. But I have never eaten here before this summer. I came in just before lunch on a weekday and it wasn't busy. I grabbed a seat at the bar with intentions of gambling while I ate. I also watched part of a baseball game next to a gent wearing some Giants gear.I ordered the buffalo wings, extra crispy but they weren't that crispy. The sauce was pretty good though. I did stick with a water as I didn't get back to my room until 4 or so in the morning. And how appropriate that it was served in a Red Solo Cup. ("Let's have a party!) The bartenders were entertaining and very casual. They also had a huge projector screen in the back and country music playing. Not just by Toby either so that was nice. I love me some country music so I was A-OK with the entertainment. I'd come back.
5	I have never eaten here. Every time I have come here, its like 10 PM or later, I'm already drunk, and I have an amazing time. They have a band that plays and a DJ to play when the band is taking a break. The big drinks are served in Mason Jars. Which I'm kind of a sucker for. Strong drinks, fun bartenders, country music, and so much fun. I seriously love this place. I wish they had a bathroom inside, but its not really uncommon to not have a bathroom inside in Vegas. I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.
1	Food was ok. Staff was very unhelpful, wouldn't seat our group because not everyone was going to be ordering a full meal. Made us move when we sat in the bar. Made everyone come to the bar to place their orders, never got any help from a waiter or waitress.
3	I visited this bar about 9 months ago and was pretty disappointed with the staff, prices, cleanliness, and quality of the entertainment.  I revisited last week, and found that aside form the stupid high drink prices, the band was quite good, the staff was friendly and attentive, and it's cleaner.  James was a good bar tender.  If they only had reasonable drink prices, I would have spent more time there.  $7-8 for a domestic beer is just too much!
2	My wife and I celebrated our 7 year anniversary and the only pace she wanted to go was Toby Keith's bar.  Huge Huge disappointment.  The burger was just ok, her chicken was ok and we were very disappointed.  There is a Toby Keith's Bar just outside of Chicago and it is 10xs better.  Spend your time to eat somewhere else and just go there for drinks after.  It was a Saturday and College Football was on so no music was playing.  Beware if you want music and sports games are on.
1	terrible bar! way too loud!
4	I was extremely surprised at how good my food was.  I had the rib and wings combo and it was really good.  My brother got the boot and I could not believe how much alcohol was poured into one drink.  He really enjoyed it.  Ha ha  The one issue I saw was their service.  I saw a lot of the bartenders and wait staff either sitting talking to one another or talking "too long" to just one customer.  They are friendly but when I need a drink I don't need you to be talking to another customer for 15 mins.  Great food but service stinks.  Make sure to bring your players card.  You get like $2 off each entree...
2	Not local friendly.not very accommodating for groups larger than 6 or so.average staff at best. Foods ok,service needs work.I would not recommend this place.
2	I love a good country song but I do not love this bar and grill.  The prices are very high for the portions you get.  Everything I have tried has been bland and overcooked.  The restaurant makes the big mistake made by many similar chains.  It tries to do too much.  There are far too many items on this menu for the staff to be able to get them all right. The real Toby Keith's in OK have smaller menus and better quality.  This is the PBR tourist trap and has almost no character.    Many better choices in town.
1	Very few good choices at Harrahs. Figured it might be ok given the simple faire. Likeable staff, the usual loud sports stuff, but still places not quite full volume if you look around. Food is unfortunate as you expect in Las Vegas. Indifferent prep and presentation.  Buying less expensive entree would probably be a better call to reduce the ripped off sensation that really adds to the insult.  Beware of being offered a "double" when ordering drinks. Not only is the price double, but they then add another "double fee" on top of that. The drink costs more than a rib eye dinner!  Pretty clever.  Good place to go if you like loud, mediocre and don't care what it costs to get it.
4	Can get pretty busy. Prices are decent, TR members save $1 or 2 per menu item.We were told it was a 25 minute wait but I showed my Diamond card and was seated right away.  The service we had was really great- our server was clearly super happy to work there. Then there was another server who was wearing assless chaps. Luckily she had a nice butt, but kids don't need to see that so don't bring them here. There's a lot of good people watching here. Also, the small older Asian busser guy was REALLY great and deserves a raise.Food was good- portions were pretty big. The torilla soup was yummy, as was the prime rib and twice baked potato.
1	OMG please do not believe the reviews..We did and $7.00 for a deep fried twinkie.  Plus we asked for ribs..reply sorry no more available, salad sold out...who are you kidding..The service was terrible and the cost was over $100.00 , one hamburger and shared a Turkey Club, one soda and two ice tea drink. I do not know who is writing these reviews..are you working for Toby Keith's bar and grill...Please waste your money somewhere else.
5	Holy cow! Good food, great live music, ambiance is kickin! Service is not shabby either. Get the nachos!!! OMG $11.99 with a rewards card and they fill 3 people.
2	Don't get me wrong, the food was good.  Decent.  I mean, it was typical brewery-type food: burgers, steak, etc.  I thought the waitress uniforms were pretty cheesy, and in general I kind of hate Toby Keith, so maybe that colored my perception of the place.The food probably warranted a 3 but the service was quite slow and not super friendly, and again...just as irritating as a Toby Keith song ;)
4	I came in tonight for a solo dinner.  I was seated right away (because I made a reservation) and then I waited.  After about 5 minutes my waitress came over. At first I was a little annoyed that I waited so long to be acknowledged but then she was really nice and friendly. The food was good and came pretty quick considering how busy they were.All in all I would recommend stopping by for dinner if you are in the area.
5	The food was so good and the portions were really big! The live music was great and all of the servers were friendly. Can't wait to go back!
1	I appreciate Toby Keith's musical ability, but if this restaurant is any indication of his culinary skills, he needs to hang em up. This place is horrible. Server recommended the steak, it was bad quality, mac and cheese was a step above Kraft. Pepsi products as well. My wife's nachos were literally inedible,  she had to send em back which she never does. If we hadn't had a free meal coupon from a timeshare thing, we never would have come after seeing the reviews, and now even with the coupon we wouldn't come back.
1	If you have a choice DON'T DINE HERE. Toby Keith I HATE YOUR BAR & GRILL. I would rather stay home and get a third degree burn in my mouth from a Lean Pocket than ever dine at this type of place, but sometimes it's not about what I want. It was my sister's birthday and her and my mother love country music and Toby Keith in particular. My mom had mentioned she wanted to take my sister here so I took the bull by the horns and made it happen. Big mistake.We all know there are outstanding restaurants on the strip that are worth every over priced dime that you spend. Not this one. This falls into the other category. The Over Priced Food That Just Sucks Themed Restaurants.Still, I can get past the price just to make people I love happy, but not this time. In a nutshell.The food wasn't terrible. My sister ordered meatloaf potato skins with gravy for our appetizer. This was creative, yet under seasoned, but still I was thinking this would be cool to recreate at home for one of my dinner parties. Maybe with sweet potatoes.Next we each had a sandwich which does not include fries and my sister added fries. My sandwich was a grilled BBQ chicken sandwich which wasn't terrible at all. I could only eat half and brought the rest of the chicken home to my dog. One Coke, two well drinks and $95 LATER!!!!!!! Fuck me.Like I said, I can get over the price, but the waitress broke my number one rule. IT WAS A BIRTHDAY AND SHE DID ABSOLUTELY NOTHING FOR MY SISTER. Not that we expected a lap dance or Toby Keith to serenade us in tight jeans, but something! I made it a point to tip the busser and have her tell the waitress about the birthday (let me say those girls are the ones hustling in this joint) . The waitresses merely take your order and then hand you your check at the end. Other than that they do shit. It's all about the bussers. Our busser  was on point and I know she told the waitress. Well Sue or Suzie our blonde waitress brought me the bill and I mentioned it to her and she just looked at my sister and said, "Happy Birthday". I wanted to rip her Lee Press-On nails right off. Well, I tipped her accordingly and then tipped the busser again.If mediocre, overpriced, under seasoned bar food and country music is your thang than you will be in hog heaven with the trailer park beauties servin' it up. If you are looking to spoil someone you love on their birthday with a simple scoop of vanilla ice-cream and a feckin' candle than do not come here.
1	Worst. Service. Ever. And outrageously overpriced.We waited 20 minutes for water that never arrived. We had to go up to the bar to order all of our food and drinks because there was no actual server in our section. (The guy we asked for water just said yes to appease us; he was a bartender.) No server in 1/3 of the restaurant for Sunday night Football??3 bartenders working and I still stood and waited 12 minutes to order a drink. $10.50 for a house bloody mary?! It was served in a very small plastic cup (not even a red Solo cup!) and the mix came from the gun!As I waited, I watched the bartenders screw up two orders (gave group A's food to group B and vice versa)... and then proceed to swap everything out after about 2 minutes! Unsanitary! And NO APOLOGY!The 3 bartenders, all male, had ZERO personalities and attentiveness. One was just a downright asshole...to me, to my friends, to patrons at the bar.I even left a long note and my phone number on my credit card slip...and no one had the balls to call me to discuss their atrocious service. They must not care.The one star is for the band...they were decent.Advice: skip Toby Keith's I Hate This Bar. Way too many great places to go on the Strip.
3	If it had been my choice I would NEVER have come here. I hate Toby Keith, but it was a friend's bachlorette/bachelor party and they picked the place for dinnerDespite making reservations they weren't ready for us. Our group ended up being split over two large tables of about 12ppl and one small table of 4. Not close enough for conversations between the groups. The food was fine. Nothing amazing but not inedible. Most people had a burger, I got a chicken fried steak. Why I have no idea. It was good enough I guess. The drinks were GOOD. Pretty much what got this to 3 stars. Granted it was $20 for one drink, but the one drink was in a 32 oz mason jar and had something like 5 shots in it.Our waitress was great. She was nice and as quick as could be for a large party.Over all I wouldn't head back but mostly just because I wouldn't have gone their in the first place if I had a choice.
4	They carry Tito's vodka, so my Texas friends are happy!! The band was really good and the DJ filled in while the band was on breaks. Very entertaining!  We didn't eat here so I can't tell you about the food, but the drinking and dancing is good!
2	I ordered a vegi wrap and fries to go, got back up to the room and found they didn't include the fries (which I watched him ring up as an extra charge). If you charge $23 for wrap and fries I expect it to be good... disappointing.
3	Complete disappointment...service was terrible, no music playing and food was just ok. Only positive thing was their Mac & Cheese balls.
2	Best thing about the place was the giant TV screen so I could watch the Eagles while in Vegas.  Food was very fair and overpriced.  Maybe the food tastes better if you're drinking a lot.  Wouldn't recommend the place.
2	Went to TK's for my brother's birthday dinner last night. There were six of us and we had a great time. The food was good, the waitress took care of us as quickly as she could on a Saturday evening, all in all a pretty great time. But as we're getting ready to leave my brother notices there's a plastic cup lid in his lemonade.... We decide that it probably had to of been in there when the drink was brought to him cause we don't know how it would have ended up in there any other way, so his mother-in-law goes to tell a manager. And the guy acts like a jerk and calls her a liar. We weren't looking to get anything free, we'd already paid our bill and left a fairly generous tip, we just wanted to bring it to someone's attention, it was kind of gross... But he makes their mess up our fault and tells her she's trying to make a scene. Yea, standing in the corner of a rather crowed, really loud bar trying to talk to a manager is making a scene, apparently that one hasn't been in Vegas long... Anyway good time to that point but he kinda ruined things. Make sure your cups are clean. But if they're not it's not going to be TK's fault....
2	I'm kinda bummed out by this place. Took forever to be seated (there was only 3 of us) and way over priced. Also the food was nothing special I got the american soldier burger and it hardly had any taste to it. Atmosphere was great and our server was very nice. Go to another burger joint.
5	Great food.  I had club sandwich that was freaking huge for 12.95.  Best value for lunch in Vegas and female servers in chaps is a nice bonus.  Definitely would return ti this establishment.
3	Better than diner food. Not a fine dining restaurant. Fried catfish was tasty. Home style cooking. The server was good. Time to get the meal after the order taken was a bit slow. Watch their drink prices. A friend ordered a peach something drink and it was $19.00. (That's crazy). Ask the price before you order. Some nights they have live music.
2	It is, what it is: a very commercial, country bar. Highlights were the fried bologna sandwich. Lowlights were: most everything else. In fairness: I had no business being here.
1	Worst fajitas I've ever had, totally bland. Side of rice in a Dixie cup!! 18.00 to share the worst fajitas I've ever had. Zero flavor. My boyfriends brother got the meatloaf, it tasted just like how canned dog food smells. All bad. I didn't like Toby before, now i feel ripped off by him. Highway robbery! It doesn't get worse than sides in Dixie cups, it was similar to convalescent home food, for those on a salt free, spice free diet. this place is a ramshackle.
2	Food is ok but service sucks. Dont bother.
1	I was roped into going here as part of a cousins birthday party, and after checking the reviews I knew I was in for a special night.The wait was long, the servers paid little attention to the tables, and half of the parties orders came to the table incorrectly prepared.Also what's with the GIGANTIC buns? They almost made the burgers inedible.Also, I understand that it's a Toby Keith bar, but I was not prepared to be inundated by the same 3 song Toby Keith playlist over and over.But hey, at just the waitresses are walking around in their underwear.Tldr: expensive, slow, and mediocre food.
1	I ordered an Old West hamburger.  The hamburger was good but the onion rings and fries tasted as if they were cooked in old grease  I ate a few but couldn't stand the taste.  Later that evening I got sick from eating the few fries.  It is disappointing that Toby Keith has a restaurant that serves such terrible food that people are getting sick.  Not good!!!!!!
3	Could have been so much better. Prices were not unreasonable for strip . Good was average, drinks were exceptional!  They could at least turn up the music.  A little disappointed .
5	I love this place! Came here with friends and seriously had a blast. Strong drinks, delicious comfort food, friendly service, and live music with a dance floor. I'm now a huge Toby Keith fan and cannot wait for the new location to open in my town! 5 stars.
1	We were a party of 4 and each of us was very very disappointed in the food.  Awful experience!!  Avoid it!!!
2	Hostess was not friendly, we couldn't sit in the restaurant side because we were only ordering appetizers, there is no service on the bar side, you get your own drinks and have to ask for a menu, seems run down from the last time we were here...Not impressed
4	Not a bad place , just needs a little more fine tuning on the management side . The food is typical bar food , I like the mason jar drinking glass concept. The entertainment is the big seller here , with Toby Keiths name on the marquee .
3	Make a reservation! We got there around noon without a reservation and the wait was 1 and 1/2 hours or sit at the bar. Luckily we did find a seat and after about 15 mins the bartender gave us a menu. The next time we came around was about 45 mins later. Waited another 15 or so to get our beer and awhile for our food. Overall we were there over 2 hours. The food was decent but they need more servers. The hostess didn't seem to like her job and the bartenders are over worked, 2 bartenders for an entire bar and the area around, plus walk ups! They need at least 4 bartenders easy. Overall not impressed and not worth the wait.
3	So ok I got a groupon for this place and that's really the only reason we went in. Heck we aren't even country fans but I love groupon!! Ok so We were there on a Thursday (1/30/14) for lunch and we were seated right away. After looking over the menu I ordered the grilled chicken wrap and fries and the hubby ordered a club sandwich(sans fries, fries are extra) I was very excited to try my food because it looked good( sigh I should have ordered the burger the safest choice) . My wrap was huge BUT where was the chicken....I searched and searched and only pulled lots of lettuce and corn and then ohhh yes there is my one piece of chicken (huh?) blah not happy. My hubby must have seen the starved look in my eyes so he shared his club sandwich. It was actually good but then again can a person really mess up processed meats on bread? Well...I don't think id go back it just doesn't seem worth it. Our waitress was a peach but great service for not so good food ( ehh). I think next time I'll stick to American diner at the nyny hotel.
1	Should have read the reviews. We stopped at 11:30am on a Friday morning and waited 20 minutes for the server to acknowledge our presence.  Then once the order was in we waited for another 20 minutes for our simple burgers and sandwiches. 3 tables around us seated after us had ordered and gotten food, and eaten most before we even got our food. Server was apathetic and disengaged with our complaint when raised. Management made no effort to address it other than to tell Server to discount 20%.  Didn't even talk to us. Save your money folks and spend it somewhere they want your business. We were sorely disappointed.
4	Fun bar! Had live cover band and DJ Friday night. Drinks are light on alcohol.  But band was entertaining.
5	Outstanding food! Ate at Gordon Ramsey's the night before. This blows that away. Love good pub comfort food. Outstanding service, cold beer and incredible food.
4	If you're craving fried food, large drinks and a loud atmosphere, you've come to the right place. We stopped here for a "snack" one afternoon, and several fried dishes later, were feeling full, guilty and completely satisfied!All the appetizers were priced well, huge portions, and very tasty. We didn't have any drinks here, but the soft drinks were served in huge glasses. The server we had was very polite too!
5	Service is phenomenal.  I also feel its important to note that it is very much appreciated that Mr. Keith ensures his staff takes care of us active duty service members.  True patriot, absolutely awesome. Besides that, food and atmosphere were great.
5	Hand's down love this place. Try the Georgia Peach drink. I died haha, The mac and Cheese balls hit the spot and the ruben sandwich topped it off. I left happy, the atmosphere is not what you'd expect which made me love it even more. The waiters and waitresses are awesome they are on it and get you your things fast. All around 5 stars.
1	My girlfriend and I were vacationing in Vegas this weekend and decided to try Toby Keith's because we love the one in Chicago so much. This was one of the worst dining experiences we ever had.We were seated right away but waited close to 15 minutes before anyone arrived to take our order. Because of this we put in our drink and food order right away. It took another 25 minutes for our food to come out as others, who were seated after us, were being served.The grilled chicken wrap had very little chicken but was overflowing with lettuce. There was no avocado as the menu had said and was way too creamy.The hamburger my girlfriend ordered tasted like a frozen hamburger patty and was unusually sloppy. She also ordered fries with an extra side of coleslaw. She was only served the coleslaw and then the server tried to charge us extra for it.Overall it was a horrible experience. Its unfortunate as we know other Toby Keith locations to have good food and service. If you're ever in Chicago (specifically Rosemont) check out that location.
3	Is not somewhere I'd go to eat food, so can't comment on that. However, the band was great. Beer prices are Vegas Style-overboard. Are there waitresses here? Unsure, as we had beer bottles and glassware from the entire day sitting on our table the entire three hours we were here.  And we always had to go up to the bar and order. Two buckets of  beer will run you around $75.
3	This is a bit off the beaten path. You have to make your way through Harrah's all the way to the back, up the escalator and then there it is.So for some reason I have been here a few times, and each time I really thought the food was less than desirable. This time was a little different. The food is quite pricey for what it is. Yeah, you get a dollar off if you use your Total Rewards card, but really - it's still kind of expensive for just ok food. I got the chicken wrap last time and it was utterly inedible. I definitely won't get that ever again. Lots of wrap, not a lot of chicken.This time, we ordered the fried macaroni and cheese and the brisket nachos. Let me say, I was pleasantly surprised. The mac and cheese balls were lightly battered and fried just crispy enough. The nachos - were heaping and the brisket was very good. good choices this time.Next - the beer - so there isn't a great selection of draft beer - but the bonus is how large a draft beer is. I believe they are 22oz for $10. Which isn't bad. And of course you can take it to go in a plastic cup. (But don't try and bring your outside drink into TK's)If you're with a lot of friends, a beer tower is definitely the way to go... Minuses - the whole bar area didn't have a server. So all the tables in the bar area hadn't been bussed and it was a total mess. It's not really a problem to order the food through the bar,  but just means getting up and down if you need other things. The bartender was friendly and helpful, but then you wonder what you're tipping for when you are getting up and down... but oh well.
3	This is a bar and restaurant. Bar food, what can you say. Nothing exceptional, nothing to brag about. If you are partying, then this is good food if you are in the neighborhood. Service was great. Staff very friendly. They want you to have a good time, and we did. Definitely good for country music fans.
3	Great atmosphere....good drinks.  Gets crowded but a lot more room than one thinks. Only stopped here for drinks, but food we did see looked awesome.
1	Cold, below average bar food served by disinterested waitresses. Eight of us chose this place over everything else here in Vegas and it was the worst bet we made all weekend! 2 of our 8 couldnt get out of bed for 36 hours because of severe cramps and diahrhea. They each had the club sandwich. The rest of the meals were just ok, but on a 4 day vacation to lose a full day and night is not acceptable. This was food poisoning plain and simple. Clearly no one associated with TK ever does any knd of quality control here. This is a great example of how not to protect your brand. The TK brand will surely be a Walmart staple before long. The one star is for the Jack and Coke one of us had.
3	The food was not bad, the portions were not that big and the service was bad. Toby is not only loving this bar...he's loving the profits!!
5	Delicious food!  Friendly service!  Cute outfits . Good atmosphere. Great music. Easy to find via monorail.
3	I WANT to give it four stars, but we had a problem at the end.We ALWAYS go to Toby Keith's - the "She's a hottie wrap" is off the charts DELISH. the drinks are huge and the waiter we had - Alfonso, was amazing! No complaints on food or service, but my brother had a Groupon that he showed to the guy in the beginning, and he redeemed it and everything, but he still got charged full price in the end.We will still come back tho - it is a staple every Vegas trip!!!!
1	Ate here while in Vegas for a seminar. Luckily I was alone as I had to rush back to the room and spend the next half-hour destroying the bathroom. Don't get the ribs. Just, just don't.
1	Delicious food!  Friendly service!  Cute outfits . Good atmosphere. Great music. The food was terrible (no flavor).We ordered the Fried Mac and Cheese Balls and they where terrible. I ordered the Steak Sandwich with Fries which had no flavor at all and the fries tasted like they were fried in catfish oil.Worse fries ever. Waste of a $ 100.00. Wont go again.
3	I've tried this place twice and both times I went here with high expectations and both times I left dissappointed. The ambiance is cool and country but the service is lacking. The food is not neccessarily bad, but its not top notch by any means.
1	Service is horrible.  March 2014 went with friends.  Waited 15 minutes before someone told us we could seat ourselves.  Waited another 30 minutes at table before waitress told us it was self serve at the bar.  Waited another 15 minutes to order beer from bartender.  Friends and I looked at each other and said it has almost been an hour, and no food, no beer, time to leave.  By the way this was at 3:00 pm in the afternoon.  I will not be going back to Toby Ketih's bar anytime soon.
5	This is the second bachelor party I've been to in Las Vegas and both times we've hit Toby Keith.  Both times it has been the highlite of our trip.  The drinks are stiff and the country music is loud!  Great live bands and awesome staff.  Mason jar drinks and a dance floor.  Yee-hawww!
4	I Love this bar! The steak was delicious and the waitress was very attentive... What was the most  surprising was the fact that we had a groupon and the waitress didn't treat us any differently.. Some restaurants act like you are using food stamps when you have a groupon.. Thanks ladies!
1	Group of 8 and had no desire to seat us!! Did not want to let us split up I to 4 and 4. Wanted to put us all on one check!! Not toe room receptionist was pushing 50 in buttless chaps!
4	Visited this restaurant twice during my 5 day stay.  Rhonda was our waitress the first time in and we requested her the second visit.  Pulled pork sandwhich was amazing as were the wings.  Rhonda was on top of everything and great with the recommendations as we are an indecisive group.  If you visit this location be sure to request her.
3	Fun ambiance if you really like country music, but not enough going on. The house band is pretty good, and cute. The bartenders are quick. Drinks are big, expensive and don't usually taste right. We had a lot of fun dancing and hanging out, but had to settle for icecream outside instead of food because the hostess was being difficult. Either way, we had fun
1	Worst meal ever. Went here for a quick sandwich before going out to the bars. Took almost 30 minutes to bring our food. I had a grilled sandwich wrap. It was so soggy I only are the chicken out of it since I was so hungry. Fries were ok but salty. All my friends had sandwiches or wraps and did not like theirs either. Was not worth the money. The music was good if you like country and they do have a dance floor but would not recommend the food.
4	This is the first restaurant I went to while in Vegas. Rekindled my love of Toby Keith, who was 'Merica before it was cool. Beer came in a 32 oz mason jar. Service was slow, but dang what good drunk food. Mac and cheese bites to die for, and the fries are some of the best I ever had. I know it's mainstream, but I approve!
1	I DONT love this bar and grill. The atmosphere is very impersonal. They call parties that are waiting to be seated over a microphone like you are at a car dealership. So once you are seated, you keep getting jolted by the loud "party of 4!" Screams. The service was very slow. We were seated before another couple yet, somehow their food arrived before us and they had steak and we didn't. The food was decent, not bad, definitely not worth waiting for and nothing to rave about. Not worth the price of the food or the wait. There are so many other options in vegas to choose from. Also, as a side note, my aunt has been to the other TLBG location and said what a disappointment this one is compared to the great food and service at one in California.
4	After reading many so-so reviews, we decided to just for for it and hoped for the best. Maybe we got lucky, but it was pretty good! The service was terrible, but the food was delicious so for us it evened out. My husband and I shared a burger with fries and  the nachos (off the appetizer menu) and he also had a beer, which might have been bigger (like many have said!) if they had more than just bottles. We found that we needed more sour cream with the nachos and our waiter didn't come around until we were pretty much finished with our meal. So, bottom line: go, and ask for and extras when you order so you don't go without them.
2	Not my favorite dining experience while I was in Vegas!  The food was marginal at best and way over priced for what you get.  I had the bbq chicken sandwich & still to this morning I am still trying to figure out where my bbq sauce was on this chicken.  Chicken was very fatty & the fries sucked.  I do have to say the very large mason jars filled with tea was the only best thing about my experience. I don't think the effort to find this place which wasn't easy & the prices will keep me from coming back.  If you are a Toby Keith fan and love seeing his pictures everywhere you turn then this place is for you.  Very loud and very non friendly atmosphere!
4	Stayed at the Harrahs and I like country music... it was only right that I came here. Had the Cowboy Reuben, boy was it good. How do you make a Reuben better? You add bacon to it, that's exactly what they did here and it worked for my taste buds. My only complaint is that the slices of bread were a little too thick for my liking. Call them freedom fries or regular fries, they were just okay. The sweet tea in a nation jar was great! Not the cheapest place, but you'll get a good sized meal for a decent price. Also, I came around 9pm and there was a cover band playing some great songs!Also getting there can be a little tricky as it's upstairs in the middle of the Harrahs.
4	My husband and I visited on a recent mini vacation. We cannot vouch for the food as we did not eat a meal--we went for the music. But our experience was so great we went two nights in a row. The live music is really high quality--and no cover charge. Cheapest entertainment in Las Vegas (well, if you like country, which we do). The drinks were delicious, and potent, too :).
4	Let me start off by saying I LOVE country music so of course i had to visit Toby Keith! I felt like i was in the south because of the atmosphere and items on the menu. I would have given 5 stars but our server was very ditsy and a bit rude. Order the nachos! Bombbb salsa!
5	Thanks to Ronni our waitress..friendly, even brought us take out containers for our drinks and food, as we could only eat half.Delicious Clubhouse,best fries and cornbread I have had in years..huge drinks! we had a hard time finding it in Harrah's! There needs to be better directions and signs to show how to get to it!! Lunch was quiet, needed that!The ambiance for us Toby fans was great. The hostess who's name eludes me..again very friendly, had just been to the dentist,,so very nice!! The whole environment was Toby Keith charged, we almost felt like he really had a personal hand in the place! The food was very good, large portions and prepared as ordered. The Staff was very friendly ,will return!
4	I enjoyed my first dinner here.  While I do like most of Toby Keith's songs, and even went to one of his concerts at The Pearl, neither circumstance has any bearing on my rating of his namesake restaurant.  I rate a restaurant on the quality of its food, service, and ambiance--nothing more and nothing less.  Based solely on those criteria, I enjoyed the whole experience here.When our order was taken we had only one hour remaining before a ticketed show.  Hearing this, our waitress, Felicia M., did a great job getting the food out to us in a timely fashion, and later quickly presenting us with our bill, so that we had enough time to eat before hastening off to The Quad next door.            I began with Fried Pickles, which were interesting warm lengths of pickle encased in slightly salty beer batter, that proved to be quite tasty dipped in an intriguing Southwest Ranch Dressing or joined with a few dollops of ketchup.  A Dinner Salad composed chiefly of Romaine Lettuce, cut tomato pieces, and a very smooth and mellow Honey Mustard Dressing was a nice prelude to my entree of moist and toothsome Homemade Honky Tonk Meatloaf with rich dark Brown Gravy that was accompanied by good skin-on Mashed Potatoes and creamy Coleslaw.  Buttered Cornbread rounded out a fine meal, which was enhanced by piped in country rock music which gave way to live country rock music by a small band at 9:00 p.m. sharp.   I will be back to try the highly vaunted Fried Bologna Sandwich with Miracle Whip on Texas Toast!
5	Good food and great drinks in a Country themed environment.  If you like Country music, you will love this bar.  I am a business executive and I travel to Vegas about 5 times per year over the last 10 years or so.  I stumbled into Toby Keith's about 5 years ago, and I can honestly say it is the one place I look forward to going to every trip.  It doesn't disappoint.  It feels like home even though I'm from the O.C. and I'm not a huge Country fan.  My man Jay Bird has always made the experience fun at the bar.  He's a great guy to have a laugh with.  He makes drinks with this whole flair process with bottles and tumblers and glasses flyin' every which way before it all lands cleanly in your glass.  Very entertaining.  I usually go here in the evening, but this week I decided to have lunch here.  I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, Mac & Cheese balls, and the tortilla soup.  In the background, I was entertained by Toby Keith's mostly hilarious music videos.  Food came reasonably fast.  The food was really good. Unexpectedly good.  I washed that down with a mason jar of my favorite beverage and I felt like I had great experience for a reasonable value.
4	Had the friendliest server and the quickest service of anywhere I've dined on the strip. Got a wrap and fries, both very yummy. Drinks are served in mason jars, which I found adorable.  Live country band playing during dinner/late night which made it hard to chat, but you obviously know you're getting into that when you enter. With as pricey as most places here are for subpar food, Toby Keith's far surpassed my expectations.
4	We went in the middle of the day and there was no wait...which was nice! The hostesses and waitresses wear ass-less chaps with some blinged out underwear. The drinks and beer are served in huge mason jars which is cool! The food was delicious! We got the chips and salsa, guacamole, and queso- delicious! The BBQ sandwich and fried catfish dinner was also very good! Would definitely go back!
4	Fun place. The band was great and so was the DJ. This place is a great time. The drinks are huge, but oh so tasty! We had a blast here.
2	I had the fried catfish which was great.  The fish was moist and flaky and had a nice cornmeal crunchy exterior.  The wife had a barbecue chicken sandwich which was terrible.  It was really tough and stringy, way overcooked.We had a large party and they were unwilling to split up the check which was a pain.  Everyone was digging out cash or feeling uncomfortable to put it on their card.  They had live music playing which we enjoyed, and even a small dance floor for some to go out to.Overall it was an inconsistent experience with some high points and low points.
1	Well, this place is hopeless. I have been trying for 3 days to get through their phone line, and make a reservation. I have left a voicemail, and never received a call back. This place is not worth my time. I will not go to an establishment that neglects potential customers. I haven't even stepped foot in to this place and already they get one star for poor customer service. I can't imagine how it would be actually going here. For that, I will never give you my business.  Screw you Toby Keith's!
2	What is there to love about Toby Keith's Bar & Grill? Not a whole lot.My family and I had dinner at TK's last night as an alternative to Guy Fieri's who 1. Doesn't take reservations and 2. Wanted us to wait 2 hours to eat. Ha ha! No thanks Guy. And BTW - no reservations? Come on.First TK's has a fun atmosphere, but looks like a normal 'ol bar and grill. The walls are decorated with Toby Keith... things, and all the girls wear panties and chaps. Ass in your face every time your server leaves your table. Speaking of service, it could be improved. After we were seated we waited a good 10 minutes to put our order in, luckily, since we all had sufficient time we all knew what we wanted to eat and drink.Onward to the food - steak fajitas, which came out sizzling and made me excited. But when were placed in front of me were a let down. The beef was haphazardly cut and chunky, not strips. Plus the meat was not seasoned in anyway and it looked just WRONG to me. Fajitas come with your choice of corn or flour tortillas. I picked corn - half of them were not steamed enough and had hard edges. They brought them out in a tortilla holder with NO LID. What the heck? No wonder it did not steam all the way. Dear manager of TK's: put lids on your tortilla holders and customers will get tortillas that are soft! My fajitas also came with: rice (OK), refried beans (OK), salsa (not spicy at all), guac (OK), and sour scream (OK). Overall what could be a great dish, only mediocre.Next - "I Love This Bar" BBQ Sandwich - my mother requested no sides for her sandwich, but they brought her fries anyway. She said the BBQ sandwhich could use more BBQ sauce. Chicken Fried Steak - My brother had this and said it was so-so, not a REAL chicken fried steak in my family's opinion because it didn't appear to be pan-fried, which is the honest way to make a chicken fried steak - not deep frying it with a lot of breading. Speaking of breading...My husband's fish and chips were mostly breading which he peeled off so he could actually eat the fish.Lastly, the shrimp appetizer which my father ordered for his meal came with a HUGE amount of deep fried little shrimp. There had to have been 20 and it came with a tasty, creamy cajun-flavored dipping sauce. I really liked the shrimp.Overall - I feel as though there could be a lot of improvement. I like Toby Keith. I like the idea of the restaurant - I really like all the country music they were playing, but the food was a huge downer.
4	As the song says "I love this bar". You'll see old folks dancing and having a great time, you'll see young and old chicks flashing their titties for drinks. Great bands at 9pm every night and good bartenders. They do that flair crap but we can wait the extra minute for our drinks. Oh yes, the drinks... They have a good list of specialty drink like "Whiskey Girl" and "Pondskipper" or whatever that are GREAT and they serve them in Mason Jars. They are a bit pricey at $18 but you will only need one. You can get any drink or beer in the Mason Jars. They do play nothing but country music. How bad is that really? It's not like it's Hip Hop, still a lot of people won't come here. To them we say; just realize that you aren't as cool as you think you are so just fucking go and have a good time. This is another tourist trap and a hell of a good one too. The people-watching is top notch and people will actually talk your ear off. As you know, we like tourist traps, maybe because we like being a tourist... Fuck we wish we were somewhere being tourists right now. Oh boo hoo, suppose we'll have to be satisfied with places like Toby Keith's.
1	This place is horrible. If I could give this zero stars I would. The only good thing about this restaurant is your seated right away. Service is bad & corn Tortillas were hard as a rock. I asked for a refill of my water - and in 2 hrs never got it. It was a big grp so I feel that the waitress was slacking because she knew she was getting an 18%tip. We were paying cash and the remainder on the card and the waitress didn't know how to do that--she put it all on the card and gave us back the cash. Managers was no help either. Never ever ever going to this restaurant again!!!!!!!
4	This place is pretty cool, we hit it just about every time we are in Vegas, that's about 5 times a year for the last 5 years or so. Some of the negative reviews are definitely misleading. It's more of a sport bar during the day, so NO; they are not always going to be playing music. The food is good but nothing special either; but no one should go to sports bars or dance clubs for their food only, so why should TKB be rated just based on their food experience.Overall it's a very cool kickback place, in particular at the night time when the live music is going. We never have experienced any kind of drama and always end up meeting some very cool people there. I minus a star for their pricy food and the fact that not all bands are always that good. Maybe good as musicians, but some are not 100% country bands. Obviously you expect a kick ass COUNTRY band every time you hit the TKB, but sometimes you'll get that Rock/Pop/Country band that not everyone likes.
2	My coworkers and I placed a large order to-go and the food came out pretty fast. Once we started eating though... Oh boy... A couple meals were decent BUT we had a couple issues. American Soldier Burger: had tough, bone-like pieces in it. Coworker about broke his tooth. When we called and informed the restaurant, they told us we could bring it back. Chicken and Dumpling soup. BLAND. Not like grandma's at all!!! It's made with biscuits, not actual homemade dumplings. Tasted like garlic biscuits. I personally would not order from here again.  The server was very friendly, but the food overall was not impressive.
5	Nothing to not love about Toby Keith's. From the succulent rib/ wing combo to the sweet peach cocktail, I had a wonderful dinner experience here with a group of 12. Our server was unbelievably friendly, and was patient as we took time to altogether decide what we wanted. Drinks and food came out promptly, and everything just amazed me.My rib/ wing combo consisted of two flavors of each meat, and both meats were just beautifully tender and flavorful. My mouth is watering as I reminisce. The mashed potato side was also wonderful, and the fries put me over the moon. Meanwhile, mixed drinks came in 32-oz. mason jars. My Georgia peach one was great--not too sweet, not too strong, a perfect mix that lasted each of us a long while. I wish there were a better way to convey my adoration for TK's. But in short, it's definitely worth a try: the meat is delicious, the drinks are fantastic, the people are great.
3	Just like every other Musician-themed bar/grill, being a huge fan of the involved is a big deal.I am not the biggest Toby Keith fan, but here it wasn't too big of a deal. Sure the walls are lined with images and items from his career, enough that part of our conversation was "If Toby Keith were to actually come here, would he be super embarrassed by how much this place is a shrine to him or would he own it and purposefully wear an outfit from one of the photos and get the table underneath said photo?"In all seriousness, the decor was a little overdone. Unlike, say, Margaritaville, which I would say is "Parrothead- and Jimmy-Buffet's-MUSIC-themed," I Love This Bar is simply "Toby Keith-themed," which is a bit off-putting. It's like the cafeteria of the Toby Keith Museum.The food and service were definitely good. My burger was well-cooked and tasty, and the service was fine. It was a little strange that they took and then tried to sell us a souvenir photo of us at our table.As always the food was forced-pun titled. The music was of course a mix of new and old country, which I was fine with. I'll come back to this place, but only if I was with someone else who wanted to go. It wouldn't be my recommendation.
4	Burgers were well-crafted and cooked to perfection. The Cap'n Crunch milkshake brought back childhood memories, but was very chunky as a milkshake. They literally added cereal and blended it half-way. If it were a smoother consistency, I would have given this place a 5-start rating.
2	We decided on this location because they were one of the only locations that had space without a wait during the lunch rush.Toby Keith has a great atmosphere and the waitress wear assless chaps. That took me completely by surprise. Our waitress quickly took our order and was prompt on delivery.She recommended the steaks, chicken fried steak, and the the fajitas. I ordered the combo fajitas which was $25. Unfortunately the food is extremely lacking. Every meal ordered by our party of 9 was disappointing. My meats were bland and flavor less. One of my groups mentioned that my steaks were beef jerky. The food quality wouldn't have been so bad if the prices weren't so unbelievably high for the food. I wouldn't return to this location. They are opening a newer location on my home town so I'll try that once to see if it's similar.
4	I had eaten here once a while back and enjoyed it a lot. Yelpers Bobby K. and Anna from VA came into town and suggested this place for dinner. It's located inside Harrah's and coming in from the parking garage it's going to be hard to miss since it's right there on the left and country music can be heard coming from inside the restaurant. Bobby had seats for us already so there was no wait time. Our server was friendly and took great care of us. They have TVs all over playing music videos and while most of it was obviously country music, they did play some Metallica and Pearl Jam LOL. Our table was lost in awesome conversation until we noticed my wife stuck on one of the TVs. They played 3 Luke Bryan videos back to back so we lost her for a bit. They have a bar you can sit at if you don't want to sit at a table or booth.I had a Fried Mac and Cheese ball that was average. I was craving a burger so I looked over the menu to see what sounded good. I went with the Hottie Burger. The burger came with a hot link on it as well fried onions, lettuce, tomato and pepper jack cheese. The burger was cooked to my liking and tasted really good. The only complaint is that it was spicy at all. Not even a hint of heat. For a burger with a name "Hottie" in it you'd expect it to have a kick. While the burger was very good.... I would suggest they add some fried jalapenos in place of the fried onions. My wife had the Hottie Wrap and felt the same way. She said it tasted great and the amount of guacamole and other stuff inside her wrap was great but the chicken had no heat at all. The Fried Bologna sandwich yelper Anna got was effing interesting. I left stuffed. That's all.
2	Rat hole. Over priced food coming from ratty Pantless waitresses. I only gave this place one star out of pity.
2	Toby Keith I do NOT love your bar. The food was ok. But the staff was RUDE!!! my goodness! Unfriendly! It was our first time there. My husband & I were meeting our family there. We were the first to arrive. After standing in the front for over 5 min. I walk to a podium off to the side & ask if we seat ourselves or is there a host? I was rudely informed by a crabby phillipino lady that she WAS the host. And we could not be seated until our entire party arrived. So we waited. When we all got there & got seated...we waited some more. The whole experience was way overpriced. Thumbs down Toby Keith.....get a new staff.
1	I went to this restaurant with my boyfriend when we were visiting Vegas, lets just say I think he enjoyed this place better than I did with all these girls running around half naked with their ass's out. It was WAY to loud to the point where we couldn't even hear each other talk, and it was in the middle of the week and wasn't too busy- but the music was so loud. The waitress was nice and was more interested in my boyfriend RIGHT IN-FRONT of me than taking our order. I like the place in CA near Bas Pro in the garden shopping center...they are WAYYYY better than this place. I know its vegas, but seriously?! Your making this company look horrible.AND the food seemed old and was COLD and took FOREVER to come out....
3	I was not happy with my experience at Toby Keith's. The service was terrible. They seemed to be under staffed and our waitress was not very friendly or attentive to our needs. The food was ok, but not something I would rave about. I don't think I would go back there again.
5	We went here for my friend's 30th birthday (her choice) and had an amazing time. I don't even like country music and this was still the highlight night of our trip. There was a live band and they also played Top 40 hits in between sets. Our bartender, James, was freakin fabulous. He made us "sweet but strong" shots all night long. The only downside was the 24 hour recovery period, but that was likely my fault :) Can't speak to their food, but their bartenders, music and patrons made for a great night.
1	Poor beer selection and horrible job filtering out the cigarette smoke. I couldn't breathe in there.
4	I don't have any complaints, didn't eat but my red beer was good. Love the country music and environment.
2	Was very disappointed. Of all the places we went it had by far the slowest and worst service. Food was bland with little taste and way overpriced even for Vegas. Would never eat here again.
5	GREAT place for NFL Sunday! Televisions everywhere!! The fries are so good. The dranks are pricey but definitely worth it. I'm not a big country fan but the environment is very welcoming and nice.
2	Disappointed they didn't play country music, was more a sports bar. Service very was slow! Food was decent and average prices. Probably wouldn't eat there again.
2	Super disappointed in the food! Honestly, it made me sad. Had the Chicken Fried Steak. Neither it nor the gravy had any flavor. The Freedom Fries and Sweet Tea were amazing though. Sent it back but told the waitress I wanted to keep the fries. She said she'd being me fresh ones so I said of course, no biggie. Ordered the Chicken Tenders. Again, no flavor so I stuck with the fries and called it a night. When the check came, I was charged extra for the fries... Won't come back again.
4	I happened to see the happy hour sign as I was leaving the monorail and heading to another location. Originally, I wasn't going to stop but I saw the special pricing and decided to stop in. Several hours later, I had a nice buzz and my bank account hadn't taken a massive hit like other Vegas establishments did. I'm not normally a big Blue Moon drinker but $4.50 for 2 mason jar (32oz) drinks was a deal I don't think I could find anywhere else. I think a lot of others thought the same thing and as a result there was one bartender running around trying to service the whole place. The service took longer than average and I had to ask where my appetizer was since it had taken so long. Overall, I did enjoy my experience but I think they could benefit by having a bit more coverage in the bar area.
1	Only one star from me. I really don't love this bar.  I was really disappointed with every aspect of this place.  Service was non existent.  She took a very long time for her to initially come to our table.  Our waitress was hardly seen the entire evening.  My husband and I were splitting the nachos.  It's very rare for a place to mess up nachos.  I mean.... how can you mess up nachos? Well they succeeded in this.  Neither of us liked it.  There wasn't a good flavor at all.  You can choose chicken or beef.  We chose beef.  Little did we know it was a shredded beef and not a ground beef.  The beef was dry and cold.  Our friend was highly disappointed in his meal as well.  Again, no flavor in country fried steak.  Bummer.Please trust me and skip this place.
2	We were tired after our flight from Houston, so we settled on this place so we wouldn't have to venture out.  We ordered the large appetizer platter ($18.) and the fried pickles ($6.99) to share.  The platter came with two barbeque chicken wings (whole), two stuffed potato skins, deep fried mac & cheese bites and two jalapeno poppers.  The only item on the whole plate worth eating was the mac & cheese bites.  Everything else was served almost cold and the wings and potato skins were pre-cooked and re-heated.  I don't know why the kitchen manager thinks it's okay to serve re-heated food that's cold. The pickles were hot and good.  I expected better.
1	Alright I am still so LIVID about this place that I am not even going to make this a very long review because its too painful but I will say AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS unless you're going there to dance and drink. The food was TERRIBLE. My friend got chicken strips that weren't even cookied and I got this buffalo chicken wrap that was not even edible. Which coming from me NEVER happens especially when I am paying $14 for the item but it literally tasted like Vinegar wrapped in a sundried tomato tortilla. The hotsauce and the Guacamole and chicken was just non existent in the flavoring and I literally had to dip the darn thing in Queso just to be able to eat half of it . Which I only did because ...You guessed it.. the thing cost $14. We had initially been downtown and decided to check this place out because they had a veterans day special for a free burger which my boyfriend took advantage of and for being a free burger he was able to eat it but the fact of the matter is. Even Checkers does it better!  I really enjoy Toby Keith's music and I like the atmosphere with the pretty ladies in their backless chaps but we didn't even end up with a hot waitress and the music was so loud that was playing I couldn't even complain to our waitress if I wanted to but I just couldn't even stomach the energy after how bad everything was. I will hopefully be uploading some photos to cement the fact you shouldn't bother with this place but it's me and I am not always that good at attention to detail. This would have to be one of the first places I have not been able to finish my food though. I am the queen of eating pretty much anything but this place failed hardcore. The chips and Queso was definitely from a Can but that at least tasted good just wasn't worth the $... Definitely try somewhere else if you have the chance!
2	**2.5 stars**Came here for a quick bite to eat before shopping and its in the same hotel we were at (Harrahs). If you have a total rewards card, there are special prices for each menu item and I believe it takes $1 off each item which is great. We just wanted something quick so we ordered the bbq wings and fried pickles. The bbq wings were delicious, they were big wings and smothered in bbq with some extra on the bottom. For $12 though, it was pricey for 8 wings but hey, when in Vegas! The fried pickles were decent but nothing too special. The other items on the menu didn't look too bad but definitely overpriced for most items like ribs and fries even with a discount. The customer service was good but she was a bit slow. We waited at the table for 5-7 minutes just to be acknowledged by someone and get some water that tasted like tiolet. Then we had to wave her down to get napkins and later on for the check since she never came to our table. It was not very pleasing to the eye when the girls are a little bit bigger and they are wearing booty shorts that show half their butts. Just saying. Besides that, the food was decent. I'm not a country music fan, but I knew and heard of Toby Keith before. It was funny seeing him everywhere with pictures of himself posing on the walls and basically a shrine to myself throughout the place. Theres also a gift shop next door, probably overpriced also but I didn't get a chance to go in. I would say skip this place unless you're only getting the wings!!!
3	Went to this restaurant on a whim after buying a Groupon for it. Service was fine until she kept giving us the wrong receipt when we wanted to leave. It took three tries to get the correct receipt. Luckily I noticed otherwise we would have over paid by more than $20. The fried pickles were good but nothing special. My husband ordered chicken fried steak and he said it tasted good but it appeared to be chicken fried meatloaf. Strange! I ordered the rotisserie chicken which was dry. Sides tasted like they were made in big batches and left to sit under heat lamps all night. Atmosphere was good but I expected more from the food for the prices we paid.
5	This, was really good.  We both got hamburgers with fries.  The buns are delicious really soft. They have a Groupon too. We didn't have one but I would eat there again if we came back.
4	I'm always satisfied with the food. It's always made to order and never disappoints a hungry pallet. The service sometimes can be slow, but it has a tendency to be busy on most all of my visits. I've been here 5 times and plan on returning again in the future. Fun and friendly atmosphere. More geared though towards adults, but kids are welcome!
1	I know, I usually have rave reviews of everything but this food was not good. The only thing good about the service was her lack of clothes. She forgot several things. I will have to say that the portions were huge, I thought the price was high, but wow, massive portions. Also, the food looked awesome. Had the food tastes as good as it looked this would be an amazing place. If you're looking for a place on the strip to eat, pass this place over.I've edited this review twice. It's at one star now because after eating there four hours ago I am writhing with pain in my gut and feeling very ill. I know this is vegas and there's booze everywhere but I am not a drinker. Do not hear here.
3	Went on 11/16/14 for a quick lunch with some friends. Great food. We all ordered different things and were all very impressed with the food. Delicious and generous portions.  Such a shame that they have such horrible service.  The hostess was rude and the waitress extremely slow and we had to keep asking the busboy to call our waitress for us.  Terrible and slow service but excellent food. Service is why I gave them a 3,  food only wood be a 5 star.
3	I'm not a fan of gimmicky restaurants or country music.  I met a friend here and even though I wanted to hate it, the loaded nachos were excellent. The music sucked though.
2	Really disapointed; burger cost way to much for an unseasoned patty. Not even on the level of say Red Robbin. Wife has a Reuben sandwich that she said was 1/2 decent. Even the 16 oz beer I got tasted like the Draft lines hadn't been cleaned in years.  I could swing in for a drink and music but won't eat here again.
2	Food arrived cold and took a very long time; not very impressed. The best part about this place is the waitresses wearing chaps.
1	We waited 20 minutes without ever seeing our server and during that time it took more than ten minutes for a busser to get our waters to the table. All of this and the restaurant wasn't even crowded, it was actually almost empty. There is no reason for service this poor. This is the only time I have ever walked out of a restaurant.
5	Ok this is the place to go when you are hungry!  Big portions! I absolutely love the meatloaf potato bites,  and sweet tea, a must have:) The BBQ burgers the boom! Taste bursting with sweet and spicy the meat prime quality!  The restaurant has country music and videos playing all around the walls loved it... the service was outstanding!
1	Definitely didn't love this bar. My boyfriend and I went there for lunch. Location was great in the Harrah's casino, but that's honestly the only thing that I can say was great. The waitress was friendly, and recommended a few items from the menu. I ordered her #1 choice of a fried bologna sandwich with french fries. The sandwich was completely saturated in grease. It's a grilled sandwich so I expected it to have some grease, but this was absurd. I ate about three bites. My boyfriend ordered fish and chips and it, too was covered in so much grease it was not edible. Needless to say we paid a hefty price for heartburn and stomach aches for the rest of the day. We will not be returning. If I had to recommend one thing, it would be to save your money and eat at the deli in Harrah's.
4	Good food with nice views. Lol.  Had ribs and Mac and cheese balls. All very good. Going to try the bread pudding.
4	"" Good Food,Great Atmosphere,Great Drinks ! ""On a recent visit to Las Vegas, my wife and I visited Toby Keith's Restaurant, and again it was very good. The drinks and variety of beers is very good. Every time we go to the restaurant we try something new, like the delicious chicken spicy wings, or the Fried Bologna sandwich, or the Fried Twinkies for dessert.. This visit we tried the Meat Loaf with Gravy, Baked Beans and a Baked Potato with Bacon. It was Awesome, it made me feel like I was back home ! My wife had the Country Fried Chicken Steak with Gravy, with saluted vegetables and mashed potatoes, which she said was also very yummy ! They always have great music playing in the restaurant and have live entertainment at times. They also have a wide variety of Toby Kieth memorabilia to see and enjoy also. Give it try on your next visit to Las Vegas, and bring your "Red Solo Cup".  Visited November 2014
4	Loose a star because  the don't mix chx strips  on any sauce but they do with the wings ...Well service was 4 star The  buss boy very attractive  food good I'm very picky and the fries perfect Ps I should push and ask to get my strips  mix....The server ...Melissa very polite on my groupon left happy and full ....Total turn around from last time at the bar on a concert  night. ..I understand  the are buzzy but the bartender  female  was more  concerned  about  socializing  than doing her job and serving  a bit rude to with the TR discount
