4	Oddly enough, I have never dined at the original Olives in my hometown of Boston, but on a recent visit to Vegas,  my husband and I decided to have lunch at the Olives at the Bellagio. Olives serves up Mediterranean-inspired fare with potential views of the famous Bellagio fountain. If you are lucky enough to score a seat on the patio, you may get to see the fountain's "performance" while you dine. We really enjoyed our lunch, we started off with the Beef Carpaccio which was very generously portioned and very, delicious. We followed it up with a Portobello flatbread which was crispy and rich with wild mushrooms and white truffle oil.
5	my favourite place for a power lunchor awesome dinnerif it's not too hot, sit outside and enjoy the amazing viewtry the flatbreadsthe desert&apparentlythe martinisand then do some shopping!!!
4	A very classy joint with excellent ambiance - we recently had the chance to dine here while in las vegas. The complimentary bread was quite good, and the service was attentive. Most of all, the pasta and flatbread pizza were top notch. I ordered the wild boar bolognese - pasta topped with mascarpone and ground boar meat. Although I was initially skeptical (mascarpone is usually found in tiramisu), the flavors blended quite well.
5	I thought that this place was great.  Great service, I loved my food.  Overall I was very happy - my only concern was it was a bit pricey (about $44 for two people for lunch) but I guess that's to be expected.  It's Vegas, baby.
5	Olives in the Bellagio is a delightful destination for a relaxing evening of fine dining.  Though they made a point of their "business casual" dress code when we made our reservation, no one seemed to mind our casual appearance.  The menu is meat-tastic, so I said I was vegan and asked them to make me something without mushrooms.  I got the most ridiculously large plate of veggies.  My blackberry crush was disgusting; when I told the waiter he was so polite about it and brought me a fresh one which had no bitter after taste.  The decor is dark and laden with candles.  I would certainly dine here again.
5	It is definitely one of my favorites in Las Vegas.  The hubs and I have been there several times and have yet to be disappointed. I love the decor, and the service has always been wonderful.  The food is also excellent - the flatbreads are very good.  The desserts are fabulous!If you can, sit outside and take in the Bellagio Fountains. It is absolutely stunning after dusk!On our first visit, it took longer than expected for us to get seated since we were waiting for the patio.  The manager, who thought we were waiting just a bit too long, gave us some bubbly on the house.  That impressed us immensely!
3	Sad but true. Olives is not what it used to be. Spent my formative years in Boston and worshiped ( I say WORSHIPED) Mr. English. When he opened in Las Vegas he exalted himself to a new status in my book. LV was at it's turning point and he took a gamble. The gamble was good - a lake side patio spot at the Belagio (now everyone has a lake in Los Vegas, right Mr. Wynn?). I'm afraid the glory days are gone. Olives was Olives when they first opened at the Belag. but, now it's another Hotel Restaurant. Im sure it's no easy task to keep that Charles Hill Ambiance in the desert. Where are all the blue blazers? The food: My favorite part was the bread basket. THE best tappenade I've ever had. A garlicky green olive version and lovely kalamata duo. Fantastic bread, great olive oil and marinated olives (duh?). My scallops were dressed to kill in super rich veal demi and chantarelles; accesorized by a brinoise of butternut squash cooked in vinegar with crisp micro-greens. Across the table was a Chestnut Apple Soup. Sub-par. No texture, little flavor. Chestnut's are intense and rich, bold with flavor? Not in this soup. Bad order though if you ask me. This was with a nameless, extraordinarily un-memorable salad (again, can i say BAD order) that I won't bore you with. This could be all chalked up to bad order? The plates are gorgeous, service is great and the view is great. My food was great but, across the board, Olives was a little marginal in my opinion if you are stuck inside. Sorry, Todd!
4	I just had lunch here with my parents, wow, quite an experience. I actually didn't know that Todd English was of the celebrity chef caliber and perhaps that's why I was all the more impressed.It's not an inexpensive meal but I'd recommend a few things (again only ate lunch here): the turkey reuben is delish, especially the fried pickles it comes with; the butternut squash is another winner, and any of the flatbreads are meals in themselves.If you can bear the heat - and they do have water misters - try and sit outside for a gorgeous view from the Bellagio.
3	Good food, good service, but a little overpriced. It's a star or two away from fine dining. They push really hard on the wine, the appetizers, the dessert. If you want a table with a view of the water show, make sure you ask for it in your reservation. Like a dork, I thought all the tables would be able to see the watershow and we got put behind a wall.
3	I liked the wine.  The food was yummy.  But for the money, I want a better overall dining experience.  The talbes were tooooooo close together.ps - for the ladies, the floors are slick tiles.  Take that into account when selecting the stilletos you're going  to wear here.
5	Ok, I really think the overall experience here is sensational.  Fantastic appetizers, wonderful entrees, great wine list, and memorable ambience with the Bellagio fountains.I've been here twice and thought the place was outstanding in both cases.  We made a slight mis-step with our wine order once, but that was our own doing, not the restaurants.I think that if you are going to go to a high-end place, like at the Bellagio, this is the restaurant to try.Update:  went for a 3rd dining experience, and again, it did not disappoint.  Great ambience with the evening Bellagio fountains, great service, and an excellent Mediterranean menu.  I especially liked the Carpaccio appetizer.  Still a top restaurant in my book.
4	what an awesome place to have business lunches!!! this place is so beautiful on the inside.   I just love the milk chocolate ceiling accented with the twisted dark brown wood kinda of resembling the toyota emblem.  hanging from the ceiling are these huge white hanging paper lights that looked like white upside down cylindrical candles with lights around the rim.  i also have to add that the view from our table was phenomenal because it over looked the bellagio fountains with the eiffel tower filling the background.  also, when the sun would get into the eyes of a customer, the blinds would lower to protect the customer from blinding light, and raise again when the sun moved away.  back to the food...since the place is called olives, the red seeded whole and mashed and green seedless whole and mashed olives were yummy when smeared on any of the bread selections.  we started out with the tuna carpaccio which was a big slab of raw tuna topped w lemon ailoli and capers over a bed of greens and a pasta cracker.  i could have really done without the greens b/c it added a bitter flavor to the tuna.  then it was followed by a flatbread topped with asparagus bechamel, prosciutto, caramelized onions, and i also think fig.  oh the taste was sensational, first you feel the crispiness of the flat bread breaking in your mouth, then you taste the salty prosciutto, and then the sweetness from the onions and the fig surprise your mouth.  this is a recommended order people!!!for the entree, i had the jumbo sea scallops with pancetta risotto.  eh...shouldnt have ordered that.  my colleague who has been raving about this place always orders that.  dont get it.  i will return to this place b/c of ambiance, great flat bread, and an entree that caught my eye....Goat Cheese Stuffed Pork Chop (this sounds so heavenly). i also would have ordered the grilled squid and octopus, and beef carpaccio appetizers.  next time ill go w/people who will try anything.
4	The food was quite good, though the breaded monkfish was a bit disappointing. Make sure you sit in such a way that you're not looking at the "window." Who wants to feel like they're eating in a mall?
4	I saw Bill Clinton here! The food was fine - kind of forgettably good really - but what wasn't forgettable was seeing ol' Bill. He sat at the outdoor terrace next to the Bellagio fountains (I almost asked to sit out there, too!). Crowds of people outside the restaurant at every window clamored for a look. We were just as bad trying to surreptitiously take photos.
4	I had a great holiday meal there.  It was very good. The best duck that I have ever had, and I love duck and have it a lot.  My major problem, and really only one, is that it is ridiculously overpriced.  If it wasn't so overpriced I would go a lot more.
5	Olives is a nice middleground restaurant for Las Vegas. It's not ridiculously expensive, but the food is delicious enough to constitute fine dining. It's not insanely opulent, but if you get the right table, you can watch the Bellagio fountains and the decor is quite lovely. It's not a scene-y place, but by merit of being in the Bellagio, the majority of the people surrounding you are swank. I'd recommend Olives for lunch more than for dinner. The salads and flatbreads and burgers are all really delicious, but strike me more as lunch food than as dinner food, especially with all the other dining options around Las Vegas.
4	I love this restaurant which is in the Bellagio.  You can eat inside or outside overlooking the water, which is great when they have the water fall show.  Ok so this restaurant is best for lunch, the ambience is quaint, beautiful colors, chandliers and candles.  They start you off with green and black olive tapanade with breads to dip in.  Soo good!!!  I would recommend the flat breads, no matter which one you choose, it will be fresh, earthy and very filling.  Def make a stop at Olives, they are even in NYC, which is great for me.  But Vegas calls me once a year and Olives will be seeing me again for a fantastic lunch.  Yummy tapanade and flat breads here I come.
5	Met all my expectations!  Food, Service and bar were all exceptional
4	Lunch or dinner, either way, one of my favorite places to dine on the strip.  I have never been dissatisfied here, and even if menu prices are noticeably more modest than at most new strip eateries, it isn't exactly inexpensive.But my people... let me tell you:  if you eat supper here, order the Falling Cake for dessert and make room for it... or simply give in to gluttony.  You'll have to order it at the same time as your meal since the confectionary lovin' in the kitchen takes time.
4	We had lunch at Olives.  It was really nice outside, 65 and sunny and we walked in around 12 and there were several open tables on the patio.  We were seated promptly, however, our server was a little off. They serve olives, green olive and garlic tapenade, and kalamata olive tapenade with crisps and delicious bread as an amuse bouche...all are delicious.  For lunch we ordered a flat bread, the Bronx Bomber as an appetizer, and for entrees, B had a burger and I had the Crispy Tuna Salad.  Both were good, not amazing, but good.  My salad could definitely have used some salt.  There was a great amount of tuna...but there really weren't any standout flavors.What made this meal was the weather, the view of the strip and the fountains.  All made it an excellent meal and a memorable experience.  It was serene and tranquil.  Strange that when we left, the patio was nearly empty and the inside of the restaurant was PACKED.  Good restaurant with a great view.
4	What I liked about this place was the atmosphere and the service.  While the food was good, in my opinion it was over priced.  But I guess a lot of it goes to Bellagio fountain side rent.  Speaking of the fountians only the patio and tables near the window will get you a decent veiw.  My group was seated near the entrance and had a hard time seeing the fountains.  But the rest of the restraunt looked pretty nice or chic as the cool people say.Vegetarian Rating: 3/5 a couple of entree options available (pasta and some pizza style flatbreads).
2	I describe Olives as a huge disappointment.  It has the formula to be a great restaurant.  There are friendly hostesses seating you on time for your reservation in a beautifully appointed dining room, a nice drink/wine list, and an interesting menu.  However, the execution is terrible or at least it was for our dinner experience on a Friday night.First of all, we were seated or crammed into a table about a foot and a half away from people on each side.  Second, we did not get our drinks for fifteen minutes and did not even get water for ten.  When our waiter finally appeared, he told us how busy he was and tried to get sympathy because some old man was demanding.  Okay, we gave him the benefit of the doubt until I asked him a question about the menu and his answer was, "You know, I am going to have come back because I really need to wait on that table."  So much for us sitting there not being helped for fifteen minutes...ugh.With regards to the food, it was above average.  The bread and olive tapenade was commendable.  The boston bibb salad fell in the alright category.  The true winner for us was the portobello flatbread.  I can imagine that if I would have had a salad and flatbread for lunch, I would probably be writing a much better review.  Then, my husband had the risotto special and I had the halibut.  The fish was flaky and quite tasty, but I could not even dent it, it was so large.  The risotto was undercooked and lacked pizazz.All in all, a disappointing experience and not one living up to the name or price of Todd English.  I think it is time for him to drop in on his Vegas restaurant to see how things are going.
4	I don't usually like to eat olives, but the olives they served with my bread were delicious!!  They have foie gras on their menu which I really wanted to try, but I opted for the grilled squid and octopus since my husband doesn't like squid or octopus and this was my opportunity to have some.  While I enjoyed the squid, I didn't like the octopus.  It was too soft and I could tell it was boiled to the point where it had no taste.  Honestly, I don't mind the chewiness of squid or octopus so I think they over did it trying to make it not tough.  But what I really loved was their chestnut ravioli.  It was so delicious in it's reduced brown butter sauce.
3	Known to be simple Neo-American cuisine that pays attention to its ingredients, overall it was a good experience. The interior design was very flowy and romantic, kind of like Lothlorien meets old Spanish metal lamp sculptures. We shared three appetizers and a main course. The salad was satisfactory, the two different styles of foie gras served on one plate was what I looked forward to as soon as I saw it on the menu. One was warm and roasted, one was steamed. Mm... foie gras.... The only thing they failed on was that they did not de-vein the thing properly, which meant it did not cut cleanly and I was fishing for the stringy things. But it tasted great.An interesting part of the menu was an offering of various flatbreads, topped with various offers. We got the simplest one with buffalo mozzarella sprinkled with dry herbs. It was nice and soft, the mozzarella having a bit more dense and less stringy consistency than plain mozzarella, which tells me there was actually thought behind the choice rather than just novelty. It reminded me very much of the pizza I had at Mozza, and I preferred this one much better.The main course was seared salmon with a pepper crust. Very unfortunate in that the server was late in picking it up from the kitchens. It was sitting under the heat lamp for so long that by the time it came to us it was near well done. It still had decent texture, but because it was meant to be seared it wasn't flavored much, but since it was too cooked when we ate it, it tasted very bland. Definitely something I would try again when done right, to see it would have been. With every other dish done pretty well, it was a feeing of sadness more than disappointment.
5	This place gets 5 stars alone for having my favorite Jamaican rum which I discovered on my honeymoon and can never find at restaurants or bars except the bar at my house.  Just to echo everyone below, great bread, great toppings for the bread (I wonder why he calls the place Olives.....) and nice view of the fountains.  I started with a sausage flatbread/pizza that I shared with others at the table.  For the main course I went with a veal chop which was great.  We had to rush though because we were going to see "O" right after dinner.  (By the way, O was a BIG letdown.  I've seen several other Cirque shows, was most looking forward to this and totally disappointed.)
5	There's a reason that I eat at Olives almost every time I visit Las Vegas: its fantastic.  I love everything about this place: the restaurant is gorgeous (remodeled since I was last there) and the service is flawless.  Fun cocktails and an extensive wine list, too.  But the food really stands out amongst a lot of other overpriced restaurants on the strip.  I used to be a fan of the beef carpaccio (back in the day when I ate meat), and I've had dreams about the butternut squash tortellini... scrumptious!  Try a flat bread pizza as an appetizer to share.  The halibut and fennel is nice, too.  Go figure, now I'm hungry!
5	AAAHHHHH!! How to write this review...I'd give the restaurant two and a half stars - It's just alright, but too expensive for "just alright." I'd never eat dinner there again, but I (might!) go for lunch every other time or so (emphasis on the "so") when I visit Vegas. I do, though, go to Olives EVERY TIME I VISIT VEGAS, mind you...Why five stars? Because the BAR IS FIVE+ STARS!!!  The rockstar bartenders there, most noteables are Joey V. and Zak C., actually care to make a good, well-balanced, strong cocktail. They friggin' use a jigger and don't put on a show (Fuck the Flairtenders in Vegas!). Your show begins when you start drinking the perfection in your glass. Never disappointed, sometimes completely suprised, always satisfied. They've got it in the bag, every single time I've been there, which is about a dozen times in the last three years. That kind of consistency is hard to keep up year after year.Damn, thinking about their cocktails makes me want to go find a flight out...
4	Get the jumbo scallops. Oh dear lord, they are like pillows of silky goodness, crafted by baby angels and seared with flames from heaven.. Not that heaven's particularly known for its flames. So maybe flames from hell. But you know, when I think of flames from hell, I think of like super spice! Tongue-numbing hot stuff! And these scallops aren't like that at all. They're tender, juicy, mounds of love, served on a bed of creamy risotto... *sigh*Well anyways, that was my experience the first two times I came here. The third time though, the scallops lacked flavour and the risotto was undercooked. I could feel each separate grain straining against my teeth, and that ain't good. You want your risotto to MELT once it comes in contact with your tongue!!!If you want a somewhat interesting experience, go for the halibut. It rests on a mound of lime-green risotto that tastes like a savory margarita. And I mean that in a good way. Like, you know, margarita, but warm and rich and salty. Okay that doesn't sound too good, but trust me, it's better than it sounds!The service here ranges from ehhh to awesome, depending on when you come. Given the time, our servers were able to pile on the charm and lavish upon us their flattery and attention and come up with numerous recommendations for the night. But when we came again on a Saturday night, the servers were harried and would often disappear for 20 minutes at a time. But not to worry, order a round of the specialty drinks and you won't even notice the lack of attention from your server.
4	First, do the valet on Flamingo road, it's right off the freeway and it is way easier to find Olives when you do that, and you avoid having to walk by any slot machines in or out. This place is so fantastic, you will want to stay all afternoon. Make sure you sit out on the patio so you can see the water show at least one time while your out there.My girlfriend was actually proposed to while sitting out there and they held the show till the groom to be got there to do it!! How cute is that!?I recently had lunch with my mother, Nana, aunt and sister for my graduation. my sister and I shared the portabello flat bread, OMG it was so amazing!!! Sip a glass of bubbly, order something light and gab with girls over yummy food. Some of the dishes are heavy, and I say no to that for lunch. For dinner maybe, so you have your pick. After lunch, walk around the shops and peek into Tiffany's and pick out fab diamonds for later purchase!!
5	So let me say right up front that -- in my experience -- celebrity chefs' Vegas restaurants are ALWAYS a notch or two BELOW that chef's "original" eatery.  The Vegas location is far too often a showplace, a place set up by the casino-hotel to draw in (or keep) patrons by having his (her) name on the door, but with little connection to the famed chef once the menu is approved, the kitchen trained, and first month of operation has passed into history.(See my write-up of Nobu, as one example; and why go to Bouchon when the original is so [relatively] close to where we live?)So it was with some trepidation that we boarded the Southwest flight to Las Vegas for my daughter's 12th birthday.  You know Southwest . . . you get there early, board the plane as part of the "A" group, and then wait as the subsequent hoardes of of "B's" and "C's" crowd the aisles -- moving nowhere, because someone's behind is blocking the aisle as they struggle to squeeze that rolling suitcase that should have been checked anyway into the overhead that's already too full with everyone else's stuff and . . . . But I digress.So I'm sitting in my seat -- the exit row with the extra legroom -- and waiting for everyone to take their seats so we can get this plane in the air, when I look up from my in-flight magazine with the spiffy articles, and who do I see standing in the aisle in front of me?  Celebrity chef Todd English.  OK, I've been to Boston; I liked the original Olive's and Fig's.  Our eyes meet; I say "I like your food"; he says "Thank you," and works his way farther back to a free aisle seat.I ask my wife if she noticed who that was.  "Who what was?" one of my daughters says in a gramatically incorrect but clearly understood reply.  "Todd English," I answer.  "Who?"  "Todd English," I repeat, as if saying it again makes it any clearer.  "Oh," my youngest daughter says, "I saw the name on the shirt, but I thought that was the designer -- you know, like Tommy Bahama."(Yes, it's true, Todd English was wearing his black chef's jacket with his name embroidered on it.)I thumb through the in-flight magazine, find the ad for his New Orleans restaurant "Riche" and show the kids his picture.  "Ooooooh," they say simultaneously, suddenly much more interested.  So the wife and I explain who he is, that he was on the original (pilot episode) of Iron Chef America, that he has restaurants in Boston, etc., etc.About then, the plane pushes back from the gate, the "talkers" explain how to buckle a seat belt to all the people who haven't been in an automobile in 30 years, and we take off . . . By the time the plane lands, our daughters are psyched up to have dinner at Olive's in the Bellagio, and I call from the airport to see if I can get reservations for dinner that night.  I can.  I do.  And that's that.We get to the Belagio, and walk the mile and quarter from the Valet to the restaurant, and I give them our name.  We wait for about 10-15 minutes to be shown to our table, and as we walk in, Todd English comes out from around the bar to head off someplace and we nearly bump into each other.  We say hello to each other and shake hands; he looks somewhat surprised to see us; I say, "Where else would we eat tonight"; he laughs, thanks us, and we go off in two separate directions -- him  to who-knows-where, and us to a gorgeous table outside on a patio overlooking the spectacular water fountains at the Bellagio.Dinner was delightful.  The service was superb.  The food was fantastic.  The waitstaff was wonderful (even to the extent of taking a picture of the four of us for my daughter's birthday with his cellphone and sending us the picture!).  The sommelier was sorry that the name of the winery I worked for was mispelled on the list.And for the first time . . . the food I had at a Vegas restauratn was BETTER than I had at the chef's original location.All I know is that THAT night was magical!
2	Setting:  In a mini-mall full of ritzy shops at the Bellagio.Ambience:  Sucks. Way too dark, way too loud. The patio outside overlooking the water show lagoon looked nice, but like the similar setting at the Paris resort's Mon Ami Gabi directly across the strip, you have to be someone, know someone, or just be lucky to sit there. Food: Mediocre. The bread was fresh, but like from Vons. The tapenade was too salty. The panzenella salad was VERY good- the best thing we ate, really- a thick slice of toasted bread and cheese, covered with quartered heirloom tomatoes and balsamic dressing. I would seriously consider going back just for that salad, but it was on the daily specials menu, so who knows how often they have it.The entrees were so-so. My "flatbread" (pizza) was bland. Joyce's scallops were tasty, but  they were sitting on a bed of luke-warm, undercooked "risotto with pancetta", which had no detectable pancetta in it.Service: OK- prompt, but at the same time, kinda distacted, if you know what I mean.No, we didn't order dessert and coffee (hit Red Mango over on Paradise later for that).We won't be giving this place another chance- too many reliably great choices in Vegas to waste time and money here.
3	Went there in August (the 12th to be exact) for a friends birthday dinner. I liked the decor & ambiance of the place... but that was pretty much all that I was impressed by. My friend picked it because she has a little obsession with the Bellagio water show & she hoped to be able to watch it while we dined. When she called she requested the patio. She was told they don't take reservations for outside, but if we got there early we could request to be sat out there instead of inside. When we got there however, we were told it'd be "a long time before a party of 9 could be sat out there". Wish they would have said this on the phone. We also had this oddball waiter who seemed unable to hear very well & acted quite distracted. When I ordered the Caesar salad, he asked if I wanted chicken on it. I asked how much that would be (as their prices are a bit steep) and he said "$12". Well, the salad itself is $12 so I was a bit confused. After a "Who's on first" back & forth bit, I finally figured out he was saying that adding chicken to the salad is $12... EXTRA!  $24 for a small chicken Caesar salad? Are you kidding me?! Don't get me wrong, when the salad finally came (sans chicken) it was small (two strips of lettuce you have to chop up yourself with the parmigiana sprinkled on top) but VERY good. I still fail to see how they can charge $24 for it when they add chicken... unless of course the chicken himself ends up helping you get into a club of your choice later on that night! Another friend ordered the ricotta ravioli & we decided to split our meals so I had some of that as well. It was definitely NOTHING special. In fact, there was far more sauce than there was ravioli! The ravioli that was there, was all stuck together. Very weird. And so, my opinion of Olives is... I will go back if someone else is paying but never by my own choice. Sorry Todd English... take a cue from Bobby Flay. There's a reason why you were just a guest on ICA and he IS an Iron Chef ;)
1	I ate at Olive's in NYC and gave it 2 stars but the LV-Olives is even worse! Our waiter was retarded: he messedup the order at least 3 times. He was so confused. We ordered the flat bread and it came with no cheese and it wasnt cooked. WTF? What a big disappointment. Once again, nice decor, okay service and good drinks = big bill. im dont like these "new-American" eateries. The food is so dull every time.
2	being that todd english is one of the original iron chefs america, i had high expectations. too bad i was sorely let down. the appetizers were fine, but for my entree i had a terrible lamb shank. the meat was very gamey and i couldn't help but feel that i was chewing on a wet stinky old gym sock. the texture was like a sock too!the service was very slow. the wait staff were very insensitive to our needs. we were in a bit of a rush as we were trying to make it to our show. but after eternities of waiting between courses, we still ended up short on time. therefore, we had to skip my favorite part of the meal - dessert.so we got the hefty bill...and trust me, it was not worth it at all. i would have gladly put that money to playing roullette...even if i put it all on one number, it's got better odds of "winning" than todd english's olives.
4	I always order their carpaccio. Very simple dish and delicious. The flatbreads are okay, a little bland; pasta dishes are decent. Great lunch spot.
5	Beautiful restaurant with amazing food.  The Boston Bibb salad is so simple but absolutely delicious.  Their flatbreads are great too.  I don't like TOO much cheese on my pizzas and these were great options for the picky pizza eater such as myself.  I definitely recommend this place for any romantic date that you still want a laid back vibe to.
4	We just made our second trip to this restaurant this past weekend.  We went with my in-laws who are used to eating/living well who had never been to this restaurant.   We got a table just inside by the windows with a nice view of the fountain show.  We had excellent, attentive service.   The bread/tapenade was as good as we remembered.  We ordered the tomato/basil/cheese flatbread as an appetizer and it was wonderful.   Between the four of us we had the following meals:1.  Pork Tenderloin special:  Fantastic!  Great flavor2.  Fish & Chips special:  My father in law was very pleased3.  Cajun Ciabbata w/fries:  Fries were great but meat in sandwich was fatty.4.  Olives Burger w/fries:  Fries tasted fishy, burger was okay.So we all loved the appetizers but were partially satisfied with lunch entrees.  All of this plus tip was $140.00.We would go back but stick to the olive tapenade and flatbreads for lunch.Reservations are accepted.  We went at noon on a Saturday and got in without a problem.
4	The basics: tasty food, great bar, beautiful decor and good service. The highlight: The chestnut ravioli was outstanding.The incredibly annoying: Olives is the only restaurant at the Bellagio with patio/outdoor seating overlooking the lake/water show, and not only is it an unbelievably minuscule space, but they will not take reservations for those tables - they are first come first serve, even if you have a reservation. It's ridiculous and offensive.
5	Most memorable meal of my life. Crab stuffed trout, flat bread, dirty martinis (a couple too many of those), and numerous other top notch dishes. I admit I was only there once a couple of years ago, but I've never forgotten it and would be truly heartbroken if it really is not as good as it once was.Far superior to Fish Club, Todd English's lesser attempt in Seattle.
4	I enjoyed my meal here last April -- we had a reservation and were seated quickly.  The ambiance is beautiful.  The food here, while tasty -- compares to an average San Francisco restaurant but with Vegas prices.  A great place to eat at a reasonable price point (read: $40 entrees), if you can't afford the more upscale celebrity chef restaurants.
4	Good food, nice atmosphere, not too pricey, good service.The restaurant is always packed due to its location inside the Bellagio so you might want to make a reservation.
2	Just not great.  Much-touted carpaccio was a study in overkill. The beef was great so why smother it with an overpowering mound of blue cheese etc?  Waiter was nice and accomodating, wine recommender (please tell me he wasn't a sommelier), made pedestrian recommendations of wines that you could get anywhere (in spite of asking for unusual choices).  The process took forever as he was indecisive and did not seem to be particularly adept at zeroing in on taste preferences.Sea bass was cooked perfectly but oddly fishy, my friend's scallops were overcooked and ho hum.In an under-served town would get higher ratings; in Las Vegas, not so much.  I would not revisit.
4	Great restaurant with great food and a very accommodating staff.  We were there during the Consumer Electronics Show and I have to admit the staff handled the volume well.  We were seated promptly, food was brought out in a timely fashion, and when one of our guests excused himself for an extended period of time the wait staff took back his placed and put it under a warming light.  As for the food itself their flat bread pizzas are great and the salads were quite large.  Drinks were... well non-alcoholic given that we were there for lunch meetings, but regardless very well mixed.  Beyond that I have to admit despite being the Bellagio I felt the pricing wasn't all that bad so would definitely recommend it for business lunches.  Just make sure you call ahead as they can fill up.
5	Great food and great service! If it's a nice day, ask to be seated on the patio. You can see the fountain show from a different angle. The bread basket is awesome. They have about 4 different kinds of breads - some type of sourdough, some sort of baguette, a paper thin Parmesan-topped crisp, and this awesome onion olive oil herb bread. The breads are also served with kalamata tapenade, green olive tapenade, and whole olives.The daily special was a grilled swordfish topped with shrimp, over a bed of couscous. Excellent dish. The couscous was warm and popped in my mouth with sun dried tomatoes and golden raisins. The grilled swordfish was a hefty sized portion with all the juices locked in. You don't even need a knife. The Olives Burger is big, juicy, and delicious. All the ingredients are extremely fresh and at the peak of their flavors. The fries are wedges and are crisp and hot when they come to your table. Our water was refilled, my hot tea pot was refilled, and the waitress had a friendly smile throughout the meal. Oh yea, their orange juice is fresh squeezed. Yum!
3	3.5 starsexcellent service, some delicious food (the yummy breakbasket, swordfish special and butternut squash tortelli), some decent food (the sirloin and the mahi mahi), nice ambiance.  it's annoying you have to walk out of the restaurant to use the bathroom.
4	To contradict what some of the "this place has changed" folks, I found Olives to be at least as good as before.  This is such an enjoyable dining room.  The bread basket, tapanades, and olives alone would make a meal, and I wondered how much of it I, as a solo dinner, could eat without embarrassment (answer:  a lot).  The ceaser salad and flat bread pizza, along with a fine pinot noir, were exceptional eating.  Staff was friendly, but not warm.  Truly, this is delicious food and a lovely experience, pricey, but it's the Bellagio!
5	My girlfriend and I went here on our last night in Vegas to have a nice 'expensive' dinner - a little splurge for our last night.  Well, it was TOTALLY worth it - and not all that high priced, either.  The first, most important thing you MUST do is wait for a table on the outside patio - if weather permits.  You get an up-front view of the fountains, which are breathtaking at night.  Next thing you need to do is NOT worry about the money - you're going to be spending at least $150 per couple if you want to enjoy yourselves - after all, this IS Vegas people.  The scallop dinner over sweet corn risotto was the absolute BEST scallops I have ever had, and quite possibly the best seafood I've ever had.  The risotto was absolutely delicious!!  If there weren't so many other restaurants in Vegas, I would definitely be going here each and every time - but then, I would miss so much more out there.  But this is definitely something you must try once!!!
4	One of my favorite restaurants at Bellagio.  While not exactly cheap, this place offers a more casual dining experience among the restaurant offerings at this hotel.The service is friendly.  The atmosphere is loud, but not overwhelming.  It's a comfortable dining room with lots of hustle and bustle from the wait staff.  If you're lucky, you will be seated with a fabulous view of the fountain show out front.  If you're not full from the bread basket, the flat bread pizzas are delicious - definitely try one.  Fun with friends or even alone.
4	My introduction to Todd English was with my first bite of the fig and proscuitto flatbread at the Olives in NY. I was hooked and have sought it out in every city where Todd has a restraurant (why Todd, why not in Chicago?). I've eaten at this location of Olives twice now. Both times service was excellent and while it's not cheap, the food is worth the price. The butternut squash tortelli is excellent, and of course the fig and proscuitto flatbread is amazing. I wouldn't even think of coming here and not getting it. If you don't want to eat a full meal here, come for a light lunch and enjoy some wine and flatbread on the patio overlooking the fountains, or sit at the bar where they have a special bar menu from 3-5pm.
4	I gave Olives a 4 for the excellent food and wine.  The atmosphere is really noisy which made it hard to have a conversation.The waiter we had was competent, but tended to not know his stuff.I ordered the steak with the green beans.  I usually focus on the steak, but with this meal, the green beans.  They prepare the green beans with an interesting tempura style.  The deep frying with the batter made the beans taste phenomenal.  Three of us at the table had the steak and green beans and all of us finished the green beans.Oh yeah, the steak with the wine sauce was pretty good too.
4	I love this place both here, in NYC, and in Aspen. Todd English is a master at what he does. I almost always have a great meal here, and I like the high energy this place offers. It isn't cheap, but is one of the most affordable options at the Bellagio.
4	I don't know who Todd is but either way, it seems he and I both like olives - a lot.I thought the look and feel of this place was great - dark but warm and inviting inside with views across the Bellagio water to the Paris Eiffel Tower. As I was perusing the menu when Tammy, the sommelier, came by and asked if I had questions - she was NOT scary or snotty like many sommeliers  do come across. Rather I totally would have asked her a question  - if I had one.Service overall was good, the buser-water boy rocked. My water glass was NEVER more than half empty. My waitress seemed to care if I actually liked the food. I had:The days Starter special: applewood smoked Seared sea scallop on pork belly. Served on top of bean-ish things with a strange sticky but yummy jam thing outlining it. Next to this was a blob of green fluffed stuff with nuts on top - NO flavor. I think it was supposed to be whipped avocado something or other but really the only reason I can fathom it being there was for something green on the dish. Overall this was very good but I got a few very salty bites.The butternut squash tortellonini (sp?) (NOT tortellini - this was a long thin crepe like noodle). With sage in butter and nutmeg sauce. YUM, like dessert on my plate. SO rich in fact, I had to take half home with me (FYI its good room temp too). They gave me this awesome take home bag and utensil kit (wet wipe and toothpick included) too.Now, I'm not sure which of these items reeked havoc on my IBS right after BUT I live to tell another Yelp review...
3	Iron Chef America, not Iron Chef International.So I heard that Todd English was an Iron Chef for Iron Chef America. I was excited to see what kind of food his restaurant Olives could present. I must say that the decor isn't too bad as the seats are comfortable and the olive theme really stood out. However, when the food display after arriving looked less than average and its taste was exactly how it looked. I can't help but to give this restaurant only 3 stars because it doesn't live up to its standards of what an Iron Chef restaurant should taste like. If this was Iron Chef food, the show better watch out because I can be the next Iron Chef America.
4	We were slacking at finding an "upscale" place to eat on a a busy 3-day weekend in Vegas.  I relied on Yelp again to find some good eats.  We called about 2 PM the same day and was lucky enough that someone has just called to cancel, and we got in for 4 people at a prime 7:45 PM.Olives is in the Bellagio in the mall area.  The hostess was very prompt and professional and seated us in our table.  Our waitress promptly arrived and asked for our drink orders.  She seemed disappointed that we only ordered "tap" water (we had enough to drink during the day and the night before), but nevertheless it came promptly, and was kept full for the duration.The menu was sparse with a variety of types of food on it.  Our group ordered the Mahi Mahi and a couple of types of raviolis.  The highlight was the Mahi, with a Shrimp Risotto.  The fish was cooked perfectly, and tasted very fresh (for the desert).  The only complaint that it was very salty.  For dessert, we ordered some falling Chocolate cake, which I think fell from the sky because it took about 25 minutes, but it was excellent.  As we were enjoying our dinner, we realized that we were by far the youngest group there (Mid 20's).  Oh well, we were dressed up to.  Nice simple decor and a view of the fountain show.  About 50-75+ per person, but the food and atmosphere are good.  Worth a try for a nice dinner in Vegas.
4	lovely lovely. great carpacio- enough for a meal!make a reservation for a window seat or on the balcony overlooking the bellagio lake, water foundation. I would definately go back again. top notch all the way!
4	On a warm night, ask for a table outside if there are any available; that way, you can view the famous Bellagio watershow. A beautiful addition to your delicious meal. Also, on a truly hot day, you can feel the breeze + slight spray from the watershow which really cools you off (for about 2 seconds before the droplets sizzle and evaporate on your frying skin).The food was so yummy...the scallops were cooked to perfection - succulent and juicy (and HUGE), not at all stringy or over/undercooked. The rest was slightly forgettable, which is why I only gave 4 stars. Or maybe it's because it was outshined by the other amazing restaurants in Vegas. I would definitely dine at Olive's again - simply for being able to get a front-row seat to the watershow while eating decent food!
4	Flat bread! Yay! Not really. Well that's what everyone else in the restaurant was raving about. Every table had a plate of flat bread on it. Actually everyone at my table, except me and one other friend, ordered flat bread too. I tried a slice with portabello mushrooms and a slice with tomatoes and mozarella cheese. I was not impressed. I thought free basket of bread provided tasted a lot better. So why the four stars? Those four precious sparkly stars go to my butternut squash tortelli and the rack of lamb that my friend order. I thought there could be some improvement in the sauce that the tortelli was placed on, such as a little less salt, but it's no biggie. As long as you drench the tortelli in the sauce, you're good. My friend's lamb was also quite amazing. The meat was really tender and it felt like it melts in your mouth.
4	We were in Vegas for the night and we had several friends tell us to go to "Olives" at the Bellagio for great Italian food.  I mean, there are tons of restaurants along the strip that are probably amazing, right?!  But since we were recommended to eat here, we did, and we thoroughly enjoyed it.  After hitting up Little Italy in NYC, this Italian food did not quite step up to the plate when it came to the sauces, but other than that...the bread here are fantastic and the olive dipping sauce was very tasty.....we ate so much bread that night and lots of olives.  Yay to carbs and monounsaturated fats!!!  I ended up getting a flatbread pizza with basil and tomato...so fresh and tasty and my hubby had a pasta dish with sausage, which was fantastic.  We had a nice romantic seat by the window, so we could see the Bellagio fountains.  Unfortunately the night was very windy....they had to shut off the fountains!  :(  oh well.  Definitely would go again, but since there are so many restaurants to sample in Vegas...next time we would probably venture out.
3	I don't think this place was as great as I had expected it to be.  Was w/ a group of about 8 people.  The service was great, but the food was less than impressive.  From the basket of rolls (very dry), to the carpaccio (too much sauce and too much dressing on the accompanying salad), to my entree (scallops with too much lemon juice), everything to me was just sort of mediocre.  I did like the chocolate cake for dessert, and we also got the peanut butter bread pudding which was tasty.  There was some foccacia in the bread basket too, that was absolutely delicious & perfect in texture.  But overall I expected better of the food.
4	My coworkers and I just had dinner here last night. It is so nice to dine on someone elses dime, I love expense accounts.This is the first restaurant I have ever been to that has a sommelier. I was pretty impressed! The restaurant itself was pretty nice. It had a nice view of the water show in front of the Bellagio. But watching mall goers on the opposite end is not very appealing.I ordered the scallops, and my group and I ordered the portabella flatbread to share. It was delicious.The only reason I'm giving this four out five stars is that I don't think I'd spend my own money here, unless I was a high roller. Nice food can be found in less expensive restaurants on the strip.
3	i went here on my last vegas trip and i have one word ..overrated..i mean the restaraunt itself its nice i think i mean i barely  could see in there..its so damn dark .. service was ok the food was ok but for the price should have been amazing.. everything for me was ok ....i would have expected something more considering its one of the nicer restaurants in vegas..
4	I once saw Todd English make these insane golden, crusty popovers on tv, and I became a "fan" at that moment. I have never tried making any of his recipes, and I don't own one of his cookbooks, but I have been eager to eat at one of his restaurants for years, probably 3 or 4. I had some big expecations, I guess you might say.Olives delivered on service (we sat at a table in the bar, Chris was helpful and engaging), ambiance (sexy and modern) and fabulous concept - updated Mediterranean fusion. However, I felt the menu seemed a little short on variety to me. For a Mediterranean restaurant, I was hoping for more pasta dishes. Chestnuts didn't sound appetizing to me, and the butternut squash ravioli's sounded somehow out of season... kind of heavy for 108 degree Vegas heat. So we ordered the Veal Milanese: rosemary noodles, cipollini onions, whole grain mustard cream, white wine, crazy mushroom ragu, parmesan. It was rich. It was tasty, The noodles were soft, maybe too soft? The cuts of veal looked like chichen strips; I think we both expected them to be more bite-sized and tender than they came out of the kitchen. But the mustard sauce was a real winner. I would try to replicate that at home, wow.We also had the Bibb lettuce salad, and it was fresh and perfect.The complimentary 2 olive tapenades, plus olive salad they serve when you are seated is a fabulous way to kickstart the tastebuds. However, they really should work on the breads if they are going to use insanely good olives... a delicious bread with the right texture- that would be an improvement; ours was a little dry. But how can I really complain about a freebie? For dessert, we ordered the cookie/ice cream sampler, which is an assortment of 3 big cookies, 1 macaroon, a piece of fudge, an almond/raspberry bar and a delicious red velvet cupcake with frosting. It also comes with 3 mini scoops of the day's fresh ice creams: we had vanilla bean, strawberry and Bailey's! The cupcake and Bailey's ice cream were the best things on the plate, and at $11 it was a really reasonable pricetag.This place was great, but I think I'd try one of Todd English's other restaurants before I'd go back to Olives.
5	After many disappointing so-so meals in Las Vegas, we stumbled into Olives at the Belligio. WOW!!! So glad we did. We actually had reservations at Fix, but when we say the menu at Olives we asked if we could have dinner there instead. They were booked, but we could sit at the bar (two empty spaces magically appeared). We grabbed them and Olives said they would cancel our other reservations for us (thank you!). Again - WOW. My friend had the special sea bass (YUMMY) and I had the pork tenderloin...oooh yes. Sooo good. The servers were outstanding too. They had a great patio to see the water show, but reservation are definited needed for that. Will be coming back next time and recommending to everyone.
2	Went here this past weekend with my family for my mom's birthday. I had made a reservation 2 weeks in advance and requested to hopefully sit on the patio. The lady said she would put it in, but it isn't guaranteed, I said fine. We were so excited to finally eat here after all the reviews. Something must have happened to the chef!First of all, the front desk lady was horribly rude and condescending. I told her I would love to have my requests met since this was a special occasion and my reservations were 2 weeks in advance.BE WARNED reservation or not, the patio is first come first serve. Great. This is the ONLY reason you would go to this restaurant and they know it. She told me I had to wait 45 min. We had show tickets in about 2 hours that was cutting it close. That was a NO.She ROLLED her eyes and said ok, wait here then. Excuse me little lady, but get over yourself. I politely asked ( I know you think I was rude, but seriously I was trying to have my polite Vegas face on when you try to get things your way), asked her if we could get something close to the patio doors so we could at least see out the window. This place is SO dark inside, that I was sure my dad would complain that he couldn't even see the menu. Yes, he did. You know where there little hipster sat us? It was near the window...BEHIND the busboy/cashiers desk area. What view did we have? NOTHING. UrrrghhhhhOk, well I thought the food would make up for it. No. The food is so overpriced for what you get, and I dine out a lot am willing to pay for a great meal (at Atelier the portions are 2-3 bites for $20+ COMPLETELY worth it). Oysters- SALTY, bland and yuck. You get 4 in an order for $17Carpaccio- Ok this was not bad. It was not the best, but ill give them this one.Ceaser Salad- $17- Good. How could anyone mess this one up. Count them...1 ....one.... crouton in the salad. Thats right. Mahi Mahi- SALTY and not not not worth $45Steak- Edible, good portion, you can have better elsewhereSalmon- ok. Complimentary dessert for mom's birthday- 3 pea sized truffles. Wow do they splurge or what.!Seriously, our waiter was excellent, friendly and funny. The food was not memorable or good. Total bill was around $250 for 4 people that are including a beer and a bottle of wine ($34). ONLY go here if you have having drinks on the patio. So many other choices in Vegas. Will never come here again.2 stars for the waiter and the ok steak/salmon. Thats it.
5	The decision to come here was based purely on our coincidental proximity to the entrance when our lunch hunger statistic went critical.  We were seated promptly and given what was some simply fantastic assorted bread.  The breads were all warm, soft, and fresh, and included a particularly yummy type I would guess is called onion-topped foccacia.  Amazingly enough, the bread was not the star of the complimentary appetizers.  They also brought out a dish with black and green olives and olive spread in the same two varieties.  The green one was enjoyable enough with quite a bit of natural kick, but the black one was pure magic.  It was almost like like secretly mixed butter into it.  I'm completely full right now but somehow this is still making me drool.We ordered the portabello mushroom panini and the butternut squash tortelli.   Both were particularly fresh and pleasant; the pasta was probably a bit inbalanced with the few bites that had enough cheese on them being the better ones.  A very nice surprise was the fried pickles that came with the panini.  Don't cringe - these were plenty mild, probably because of the frying, and when dipped in the provided mustard sauce generated a little dose of magic.Service was very prompt and attentive, and our only regret was that we couldn't eat more.  We came in with no expectations, and left plenty happy and only about $40 poorer after tip.
4	This is a great location for a romantic evening or just  a night to gather with friends and take in the fountains of Bellagio. The added feature to this dining experience is that you could make reservations to dine on the outside patio that over looks the fountains. I would recommend making reservations. The evening started off with a basket of bread and three various olive spreads. Now I don't do olives but I had to try it especially with this being my first time here. I tried the dark jam like spread which was really good. I didn't really care for the other spreads since it had a really strong olive spread. Our server was awesome very friendly and really was the driving for in our experience. I was tossed between the Salmon and the Chicken and after speaking to the server I ordered the chicken which was set on top cream mashed potato with side of green beans and with some greens with a lite vinaigrette dressing. My friend had the same dilemma between the two ravioli dishes that they have. The server recommended getting a 1/2 and 1/2 order. WOW!! That's all I have to say the chicken dish was awesome. The chicken was moist and filled with flavor. The greens with the dressing was a nice touch. I took a bite of my friends ravioli dish and wow it just melt in your mouth it was de...licious... I will have to try a full plate of that next time I go.
4	I've never had anything at Olives that wasn't completely fantastic.  Drinks are delicious, too.  Minus one star since it gets very loud.  If you want a cozy, intimate dining experience, this is not the place.  Fabulous food, though.  You won't be disappointed if you are looking for a delicious meal.
4	If you are going to Vegas, go to Olives.  And a day before you go, call and try to reserve a table for dinner on the veranda.  We weren't as thoughtful and reserved a couple hours before we intended on eating, so they seated us indoors- trust me, this didn't take away from the evening due to our amazing waiter!  We started the night with wine and we split a crab cake, which was FRESH and yummy.  Nice a crispy on the outside, and creamy on the inside.Next, came the entrees...I ordered the almond-crusted swordfish with a lobster vinaigrette and boyfriend ordered the sea scallops.  I nearly died when I had that first bite of swordfish.  Holy Cow.  I was in food-induced shock.  The swordfish ate like a steak, and the layer of almond slivers on top went perfectly with it.  Combine that with a sort of potato salad drenched in this lobster vinaigrette with chunks of lobster meat.  Jesus.  Words can't explain how perfect, it was.  Also- the portion was huge.  More than enough to supplement for the fact that boyfriend's sea scallops were meh.  They were cooked perfectly, but the raisin sauce over it was way too sweet.  We were able to split the swordfish and both be satisfied.Our waiter came to us several times during the meal was really friendly and extremely courteous.  When he suggested dessert, we were enticed, so we ordered the trio of sorbets.  Our waiter asked if we would like to take dessert on the veranda, and we were more than happy to accept!  On the veranda, we enjoyed coconut, raspberry and mango sorbet in the sweltering vegas heat at ground level of the Bellagio fountains.  A true gem.
3	Had lunch on a Saturday afternoon at Olives and wasn't impressed.  It's not that the food and drinks was bad, it was just too pricey for what you got.  Make sure you avoid Mojitos here, because at $14 a piece, they were more expensive than each of our lunch entrees.Perhaps dinner would be better?
4	This place is beautiful!  No wonder there is always a line every time I walk by!Service = Good nothing spectacularAmbiance = the decor is beautiful, but that's sort of Vegas!Food = tasteful but not amazing, go with Scallop!  Price = $$$$Crowd = Impressive feel, with good blend, love the Vegas crowd, everyone is just out to enjoy life!Personal Favorite = ambiance and crowdWorst = Expected a bit more from a celebrity chefMy meal for two = $140Final Say = Drinks at the bar with appetizer should suffice!
4	My friends and I stumbled upon here by accident.  It was the last day of our trip and we wanted a drink at Fix, but it was closed.  We had dinner reservations at Spago, so we thought we'd make our way over there and grab a drink on the way.  That's when we found Olives.  Their bar was open so we stopped in.  Their bartenders are fantastic, their martinis are huge and the water show's wonderful.  As we were sipping our drinks, I was curious about the infused vodkas.  That's when the bartender asked if I'd like a taste.  Of course I would!  So he poured me a good amount, shook it up to chill it and served it up.  That's service.As we were sitting there, since the bartenders were so nice, we decided to cancel our Spago reservation and ate at Olives.  We also wanted to sit outside and watch the fountain show.  The patio seating is 1st come, 1st serve and we had no problem with that.  What we had a problem with was the gale force winds blowing through.  It blew down a bunch of the glasses on the tables, which changed our minds about dining al fresco.  Once we were back inside, we ordered and our apps came out.  They were HUGE.  Just as big as their martinis.  Had I known that, I would've stuck with just the apps.  When my entree came out, I could barely eat it and ended up taking it home.  Yes, home on the plane - it was that good.The best part was that we were sitting next to the door and the candle on our table kept blowing out.  But our server was super diligent in re-lighting it over and over again.  It was either diligence, or fear of getting his ass kicked for not keeping it lit.  Kudos to him!
4	I had the wonderful pleasure of having lunch at Olives this past weekend. We were seated on the patio overlooking the Bellagio "lake."While we were eating we were treated to the fountain shows. The only downside was that it was bloody hot, but there were water misters above the umbrellas and the waiters were good about re-filling your water glass.YOU MUST order the flatbread. Crisp and delicious and very good quality olive oil drizzled on top of course. We tried the prosciutto and fig variety. We also had the grilled octopus and squid for appetizers. I wasn't to crazy about the crab cake sandwich that I had, but the other entrees ordered--lamb chops, grilled chicken breast, pulled pork and hamburger were great!!!Great treat, definitely Vegas Worthy!
4	I've eaten here three or four times over the years.  1st time on the patio, had some sort of lobster risotto that I still talk about.  Recently there (vegas) for my bday (hey, girl, happy bday!) and stopped in for a late nite thing on our first night.  we ate lite, but it did not disappoint.  cocktails were great!  flatbreads were great.  had the greek salad...great!  also tried the tuscan meatballs.  sheee-yit they were good and I don't even like beef!!  went to eiffel tower restaraunt in paris the next night and I was seriously wishing we were back at olives.  it's just comfortable and I've never had a bad dish there (unlike eiffel tower).
3	I thought the appetizers were really good. I had the seared foie gras steak and the beef carpaccio, both were absolutely delicious! I was not impressed with the fig & prosciutto flat bread. The prosciutto was cut too thick. Although I have to preface this by saying that I just had the prosciutto thin crust pizza at Mario Batali's Enoteca San Marco restaurant in the Venetian the night before, and it was absolutely delicious. So in comparison, Olive's prosciutto flat bread fell flat.I also tried some of my husband's Grilled pork tenderloin dish, it was average. The atmosphere was cool, but for the money, I would go with Daniel Boulud at the Wynn or Batali's Enoteca San Marco!
5	my friend told us about this place and we decided to try it. we didn't make reservations and we got lucky that there was table but it was right next to the door, which was fine. our waiter was very friendly. my friend got the short ribs which was really good, i got the butter nut squash pasta which was very good but a lil too fulfilling, and my boyfriend got the steak with tempera green beans, that was soooooooooooooooo yummy. aftwards we got dessert which was some cookies and it came with a cupcake ( i love cupcakes and barly any restaurants ever serve cupcakes) it made e so happy, but the cupcake was nasty! lol! i highly reccomand this place. vegas never lets me down
4	ok...been to this place 3 times now and it definitely does NOT disappoint...and after this only 4 stars...the reason being is because the name of the restaurant...OLIVES...not a big fan of olives...and you ask why i come here...the first time i ever came here was because of a congratulatory dinner from the owner of my company...the 3 pastes that they give you for your flatbread are all olives...and that is the only reason...but if you LOVE olives...you would give it 5....the CAESAR's salad is to die for...one of the best...if not THEE best caesar salads i have ever had....the bone-in RIBEYE....yeah you can cut it with a butter spoon...if you can find a butter-spoon...the ambiance and the view is great! a little dim...so for all you romantics...the service is pretty darn good...and the cocktails and food is mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...i think you get the picture...thats enough m's....when you come to vegas...come and eat here...but be warned...its VEGAS...don't be a cheapskate...2 people...minimum with tip $200...if you like the good stuffi crave for this place
2	I am giving Olives two stars because what we ended up getting to eat was good.  D had a tuna tartare that was really nice, but extremely spicy.  English (or whoever) threw a wrench into the works by adding some shrimps, nice.  I ate a gigantic beef carpaccio....GIGANTIC and delicious.  However, that's where the fun ended.  We waited over 30 minutes for our entrees before bolting.  And one of the bartenders was an outright bitch.  Rude as hell.  The other bartender was a peach.  They made us talk to the manager before allowing us to cancel our entrees and pay the bill.  Whatever.  Will not be going back.
4	Had a great meal at Olives!!  Portabello mushroom flatbread was outta this world in my opinion.  Great view of Lake Bellagio.  Unlike alot of people, I found sitting inside the restaurant better than being outside.  Outside seemed too loud with the music from the fountain shows.
4	GREAT FOOD!The service was less than great.  I had to wait a long time before my water glass was refilled.  I tried the slow cooked... 6 hr braised short ribs.  It was ONE of the MOST AMAZING things I've ever tasted.  Very tender meat, good spices... so good.The restaurant also serves GREAT, TASTY bread that comes with 2 types of olive tapenades and olives.  I am not a big fan of olives so I didn't really enjoy the tapenades as much.They have a cool drinks menu.  The ambiance inside is dark and quite elegant.  I'd definitely go back for the short ribs.My friends tried the porterhouse.. IT was a large steak.. covered mostly by fried green beans.  They said that it was very tasty.I really wanted to try some of the fish dishes too but it's quite expensive here.  I was tooooo full after dinner to eat dessert so I better not eat so much bread next time.
5	5.1i sooo wish i was in vegas right now so i could sink my teeth into that heavenly seared foie gras w/ duck confit & chicken w/ baby greens.. ugh.. yummm! sitting out in the veranda made dinner that much more enjoyable.. music & water show paired with great food & great service.. & being with my lovies.. what more could you ask for? this has got to be one of my best dining experiences, ever! a must-go when in vegas.. i cannot wait to go back!   = )(this review actually raised the standards by which i give out "the stars")
3	Food is ok... well, the crab cakes were great... but the rest was just  ok especially for a celebrity chef destination.  Their best is feature is their wine list... very comprehensive and the prices were not too outrageous. I will go back if I get a hankering for those crab cakes.
3	Good food. There are much better places in Vegas.
5	Make sure to get a flatbread dish.  I had one with prosciutto and figs.  Wow.  I paired my meal with a Spanish mencia wine.  If you are ordering several dishes, split the pasta because it is way too much for one person.  I loved my butternut squash ravioli dish, but I had a lot left over.  Dessert was really cool.  It was a tea infused creme brulee with lemon scones.  A very Iron Chef interpretation of tea with scones, to say the least.
5	Pound for pound, this is one of the best restaurants in Las Vegas.Great wine program, and fantastic food.Don't miss the Steak Tartare appetizer.Classified as casual at the Bellagio, but you're going to want to spend some dough here.Ask for patio seating in advance.
5	every little thing in this restaurant was pure perfction. even the little pats of butter and olive spread for the perfectly baked bread was oh so tasty. all the plates were beatifully served.. the staff was courteous and professional. ambiance was wonderfully romantic....
5	Probably the most consistently good restaurant on the strip. It's got everything: Great fresh food (at a reasonable price), good service, amazingly good bloody marys (and I usually hate bloody marys), and hands down the best outdoor patio in Vegas (it overlooks Bellagio's fountain lake).There are  no real negatives to this place except that the patio only seats about 15 tables. Also, we only go for lunch. As far as dinner service and fare goes, we are clueless. Todd English gets it right everytime for us though...no wonder he beat the Iron Chef.
5	The views, the wait staff and decor is 1st class!!!  The food however is a grade above.  Everything on the menu is excellent.  Order the beef carpaccio appetizer, it melts in your mouth.
2	unremarkable food and subpar service.  came here for dinner with a friend and was underwhelmed.  we ordered a few appetizers...one of them being octopus...it was over cooked and had a weird mushy texture...extremely unappetizing.  i also ordered steak for my entree (which rarely do)...i asked for medium rare and got medium.  wasn't asked to cut the steak to see if it was cooked to the right temperature.  and to make it worse, it was very chewy...took maybe 3 small bites at the most.  our server came by asked me if i was done...and took the plate away...he didn't even ask if i liked it.  will not be back
5	Came here last minute on Sunday after the O show and got right in. We were seated indoors but right next to the windows so we had a nice view of the fountains.  A lot of the nice restaurants at the bellagio are TOO fancy fancy for me. I don't understand half the stuff on the menu. This place seemed like a good choice after reading the reviews. My boyfriend and I shared the oysters, beef carpaccio, and portebello flatbread pizza. The beef carpaccio was one of the best things I've ever tasted. I don't know what it is about it, but it really does melt in your mouth. My boyfriend loved it as well. I really can't wait to go back for more.Oysters were good, and flatbread pizza was yummy too...nothing spectacular, but the crust is perfectly thin and crispy.And the pricing is not bad at all! Our total came out to $64 w/o alcohol.
2	(Written after my trip to Vegas, July 2008) My father ranted & raved about this place and insisted we eat here. When the busser came around to fill our water glasses, he couldn't understand a simple English phrase such as "no, not bottled water" and brought bottled water anyway. Bad taste! Please hire people that speak English if you expect them to speak with and wait on your customers. The olive spread that was brought for our bread was tasty, I enjoyed that part of the meal. For my lunch I ordered the portobello & tomato panini. Expecting it to be a light lunch, it was extremely heavy and greasy. It made me feel queasy for the rest of the day. Overall, this place was not worth it. Not an excellent dining experience as I strive to find in my adventures in life. Next time I am in Vegas, I will certainly pass this place up.
4	I love Todd English and all his olive's chains.  Ordered food to go for our trip back to LA and loved the mediterranean vibe of the bar and the restaurant.  This place has a view of Lake bellagio so it just adds to the character and personality of the establishment.  We got the italian panini and it came with fried pickles and fried pepperoncinis.  They were spectacular even after sitting in the car for awhile before I opened up the food.  Also got the burger and fries, the burger came with onions sauteed in balsamic and it added to the mediterranean feel.  Really yummy.
2	I had lunch here last August. The service was average, the setting was average, and the food was average. Not terrible, but I will try another place on my next LV visit. I expected something creative and well executed from Todd English, but it was very, well... average.
5	This place rock's , very nice dining, the prices for lunch are NOT expensive, ask for the balcony in the middle near the water, i posted a picture up on here check it out and let me know what u think. our waiter's name was scott and he was the best waiter we ever had, he is very friendly and he's funny too, the view we got of the fountains was exquisite. 5 star's and the FOOD was the best for the price and dessert we got was under $60, and be aware that u may get wet while on the balcony if the wind is blowing in the direction u are sitting, wet like a mist not drenched.
5	You cannot leave Vegas until you eat lunch at Todd English's Olives outdoor balcony at the Bellagio.  The view is beautiful and you get a clear view of the "dancing water" show while enjoying your meal.  We decided to eat here right before our flight and it was a great idea ordering 3 rounds of their lovely mojitos,  making the airport wait bearable.  I ordered the Seared Pacific Northwest Salmon and it was mouthwatering perfection.  +5 because the food and the experience was worth the price.  Which, if you think about it, most of us don't pay attention to expenses when we are on vacation.
4	At Olives within the Bellagio,You'll find shades of light Caravaggio   Would love to portray.   Its chefs, I would say,Hit zesty home runs like DiMaggio.The dark interior of Olives with its spot lamps creates a play of light on dark that a 16th century Baroque painter with a dramatic flair for chiaroscuro would appreciate. The evening we were there, they also hit a tasty home run in my culinary ballpark. However, you don't have to know much about Caravaggio or Joe DiMaggio to appreciate the goodness of this excellent restaurant at the Bellagio.We arrived early on a Friday night in February before attending the 7:30 Cirque du Soleil "O" show. We were shown to a table next to the window where we could easily see the fountains out front. Our waiter, Paul, promised not to dally too much so that we wouldn't be late for the show. Because we were time constrained, we only ordered main courses and wine. There were five of us who ordered and shared four dishes: a sirloin, a beef tenderloin, a pork tenderloin and (last but certainly not least) a lamb popsicle special that I hogged all to myself except for a few bites.These delicate lamb chops, served rare, were simply luscious. I sampled the tenderloins and sirloin, but their flavor paled next to the lamb. Complementing the meal perfectly was a Petite Sirah from Clavo Vinyards near Paso Robles, CA. There was absolutely nothing petite about its robust tongue-tantalizing presence. I got my big "O" for the evening, not from Cirque du Soleil, but from the meaty delights found at O-lives.Being that we were at the Bellagio, the meal, the tastiest I had in Vegas, was a major $$$$plurge. The bill (excluding tip) came to $330 for four entrees and two moderately priced bottles of wine.
4	Price: expensiveAtmosphere: BeautifulService: ExcellentFood: InterestingBusiness lunch 2ppl, I did not expect such a limited menu, I ordered the Bronx Bomber (pepperoni pizza flatbread) Good not great. Love this place but the menu did not match the name and atmosphere.........Love the Bellagio hotel so it gets 4 stars.
4	The food here is very good. As far as the price all I have to say is that you're in the Bellagio so it's not going to be cheap but it's Todd English's place so it could be in Excalibur and still be semi-pricey. But it's not as expensive as say the China Grill at Mandalay.
1	If I could rate this place -5, I would. Worst service ever. Horrible food. And absolutely no understanding of how to treat customers. Left after what they call 'beef carpaccio' showed up... more like a mushy raw meat pizza.
5	LOVED this place! my friend recommended this place since i was looking for restaurants to eat at in vegas... we had lunch reservations and this is what we orderedappetizer: Beef carpaccio - polenta, roquefort crema, shaved parmesan, cipollini onions (excellent! good size for 2 people.  the meat and the sauce was a good combination) entree: Pan seared jumbo sea scallops - with mushroom risotto and arugula salad with crispy onions (excellent! the sea scallops were cooked perfectly! couldn't ask for more... the mushroom risotto was a perfect match with the scallop)entree: catch of the day - chilean sea bass (cooked perfectly! not overcooked or undercooked! the portion was just right so it doesn't make you feel stuffed!) they also provide bread/flat breads with 2 different olive spreads (very good) we were so full that we didn't even get dessert... it's a must-go-to place in vegas
4	MM! I love this place!  My bf took me here for lunch on one of our trips to Vegas and it was absolutely delish!First off, I have to absolutely recommend the peach Bellini.  I usually don't like this kind of mixed drink..I'm more of a wine/Champagne or vodka gimlet girl, but I just could not resist when I read the description - sparkling wine and peach puree..SOOO GOOD!My memory is a little hazy on what my bf ordered, but I ordered the Olive burger.  I know, I was thinking it would be too heavy, but how can you resist a burger that comes with a balsamic glazed onions and PARMESAN FRIES (I am in a deep french fries obsession).  It was no short of amazing.Decor-wise, the place is beautiful as well.  It also has an outdoor seating area which I'm looking forward to sitting at when we go back for dinner.The only reason why I cannot give this place 5 stars is because of their carpaccio.  It was horrid.  They pile on so much carpaccio onto your plate, it looks unappetizing..I feel like carpaccio is something that should be presented  in a way that portrays how delicate it is...I found out, there really can be too much carpaccio.  And I do recall, it started to taste a little gamey and it seemed to be sliced a little thick - my bf and I really really did not enjoy this dish.The oysters were pretty unappetizing...couldn't really tell if they were supposed to be raw on the half shell or baked? Kinda confusing..and the taste didnt make up for its looks.  I dont recommend ordering the oysters at all!! (Then again, what do expect when you come from the coast to eat in the desert)But other than the carpaccio, it was an absolutely delightful lunch and we're really looking forward to our next meal here! :)
2	Unremarkable lunch. Nothing on the menu screams for me to try.** Tuna carpaccio: pretty good size and tasted fresh.** Grilled scallops over mushroom risotto: salty, salty, salty. They must've sprinkled salt over the greens too. Three small scallops = $25ish. ** Burger: a bit dry. ** Lamb chops: asked for medium and they came bloody. A tad sweet, a little gamey.** Rotisserie chicken: a tad salty, a bit dry.Service was off and on...
5	OMG!!!! HOLY Cow!!! seriously  who ever took care of that cow deserves a hand.... YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY  I felt like I was in heaven when I took a bite of the best Filet Mignon I've ever had... and trust me I've had my share of Steaks in my Life.. WOW..Just thinking about it right now makes my mouth water....It was so good I went back the next time I was in Vegas...cant wait to go again and have THE best Filet!!!!!OH and I cant forget about the View... You can watch the Bellagio Water show every 30 minutes!!!!!!Seriously.... let me go book my next Flight to VEGAS. NOW... anybody want to come with me????
4	i've only been here once and it was a few yrs ago. From what i remember i enjoyed everything, from food to atmosphere. It was an unfortunate that we didnt get to sit by the window and watch the bellagio fountain while we eat, that would have been a bonus.Till this day, all i can think of is their artichoke salad. It was SOOO freaking good. I sometimes still crave for that salad in which i cannot find anywhere else. I believe it was a special dish for that evening when i went. Whenever I walk by Olives when i'm at vegas, i dont see the artichoke salad on the menu anymore. Anyway, the salad was a small portion, it was very light in the sauce, but at the same time it was very flavorful. I remember there was a buttery taste? actually i'll take that back, i dont even remember and i dont want to say the wrong thing... all i know is that it was really good and that i wish i can have that right now in front of me. we also ordered a flatbread, that was tasty too. Tha'ts all i can say, i dont remember what i even order. Oh well, i guess this gives me an excuse to go back to Olives and try other dishes so i can update my review.  :)
3	Very nice settings and view.  I was there for the 20 year anniversary special lunch menu.  $25 for 3 items.  Ordered the Tai-styled oyster tomatoe soup - way too salty.  If not it would have been good.  But only 1 oyster!Then the squash pasta - very tasty.  House made pasta, done very well.  But too oily and a bit salty.  I wonder why they keep putting so much salt on it if the flavors are supposed to be good.Lastly the desert - chocholate and icecream.  OK. Want to rate 4 stars if not for the SALT!
5	For two people that hate olives, my boyfriend and I loved Olives.The service was SPECTACULAR and it made everything that was already great so much, much, much better. The best drinks I had during our week in Vegas were here. They were the first drinks we had here too, which should be noted. Very tasty...Our server was honestly so great that I wish I could remember his name. Brian said he was hitting on me, but I so don't think so. He was just a very nice and authentic guy in a very strange and shallow town.They bring out some olive purees, relishes and stuff, but since we don't love that we had some butter and an alternative dipping sauce that was much more to our liking. The breads were good and sour. We especially liked the one with onion on the top.For lunch, we had pasta. I had one with clams and sausage in a spicy red sauce that the waiter recommended. I ate every last bite. It was totally, totally good. I almost got carried away and ate all of Brian's too. His had a more alfredo-type sauce with a bunch of bacon. Both dishes, I have to say, were superb.Everyone is talking about how great the ambiance was, but I think that was the weakest aspect of the dining experience at Olives. Brian complained that the table was too small (he's a tall guy) and too close to the other tables. He also stated that it was a little on the pricey side. One positive aspect was that I could see the Dior boutique from my table. Eff the fountains, show me some handbags. Oui!By the end of our lunch, I was completely drunk and full and happy. I have nothing but love for Olives. I wanted to go to this place a second time during our stay but Brian said no. But we'll be back on our next visit. I loved it. S.W.A.K.
5	On a recent trip to Las Vegas this is the restaurant I chose for our "big" meal.  This is the Las Vegas location of celebrity chef Todd English's signature restaurant, Olives (named for his ex-wife...funny).  This location happens to be in the stunning and beautiful Bellagio Resort and Casino.  The restaurant itself is also really pretty inside, with a FANTASTIC view of the Fountains (and by proxy the Fountain Show) outside of the Hotel.  So if you can score a table by one of the windows, thats some bonus action for you.So on to the food...Unfortunately my girlfriend wasn't that hungry.  She had the Ceasar Salad.  Although she did say it was the best Ceasar she had ever eaten, so thats good.  We also munched on the complimentary Olive selection and warm chewy breads brought to our table.  For my main course I went with the Oven Baked Atlantic Swordfish.  It was phenomenal.  The portion was also pretty large, which was nice (although it stopped me from getting Dessert it was so big).  The fish was cooked just right, and the sauce that came on it was outstanding.  I could've ordered a glass of that!  So anyways if your looking for a lovely dining experience in Vegas, you certainly have a million choices, but you can't go wrong at Olive's, especially with the views.  I wouldn't go back to the one in Vegas, but just because I haven't been to many other places there, and theres so many to pick from.  Las Vegas is dangerous for a foodie.  I think next time I'm in Orlando though, I will check out Todd English's BlueZoo.  Great stuff.
4	I was very impressed with Olives. We came on Saturday night around 8:30 and the place was packed. The hostess said there were no more reservations for two available, but we got lucky and two seats opened up at the bar. The restaurant itself is absolutely beautiful.Attentive, knowledgeable and friendly staff.Beautiful bar with lots and lots of drink possibilities (and very talented bartenders).Now onto the food. Our server brought us warm bread and a plate of olives. The plate had both green and black olive tapenade in addition to a selection of whole olives with garlic. The bread was slightly sweet thanks to a few raisins in each piece, which made for a wonderful contrast with the flavor of the olive tapenade. This was a great way to start the meal.We started with the Napoletana Flatbread. The ingredients were pretty good, but not the best; the Parmesan did not taste like the authentic Parmigiano Reggiano I would have expected. However, the dish overall was quite good, with a fun balance of tastes and textures.For our entrees, we got the Chestnut Ravioli and the Butternut Squash Tortelli. The Chestnut Ravioli had a wonderful flavor that seemed to deepen throughout the tasting experience. I found myself leaning back in my chair near the end of a bite, completely awestruck by how interesting and flavorful the ravioli was. The sauce didn't seem to have much flavor, but the spinach and parmesan cheese complemented the ravioli very well.The Butternut Squash Tortelli (i.e. big tortellini) were great as well, though some may think they're a bit too sweet.Overall, a wonderful dining experience for not too much money. Additionally, the restaurant is situated right next to the fountain outside the Bellagio, which means you can see the fountain show from inside the restaurant.
2	I made reservations awhile back, specifically requesting a patio seat and realizing we probably wouldn't get it, I was spot on.  Instead, we were crammed in the front of the restaurant.  The restaurant itself was quite dim, but the view out into the shopping area was distractingly bright.  It was awful.  Our table was very oddly configured for 5 people and we physically had to move it in order not to be sharing space with another group.  The hostess was rude.Onto the food...we had the three course special.  The butternut squash ravioli was amazing.  The sauce complemented it perfectly.  The server had rec'd the steak and I should have heeded his advice even though I am not a huge steak fan.  The paella was horrible.  Completely dreadful.  The mussel shells shattered when you touched them and the meat inside was inedible.  Blech all around.  The chocolate cake was your standard molten chocolate cake that they serve at Chilis.
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant. We went there with a large group of 11 people and the food and service was great. I ordered the short ribs as my entree and the meat was extremely tender and flavorful. It could not have been better prepared. Also that evening I had one of their flatbreads which was also very tasty. I would definitely recommend this restaurant, and would go back again.
5	Stopped in for lunch as we were shopping around the Bellagio.  The hostesses were extremely friendly and greet you as soon as you walk in.  My friend was a little on the skeptical side as she does not like olives.  But we both ended up enjoying our food.  We ordered the beef carpaccio for an appetizer and our nice waiter let us know that it was a big portion to share between two people.  We ordered it anyway as we were starving from a morning of shopping but I thought it was very nice of her to warn us of the portion size.I ordered the butternut squash tortelli and loved it!  Not something I'd normally order but I enjoyed it immensely.  Also the bread/breadsticks with the olives and olive oil was delicious.The service and the food were terrific!  I have recommended this place to all my friends that go to Vegas.  EXCELLENT SERVICE made this a great experience.
3	Good spot here! English's NYC and Boston restaurants I believe are the first but this joint has been around about 10 years I believe.  We went for lunch and my wife had the tuna carpaccio: olive oil mashed potatoes, crisp pasta cracker, lemon aioli, capers & parsley. I tried a bite, good carpaccio but for my tastes not to the level of some of Yoshi's Oakland recent offerings (tuna wise). She also had the alla napoletana flatbread: tomatoes, roasted onions, buffalo mozzarella, shaved parmigiano-reggiano, tomato sugo, arugula, basil - decent.  I had this wonderful dish, one of those few dishes that after reading the description on the menu delivers above expectations: grilled squid & octopus: vinaigrette of chickpeas, tomatoes, toasted garlic & parsley.  Easily some of the best octopus i've ever had.  Starting w/ 5 stars i drop two for: 1) asked server to make my margarita w/ just herradura, lime, cointreau NO sweet & sour or simple syrup. Tasty margarita but served instead WITH sweet & sour (I thought he was french, wife thought maybe German? i'm bad w accents I guess, but def. a language problem) and horrible beer selection.  No belgians unless you call that swill Stella Artois a belgian (Belgiums version of Budweiser, perhaps! InBev having just purchased Budweiser!).   Enjoying a barley pop at this place is taken so lightly that they've even managed to spell Newcastle Brown Ale "New Castle".   But the wine list looked great w/ 2g$ cristal and a 1999 louis roederer magnum at a paltry (for Bellagio standards! the restaurant is at Bellagio) 5g$.   Wife had a fine Chalone chard at a mere 16$/glass.  Each started w/ a perfectly serviceable Bellini.   Check it out.
4	Las Vegas is the epiphany of dining options, with something for every palette at seemingly any time of day.  Sure, one can get ham and eggs for $1.99 in the Fremont Street district, but save that for the end of the trip when the dealer's gotten the better of you.  While you still have a few bucks in your pocket, splurge on yourself at Olives at the Bellagio.The hotel housing Todd English's only west coast outlet is a spectacle in itself- go a little early to admire the artwork and gaming floor.  Yes, the gaming floor- classy doesn't even stop there.  But getting the right table at Olive's will give you a view that you'll still be talking about on the plane ride home- the Strip, of course, but a front seat view of the fountains from an entirely different angle.  The menu is largely seasonal, I understand, and may require a bit of study.  Think cruise ship menu- there's always something that you're not going to have one clue how to pronounce or, even if you do, you have no clue what it is.  But don't count it out- Coq au Vin (Coke-ahh-Vin) is actually chicken in a wine sauce, for example, and is delicious.  But I digress.  We ordered meat dishes, I the pork tenderloin with polenta and green beans, my cousin and steak.  They were both superb dishes that I can still taste if I close my eyes and focus.  The service was a little subpar- disappointing for a Todd English restaurant, in my opinion.  The sommelier seemed disappointed that we only ordered one glass of wine each.  And the wait staff probably assumed that two younger guys either weren't going to tip well or who knows what.  Despite my disappointment in the service, I remind myself that Olives is all about the food.  Overall, Olives is what it is- great food in a pleasant environment.  The wait staff was a slight misstep, but that could be the stigma of Las Vegas too.  Above all, don't let some slow service discourage a decision to enjoy this menu.
1	This place was horrible. The food took ages, the waiter screwed up our order, and after waitng for what felt like hours.. it wasn't even edible !! I wouldn't suggest it at all.. but if for some strange reason it's a must, stick with the beef carpaccio. Everything else I tried - from the pasta to the chicken - to the tuna tartare was a nono.
4	Came here for a wedding luncheon and everyone loved the food.  Some of the dishes seemed to be hit or miss though.  The beet salad needed a little less dressing, the side salads were huge (too much dressing on these as well) the bean soup was DELICIOUS. The salmon was PERFECT, the pasta bolognese had a strange lingering cinnamon finish, and the tuna tartare with creme fresh was good too. Was not a huge fan of the potatoes in this dish - seemed like an odd combination.  Attentive staff, good wine, all around not too pricey considering.Date Rating: 8Pick up Scale: 1Strong Suggestion: Have the salmon and the bean soup.
2	Was not impressed w/this place at all. Service was the main issue; our waiter was rude, slow, and overall terrible. The food was pretty good, but coupled w/how overpriced it was and our absolutely appalling server, it gets 2 stars. The olive tampenade that kicked off the meal was awesome though...
5	For sentimental reasons this is one of our favorites. My wife and I had our 1st real date here and she loves to watch the Bellagio fountains off of the balcony while we eat and drink the night away.2 of my favorites here are the beef carpaccio and the foie gras, in fact it's probably the best I've ever had in Vegas. I really recommend the flat bread pizzas too, they're great! We'll often stop in for a few apps and a little wine to start off our evenings. The lady somellier, her name escapes me, knows how to pair wines perfectly with everything on the menu and I highly suggest you ask for her.
5	Todd English's Olives (located within the immaculate Bellagio hotel and Casino) is by far my favorite eatery in Las Vegas and the only venue I insure a visit every single time I jaunt out to the Vegas desert. The Contemporary Olives features a Mediterranean inspired menu including pastas, steaks, rotisserie dishes, and brick oven pizza's all which are set against the breathtaking Lake Bellagio where guests can enjoy a gravity defying water dance. This venue does take reservations but not for the outside patio, which is the only seat in the house as far as I'm concerned. Take my advice and expect to linger a little while; grab a cocktail at the bar, it is well worth the wait. The only negative comment I possess about this venue was due to an experience I endured on my last visit (evening of June 10th, 2009). Upon my arrival the at the hostess desk, I was made to feel as if I was inconveniencing the hostess by asking to be placed on the list for table service on the outside patio. She claimed that no persons were going to be seated on the patio due to the wind picking up and then went back to her business without even offering to seat me indoors. I am not usually treated with such disrespect and was actually considering leaving my favorite venue. I reluctantly swallowed my pride, walked back to the counter and politely asked to obtain a seat indoors. Needless to say twenty minutes later our sweet waitress accommodated my boyfriend and me, moving us out to the outside patio in perfect coordination with our entrees. Besides the rather rude hostess, I have no negative opinions in regards to this establishment whatsoever; I simply adore every item I have ever chosen to indulge. Since I have dined at this venue numerous times and have come across no unsatisfactory dishes, I will walk you through some of my favorites:Appetizer:     Oysters on the half shell served with a raspberry minuet nestled atop a bed of rock salt. The pairing of the sweet raspberry and the savory oyster meat is superb; I would have never thought these two components would pair so fabulously.      Beef Carpaccio served with polenta, Roquefort Crema, shaved parmesan, and Cipollini onions. I find most Capriccios to be over salted, however this dish is seasoned to perfection. The beef is so thinly sliced it melts in your mouth, and the occasional Cipollini onion adds a nice kick of salt to satisfy your taste buds, absolutely fabulous!     Sweet Potato flat bread served with sliced sweet potato, caramelized onions, Capicola ham, roasted scallions, all topped with an apple cider glaze. The sweetness of the sweet potato marries magnificently with the saltiness of the Capicola ham; one of my taste buds favorite pairings is the combination of sweet and salty and this dish hit the spot to a T. The flat bread is thin and crispy so when you bite into this dish you get a nice crunch that doesn't over power the flavors of the toppings.Entrees:     Pan Roasted Mahi Mahi accompanied with a Shrimp Scampi Risotto, toasted garlic chips, and topped with a crispy Pasta and Micro green insalata mixed with an aged balsamic vinaigrette. This is a healthy portion so make sure you have an appetite when ordering this dish. The Mahi Mahi is delicate and flaky and pairs perfectly with the saltiness of the Risotto and the crunch of the garlic chips. The Micro Green Insalata adds an earthy flavor to the fish that rounds out the flavors in your mouth, yummy!     Grilled Pork Tenderloin served aside a smoked goat cheese polenta, bacon braised collard greens, red wine glaze, and crisp mini onion rings. My boyfriend orders this dish every single time we dine at olives and I gladly help him indulge in about a quarter of it. This very healthy portioned dish comes with three juicy, cooked to perfection pork tenderloins. The smoked goat cheese polenta just might be the best thing I have ever tasted, creamy and salty with a rich goat cheese flavor!  Every element in this dish pairs excellently, the juiciness of the pork, the crunch of the onion ring, the smokiness of the collared greens, and the richness of the polenta; I always try to obtain one of every element on my fork to conclude in the best bite every time. If you love your mouth you will reward it by indulging in this dish, you can't go wrong!Desert:   Banana Bread Tiramisu, paired with a creamy espresso this is the perfect way to end any meal. The tiramisu is light with chocolate chips scattered throughout and a wonderful but not overpowering banana taste.    Flourless chocolate cake served with a tart yet sweet raspberry sauce. The richness of the chocolate cake is cut by the tartness of the raspberry sauce, very satisfactory!Olives is a fabulous venue in which to dine. I recommend coming here for a quiet and romantic dinner with your loved one. The wait staff is always a pleasure, food portions are guaranteed to fill your appetite, and the gravity defying water show is guaranteed to impress!
2	What a disappointment! A year ago I ate at Olives and it was wonderful so I made reservations again this trip. NEVER AGAIN.I ordered the butternut squash ravioli in sage sauce, a favorite dish of mine. It was horrible, so horrible I sent my meal back after two bites. I never do that; I can usually scrape off the offending item or eat around it. The whole thing was bad. My friend ordered the halibut with prawns; she said hers wasn't much better. The prawns where over cooked and were cold by the time they were served. The halibut was okay, the only thing keeping her from sending it back. So why the two stars? The Sommelier was amazing. The wine he chose for us was wonderful.
2	I agree with the reviews on here that say the dishes are very hit or miss. What a bummer this place has major potential, maybe they should rethink the size of their menu. It made up for it I guess when the dishes really hit because I love American Italian done right. We had just arrived from the airport with a big group of friends, we couldn't wait to get in grab a nice cold drink and lots of food. Our waiter came, seemed like a decent guy until after we got the drinks. One of the drinks was mixed dreadfully, everyone tried to confirm how awful and inedible it was. When we simple asked for it to be made again, the waiter claimed he personally tried every drink he served and it was made correctly. I couldn't believe what I was hearing, did this guy really just tell me he had time to personally taste test every drink that he waited on? Wtf dude. Ah, weird twist in the night. The food was kinda boring. The service is blah. Had a super fun time but only because we had a fun group of friends that could have been anywhere.
4	Really amazing food. The wait staff was really cool. One of our friend's salmon was over cooked and our waiter made sure it was immediately taken care of. The beef carpaccio was delicious. The ambiance is very sexy. Good all around.
5	WOW! this place did NOT disappoint even though I had REALLY high expectations.  8 of us made reservations on a Saturday night for dinner and we were promptly seated.  They give you bread to start off with and two different olive spreads.  We also ordered a couple of appetizers: tuna tartare, crispy fried eggplant parmesan reavioli, and parmesan french fries & requested it with truffle oil.  ALL of these, including the bread, were delicious.  Of the three, my favorite was the french fries glazed with the truffle oil!   For my entree, I ordered the pan-seared jumbo sea scallops which was heavenly! The scallops were perfect, the risotto was perfect, and the greens were amazing as well! haha  My other friends ordered the Pan Roasted Alaskan Halibut, Ribeye, and the petite shrimp tagliarini.  Everyone raved about their dishes.
4	Food: 3.5 or 4 (depending on what you get)Service: 4Decor: 4.5Located inside the Bellagio, this is one of the restaurants that has outdoor seating right in front of the water. Too bad it was so hot, otherwise it would have been sweet to sit outside. For lunch my boyfriend and I ordered the Tuna Carpaccio and Lamb Ribs for our appetizers. Personally, I think our appetizers were so much better than our actual entree but oh well. The Tuna Carpaccio was surprisingly good, even though it was a huge piece of tuna covered over some greens and potato (yea, potato wth?) I think at first, it took a little getting used to but I ended up loving it. The Lamb Ribs were delicious, freakin' melt-in-your-mouth good kind of deal. For entrees we got the Chicken Waldorf Salad and the Spaghetti. Boyfriend said the salad was good even though it just looked like a huge chunk of lettuce and my spaghetti was okay; very light. I don't think I fully enjoyed it because I was so full from the appetizers (btw, the portions here are pretty damn big haha)The service was great; very friendly and prompt. All the waiters sported orange shirts that matched the color of the chairs so it was a little bit of overload but oh well.Overall, good place for lunch. Maybe even for dinner, but I'll need to try that out the next time I'm here.
4	no people. its not all about the buffets in vegas.this place truly helped me live out my life's motto: good food, good company= good night!!the tuna carpaccio was amazing. actually all the food was really good, came in heavy portions so dont overstuff yourselves with the amazing bread and tapenede they provide you at the beginning. as helen s mentioned. the truffle oil that was requested as a side of the fries was an ahhhhhhmazing side that complimented the fries! but by far, the best part of this restaurant was being able to sit on the other side of the bellagio watershow ... what a breattaking view!
4	Uhhhh YUM! Olives was a total delight. Starting with the amazing martinis. We ate on the patio and I had booked this lunch about 3 weeks in advance because I had heard from an LV native that Olives was great and a wonderful place to watch the fountains. Now I really want to come back for dinner some time! I got the prix fixe lunch and I loved every part of it. more than enough food and I think it was around 25 bucks. The view was absolutely beautiful, one of the most fun things I did in vegas! Love it.
2	Olives provides a great view of the Bellagio water fountain show if you are seated outside. We were fortunately able to do that. The food was good depending on what you got and our table decided we'd just order a bunch of different dishes to share so we can taste many things.  The salads and appetizers came. Carpaccio, squid/octopus dish and then our last dish was missing in action. It didn't arrive for a very long time - you know when you stomach has communicated to your brain that it's eaten enough.  Yeah. It was at least 25 minutes or more.  And every time we waived to a waiter, he didn't come. It appeared to be amateur hour on the wait staff.  I don't know. Maybe Todd English has stopped monitoring his restaurant to let it all go down with his name with it.
5	We went here for my bachelorette party and it was delicious..I think we devoured the bread in 3 minutes. Service was great with a great view. Food came out fast, presentation was delicious and everyone loved their meal. Their appetizers were the best!Price seems ok for such a nice restaurant. Make sure to make reservations because there was a long line outside.
3	i came here a while ago and the food was good but i dont remember it being great as to where i absolutely have to come back.wine list is good, olive and cheese appetizer was good. everything was good but not like off the charts.  people say this place has potential... because it does.service is very good, but i would rather try something new.
4	The Fig and Prosciutto Flatbread was one of the best culinary experiences I have ever had. The saltiness of the prosciutto mixed with the sweetness of the fig and the crunchiness of the flatbread was a combination of foods I had never tasted before. So good! . . . So good!We were only able to order from the "bar menu" because we had missed our lunch reservation and they had stopped serving lunch by the time we arrived. I was pretty disappointed and wasn't expecting much after glancing at the limited selection on the "bar menu". I am now glad we missed lunch, otherwise I would have never been introduced to this delicious appetizer!
3	Hubby and I did the tasting menu. The moules frites were a little different from the more traditional version but had good flavor. Quite a few of the mussels were not open after cooking though. I had the salmon as my entree. Overall a good dish but a little too much on my plate and I hate to waste meat/seafood. Finished off the meal with the Oreo bread pudding. Very good with the vanilla butter cream icing. Cocktails were a little on the weak side. Good view of the Bellagio fountains. Overall good service with decent timing between courses.
5	This was my first time at Olives and it did  not dissapoint after all the glowing reviews I heard about this place.  I ordered the Fig and Prosciutto Flatbread...BRILLIANT!  One of my companions ordered the seared scallops and spinach salad...another hit.   I highly recommend Olives to anyone, it is well worth the wait.
4	Located in a prime location in Las Vegas, we were surprised that the food was decently priced. Since we had a big group, we were seated away from the water fountains, but the decor inside the restaurant was pretty pleasing to the eyes anyway. Tried the pork tenderloins due to the strong recommendations here, and I was not disappointed. The meat was juicy and perfectly cooked. The portion was also sizable enough for a full night of partying. The complimentary bread came with two different olive spreads, and turned me into a fan of olives. -1 star for the awkward music playing. For the duration of our meal, there was some trance song, and it definitely didn't fit the mood of a fancy meal.
4	I had incredibly high expectations for Olives and they were definitely met!  At first, I was pretty upset; we made reservations for my birthday dinner and were running about ten minutes late.  We called to let them know and they said it was no problem at all.  When we got there, the hostess was a little rude and so was another guy who was working there. We understood that there would be a little bit of a wait, but when they said our table was being set, and then ten minutes go by, we asked about how much longer it would be and they seriously snapped at my friend...it was pretty ridiculous.However, we were starving and really didn't want to find another place, so we ignored the rudeness and ate there anyway.We ended up sitting on the patio, overlooking the Bellagio water show and it was incredible.  We had an incredibly nice waitress, who was super helpful and attentive.  My girls and I all ordered their flatbreads and they were fabulous.  So much flavor and sooo big! Their cokage fee was only $35, which is really great, so don't be afraid to bring a fab bottle of champagne to enjoy, while you're enjoying the wonderful ambiance.
5	Just ate here last week while we were in Vegas.  $250.00 for 4 of us which I did not mind paying at all due to the quality and quantity of the food!!!  I had the prix fare - 3 course.  Salad with duck - excellent!!!  Lambchops (you get 4 of them!!)  and they just melted in your mouth!! and the oreo cookie dessert, it was good but my husband got the strawberry-rhubarb crisp and it was a lot better.  The oreo dessert was just too rich after this huge meal!  Can't wait to go back to Vegas and eat at Olives!!
5	This place is by far our favorite restaurant in Vegas, especially for lunch. The outdoor eating area overlooks the water show so if it's not too hot out, request a seat out there. The inside is lovely (decor). The last time we went, we had our 2 year old son with us (who is like a hurricane) and the servers there were all wonderful, despite him. Make sure to get the fig/prosciutto flat bread. It is amazing.
5	I had made reservations at Olives for my friend's birthday because she's never seen the water show at Bellagio, and what a better way to see it than from your dining table on the patio overlooking the entire lake? I had booked reservations for 5pm but we were running late, and I called the restaurant to let them know and they were totally ok with it. When we got there I requested patio seating and it wasn't a problem at all, which was great because I was worried that we wouldn't get one based on reviews. You can't reserve specifically where you sit via phone/web, you have to ask when you get there. Thank goodness for us they had one available!Because it is summer and weather in vegas is ridiculously hot, they had mist things on outside, so you get a little damp from the water. but i think that's ok cuz i'd rather be a little damp and cool than sweating my ass off.When we were seated the waiter immediately came over to take drink requests and with our menus. He was super friendly and courteous, which I appreciated very much. He was quick to bring us our drinks and the bread with olive tapenades, which were AMAZING. He was helpful with deciphering some of the items on the menu as well, and when we ordered, was quick to bring out our food. Just so efficient! And when our food came out the water show was going on so we didn't touch our food yet, and he came over concerned that there may be something wrong with our food that we weren't happy about and wanted to know if there was anything he could do! He was truly the best.So, my friend and I shared the Tempura-Fried Soft Shelled Crab, the Fig & Prosciutto Flatbread, and Parmesan fries. All were delicious. I'm not a big fan of crustaceans, but the Crab was amazing! The flatbread was a little too salty for my taste, but still delicious nonetheless. The fries were good as well. My other friend ordered the Ricotta Ravioli, which seemed good as well.Because I had informed them that the dinner was for a friend's birthday, they came out with a trio of truffles for her at the end of our meal, with "happy birthday" written in dark chocolate on top. So beautiful! the three truffles were placed on top of caramel sauce, and i think they were key lime, peanut butter and jelly, and dark chocolate. We each sampled one and they were SO GOOD. Overall, an excellent experience. The staff was great, food was great, ambiance was fabulous. I can't wait to go again =)
2	Service was excellent, but food was mediocre. My bf and I stopped by for lunch since it looked crowded and we figured that the food was good. He got the fish and chips and I got spaghetti with meatballs. The fish came out as fish nuggets with Mcdonald's style fries, I've never seen fish and chips look so cheap, its always been fillets. Half the meatballs were cold, and the others were warm. I barely touched my plate, but the bread was good, and olive dips were definitely the best I've ever had. Guess I should've stuck to ordering the restaurant's namesake.
5	Holy smokes! this place was incredible. We just went here on Friday night before we went to see "O". This was my birthday dinner and I could not have been happier. First, the three olive tapanades that came out with the bread were super tasty. My husband and I shared the fig and prosciutto flat bread...it was big! Definitely too much for the two of us but I'm so glad we ordered it. For dinner, I had the halibut with shrimp risotto. Seriously...this was the best halibut I have ever had. There was about a dozen shrimp on my plate that were cooked to perfection. The sauce was amazing...mushrooms and some greens. seriously one of the best meals I've ever had. Husband ordered the Adobo Tuna with some polenta and it was as good if not better than mine. Unfortunately we had no room for dessert but because it was my b-day they brought us out a small plate of truffles, lemon, chocolate and hazelnut. Even those were amazing. The service was great, I would say by far my favorite restaurant in Vegas. I wish we would have requested the patio so we could watch the bellagio water show. We could actually still see it from inside the restaurant but next time we'll definitely request the patio. If you want delicious food and a great environment, don't skip this place.
5	This was my staple on the strip.  Thankfully, there is one in NYC, too.  So, I can eat it back home.  Can you say Carpaccio?  The beef Carpaccio is delicious and void of the normal saltiness of the dish.  The fresh pasta entrees (I had butternut squash ravioli) are all to die for.  If I were to do steak, I might head to one of Vegas's great steakhouses.  But, for New American cuisine that is generous and delicious, Olive's is a hit.  Hopefully the NY one is as good.
5	I was in Vegas a couple weeks ago and made sure to eat here(because my sister wanted to).  I got the 3 course meal for $50.  Sounds like a bit much for a dinner, but it was well worth it.  We sat outside behind the Bellagio fountains.  I ordered the muscles for an appetizer, salmon and clams for dinner, and strawberry rhubarb crisp for dessert.  With your meal you also got an assortment of breads and olive tapenades.  Everything was excellent.  I honestly do not think I have any complaints about the food.  The staff were on their feet filling up your water glasses and removing empty plates.  This was a very nice experience and I would love to eat there again on my next trip to Vegas.
4	The food was delicious...Before the meal, they brought out chocolate bread, which was awesome...The ceaser salad was very blah, but the scallops with mushroom risotto was great.  The crem brulee had cheyenne pepper in it (which it didn't mention on the menu), but if you love spicy unique desserts, like I do, you'd love it! The service sucked.  Our entrees all arrived at different times and our server had about as much personality as a corpse.  I'd come here again but I was sad that the overall dining experience wasn't as fantastic as I had hoped...
5	8/7/09 - Went with friends from out of town and decided to have a bunch of apps before going out for the evening. Our waitress was excellent, very attentive, extremely helpful and completely on top of things.We had the portabello flatbread which was very good, the caprese stack salad which was fantastic, the tomatoes were amazing with the balsamic reduction! We also had the softshell crab which had a really good spicy sauce accompanying it, the pea agnolotti which wasn't my favorite but the girls really liked it. Last but not least we had the beef carpaccio which is absolutely one of the best I've ever had, anywhere!One thing I found disappointing was that the foie gras is no longer on the menu at this time. This in no way hampered our experience but it is one of the best in town and I missed having it.All in all a great experience which we've come to expect at Olives. Highly recommended. The bill came to $195 after lots of food, 4 cocktails and 4 glasses of great wine. Not too bad considering the service, quality of the food and our great waitress, Jaime B.
5	Took my wife here during our trip to Vegas as I wanted to take her somewhere nice. Unfortunately the fountains at the Bellagio weren't on that night due to the wind. Thankfully the food more than made up for it. We both got the 3 course meal for $50. My wife had the smoked duck salad, trout and strawberry panna cotta - I had the mussels, sirloin and chocolate pudding. All were superb and the breads, olives and tapanades were fantastic as well.
4	Stayed at Bellagio for the weekend with a group of old friends for my bachelorette party.  Ate a delicious lunch here one day with my best friend.  We shared the tuna carpaccio (we almost licked the plate clean it was so friggin' good), then I enjoyed the fig and proscuitto flatbread and she had a salad and substituted salmon for chicken.  My flatbread was OK.  Her salad came out with two huge salmon filets.  We both only ate about half of our main course.  Wine selection was awesome.  I wasn't loving our server but the manager, hostess, and everyone else seemed very attentive and pleasant.  Ambience was great, and we were seated by the window with a gorgeous view of the famous fountain.  I would definitely eat here again - wanted to return for dinner but we had reservations elsewhere!
2	I was totally bored with everything in this place. The service was so so, the food was so so and unfortunately we didn't get a good view seat so the dining room was so so.
5	i'm so glad i decided to eat here; everything i had was incredible!!!the bread is delicious. the duck salad was awesome. the trout was flavorful (my boyfriend had the sirloin and it was even better than my trout, if that was even possible).we had a view of the bellagio fountains, which was a plus. oh! and i had the best cosmopolitan of my life. both rounds were perfect with bits of shaved ice inside...wow!i recommend this place to bellagio visitors. price is on the hefty side, but you get what you pay for- quality.
5	Another amazing meal.  Started with a fantastic raspberry cocktail.  Saw beef carpaccio on the menu and had to have it.  It's actually on the appetizer side of the menu, but the thing is HUGE!  I ended up with it as my entree instead.  Mass amounts of sliced beef over salad and warm polenta.  Beautiful slices of parmigiana cheese to top.Hubby had the steak au poivre.  The meat was excellent, but be warned, thing is truly a pepper steak.  I would have to scrap off that thick layer of peppercorns on top.  No room for dessert, but now, two days later, I'm craving that beef carpaccio again.  Oh, and of course, the cocktail.
4	Been here 2x, both for lunch. The green focaccia bread in the bread basket is the best. I only like green olives if I'm eating at Olives. =DTuna Carpaccio and  Beef Carpaccio are both delish, order those if they sound even the least bit appealing. If you like scallops and risotto...the Pan Seared Scallops are worth ordering. The new england style lobster roll is actually a sub...my cousin was like UUHHH, but it was still good because it was loaded with chunks of lobster and was flavorful. Service is above average, and I'd come back again. It's not too pricey for its dining atmosphere and the fact that it's in Bellagio-welll of course for the food as well. Definitely drop by if you're looking for a lunch spot and is staying or visiting Bellagio.
4	Service is very attentive. We were first seated up front to get a good view of the fountains but there was a very noisey group adjacent so our table was promptly and politely changed. A glass of Rioja was bad but the waiter made an excellent suggestion for a Zin blend and removed the Rioja from the bill.  Food is top notch. Will return for sure.
4	Had a fabulous $20 restaurant week lunch today. One of the better restaurant week meals I've had! Atmosphere: romantic, charming, upscale, whatever, check. Great views of the fountains. Warm bread basket was particularly good. I hate olives but I was eating the olive tepanade UP. It was so yummy. Course 1: Calarmi and BBQ pork tart. The tart was just OK, but the Calamari was awesome! Some of the best calamari I've ever had. I'll definitely be ordering that if I dine at Olives again. Course 2: Lamb and Tuna nicoise salad. My salad was nice. It had cool touches - the egg was hard boiled AND smoked (very unique!), and the tuna was decent. The lamb was better, however. Seasoned and prepared perfectly. Course 3: Fruit Sorbet and chocolate trifle. The sorbets were excellent, but the trifle must have had crack in it. AMAZING. Dark chocolate pudding, Bailey's mousse, vanilla ice cream.. heavenly. The dark chocolate cookie they serve on the side was the only disappointment (crunchy.. and not so special). Dessert took awhile (seems to be a trend lately!), but overall service was great. I look forward to coming back.
4	In my poor college student life, there are rather few opportunities to get dressed up and spend some money on high-class dining.  Luckily, the aligning of the stars (along with the double-whammy of getting paid today *and* it being restaurant week) allowed me to go to Olives at Bellagio today, for a three-course lunch.  "Be advised that our attire is business casual."  Or so they said, and I obliged with a button-up shirt and slacks.  I was late for my reservation, but they seated me immediately, despite how busy they were.  My friend and I were seating at a table near the window, which was good for viewing the fountains outside, and we were quickly asked for our drinks by the server Julie.  We ordered a Pellegrino and lime to share, and ordered our Restaurant Week prie fixes.  Starting with the bread tray, I was prepared to be amazed.  The large pieces of bread were very good:  chewy and spongy, and perfect for soaking up the olive and olive-oil tepanade.  It was gone quickly.  The star of the bread tray show, however, was the thin pita-chip bread with cheese.  It was so good that I wanted more, and they gave us more during the course of the meal, as requested.I had the BBQ pork tart, which was incredibly good, with tender pulled pork baked into a buttery bread tart, topped with blue cheese and a strawberry.  An odd mix, but one that worked together well.  I think a bit more cheese and a bit less strawberry would have helped it just a little.For the main dish, I had the lamb chops with the Fattoush salad, which also very good.  The lamb was again, very tender and flavorful, and without the gamey taste that many lower-end lamb places seem to leave in.  The only gripe about this was I ordered a medium rare lamb chop, and they said it was medium rare, but it seemed closer to medium well to me.  It did not detract from the experience, however.Finally, the dessert was an interesting mixture of chocolate pudding, vanilla ice cream, and white chocolate liquer glaze, each of which complimented each other well.  By this time I was very full, but even so, I ate every last bite of it.Overall, the experience was good.  The service was good, but for the most part left you alone.  Since we ordered Pellegrino, the bottle was on the table, and we did not need to be refilled.  It took a little bit too long to be given dessert, however, and if I wasn't engaged in such a good conversation, I may have been a little annoyed about it.  All the staff was professional, and adhered to the Bellagio Signature standard.  I even asked someone who hadn't helped me at all where the restroom was, and was walked to the entrance of the restaurant, upon which time he pointed to the hallway that had it, immediately dropping the conversational chat he was having with another server.  It's good to know where their priorities are.Recommended!
4	In the Bellagio hotel.  Beautiful setting overlooking the fountains.  Ask to sit outside if weather works and you are trying to impress someone.  Wonderful food.  Sometimes a little salty for my taste buds.  Servings can be a bit oversized for me.  Overall this is a wonderful restaurant.
1	I have been wanting to eat at Olives for longer than I can recall.  Having finally tried it, I was disappointed to say the least.  You can't argue with the great location and view.  The service was good, food and drinks were alright, but the main course was awful.  I ordered the Sweet Pea Agnotti, it sounded fabulous from the menu, but when it arrived it was not at all what I was expecting.  It was covered in mushrooms, and I am not a fan.  The flavor itself was not good and very very salty.  I ate about 2 bites, paid my bill and left quickly.  I would go back for drinks only.  I did not have dessert so I cannot comment on that part of the meal.Sorry guys, not worth it.
4	Another restaurant taking part in Restaurant Week 2009 - Todd English's Olives.  On a Saturday afternoon, reservations are a must for locals and visitors alike.  Indoor and outdoor seating are prime, especially if you want to catch the Bellagio fountain show right off the balcony.We both enjoyed their $20.09 prix fixe lunch menu.A wonderful bread basket filled with focaccai, bread rolls, and crispbread start your meal, along with olives and tapenade.  Yes, it's really that yummy and good.  (I've been here once before for drinks and all I remember was their bread basket!)Starters* BBQ Pork Tartlet "roasted suckling pig, maytag blue cheese, caramelized onions, butter baked puff pastry" - I'm not big on the puff pastry stuff, but The Husband ordered this and he was quite satisfied with his bits of pork and cheese.* Watermelon Panzanella "scarlett & golden watermelon, fresh mint, cracked black olives, feta croutons, togarashi" - A very refreshing salad, especially with the golden watermelon pieces.  The feta croutons were especially good, although I didn't taste any togarashi in my salad.Entree* Chilled Rare Tuna Nicoise "haricot vert, heirloom tomato, cornichon, smoked hard boiled egg, nicoise olives, champagne vinaigrette" - Tuna seared perfectly to a beautiful color and the smoked hard boiled egg added a nice taste against the green beans and salad.* Char Grilled Lamb Chop "fattoush salad, za'atar spiced pita chips, minted feta, pine nut vinaigrette" - Two nice sized lamb chops rested on a bed of lettuce.  A hearty but light lunch at the same time.Dessert* Seasonal Sorbet Trio "served with fresh fruit" - Flavors included mango, blackberry and I think, lemon.  It was refreshing with the added fresh fruit.  A clean dessert.* Drunk Chocolate Trifle "dark chocolate puddin', vanilla bean ice cream, bailey's white chocolate ganache, double chocolate cookie" - The dark chocolate pudding that laid on the bottom was exceptionally good, similar to the kind you ate as a child but much more upscale.  The ganache and cookie were good too, but I found myself digging for more pudding!  Service was good, our water glasses were refilled on a regular basis (and I love how he covered the glass with a napkin so it doesn't spray everywhere).  They were busy and the staff looked like they were busy too.  Not disappointing at all.Sidenote: When I called to make reservations, they did tell us to dress more casual upscale.  No athletic wear, nice shorts were okay on  men though, etc.  Not sure how strict they are about that dress code though.
5	Professional somewhat sophisticated atmosphere in the Bellagio strip of eateries that specializes in Mediterranean cuisine, I got the scallops and they tasted like filet mingon, the wait staff was very knowledgable and had a wine expert on hand to recommend a nice but cheap (hey i'm not rich) bottle for the table.  Try to get seating towards the lake and not the people walking by in the mall area.  Not cheap but for a good occasion it is worth it
5	We pulled some strings and got a last minute reservation with a table on the patio.  That was a great way to start our evening.We started with cocktails at the bar and enjoyed the English Men's Club look of the restaurant.  The tile floor and dark wood beamed ceiling are gorgeous.Outside we ordered the Chestnut Ravioli to start.  They were delicious and crispy.  The light marinara sauce was really good and we dipped our bread in it too.  The bread basket had cheese flatbread, focaccia and yummy rolls.  They served a black olive and green olive tapenade, along with seasoned olives too.  I chose the Pan Seared Jumbo Scallops with Mushroom Risotto and Spinach Salad as my entree.  My dinner partner went with the Grilled Pork Tenderloin.  The scallops were perfection in my mouth.  The flavors were fantastic.  The mushroom risotto and spinach salads were the perfect accompaniments.  Her tenderloin was elaborate and was a large serving that she didn't make a dent in.We enjoyed the Bellagio water show and decided to prolong the evening with dessert.  We couldn't decide because everything on the menu sounded amazing, so we went with their Bits and Bites, which had a little of everything.  Well, we should have stopped with dinner because the dessert experience wasn't as good as the dinner was.  They had 3 homemade ice creams but 2 tasted like vanilla and the 3rd wasn't good (plus, we couldn't figure out what it tasted like).  The best things on the plate were the ice cream, homemade Oreo cookie and vanilla chip cookie.  The blueberry tart wasn't bad.  The rest of the assortment wasn't good.  :(  There was what looked like a shortbread cookie but it had cayenne in it and we both had burned tongues.  The cute little strawberry cupcake was horrible and dry.  Two other cookies were also unmemorable.Our server, Michelle, was great.  The ambience was fantastic.  The appetizer and entrees were amazing.  Olives was a great experience.
3	Lazy,  lazy!!  IT HAS SLIPPED big-time, this week, at least. Usually one of my favorite LV restaurants, Olives let me down--and on a special occasion, too. Specifics: The Caesar salad included relentless little chunks of hard, unripe tomato (???), stale croutons, and no anchovy at all, that I could taste. Well, maybe they waved one over the romaine, but the dressing was SO bland, and of course there was no salt or pepper on the table, this being such a special place.  Well.Ricotta ravioii with Italian sausage: gummy pasta, raw-tasting tomato "sauce," virtually unseasoned, and very light on the sausage, too, though I finally found a couple of pieces hiding out.Dessert: Nice generous portion of coconut creme brulee, very good, but with a little PARROT MESS of a topping (mango something), and two sugar cookies that were not just stale, but "off," as in bitter-bordering-on-rancid.Okay. No, I didn't complain or send anything back. I was a guest, and it was, as I mentioned, a special occasion. But they should at least TRY, even on a Tuesday night. Generalities: Okay, I know Las Vegas food likes to be "fancy," perhaps thinking that helps to justify the prices, but really, parts of the menu were such an overwrought throwback! I never thought anyone could make softshell crab sound bad, but bragging about a watermelon panzanella salad (olives, feta croutons, etc.) really ruined it for me.  On wonderful softshell crab?  What, they don't have any confidence in their own dish, or their cooking abilities? And who could make CAKE sound bad? Well, describing it as "dirty south styled almond cake" did the trick.  Urk.  Rice, maybe, but not cake.SO disappointed...
3	Realizing that our last day in Vegas was also the start of Restaurant Week, I quickly made reservation for lunch at Todd English's Olives because it was so cheap. A three course meal was only $20.09, which was relatively cheap for Vegas and comparable to a hand of blackjack. They really don't kid about the namesake of this restaurant. Right off the bat, we were given bread and three different types of olive spread. While I do love olives, I found them to be quite salty and boring after a few bites. But the bread basket was good, which was filled with various different types of bread. For the first course, I tried both the BBQ pork tartlet as well as the crispy calamari. The tartlet was good because of the puff pastry. The calamari was great because it was fried to perfection and it was battered in tempura for a change. For my entree, I tried the chilled rare tuna nicoise. The tuna was seared perfectly, but the dish was littered with more olives. The one surprise of the dish was the smoked hard boiled egg. I say surprising because it was very smokey, but almost to the point where it overpowered everything else on the plate. For dessert, I had the drunk chocolate trifle. This dessert was actually my favorite course of the meal. The double chocolate cookie and white chocolate ganache left me wanting more. For Restaurant Week prices, the meal had great value, but for an ordinary restaurant, I see nothing special here. I can see how the theme of olives perpetuates throughout the menu, but they could be a lot more subtle. Olives are very bold in flavor and when they are just randomly sprinkled in a dish or served as a spread, it is just unimaginative and boring. The lack of creativity in this aspect left something more to be desired.
5	I love olives....green, black, in my martini, with stuffed cheese, however you do it i'll eat 'em.Great ServiceBeautiful view of the water show in front of the BellagioNot too pricey for VegasBig portionsI can't complain.We ordered the fig and prosciutto flatbread and caprese salad as appetizers.  The flatbread was a bit too sweet for me  but the others really liked it. The caprese salad had the yummiest mozzarella...i cant recall the name of the mozzarella. Entrees ordered: ricotta ravioli, butternut squash tortelli, and the oven roasted chicken...we were all very satisfied when we left.
4	Our first meal when we got in to Vegas at the hotel we were staying at.It's a good size restaurant and it does get packed even on week nights!  We called to let them know that we were going to be a little late for our reservation and had to wait about 5 minutes to be seated when we got there.The restaurant was quite dark inside. There were a few older couples there that were having a hard time looking at the menu. Our waiter was professional but not too talkative.  They have a full bar (duh!) and wine selection were great too.We ordered an appetizer and a starter to share. Then an entree each. Oh my, the portions were huge!!!!  We were both very full before our entrees came. The food were all good, but we wished the waiter had said something, or maybe tell us that we had ordered way too much food. We could have fed 4-6 people with what we got!!Seatings are great, if you are seated way inside you can see the Fountain Show clearly, or if you are seated by the entrance, you can people watch. Overall it was a very good meal, just remember that portions are triple X rated here.
5	I went with my sister and two friends; my sister and one of the friends had been to Olives before for lunch.  We ordered two appetizers and four entrees.  Yeah, too much food!  One entree came cold but the server took it and brought a fresh, hot entree for her and we got dessert free!  Unfortunately, two people had to leave early for a show and the other two were too full, but we got the Meyer Lemon Tarts.  They were light and very cleansing.  Oh, and our server Ralph ROCKED!!!
4	I went in a group of 10 on our 2nd night in Vegas.  Our group consisted of mostly New Yorkers and LA mid-20-somethings - so we're used to good food and over-hyped food.  To start, it was extremely difficult for us to choose a place as a group because the "nice" restaurants in Vegas are just a sister/brother restaurant to some restaurant in NYC, LA, or Chicago.  To find a place that we all have never been to was difficult.  Oddly enough the one we decided on finds its home in Boston where all of us all met (in College).We made reservations and upon arriving there, our table was ready.  Points. As soon as we sat down (though our party was not complete), the waitress was ready to take drink orders.  Points again.   When I ordered a dirty martini with blue cheese olives - the olives came skewered by a fig branch with pimento olives on the side. Points (I love olives).  One of the girls wanted to have some blue cheese olives - so i asked for another skewer - the waitress said it's $2.50 PER OLIVE...  HUH?!?! EXCUSE ME?? PER OLIVE?!? So like Vegas right?  Negative Points! But then the waitress was able to bring me an extra skewer on the sly. Major Points.  The food portions are A LOT bigger than she makes it seem.  I'm not sure if it's all the money the gambling folk lose that makes them come in with extreme stomachs.  I'm not sure if it's more that we were planning a long night out and had to save room for copious amounts of liquor.  But the portions were huge.  My best friend and I shared 3 appetizer plates.  The tuna tartare was HORRIBLE. I mean I couldn't find a single person to eat it at the table after one bite.  The tuna was used as the boats to ship large barrels of sesame oil into my mouth.  I could taste NOTHING but sesame oil.Luckily, the rest of the food was good.  The Beef Carpaccio was AMAZING.  It was giant.  I think the two of us could have ordered that and it would have been plenty.  It is thinly cut and beautiful.  There's a mound of a frisee/arugula salad in the middle but it sits UNDER the thinly sliced layers of beef so you don't know what it is until you cut into the pieces.  Fun surprise :)We also had the duck and truffle flatbread.  Again.  It was a large order.  It was amazingly delicious but it was large.I must say. I am always nervous to order Dirty Martini's because every bartender makes it differently - but it was ON POINT. One of the best I've ever had.  I actually had 2 - a rarity these days as I stay away from vodka.We were all SO full after this.  We all ate WAY more than we planned and to be honest - it sort of made the rest of the night difficult as it gave all of us massive food comas.  We were probably the most depressing group of girls to sit at the vip table in Prive EVER as we couldn't MOVE from eating such a giant heavy meal.  But hey, at least now all the yelpers know that it's a lot of food and it's THAT yummy. :)
3	More over-hyped celebrity chef food.  I had called in the morning to inquire about reserving a table on the patio to see the fountains, and the hostess told me they don't reserve those tables, I would just have to show up and ask to be seated there.  So I asked if I should go ahead and make a regular reservation for dinner if that was my plan and she said it wouldn't be necessary.  Well my husband really wanted to eat here, so we called a little later to make a reservation just in case, and they told us the only time left they had was 9:30pm!!  Good thing we called, or I don't even know if we would have gotten in!!  So we showed up early just in case and a different hostess very rudely said they were no longer taking names for the patio because there were too many people already on the list.   Fine, whatever.  When she takes us to our table, we're the only table open that does NOT have a view out the window so I ask if we can be seated at one of the other tables instead, and she (again) rudely tells me no, those are all reserved.  Argh.  Anyway, we thoroughly enjoyed most of the stuff in the bread basket and the olive tapenades that accompanied while we waited for our food.  People weren't kidding when they said portions were big here!!  Definitely plan on splitting everything!  Our first dish was the soft shell crab with the watermelon panzanella.  This sounded really interesting, but did not execute at all.  The soft shell crab was soggy and did not taste fresh, and the watermelon/olive/whatever else was in the salad was just a cacophany of mismatched flavors.  We forced down the crab and I ate the watermelon pieces but we left the rest.  My husband's dish was less than memorable; I think it was the ricotta ravioli.  A giant bowl of tasteless pasta, with tasteless sausage.  If it hadn't been so blah, I would have been happy to trade my beef tenderloin au poivre with him.  It was a ginormous piece of meat, and while it was cooked properly, it just had no flavor, other than the mounds of cracked peppercorns encrusting it.  Did not taste like tenderloin quality AT ALL.  I figured I should be safe with the most expensive thing on the menu, but nope.  We left quite a bit of that too, which is pretty rare because my husband will go to great lengths not to waste food.  It was only edible slathered in the curried bisque that came with it.  The coconut yogurt sauce was just a tiny drop of white in a sea of orange.  It was after dinner that our waiter turned a pretty bad experience around.  Since it was getting so late, most of the people on the patio had left, and he told us to get our things and that we were going to sit by the fountains!!!!  That was a real treat--we got to watch the last three or four shows before it stopped at midnight.   The entire meal experience surely would have been enhanced had we been out there the whole time!!!  So we ordered up a vanilla souffle and some drinks and THOROUGHLY enjoyed the rest of our evening out there.  The souffle was very yummy, by the way.  I haven't had too many souffles but this was tops for me.   So the gorgeous ambience, great view, and yummy souffle contributes three stars...but the rest of our food was pretty crappy.  Three stars might be high but that view almost makes up for it.
3	Our first stop after arriving in Vegas, our buddy was on top of the reservations. We showed up a bit early so they had us wait at the bar until our table was ready, we had requested a patio seat to see the water show at 3 pm. As most higher end places the drinks are on the pricier side, the boys had beer and I settled on a glass of pinot noir. No sooner did the bartender whip the drinks, our table was ready and waiting on the deck. We picked a great time of year being October it was a perfect 80 degree day, and in the shaded deck really lovely sitting outside. I can only it imagine it being pretty brutal in the summer and it being say, 117? Yikes!They start you with a basket of mixed breads and small bowl of olives and olive tapenade, and a pickled garlic clove (which my husband thought was roasted and popped in his mouth and crunched. Boy did his breath stink later!).We started with Beef Carpaccio and a Tuna Carpaccio (for me, the non-beef eater) that had garlic mashed potato underneath. The Tuna Carpaccio was really wonderful, would have never thought of it with mashed potato, but the flavors meshed very nicely.For lunch I ordered a flat bread with pulled BBQ chicken, peaches, and  water cress, and crumbled Gorgonzola. It's fairly large so have a good appetite, I couldn't finish it after eating the appetizer. My husband had the pulled pork sandwich with fries, and my other bud had the scallops which looked wonderful too. And it you go around 3pm you get a water show from the fountain, pretty cool. All in all a good meal, nice atmosphere with a little entertainment to boot..
4	The hardest part about eating at this place is trying to decide what to eat.  Every single dish on the menu reads like a food orgasm.  When the actual food finally arrives, it actually lives up to the hype.  If I have any complaint at all, its that their lunch prices are "dinner-expensive."  Nonetheless, when I'm back in Vegas, I'm eating at Olives!
4	The boyfriend made reservations at Olives due to a rave review from one of his friends. Well we werent disappointed. The lighting was dim, perfect for the evening we intended on having. The food was decadent and oh so flavorful. We started with the soft shell crab salad and the eggplant raviolis ( A+ and A+), the bread assortment was great, our meals were melt in your mouth. The encrusted salmon and his short rib were simply delicious. A little on the pricey side but oh so worth it!
4	Not only is the view amazing, but the food was delicious. I went here with my husband (well boyfriend at the time) the first time I went out to Vegas to visit him after he moved there for work. He was so excited about bringing me there and getting to sit out on the patio which overlooks the Bellagio's water show. The night we went out it started to rain (one of the 3 days it actually rains there) and he was so disappointed about not being able to sit outside. He talked to the host and let them know we had made reservations for the patio and they were able to sit us right next to the window so we could see the show throughout dinner even thought the patio was closed. The show is 15 feet from you, and yet the sound only carries slightly inside so it does not get annoying or to loud. The view is beautiful at night, and the staff is attentive without being overbearing. My water was always full and they use a crumb scraper in between courses so there are no little bread crumbs lying around. The menu has a big enough selection to please everyone, but doesn't have so many options that you feel overwhelmed. The filet melts in your mouth! The lighting is dim which I loved, but I have heard older people complain that it was too dark for them. Overall I think this was a great place in Vegas where you actually get what you pay for. Our meals were probably around $65 a piece without drinks, and I would have paid that for the view alone (this was my first time viewing the Bellagio fountains and I think it was the best way to view it. When I moved to Vegas I always recommended this place to anyone out visiting
5	I ABSOLUTELY love this place. First let me just say that while all of Las Vegas definitely has the "service" part down. Olives has taken that and run with it. The service here has always been personable and efficient. If you love Martini's definitely visit the bar and see what latest concoction the bartender has whipped up. The food is in one word PERFECTION! The atmosphere is great for a date or special occasion. Request table 83 out on the veranda overlooking the Bellagio fountain and take in the views of the Eiffel tower across the way as well. I love to explore new restaurants when I visit Vegas, but Olives gets me back every time!
5	Dined here in August with my fiance and it was AMAZING! The greek nachos: TO DIE FOR!The trout: INCREDIBLE!The sirloin steak: ORGASMIC!I really wish I had one of these down here in Miami. Can't wait to go back.5 stars! As good as it gets!
5	The lunch prices were reasonable and there were plenty of choices for a pescetarian.  It's strange in Vegas how the prices for a Sizzler-esque meal are almost the same as nicer places like this one.  The lobster roll was all lobster and no filler, just a light sauce over the pieces.   Our waitress was nice and let me substitute the side of beans for a salad.  If I had paid $50 for dinner, I'd probably have more to say about the food.
2	I was going to let this restaurant go but then I saw all of the favorable reviews and I just had to put my two cents in.  This place absolutely does not live up to the hype in any way.  I made my birthday reservations at 7.30 so we could make the 10pm Cirque show.  We were seated right away, had our drink orders taken and promptly served and then we didn't see our server again for 15 mins.  My friends and I decided to go with the tasting menu which was simple enough.  The salad was more boring than anything that I've made out of my own refrigerator.  I was looking forward to trying the salmon over the english pea puree but that came out so salty I had to down my glass of water.  (which didn't get refilled for another 10 minutes).  My dessert order was wrong so that took time that we didn't have to correct.  And then by the time we were able to flag down our schoomzy (with every other table) server, we only had 10 minutes to book it to the theatre.  Really?  Almost 2.5 hrs to get through an completely unsatisfying dinner.  Boo.
4	There are loads of restaurants in Vegas. I'd go back to this one, which means it must be at least a 4.At around noon it was pretty dead so had the pick of the seating, but stayed inside as it was a breezy day in late November. Service was attentive and it was kept up as it got busier over the next hour or so.Really liked the bread basket with olivey accompaniments, and the entree (a venison special, $20) was great. Had the more expensive of two pinot noirs on the by-the-glass wine list, which was a good choice too.
5	Great, flavorful food and great service! I have the mushroom pizza and it was something I would definitely go back for! Much better then some of my other Vegas Restaurant experiences.
5	Great food, great ambience, nice views. Make sure you get a seat outdoors so you can watch the Bellagio fountains and the great view of the Eiffel tower--i imagine it's just not the same inside. I got the NY strip steak special ($54) with truffles spinach and foie gras--simply amazing. Medium rare of course. My boyfriend got the salmon ($35) which was also good. I saw some other reviews about the carpaccio and it definitely was a huge helping and enough for an entree. The drinks are about $14 a piece, but that seems to be standard in Vegas. This is definitely a must, not only for the food but for the great view of the fountains at night.
5	Italian restaurant in Bellagio. The outside seating is probably superb, but since it was freezing in December, we opted to eat inside.Big group of friends went for lunch.For an appetizer, we ordered the short rib and truffle cheese flat bread. Like a thin new york style pizza. VERY good. Most people ordered the "Olive's Hamburger" - heard rave reviews! Surprisingly VERY filling - most of them could not finish the fries, let alone get the hamburger in thier mouths! haha It had to be taken apart to eat! So if you're not in for a messy lunch, skip this! Hamburger ($20 w/truffle cheese. $16 w/o truffle cheese). Some ordered the chicken breast ($20) and was very disappointed. The amount of food, especially compared to the hamburger was about 1/2. It was a single chicken breast on top of a pureed potato? And some veges. The worst part was that the chicken was SUPER dry. I had a bite and did not want any more :( Those that ordered the chicken breast had to steal bread or fries from others! I ordered the special pasta of the day. It was a sword fish and shrimp pasta in red sauce ($23. and WOW. I know i had the best plate in our table. It was delicious. Everything was cooked really well. I can't believe the sword fish was able to retain such moisture! and all the flavors of the dish really complemented each other. I was very pleased. I was very very pleased with the service and quality of food. Would definately come here again. But probably again for lunch since a quick peak at the dinner menu.. I saw a lot of 40s, 50s, and 60s!
4	I'll cut straight to the point: Kobe steak tartare. The greatest piece of raw food that ever entered my mouth. I was not alone in this sentiment - the other three gentlemen in our group for dinner completely agreed that this tartare was unbelievable. In fact, as good as my duck confit was (aside from being a bit oversalted, but I expected as much since it was deliciously combined with capers and anchovies), I would've preferred 3 entire orders of tartare in lieu of an actual entree - its that good! In addition to the delicious food, the view of the fountains and the outdoor seating (with heat lamps, of course) in December makes for a pretty decent outing. The girls in our group were a bit chilled until we shifted table spots to make them closest to the heat, but aside from that everything was delectable and enjoyable about the meal.
5	Amazing food with an equally amazing view. We ate on the patio and got to see the Bellagio water show about 5 time. Although it was Christmas, the nice heaters allowed for a pleasant meal. We had the chestnut soup to start along with the great variety of bread and olives. Although it didn't look all that appetizing the flavor was spectacular. It was so creamy and thick and delicious. We also had the osso buco pasta with a nice tomato sauce and a pasta with butternut squash and brown butter sage sauce. Both of these dishes were fabulous, full of flavor and great texture. Our waiter provided great service and even took multiple pictures of us with the Bellagio fountain in the background. He wanted to make sure we got the perfect shot! Definitely one of the top restaurants in Vegas.
1	The food was good, but the service was TERRIBLE!!! I was brought a wrong drink and my husband's drink never arrived. The waiter never checked in with us. When I finally pointed out to him that my rose champaign somehow got substituted by a rose wine, he offered to fix a mistake, but never did. Had my husband not checked with another waiter on the status of his mojjito, it would have never arrived. The entire experience was on a C- level. Spend tour money at other restaurants and stay away from Todd English's Olives.
3	I made reservations at this place because I wanted to sit on the patio, but of course we get there and there is no patio seating for another hour.  We had a show to catch, so we settled for the inside.  Our waiter was very nice, and yes the carpaccio is the best and biggest I have ever had.  My husband and I shared the ravioli.  It was descent and more than enough for the both of us.  If you love olives, do the dirty martini.  The bleu cheese stuffed olives are off the hook!
5	One of the best culinary experiences I've ever had. Upon arrival you are served delicious bread basket with a variety of breads and green and black olive tapanades as well as marinated olives. The breads were awesome and there was a roll that was nutty and a perfect compliment to the olives. After reading other reviews on here we started off with the carpaccio. I was not sure about this. I don't do raw meat or fish but  I was on vacation so I was going to be daring. Wow! This inspired me to take more chances. So delicious and hard to describe. It was topped with a creamy roquefort crema sauce and shaved parmesan. One of the best most interesting things I've ever eaten. The flavors combined perfectly and each bite practically melted in your mouth. Again, wow! For my entree I had the Butternut Squash Tortelli with brown butter, sage, parmesan cheese. Although it was a little on the sweet side it was very good but way too much after the appetizer. My husband had the Grilled Venison Bloc with crispy fried portobello cap, garlicky spinach, bacon polenta, rosemary grissini, black currant glaze. Right away he said the glaze tasted like "mole sauce" which is a Mexican chocolate sauce. I was alarmed since he hates mole. Well he definitely didn't hate this dish. He said the ingredients combined perfectly and the spinach was a perfect compliment to the glaze. He really liked it. i was shocked. The wine was also spectacular. I had a Riesling that was one of the best I've ever tasted.  I want to call and get the name of the wine, it was perfect! We didn't have room for desert unfortunately. The service was just excellent. We sat outside and had a beautiful view of the water show at the Bellagio. Super romantic. I made reservations and asked to be seated outside and I'm glad I did because the restaurant was packed.I loved having dinner here and will definitely be back!
4	A table for four for a nice intimate Christmas Dinner. I came to this decision because knowing me I was trying to get a reservation the day of Christmas!!!  Well Todd English's Olives said they would be able to around 9 P.M. I was happy and delighted I also looked at the great reviews on yelp. Plus I love love olives. They are soo yummy. When you walk into this dark light area and candles going it was nice and romantic and just felt very cozy. I loved it and I enjoyed it quite a lot. We got sat on a booth for 2 and on the opposite side were chairs. That was fine with me and we had no problems with our seating. It was a nice view of the water fountain. :)The bread did taste very well and the olives and olive spread was really good. I enjoyed it a lot. I ordered a salmon that was crusted with so many different flavors it was very different than many places. All I can say is that this place is something special with the uniqueness of style and different ingredients that they use on each dish.  I also tried my aunts chicken which tasted salty and sweet with fruit possible. Anyway it was very different to me and I would say this a place to go and try at least once. I had a splendid dinner and a great time. :) Also the service was very good, always had my drink refilled and the server was nice enough to check up on us if we needed anything else. Oh...by the way it is a little bit on the pricey side.
3	I really want to give Olives 4-starts, but I just can't do it.  Yes, Olives IS located inside Bellagio and yes, it is the restaurant of a Celeb chef... and yes, that must mean they can severely over charge.   Unfortunate really, because even as a couple that very much enjoys lovely restaurants and are rather adventurous diners, paying over $80 for two sandwiches, an appetizer for lunch and one iced tea is a bit absurd.   The food was good, we enjoyed it, we really did... but it wasn't $80 for lunch good ;) Service was overall pretty good.  It didn't wow, but it certainly wasn't off.
4	I got there at 6pm and all the patio seating was gone. That's really the only place to sit, so you can enjoy the outside fountain show. I got the butternut squash ravioli but it was just so-so. The  olive spread and warm bread was good. They gave my friend a free desert for her birthday. But I felt the waiters were very pushy in getting us to order a lot.
3	Post tripling my bet at Roulette boyfriend and I decided to treat ourselves to dinner at Todd English's Olives.  Yes, the name is part of the title of the restaurant, that's how you know where to eat when you're in Vegas.  Mina has like five (including a Nobhill gastro-pub).  Our seats were amazing, because we sat on the outdoor marbled terrace, looking out onto the strip across the Bellagio fountains.  The fountain show ranges from "My heart will go on" to "Big Spender", its pretty entertaining.  It's all pretty over the top, they give you 2 napkins (?!) for some reason, and pour your order of a glass of wine from its own little beaker.We dined on grilled calamari and chick pea dressing, which was delicious, probably the best chickpeas I've had in a long time, and an enormous portion.  As were the entrees, a "bloc" of venison and the brick oven roasted chicken.  I love restaurant roasted chickens, I might even have a problem with it, because it keeps me from ordering other things.  What I mean to say, was that this was a pretty good one, and I would know too.   I could only eat half though, and felt terrible about wasting food in the middle of such a barren desert.  The venison bloc came atop a block of polenta, and an entire roasted portabello mushroom stuffed with blue cheese.  Tasty, but also, how you say, a little much (learn to edit your accessories...)  In all a totally great, what you call, dining experience.  Service was efficient, waiter a bit shaking with wine knowledge, but now I'm just being picky.
3	Was in town for CES and had a bus cas dinner here.  Great service although the seating arrangement was a bit strange (ie cramped).  We got it straightened out eventually~They serve these really great olive spreads with bread - yum.  I'm a classic steak girl but if there is a good scallop dish on the menu I will usually jump at it.  They had an a'la orange scallop dish with an agrodolce sauce (basically like a sweet and sour) which got my order.  Unfortunately that sauce was so acidic the tip of my tongue went a bit numb and my teeth felt like about 3 layers of enamel had been stripped.  A very strange feeling.  And a bit disappointing since I do love scallops.  Everything else was fine but I think next time I'm in town I'm opting for Cut :)  I've been wanting to eat there!
3	Visited Olives with the Hubs the night we landed in Vegas for a conference. I had made reservations online, specifically requesting a table out on the patio overlooking "lake" Bellagio, and when we arrived, a table hadn't cleared yet. We didn't mind, and took two seats at the bar. There, I enjoyed the most delicious lemon-flavored cocktail, complete with sugar-rimmed martini glass & all! Soon, our table was ready & I have to say that we got a fantastic table, the perfect spot for me & the Hubs, right on the lake's railing... perfection. At least for Las Vegas :-)We ordered another round of drinks and awaited the arrival of our entrees. The bread & olive tapanade served while we waited was nice, but nothing to go crazy for. I ordered a special of the evening - shrimp & pasta. Unfortunately, the shrimp looked a bit like fishing bait and I located a number of small shells throughout the dish, but the overall fresh, creamy lemon flavor was good - I wouldn't order it again. The hubs ordered a fish special of the evening, along with some asparagus, which he raved about. We opted for a third round of drinks and some fountain-gazing after our meal, since we weren't "feeling" the desserts at Olives.Overall the experience was lovely, drinks were killer, albeit a bit on the pricey side (it is Vegas, after all) and our table out on the patio was to die for. A great Vegas experience, not necessarily a great Vegas meal.
5	Olives is really pretty amazing.  I had the Foie gras appetizer and the duck confit pasta and both were amazing.  Watching the fountain during dinner was just an added plus.  I would recommend you get reservations and ask for a window with a good view.  I actually didnt have a reservation, they initially said 30 min but they actually sat us in 5. The bread with the  olive tapenade to start is also pretty stellar.
4	I had one of my best gourmet burgers here, and it was because of one thing: soft, spongy buns.  The meat was cooked well, and was accompanied by grilled red onions, green lettuce, and large slices of tomatoes.  Yum.The service was friendly and warm.  The atmosphere was elegant and cozy.  The portions are quite huge as well, so it might do some good to skip out on the appetizers.  Four solid stars from me!
4	Food was very good.  I got the ravioli and had the carpaccio for an appetizer (it's huge and really good!). Service was good.   The prices to me were kind of high...but it's Vegas.  (My vodka martini was $15.)  I would go back just for the carpaccio.
4	I enjoyed my visit to Olives they have some of the best beef carpaccio around (next to N9NE), and they have some pretty unique vodka en fused drinks. The one thing I would recommend is requesting and waiting for a table on the patio, no it won't make your food taste any better but the view is great.
1	My new husband and I went to Vegas for our honeymoon, and after reading some encouraging yelp reviews, we decided to check out Olives during our stay at Bellagio. It was by far the worst restaurant experience we had during our 5-day stay. My husband had been feeling a bit under-the-weather, so we chose not to order any drinks. Once the waiter realized this, he paid absolutely no attention to us except to bring us the food and the bill. He didn't even ask us how the food was, which was too bad, because it was TERRIBLE. Everything looked pretty promising when we brought it out, my husband had the salmon and I had venison on top of bacon polenta. The polenta turned out to be the most offensive part of the meal. It was dry, mealy, and over salted. The spinach side was also too salty, and while the venison was decently cooked, it was ruined by the horribly textured mess underneath it. I left most of my food on my plate, and my waiter flew by the pick it up without even beginning to ask if I enjoyed it. My husband's salmon was significantly better than my dish, but still unremarkable for a $25 dish. The only upside to our experience was the olive tapenade and bread basket that was served during the wait. Delicious. Unfortunately it did not make up for horrible service, and lackluster overpriced food. Don't waste your money here, if you're in the Bellagio go to Yellowtail, it's incredible!
4	Maybe it's the Vegas's tradition, but the bread platter they serve here along with more other restaurants is exquisite. There's the crispy thin breads, warm oliveoil-rosemary rolls, etc etc. Comes along with a dish of olive tapenade. YUM. It's my fault I kept munching on my bread when the rest of my food came, my stomach's 50% full.Started off with the sweet potato apple soup drizzled with balsamic and topped with thinly sliced scallion. Surprising and unexpectedly sweet, very tasty, of course, but wouldn't have ordered that unless it's dessert. Entree was crispy portobello burger served with side of steak fries. YUM. Vegetarian option. Always loved burger, but gotta find one without the beef. Hard. But not at Todd English's. The burger was HUGE. The bun is spongey and sweet, just like potato bread. The steak fries is battered marinated in perhaps a cheddar or something salty.This place is by far the better (and more reasonably-priced menu in the strip) compared to the rest of the restaurants I tried there. Also lllooovvee the outdoor patio overlooking the Bellagio Fountain show.
5	it is very romantic to be seated on the heated patio in front of the Bellagio fountains...  the delicious food, the beautifully choreographed fountains, the wonderful music compose together a titillating stimulation of all senses...  makes u fall in love...i have a sweet tooth and my favorites are all a bit sweet:* Sweet Potato Apple Soup - i didn't had any, but it must be really good since my friend chowed it all up and did not mention how tasty it was until it was all gone* Carpaccio - the presentation does not look good, but the more i eat, the tastier it gets and i could not get enough of it* Souffle - it tastes as good as any good souffle.  u probably want your own if u love dessert because it is like eating air* Double Cut Pork Chop - impressive presentation & ginormous portions compared to other dishes.  moist, a bit fatty and charred with a slightly sweet sauce that is somewhat like the chinese "char siu" saucewe got there 5:30pm on a Monday and there were a few tables available for parties of 2-4.  a few tables opened up around 6pm.when in doubt regarding what to order, ask the waiter/waitress.  our waitress said that they made her taste all the dishes and her recommendations were spot on!
4	Damn, I was actually impressed!  For some reason, I was expecting to be under-whelmed... no idea why, but just was.  Obviously everything is Vegas is touristy...but I figured with the beautiful views of the fountains and all the food could be ho-hum and people would still flock to it.  I'm pleased to report this was not the case.  Everything I had was great, and I would highly recommend this restaurant.The basket of bread and the olive tapenade were excellent... not your standard rolls and butter.  As far as cocktails, they made the perfect martini (which has been elsusive to me for this trip thus far).  So cheers to the bartender here who got it right!  The rest of the review might be skewed though... and I was 3 martinis in by the time the entree hit :-)The tuna app was perfect all around.  The ribeye was actually one of the most flavorful I have had.  It was a touch over medium for my taste, but it was fairly thin so harder to tell medium.  The balsamic glaze was perfect with it as well.  For desert, I had the chocolate cake with the hot chocolate center (forget the name... still a big hung over).  It was alright... it would be a skip next time.  The coffee was good though, so that made up some points for dessert!Overall, I would say this is a great place for a quiet evening.  The service is top notch and attentive, the location and views are spectacular, and the food is very good!
4	I love the casual and friendly atmosphere here. The portions are huge and the food is hearty. The waiter convinced us to try the beef carpaccio and it was ...interesting but delicious. Also, the grilled squid and octopus in chickpeas was really good. I had a burger that wasn't very memorable but I did leave satisfied. While we were there, the Bellagio water show started and we totally wished we were sitting by the window, so try to get a table facing the fountain!
1	I had been here once before for lunch and really liked it.  So, we went back for dinner when we were recently in Vegas. Wow it was bad. If I could, this would get 0 stars.  I mean really bad.  I have never been to a restaurant before where no one liked anything.  We started off with salad, a flat bread, and a carpacio.  The carpaccio was OK and big, thank goodness bc that was all that I liked. My husband never leaves pizza, and there was half a flat bread left. It was a weird combo of flavors and really dry.  For dinner, husband had scallops, I had ravioli, and our friend had some pasta.  All terrible.  I couldn't eat the center of the ravioli -- it was sickeningly sweet, so I cut around them and ate a little of the pasta. (It was butternut squash -- one of my favorites, so it isn't like I am not used to the flavor.) The scallops were disgusting -- they had a toothpaste gritty texture and a really, really fishy flavor.  Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it. We were glad they left us the bread because we tried to fill up on that.  Terrible experience.  Oh, and no one even asked why we ate nothing.
4	Olives is located in the Bellagio so walking there already makes you feel fancy. We made reservations for 10pm on a Saturday night and was seated promptly and even was able to request patio dining with the best view of the bellagio water show. The waiter was nice although he didn't check on us as much as other nice fancy restaurant servers do. There was a variety of complementary bread including sweet bread, hard toasted bread, and a soft loaf. The spread is none other than olive spread 3 ways; green olives, black olives, and whole olives in the middle. We ordered a mozzarella flatbread for an appetizer, which I could have done without because the bread is already fulfilling. The flatbread was just a fancy pizza and was not worth the $17, although it did make for good leftovers. I ordered Pan Roasted Chilean Sea Bass with shrimp scampi risotto, toasted garlic chips, crispy pasta, micro green insalata, & aged balsamic vinaigrette. The sea bass tasted like butter and the garlic chips gave it a nice added taste. There was also mashed potato underneath the beautiful presentation. My boyfriend had the Veal Agnolotti Al Plin with slow braised osso buco, fontina cheese agnolotti, and truffle butter. Delicious! The veal was so tender and complimented the sauce and pasta really well. I suggest both dishes! Both tasted great with riesling white wine. Expensive but tasty! The portions were also a good size enough to eat in one sitting but not too small where you're not fulfilled.  The best part of the whole experience was the environment. You can't beat front row seats to the water show with the likes of  Frank Sinatra and Celine Dion accompanying the show. My favorite water show was with the song "Time to Say Goodbye" by Sarah Brightman and Andrea Bocelli. Very romantic. Looking for a date spot or a girls night out, this is a great place. I would recommend going at night to fully enjoy the beauty it has to offer. Pros: online reservations, prompt seating, beautiful view. Cons: patio dining request once you arrive only so it's not guaranteed and it is very pricey, but a beautiful place to check out at least once! So save up, dress nice, and enjoy the view.
4	we came back twice for lunch...does that tell you something?  and both times, the food was exceptional.  the bread basket alone should be against the law.  filled with lavosh and warm rolls, the tapenades are a perfect spread.  the flatbread and the pastas....simply divine.  couldn't order dessert because we were full from lunch...there will be a next time!
4	This was a great meal.  Great drinks, great food, good service, and it looks right over the bellagio fountains!  Really recommend it!
2	I just had lunch here with two friends. From start to finish it was two hours for lunch, I think this is unacceptable. We were seated right away and greeted pretty quickly. The server was pushing a glass of Shiraz on me which I agreed to. He also took the drink order for my two friends. We got the 3 wines 15 minutes later, and when i asked for bread he said it would come after the menus were gone but he still hadn't taken our order. I had the Cesar salad that had no flavor and the tomatoes were too ripe and very mushy. My friend had the tuna carpaccio which was good and had very nice presentation. The entrees came after an hour and 20 minutes from when we sat. We had to ask three people about our food and we heard our waiter ask someone where it was also. I had the pasta special which was with chicken, mushrooms, peas on paradelle. It was very bad, all the flavors muddled together and the paradelle was thin and overcooked. The chicken was shredded which I've never had on a pasta with white wine sauce, I didn't even finish a third of it. My friends had sandwiches which were just fine. We had to split the check and the waiter made a big deal about it and said he had to talk to the manager. For what i detailed above at lunch, it was $150. I would never go back to this restaurant or any other Todd English restaurant.
3	The food was traditional and rather normal. It was missing a uniqueness you would come to expect from a celebrity chef. The appetizers were good as was the bread. The meal itself was so so.
5	One of my favorite Las Vegas restaurants. Both times I've been to Olives, we've made sure we had patio seating for an INCREDIBLE view of the Bellagio fountains throughout dinner (also, those of you who smoke can do so!). The food has also never disappointed. In fact I had much better food here than I did at Postrio or Aureole. Both times, I informed them that my dinner was planned right before Cirque du Soleil "O," and both times they provided excellent service while being very quick and even more attentive to the time than we were!______________________________________My first visit to Olives was in February 2009. It was an incredible meal, one that left us craving for more and allowed us to end our week of indulgence (2 B'ways, 3 Cirques, 1 Le Reve, & many good meals) on a good note. We had:* JUMBO SEA SCALLOPS - sweet corn risotto, fall heirloom tomato salad, arugula, warm bacon bread crumbs     - [5/5 - The flavors, textures, and smells were perfect.. Those scallops virtually melted in your mouth. Still the ultimate best scallops I've ever tasted.]* PAN SEARED MAHI MAHI - honey white polenta, baby carrots, butter braised giant prawns, spice market sauce     - [5/5 - It's been a while, but I recall it being very soft, well-seasoned, and yummafying.]______________________________________My second visit to Olives was in January 2010. We had:* VEAL AGNOLOTTI AL PLIN - slow braised osso buco, fontina cheese agnolotti, truffle butter     - [5/5 - Wow. I will tell you this - my friend was very, very, very jealous.]* RICOTTA RAVIOLI - roasted tomato basil sauce, sweet italian sausage, garlic bread crumbs     - [4/5 - Delicious, but not really very special.]
5	The cat's meow.  Sexy.  I've been four times.  AMAZING!!!  Expensive,  but worth it.  LOVE the flat breads.  There is one with Figs and Prosciutto...thin warm bread with the sweetness of the figs and salt of the prosciutto...Mmmph!  Wash it down with a Sauvignon Blanc or a Cakebread Chardonnay and you're lovin life. Watch the "Oh Face" your dining mate makes when that combination hits their pallet".The outdoor seating is tough to get, but if you get there for an early dinner, you may score an outdoor seat.  Drink wine, have a flat bread for an appy...take your time.  If you seat at 5, eat and drink and wait to order dinner around 6 eat dinner and get out around 7:30 in time for the 8 PM showing of "O".  That's the way I rolled...  Very romantic...unless it's windy.  You may get wet from the fountains.  You did know that the outdoor seating overlooks the Bellagio Fountains, right?Chow!
2	my second time here and this time it was not up to parfor lunch i had a chicken club sandwich and the chicken was very dry and uneatable the flat bread was good and simply plain and not spectacularthis place is a hit or missif you sit outside the view is great
5	We had an absolutely incredible experience at Olives. Every dish that we had was perfect and tasted amazing. The cocktails were also delicious. The pastas were incredibly fresh and flavorful. The pizzas were awesome. The service was perfect and very hospitable. The restaurant overlooks the Bellagio fountains. If you make reservations, ask for the patio so that you can enjoy the show. I would vote Olives as one of the best meals that I have ever had.
4	This was my first meal on my first trip to Vegas.  My sister and I were staying at the Bellagio and just decided to try out one of the casino's places and we both heart Italian.  I had the ravioli with sausage which was very good but that is not what stole our tastebuds hearts.  It was the bread and olive spreads.  So freakin' good!  I loved the sweetness of the bread with the saltiness of the olives.  We requested more and needless to say felt we maybe should have just ordered drinks and not a full meal.  The view of the fountains really makes you feel classier than you actually are. :)
5	Try to get a seat outside so you can watch the fountains!  THis is my favorite place to eat at the Bellagio, because the price is right, the view is right, and the food is good.  Really big servings too!
3	If you're ever in the mood for a nice cocktail or a sophisticated lunch or dinner, stop by the Bellagio and reserve a table at Olives.  Todd English's restaurant is modern with a hint of classical decorative details, and boasts a brief, elegant and comforting menu.  With the Bellagio fountains right outside and an outdoor patio seating area (which is fully booked all day so make reservations in advance for lunch or dinner) for the best view of the fountain show, it's a quaint place to stop by and have some great food.To celebrate my husband's new job, we ate dinner here and I had to make reservations two days ahead because they are always fully booked if you try for same-day.  We were seated indoors with a nice view of the fountain area, and we were immediately greeted by our server for the evening.  Our napkins were placed on our laps for us, and an option of bottled or regular water was brought to the table (I went bottled).  The server explained the specials for the evening and within ten minutes were ordered food.The timing is excellent at Olives.  Not only do they have a great bread basket to munch on that comes with a terrific, salty olive tapenade, but the appetizers took no more than 8 minutes from order to table.  I was happy with the lack of wait time for the start of our meal.  We ordered, with the server's suggestion, the portobello flatbread and crab fritters.  The flatbread was outstanding, with the truffle oil enhancing the lovely portobello slices on top of the crispy flatbread.  To even out the texture there were caramelized red onions on top, which cut the masculine mushroom flavor down to perfection.  If I had known that the portions were so big I would order the flatbread as a meal in itself.  As for the lump crab fritters, they were light and creamy inside with a lovely kick of sriracha aioli on top, and a bed of herb sauce to scoop up with the fresh arugula sprinkled atop.  Between the two appetizers I was happy with the flatbread, but crab lovers may devour the fritters here.After our table was cleared and cleaned up (down to the crumbs, mind you), another 7 minutes passed and our entrees were in front of us.  My filet oscar was beautifully presented and turned out to be quite a large portion.  They split the filet in half, but the filet must be very thick because it honestly looked like two healthy portions of meat on my plate.  The char marks were on the edges, which I love, and the meat was topped with beautiful lump crabmeat and sat on a bed of Japanese asparagus and whipped potatoes.  They drizzled a caramelized onion and wine reduction sauce on top that gave the entire dish that umami flavor.  The asparagus were perfectly blanched and the whipped potatoes were a cloud of heaven on a plate.  As for the filet, it was perfectly cooked and seasoned, not overdone with any extra herbs or spices.  It was simply seasoned and well grilled.  I loved every bite.  My husband's chilean sea bass, on the other hand, was fabulous.  I wanted to eat his plate more than I did my filet at one point!  It was light, creamy, buttery, and had that pan sear on top that just blew my mind.  The shaved fennel with arugula sitting on top of the fish was good when taken as one bite with the protein.  Overall, it was a success!To complete my review we had to order dessert, so we waited the 10 minutes it took for them to whip up the Madagascar vanilla souffle, cooked to order.  They said it would take 15 minutes, but it arrived within 10.  I took a picture of it (which is here) and when they brought it out it had that beautiful golden top like meringue has when coming out of the oven.  The server took a small scoop of vanilla bean ice cream, gently placed it into the souffle,  then topped the hole he made with an entire carafe of  anglaise.  The dessert was heaven.  It was airy and the vanilla used was so beautiful that I closed my eyes with the first bite.  I love souffles, and in all honesty this one is now one of my favorites in Vegas.  Creamy, airy, and with just the right sweetness, it was the perfect end to the experience.Overall, great food, excellent service and a wonderful change from any other restaurant on the strip.  With a wonderful menu and excellent flavors and textures in every dish, I truly enjoyed the entire experience.  If you want something different, something other than French or italian fare, try Olives.  It's worth the reservation.
4	We had reservations for 6 guest at 7 on a Sunday, once there I requested a patio table but the wait would push us back till 9:15. All of the group had tickets to various shows so we opted for a table inside. To our surprise we got the best table in the place. We had a wonderful view of the strip and the fountain show. (Bonus points while I went to get our O tickets from the box office at the Bellagio the hostess sat our party, which usually doesn't happen unless everyone is there to be seated)Our waiter was gracious and patient, always very polite about any requests we had. Everyone at the table enjoyed their dinner. I had the Filet Mignon Oscar, which I ordered medium. It came a little more on the rare side but was so delicious. ( Side note I had a friend whose steak was also a little more rare than usual, so my guess is that is how the steaks are cooked here...) My husband got the chicken finished the plate, even though he said he wasn't hungry when we got there. When I made reservations I was asked if we were celebrating anything, I did mention it was my husband's 25th birthday trip, so after dinner they brought out a small dessert that read Happy Birthday. I thought it was nice, and my husband liked that they didn't make a big fuss.. like sing.  I would definitely go back on our next trip to Vegas.
3	I made a reservation at Olives a couple of months before my trip Vegas this past week. At the time I made the reservation I decided to go to Olives over the myriad of other choices in Vegas because it would accomplish two tasks. The first being my brother and I would be able to visit the Bellagio that night to enjoy a good meal and the second being I requested a seat on the terrace so that we could view the fountain show while we ate. Perfect plan right? Well let's just say that high winds don't mix with outdoor dining and water shows. Needless to say I was very disappointed. Although we didn't get to sit on the terrace we were able to enjoy a pretty good meal. I started with a seared Ahi Tuna appetizer and then had the Duck Two Ways for my entree. Both were very good and well prepared and well presented. To say I was blown out of the water would be a vast overstatement. It was good but next time I'm in Vegas I will take my time to dine elsewhere. Eat here if you can guarantee a spot on the terrace. If not there are far better options at this price point.
3	3 star only for their bread. Their breads are delicious, I had to ask them to bring out another bowl. I went there to try out their crabcake fritter, but they ran out. I then settle with the Cesar salad, because I didn't want anything else since I was craving for the crabcake. Maybe it just me, maybe I'm not high-class enough. I just don't get why their Cesar salad isn't chopped up. It comes out as few leafs on top of few tomatoes, cheese, and croutons. Dressing was like olive oil and maybe a little bit of Cesar dressing. I prefer my salad full, chopped-up, and actually looking like a salad, not something that was plucked off a few minutes ago. My fried got the veal special pasta. He didn't like it too much either. I'm not coming back to this place unless it's for their bread.
5	Ate their tonight and was pleasantly surprised.  Everything was scrumptious.  Even the plain green salad had an amazing vinaigrette. Kudos to the chef.
4	Great food, great ambiance! I had the pan seared jumbo scallops and my boyfriend had the salmon on the special menu. The four large scallops were so tender and smooth and the salmon was lightly crisp on the outside and very moist on the inside. The food arrived promptly as I enjoyed the salty, but addicting olive spread and bread. If you sit on the patio, you can watch the water show at the Bellagio. Unfortunately, there was a private event on the patio that night. Our table for two was also very tight, but wonderful experience overall.
4	Todd English, you had me at flatbread. That flatbread special you had the night I went there smothered in three or four types of cheeses and onions was true perfection. My brother doesn't even like fancy food, but he found himself in love with that flatbread! I wish I had your flatbread cookers in my house so I could have one of these every day even though then I would need to go to the gym twice as much! Mmmmm cheese....I also got to try one of your pasta special dishes too which came with all kinds of seafood piled amongst all of the noodles and in this tomato based sauce that was so flavorful. After the flatbread though I barely had room to finish this dish and be able to walk to my fancy vegas show afterward! Everything in that dish was perfect though. And my mom and brother were both happy with their dishes too!But the reason for a star knocked off was a) our waiter decided to take his sweet times at some points with bringing us our drinks b) for staying in the bellagio and this restaurant being in the bellagio and us making our reservation through the hotel we kind of expected to have a table with a better view...Our view was of the fancy shopping stores outside of the restaurant and really as fun as it is to look at escada normally, I would have liked to be able to focus on my food a bit more. Especially if I could have gotten a view of the fountains instead... c) our mixed drinks were just so so in my opinion. Not sure if it was because of our waiter being slow, so maybe some drinks got diluted, but they could have been a little better.But Todd, as I said in the beginning, you and flatbreads really do have a beautiful beautiful thing together, so don't change a thing about that!
2	My review is based almost entirely on the poor service we received.  We made our reservation weeks in advance, requesting patio seating.  When we arrived, we saw party after party (without reservations) being seated in the patio.  By the time the hostess got to us, she told us that there were no more patio tables available.  When we remarked on all the people without reservations taking the patio tables, the hostess explained that they don't reserve patio seating.  We pointed to three primo patio tables by the railing that appeared to be empty, and the hostess replied with a straight face: "Those are reserved."We should have left right then, but we stayed.  The food was fine, and we enjoyed he flatbread.  But we'll never go back.
5	I have been to Vegas over 25 times. I am very weary of giving this away, because this is the best kept secret in Vegas. No more than you would pay for any other nice restaurant in Vegas, but the fountain views on the patio are one of the best ambiances to eat dinner in the country.
3	Todd English's Olives has a brilliant view of the Bellagio fountains that'll captivate you.  The scallops I had were really great too, not overdone and filling.  The mixed drinks from the bar took a small while to get back to us, and the ice cubes had almost dissolved in our On-The-Rocks drinks.   If we weren't so sated by the carpaccio, we'd have been miffed. All in all, a reasonably priced experience with a great appetizer of breads and olive spreads, and good follow-through entrees.  We couldn't get a patio seat though, which would have been nice at night.  But it's a busy place with a great view, so try to get one!
3	Olive's is a Mediterranean inspired restaurant, and per its name, many of the dishes rely heavily on the use and flavor of different varieties of olives. Meals begin with an ample basket of bread that is served with multiple olive garnish "mashes." Our table also had one of the flatbreads for a starter which was very unique and delicious.For the main course, I had a combination of a veal special and the butternut squash ravioli both recommended by the server. The ravioli was one of the best I have ever had and the veal was very well cooked and tasty.Having described the meal, I can say with confidence that there is definitely better food in Las Vegas, but the thing that sets Olive's apart is its location right beside the Bellagio water show. With an outside seating, Olive's is a can't miss spot, but with an inside seating, there are other spots where your money would be better spent. Like many of the restaurants in Vegas, the food is great and prepared by a world class kitchen staff and created by a world class chef, but amidst all of the incredible food in Vegas, Olive's food doesn't particularly stand out in my mind.
5	Simply amazing tapenade, a view to a kill, scrumptious scampi flat-bread, sexy interior and some of the best monkfish with scallop risotto I have ever put in my mouth.  Todd English is a little marketed and less known restaurant on the Vegas strip but is well worth the visit.  Great for a lingering dinner before O.
4	As there are many reviews, I will stick to a few points:1. Gorgeous views of the Bellagio Fountains!!! Sit on the patio if possible (unless it is the middle of summer and you are willing to redo your makeup after your face melts off), unless it is windy, in which case you want to sit just inside at the windows.2. The bread and olive spread is beyond heavenly. I had to hold myself back to keep from eating so much I couldn't eat my entree. 3. Fun ambiance and trendy decor.4. Great place to eat before seeing "O."5. No service problems/issues here with the exception of waiting a little longer than planned to get the table near the window we had reserved.I would definitely go back when taking another trip to Vegas.
2	Oysters are always hood but whatever they put on it was very hard to eat. A raw onion with a lot of vinegar. I prefer to put extras by myself. My husband ordered a monkfish with mashed root vegetables - it was amazing. I ordered ribeye with broccoli flowers. The steak was over done and I ordered it medium rare. I had flowers underneath my steak and steams on top. Plus the steak was covered with sweet onion jam. I couldn't taste the meat at all.
5	Went in without reading any of the Yelp reviews or knowing anything other than that this place is run by Todd English, whose immensely complex recipes I've always liked. I was very impressed. The meal was not haute cuisine or anything very experimental (in fact the dishes seemed addressed to a wide audience) but it was one of the most satisfying meals I can remember. Let me echo Yelpers' praise of the butternut squash tortelli, which is so heavenly that I can't imagine that I will ever see this classic being done any better.A friendly waiter with cool wraparound glasses took charge of our table for the evening, which had a fine view of the Bellagio fountain which had the unfortunate accompaniment of a Lee Greenwood song. The waiter was very knowledgeable and hospitable, even offering to split my pasta dish so that we try a few varieties. Started us off with some cocktails, which initially struck me as pricey but after a couple more days in Vegas seemed like a rare bargain. Nice varied breadbasket with olive and walnut tapenades. Ordered a beet and watercress salad special with port and bleu cheese dressing, which was original and outstanding. Continued with sea bass, which was excellent but not transcendent, and the unforgettable tortelli, which though half the price of the meat options was better. The desserts were also excellent; English seems to have downplayed the complexity of the desserts (I have the Olives desserts cookbook, which demands about a day's work per confection) a little, though not to their detriment. The "Triflin' Drunk" is an alcohol-and-chocolate eightball. The tangerine creme brulee was a bit easier on the tummy but equally delicious.Highly recommended. Reasonably affordable (we paid around $60 per person for a three-course meal with the lower-priced entrees and one cocktail apiece).
5	Let me make it short and quick! WONDERFUL, WONDERFUL, WONDERFUL.....Great food, good portions, great drinks, amazing service, beautiful & classy decor, fantastic location right on the water... all around magnificent experience & can't wait to return. I would definitely recommend Olives.
2	My boyfriend took me to dinner here for my 26th birthday.We were seated on the patio with an amazing view of the Bellagio fountain show.  They even let us move closer when a small table was available.I started my meal with a cocktail, the Lychee Blossom, and it was definitely flowery... a little too floral for my taste.  The bread and cracker basket was alright; it was fun to taste the different tapenades and olives that came with it.We had the infamous Beef Carpaccio, which was really saucy but tasty nonetheless.  We also tried the grilled octopus dish, served with chickpeas and tomatoes, which was also tasty.My boyfriend had the shortrib with a truffle fried egg and I had the butternut squash tortelli.  I had a bite of his short rib, which was alright...but I've had better. My tortelli was good, but a bit sweet.  We ordered some corn/polenta dish that was a little weird.  We usually love polenta but this had fresh corn mixed in and it kind of threw the texture off for me.  The garlicky spinach (compliments of the chef, I guess) was really good.We ordered the lemon tarts for dessert (I LOVE lemon desserts) but I was  a little disappointed when it arrived.  3 little store-bought tart shells (I work pastry in a kitchen...so I know the brand) with a bit of raspberry puree and runny lemon curd sloppily spooned in, topped with over whipped cream and some pretty candied lemon rounds.  They also sent out their salted caramel cheesecake, which sounded good, but needs just a little bit of work (I enjoy salty-sweet desserts, but this one was a tad heavy on the salt). Bottom Line: It was a nice birthday dinner.  The weather was nice enough to sit outside (keep in mind it was the beginning of November) and the Bellagio fountains were  beautiful.  The food itself was so-so considering the amount that I can assume he payed.  I would come back for lunch if I was in the area just to have the carpaccio, but I do not think I'd come back for a full blown dinner.
5	Yowsa!  If you are worried about doing the fine dining thing and leaving hungry, leave your worries at home!  We generally order 2 things to share, and this time we both wanted to steal each other's plates.  She had the raviolis and I had the seabass.  After eating Tao's seabass religiously I was skeptical, but omg omg.  Not sure how to even describe it really.  It has a nice crust on it, over risotto, heavenly.  In the rotation for sure..
4	We just enjoyed a light dinner here about a month ago! I was very surprised to find it so packed on a Monday night, so of course there was not a chance of us getting a seat out on the patio or just a fountain view, but we still asked anyways! The lighting in here is very dim, like most other fine dining experiences in Vegas! Typically, I don't enjoy being seated so close to other diners, but in this case I didn't mind (probably had something to do with the very entertaining older drunk couple next to us though)! I hate to stare, but sometimes you can't help yourself...they were downright drunk and funny! They start you out with some different breads and olive spreads....this is great, by the way! We shared the Prosciutto and Fig Flat bread and the Squid & Calamari as an appetizer. The Flat bread was very fresh and interesting, but we weren't too fond of the appetizer. We both thought the squid paired with the chickpeas made for a mushy & bland overall taste. I have read great things about this app., so I was excited to try it, but it just didn't do it for us! Hubby was getting a little flustered by the end of the meal. It did take our server about 20 mins. to get us our bill...that's a wee bit too long. I understand being busy, but by the time we were done our meal (10PM) a lot of the other diners were already out the door, so come on! After a couple failed times to waive him down, he finally came over on his own, like a waiter should...anyways, we didn't even let him ask "Any room for Dessert?"...it was simply "BILL PLEASE", hahaha! We actually came back here a few days later for a quickie lunch (ironic , right?) and both ordered sandwiches with fried pickles that were excellent. And, we were out of there in no time! I would come here again if they could promise us a fountain view, because I think that's worth it myself! Enjoy!
4	Excellent.  We went for lunch on our last trip to Vegas.  You will not be disappointed.  In the sea of great restaurants, this is one of the all around better choices.
5	This place was recommended to us by one of the servers at our pool.  We had late reservations and were able to sit outside and watch the fountain show throughout dinner.  We started with the tuna tartare and the greek salad.  It was like heaven in my mouth.  It was probably the best tartare I had ever had.  Yum.  My mouth is watering talking about it.  Then we kind of shared the sea bass, scallops, and the portobello flatbread....all of it was really good.  Of course, we had great ambience because we were watching the fountain show the whole time.  The only thing that I really didnt like was that you had to go out and use the Bellagio bathrooms.  They also had a really good bread bowl too.
4	My sister arranged a nice birthday dinner for her hubby's 40th here.  She asked for a table with view of the fountains, which we did get, but we ended up with two tables next to each other rather than one table for our whole group.  I think that may have been a misunderstanding on our part, but it was just a little disappointing.We got over our disappointment pretty quick tough as we started out with delicious drinks and a  fabulous bread/olive tapenade selection.  We had a banquet menu which included tuna tartare or cesear salad apps, salmon, rib eye or chicken entree and a chocolate lave cake for dessert!  Everything was delicious and the view of the Bellagio fountains was a nice compliment to a wonderful meal!
3	We had our anniversary dinner here about a month ago and the food was okay. I had an amazing pasta dish, but unfortunately my husband's steak was charred on the outside and still bleeding on the inside...he ordered medium-rare. The drinks were great and the olive/bread basket was good. I called about four weeks in advance letting them know it was for our anniversary and wanted a table on the patio, but was disappointed to find out that you need to stop by the restaurant a few hours ahead of your reservation time to be seated on the patio.  That would have been good to know! The main reason we went here was for the patio seating....dissapointing.  They did get us a table next to the window with a decent view of the fountains, and our server was nice.
4	Great service, no TV in the bar, terrific view of the fountain, solid salmon and marvelous dessert.  What's not to like?  Oh yeah, the check.
5	What an amazing dining experience. I booked my table on opentable.com in early June for tonight as a celebration for my 3 year anniversary with my boyfriend. I wrote in the comments of the reservation "please make sure you sit us by the fountains outside if possible". That's it.... what did I get? A table for 2 right on the edge in the center of the outdoor patio. I was just floored...but it didn't stop there. The service was fabulous, the food was so delicious (really what you expect from the dining experience and very reasonably priced) and when we were about to leave, we received a complimentary dessert from the staff that had 3 gourmet chocolate truffles that had "Happy Anniversary" written on the plate in chocolate. It really made our anniversary super special and I will always remember the experience fondly for the fantastic blend of outstanding service, amazing food and a breathtaking view of the falls at sunset! :) Perfect!
3	So, we arrange for a 2:30 reservation at Olives, and end up getting there a little closer to 3. Upon our arrival, we find out (unbeknownst to us) that the chefs leave at 2:45, so they are no longer serving lunch, but there is a one-page bar menu, consisting of mostly appetizers. We were disappointed, but hungry, and decided to accept, and requested a seat outside so we could sit by the fountains. Despite NO ONE being outside, we were told that we were not allowed to sit outside. Upon asking why, we were told that it's closed except during lunch and dinner.This made no sense to us, but we proceeded with the meal nonetheless.We ordered appetizers and drinks, and saw a basket of bread and butter go by, and asked our waiter if we could have some bread. We were informed that bread was actually a MENU item, and came at a cost. I can't think of a time in my life that I've been at a restaurant that CHARGED for bread and butter. I was very put off by this.So our food finally comes, and it was very good. I had the burger with carmalized onions, and it was very good. All in all, I was disappointed with the service, and general atmosphere of how this place was run "between lunch and dinner." I wouldn't go back there, despite the positive recommendations and quality food options.
4	Although it was too hot to sit outside and watch the Bellagio fountain show, Olive's was still a great lunch experience.The bread basket is awesome, and of course it wouldn't be named "olives" if there wasn't olive tapenade to accompany it.  There is something for everyone in it: foccacia, crispy flatbread, regular bread, and you'll likely find yourself digging for more once you run out.  I had the asparagus salad and the fig/prosciutto flatbread for lunch.  I don't recommend ordering so much food for lunch, but I tend to over-order in general.  Both dishes were delicious, especially their signature flatbread with figs and prosciutto on it.  It's basically like a medium sized rectangular pizza and can constitute a meal in and of itself.  Great service & great food!
5	Forget about the view, let's talk about what really matters!Great meals, great specialty cocktails, great service...Got a drink at the bar to start things off and as soon as our table was ready, the hostess graciously carried my drink to the table... (Thank god because I am clumsy as hell!)Once seated, I could not decide between 2 dishes and the waiter told me I could do a "half and half" plate in order to taste both of the dishes I was eying. Awesome! The food came and was DELICIOUS! Not an over sized portion, not a tiny "fru-fru portion either, but rather just right...And even though we did not sit outside (it was 8 pm and still way too hot), we still had a pretty good view of the Bellagio fountain which was great.So bottom line, if you want to sit outside and experience the fountain up close then definitely make the wait and sit out on the patio.  If you just  want a delicious meal, with air conditioning and a semi great view of the fountain, sit indoors. You will not regret it. Oh and definitely make a reservation to be on the safe side, restaurant is not too big and is very popular...
4	4 stars for the kick ass bartender who took care of us.  Too bad i forgot his name.  Great service, good menu, vibrant and lively location.  Don't worry about the prices, just order and enjoy!
5	Amazing!  Make sure you get the proscuitto and fig flatbread.
3	Had reservations on a summer Sunday evening. We got hungry before, so we just arrived early and were seated right away on the balcony. It was hot, but to me, tolerable. (Note to those who want a balcony seat, there are like 4 two-person tables, and then a handful of 4-person tables. i.e., it's a very limited number. When we initially asked for reservations for a balcony seat, the hostess told me that they don't guarantee balcony seats, but when we arrive, we can request a balcony seat and wait it out. We did not try to ask our casino host to try so i don't know if that route would help.)For starters, I got the Belgium Endive salad with brie and bosc pears. It was alright ... a little bland. The brie was really good though and I really like endive. I really wanted to try the fig and prosciutto flatbread, but we knew it would have been too much food. Next time ...For my entree, I got the ribeye with the chedder croquets. The steak was pretty good, even though the meat was a tad on the medium-well side even though I ordered medium. It also came with some vege and two onion rings, which were useless, bland, and too much oil and batter. If this was top chef, Tom might say it something just thrown on there that didn't add to the dish at all.My dining companion ordered the porterhouse with the "lobster and ham mac and cheese." There was one piece of lobster and the pasta they used was like an orzo, which is kind of an annoying pasta to me  unless it's a salad. (personal opinion). But it tasted pretty great. I just wish there was MORE of it!As the other reviewers stated, the bread basket and the olive tapenade were delish. No complaints there. I will likely return to try some of the other dishes as they sound really great!For dessert, we got the banana tiramisu. It was pretty good as well. Not a mindblowing dessert. We did eat it all ;)Atmosphere on the balcony was pretty quiet and nice, except for the table behind us that had children watching DVDs on a portable player with no headphones? Come on parents ... tsk tsk.
5	Fantastic Mediterranean gem at the Bellagio. Situated behind Lake Bellagio, the view from window & balcony seats are stunning, especially in the evening. But no worries, even if you're in the dining room you'll still have partial views of the water work.   Once you're seated, your server will most likely greet you right away and tell you a bit the restaurant & menu if it's your first time. (Service at Olive in general is fantastic. I've dined here a handful of times and never once I received anything short of excellent service.) Then it's the complimentary bread basket with three different types of olive tapenade for the table, they're very delicious btw. A few menu recommendations:Fig & Prosciutto flatbread - This has to be the best Fig & Prosicutto combo I've ever had. The sweet Fig jam goes perfect with the Gorgonzola cheese. The rosemary crust is a nice touch.Butternut Squash Tortelli - Very tasty Vegetarian pasta dish. The sauce is a little on the heavy side in my opinion.Another honorable mention is the Jumbo sea Scallops, served in this sweet & sour glaze on a bed of Arugula salad. However, as delicious as this dish is, I don't recommend if you're hungry or if you're looking to get your money's worth. You get about 6 scallops with this dish and it's $39Flatbreads, sandwiches & pastas are $14-$22;  main entrees are $26-$60 (steaks are in the $50-$60 ballpark). Cocktails are $12-$18.  Champagnes are $110+ per bottle.The restaurant itself is trendy but very comfortable; and even though it does have a romantic atmosphere, I wouldn't really recommend it as a date place, as it tend to get very noisy during dinner time. It is however, a great place to dine with family (adults) and friends. I would not recommend this place for children. Reservations recommended.
3	Before I start let me preface by saying all my ratings are RELATIVE to the price.  If I'm paying $80 per person I will only give it 5 star if it outperforms other similarly priced joints.  I think that's much more useful for people browsing the site for advice.  I've been to lots and lots of Michelin star-ed places so I know the kind of quality you can get for these "high" prices.  So after being disappointed by Bouchon @ Venetian the night before its on to the next one ... Olives @ Bellagio.  I went there based on the rare 4 star average Yelp rating.First impression wise both the decor and service are not Michelin star worthy while the prices are.  Not surprising that this restaurant hasn't seen a star yet.  Like this it never will.The bread was brought out with some olives and two types of spread that are given lots of props by reviews on Yelp.  The bread was good, but again not spectacular.  Some pieces were too salty.  The spreads are NOTHING to rave about.  We can all go to the grocery store and buy the exact same spreads on the cheap.  Not impressed in the least..  I rather have higher end bread with nice butter.  Better bread for example can be found @ Spago's in LA.  It was also much better @ Bouchon.We started out with the Kobe Beef Tartare.  This was solid though I've had better meat tartare in other places.  For example the Lamb based one @ Gilt in NY is top notch.  If nobody told me it was Kobe I would have never noticed.Then came the Calamari that was recommended by the waiter.  Let me say this clearly ... DO NOT GET THIS.  The calamari are too heavily battered and both the batter and the sauce are VERY salty.  I asked the waiter and he said it is *a little* on the salty side.  As I ate the stuff with my girlfriend we concluded that it tastes exactly like ... marinated olives.  Horrible.  It was on a bed of arugula which I enjoyed.  But in general it actually made me a bit sick.For entrees I got a mushroom fettuccine and my girlfriend got the Chilean seabass.  The fettuccine was a HUGE portion.  Just unnecessary.  I enjoyed the dish but for the price it doesn't cut it.  The sauce was too thin and the pasta was clearly slightly overcooked.  Again no Michelin stars here.The Chilean was also enjoyable but not price worthy.  I can get a much better plate in LA for about 1/3 less.Then since it was getting late we got moved to the patio for coffee and a tiramisu.  The coffee was fine.  Didn't stand out but it never does in America.  Maybe in Paris or in Italy.  The tiramisu was low grade, but I didn't care because it is SO nice at the patio.  Watching the water shows is a great experience.My advice here is go somewhere else.  I haven't found THE stop in Las Vegas yet but I'm still hunting so watch my future reviews.If you do want to go here then INSIST on sitting on the patio.  Just wait however long is necessary.  It is worth it.  I'll be @ Picasso (2 Michelin stars) later in the week and I'll definitely wait for a patio table.
4	If you want a little bit of a different type of menu, with a younger sexy crowd, check this place out. I like coming here for just drinks and appetizers with friends. They serve special cocktails ie Fresh Pomegranate and Blueberry Martinis. Great Appetizers: -Beef Carpaccio -Calamari -Boston Bibb Salad -Portobello Flatbread Fav Entrees: -Pork Medallions -Duck Best Drink:-Blueberry MartiniThey don't get the fifth star ONLY because if you said we were going here for dinner, I wouldn't Oh Girlfriend you.
5	Hands down the best burger ever had. I've been going there for several years, and I have never had anything less than an exceptional cheeseburger at Olives, and by "exceptional" I mean PERFECT. Long after this civilization has fallen they will still tell tales of the Olives burger over camp fires and in space craftStart with the braised squid and octopus app, which was just sick--even if you don't like octopus, you will love this--the dish was transcendent--Enough about the seafood---- strap in for a burgergasm.The meat is a proprietary blend with the perfect grind and pressure applied when forming the large patties.  Med rare is the only way to go, and they always nail it. The burger had a perfect, salty crust and just juicy enough to saturate the bun without overloading it.  The meat to bun ratio was so precise, that the very last bite left my fingers dry with a cohesive bite of meat and bun which had the same mouth feel as the first.    * Perfect, deep, grilled sear.    * Seasoned inside and out.    * Toasted, moist brioche bun.    * Dry aged rib and sirloin fat cut back in for added flavor and moisture.    * Salty, white CheddarDijon mustard only with this burger. The fries--sweet gawd---the fries!  They were like savory, crispy packages of mashed potatoes with truffle oil and Parmesan---so good.
5	I came here a couple weeks ago when I was in Vegas for my friend's bachelorette party. We hadn't made reservations for our Sunday night dinner, so we called that afternoon to see if they could squeeze a group of 8 of us in. We couldn't get in until 10, but that was fine, we were just happy to get reservations. We requested a table by the window, and we were so happy they were able to accommodate us. It was so pleasant getting to see the beautiful fountain show every 15 minutes from our table.As for the food, everything was delicious. When we sat down we mentioned that we were starving, so they very promptly dropped off a couple baskets of amazing bread and olive spreads. Most of us ordered the scallops, which were insanely good. I also had the tuna tartare as an appetizer, which I loved. Our service was excellent, and I liked that our server didn't add auto gratuity to our check just because he can since we're a large party. We ended up tipping him well anyway though!Overall, it's slightly expensive, but considering that it's in the top hotel on the strip, has a view of the fountains and has excellent food, I think it's worth the price
4	Took mom to LV for her 70th birthday and when asked where she wanted to go for dinner, replied with "I really like that place in Bellagio where you can sit outside and watch the fountains." Guess that narrowed it down a bit! Arrived a few minutes before our reservation where they confirmed our seating request and then wished mom a happy birthday before leading us outside. Our "table for two" along the railing would have been more appropriate for a date but it was exactly what she wanted and gave her a great view of the show for the evening. The sea bass was excellent (we both ordered that) and everything that came along was well prepared. Our glasses, bar or otherwise, were never empty with service both prompt and professional. For desert, they brought out a "mini-tray" with happy birthday written in chocolate, timed perfectly with the fountains erupting. Well, I think that timing was luck but made her evening. I forgot to mention to mom that a Pimms Cup is not just lemonade, Spite and a cucumber but gets its name from a liquor. These hit the spot but it wasn't until her second, when I joked about needing to pace ourselves, that she was "really enjoying" the fountains.  I honestly can't tell you the price other than it wasn't Bradley Ogden expensive or Denny's cheap. There are some meals you don't look at the bottom line and this was one of them.
5	One of my absolut favorites for lunch - sit outside and enjoy an extraordinary cocktail:)
4	When you have the opportunity to sit on the patio, Olive's is hands-down one of the best Vegas experiences. The restaurant is trendy and romantic, but still great for larger parties. We dined with two other couples (six total) during restaurant week and the menu with wine pairings was great. I ordered off the menu and enjoyed a perfectly cooked Sea Bass that was to die for; however, it's really the atmosphere with the Bellagio fountains in the background that won me over. I recommend saving this for a late(r) dinner when you can really enjoy the fountains and the vegas strip as it's backdrop!
5	We visited for the 2nd time in 7 months.The Cioppino Blanco was excellent. We brought in a bottle of Villenueve Chateaunuff du Pape, it was perfect for our occasion.Blazing fountains and perfect food and wine to pair, life is great!!!
5	Holy Crap Crap Crap, this was so Good Good Good. We were passing through Vegas and decided to pit stop for a little lunch and gambling and ended up at the Bellagio. I know that as far as food goes in Vegas it's hard not to find something good, but this was ridiculous. It has one of the greatest patio views; we sat right next to the water over looking the fountains and strip.Prices are very reasonable for Vegas, key part "for Vegas". The table is provided a mixed bread basket with an assortment of amazing tapenade. Everyone loved their meals, and my Mojito, though girly, was delicious. Next time I'm in Vegas, I will be back. I hope my 600th review of this place was just what you needed to convince yourself to go.
4	Great place. Food and service both top notch. A bit pricey but overall a great restaurant.
5	By far one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  We come here at least once every trip. I had the porterhouse steak - sounds like a lot, and it was, but it had the bone in it too.  Amazing and perfectly cooked steak, served over their version of mac & cheese (it was really more like a risotto), spinach, and a red wine glaze.  Frisee topped the steak.  It had lobster too - but only ONE piece.  I mean, one tiny piece.  That was disappointing.  They should have left that 'detail' off the menu.  Anyway, aside from the lobster, the rest of the plate was absolutely delicious.  All that was left was the bone.  Heh, heh...Hubby ordered the pan seared sea bass.  I don't remember what else was on the plate, but the sauce had a light citrus taste to it, and it really made the meat of the fish sing.  It was really, really good.  Not as good as my steak... but that's me.Another excellent meal.  Can't wait to go back.
4	Delicious food! my husband had the burger with Truffle cheese and absolutely loved it. I had the buccatini and meatballs which was delicous.
2	So for my birthday I wanted to sit out by the Bellagio Fountains, so we chose to eat at here. I had read all these great reviews and heard good things, so I figured the food would be amazing. Not the case.Good things- the service was amazing- the cocktails were exquisite (especially the "Life is Fresh")- the bread basket before the meal was wonderful- the chocolate cake and panna cottaBad things- every entree was gross (I can't think of another word)- the scallops were covered in a weird, thick brown sauce that ruined the dish- the sea bass tasted like water- the duck was overcooked and toughI think the view is nice, and the service is great, but I wouldn't go back except for cocktails and desserts.
5	Five stars. Wow. I am being sweet today. But why not?We got a reservation an hour after we called. We were seated immediately. The waiter was fantastic. The bussers were on top of their game. Never an empty glass of water or a dirty dish on the table. The prices were what was expected of an establishment such as this one. And of course, the food was delectable.I probably don't need to say anything more, but I will. i haven't yet learned to shut my mouth.Our waiter was very personable, as well as professional. One of my three companions had been there two years prior, and had eaten a dish he no longer saw on the menu. He asked about it. The waiter informed him that the dish had been taken off the menu, but recalled in detail how the dish was served.In twenty minutes, we had that dish on our table, specially prepared by the cook on the fly, and served to us as an appetizer. In another restaurant? Maybe. But it happened here.i ordered the ribeye. I could have used my fork to cut into this piece of meat. Okay, I'm exaggerating. But it was very tender. Cooked a perfect medium rare. And sitting on a bed of smushed up grass. Ha. I'm sure there's a technical term for it, but well, I didn't know what it was and that's what it looked like to me. So that's what I'm calling it. And if you don't like it, tough shit. I'm not a professional diner. I'm just a girl who loves her steak, and sitting on smushed up grass was a very good piece of steak. And hey, the grass tasted good!
4	My boyfriend surprised me with lunch at Olives and a table-for-two situated on the restaurant's patio right next to the Bellagio fountains :)  We started with a Portobello flatbread with red onions, fontina cheese, white truffle oil.  My previous experiences at $$$ restaurants made me expect something super tiny so when the waiter brought out the flatbread, I was sooo surprised!  It was almost than a personal pizza and could have totally sufficed as an entree.  It was also DELICIOUS.  The red onions and truffle oil worked totally in sync with each other. The rest of our meal was also delicious - I loved my boyfriends scallops (more than my Spring Pea Mezzaluna).  However, we did stupidly order a side order of parmesan french fries.  My boyfriend eats a lot but the bread basket, plus flatbread, a pasta, an entree, AND french fries - we were STUFFED. Overall, the restaurant is wonderful and the fountain (+ music that is played on the patio) adds a very romantic touch. I am minus-ing one star though because the waiter thought we were done after our flatbread and took away all our bread basket, silverware, and dishes.  My boyfriend and I awkwardly sat at the empty table until they realized their mistake and came back very apologetically with new utensils and plates.  They were also a little slow with refilling water.
2	I wish I could give this review without having to link the name of the restaurant to Todd English, as I truly think he is one of the most talented Chefs on the planet.  So Todd, if you are reading this, please don't take it personally!   I've dined at Olives 6 times over the past 3 years, and have never written a review until now.  I am not under any circumstance saying that I had a 'bad' experience; however there is quite a gap or disconnection between the presentation of the food and the flavor of it, especially considering the prices of the entrees.  Every time I sign the check, I feel I am paying more for the Marketing of the restaurant than the experience I got from the flavor of the food.  The presentation of the food is amazing, and a lot of work is put into it.  The problem is that there is a large gap between what my eyes see and my mouth tastes.  They start their guests off with some lovely tapenades.   I love tapenade, but it is extremely salty.  So, if you are going to start off with something that has that much flavor, the rest of your food has to pack a pretty big punch or your buds are going to be very disappointed.  I have tried all the entrees, and sadly, I have to say they are all bland.  But LOOK beautiful.  Uggh, there's that disconnect again.  The carpaccio.. well, how can I say this except to be brutally honest... pisses me off.  The presentation is amazing - the slices of beef cover the plate and are mounted on top of something... and when you look at it, you get so excited thinking what yummy thing could be in the center underneath all this delicious meat.  Well folks, now you know why I say they care about more about the presentation that the food they deliver.  You know what was under that pile of beef?  Cake bread.  Yes, cake bread.  I had my hopes set high it was a pile of parmesan, or yummy cheese, maybe even some fun greens.  But, no.. it was bread, which provides not even the slightest value to carpaccio.  For my entree, i chose the duck 2 ways.  Fifty dollar ticket price, but hey - if it knocks me off my chair, who cares?  Well, the duck one way was stuffed with rice.  Not only do I hate rice, but i just paid $50 for it?  The other duck, number two, was seared with the fat on.... perfect, that's how it should be prepared.  However, they forgot to season it.  They paired it with 2 sauces, both pureed veggies.  But again, forgot the seasoning.  Now.. I'm pretty laid back, and think to myself 'Kelley, just add some salt and pepper, you'll be fine'.  Except - this is one of those restaurants that doesn't have salt and pepper on the table because their ego allows them to believe the food is perfect the way it is.  I don't understand the 'salt and pepperless' tables of America.  People from all ages and circumstances are dining with you.  You think a 60 year old has the same taste buds of a 30 year old?  How about a smoker vs a non smoker?  How about ... PUT THE DAMN SALT AND PEPPER ON THE TABLE??!This experience reminds me of riding in a down elevator, with a pretty hard landing.  So, let's end on a positive note, shall we?  The service is amazing!!  Secondly, their pastas are all VERY GOOD.  I've tried every one of them, and they DO deliver a lot of flavor and they are unique as well, and the portions are not huge, so you can actually get up easily after your meal.  So, my advice would be go there for lunch, and order pasta....for $30.
5	I sat at the bar here and had lunch, trying in vain to rid myself of a Vegas sized hangover. The bartenders were very sweet and attentive, keeping my water glass filled to the top at all times. The pesto was out of this world.  I definitely filled up on bread, but when my entree came I quickly made room.  There are no words in the English language, or any other for that matter, that can appropriately describe to you how delicious my pasta was.  Hand made and house made, clearly, it was how pasta would taste if Jesus had made it.  I had the butternut squash in mine and it was cooked PERFECTLY. The sauce on top was the best possible compliment.  This is seriously the best pasta on Earth. I will someday end up in Vegas just because my craving for Olives is so insanely strong.  Go and order the butternut squash ravioli, and bring some back for me.  Seriously.
3	In true Vegas style, the birthday girl found a high stakes poker champ to be our patron for the weekend. He made us (5girls) reservations at Todd's at 12:30 on the patio, just in time to see the watershow....how thoughtful! It was fabulous! We were by far the youngest people having lunch, but that didn't stop us form being overly obnoxious with the picture taking, loud giggling and inappropriate comments. We started with the beef carpaccio, which was out of this world! The oysters were just eh...too big for my taste. I had the butternut squash pasta, which was delicious, but way too much food for my still drunk state. We also tried the scallops, which had huge potential, but tasted fishy...so I'd say a miss. The halibut was also fishy...another miss. Overall, I'd say Olive's is very hit or miss....I can't rave enough about the carpaccio, and the butternut squash was nothing to scoff at....however, everything else was lackluster...and dare I say too fishy smelling/tasting. With all the fine restaurants in Vegas, I don't think I'll be back to Olive's...for the price, nothing should have smelled or tasted fishy....that's just amateur!However, since it was all free, and we did have a good time, I'm going with 3 stars
4	Good yummy selection of complimentary bread and wine.  I have a Petite Sirah which complemented well with my entree.  Porterhouse steak is filling but not the high exquisite expectation I expected from the Bellagio.  The staff came to check on our table often.  Wished the server came to us more often to check on our meals and wine.   The banana tiramisu is delicious!
5	Gotta love it. Squid and octopus appetizer still a favorite.  The view of the fountain, decor and overall quality of all the dishes in top notch. A LV go to for me.
2	Food is excellent. Noise level is extreme and service is very rushed.
4	goat cheese stuffed pork chop - sucks for you it's not on the menu anymore - not sure if that's a good thing but it was VERY good.  all around great place to have dinner in vegas.
3	Just enjoyed the fig, prosciutto and goat cheese flat bread (pizza) and caprese salad for lunch this past weekend - terrific! I've been to Vegas tons of times and have never been successful at getting a seat at Olives - this last time we lucked out with a couple of seats at the bar, but they are generally always busy: reservations are recommended! Prices for lunch seemed reasonable (considering), and service was quite good.
5	Great menu, great ambiance, great drink selection, great service, great location.I was really impressed with everything. Going to this restaurant really made my trip exciting; everything was perfect.
3	The food is actually pretty good, as far as flavoring is concerned... but they're always so crowded (due to their location) they hardly pay proper attention to cook times. So it's a tossup... you can either get your meal done perfectly, or so overcooked, it's totally tasteless... unacceptable for a supposedly good restaurant.
5	First off - Joe is the best bartender on earth.  Period.  He reads my mind, and I'm never disappointed.  I will only sit at the bar to eat here, only walking away from my big comfy barstool to watch the water show on the balcony when my buzz is strong.  But, like a paddle ball on a rubber band, I come right back to HIT IT with another mini carafe of wine.    Secondly, I can't remember ever having a bad dish, bad service, bad anything while sitting in my big upholstered throne at Olives.  I give mad props to Todd English for the concept, and pulling the investors together, etc, but this place is a perfect storm of their executive chef, awesome staff, and spot on food.  This is the best lunch spot in Vegas... Hands down.  Spago, I love too, but Olives is just the shizzle.  Mwah!
4	My bf took me here for my birthday. Olives has a gorgeous view of the Bellagio water show. Do ask to be seated by the window if you can. As for the food, we had one hit and one miss. The blue nose bass - This was one of the specials on the menu. Blue nose bass has a similar texture to Chilean sea bass, perhaps slightly rougher. The waiter recommended the Chilean sea bass but this one had a more unique pairing. When I find the exact ingredients, I'll add it here =P The ribeye - What sucked me in were the croquettes which turned out to be less than spectacular. The ribeye was also not marbleized at all. It tasted more like a mediocre flat iron steak. The bread basket with the olive spreads were pretty delicious. I liked the slight sweet raisin like bread in the basket the best. I was a tad sad that the meal was on the expensive side but the food was not all around solid. Ah well, I still loved the view and of course the company =P I think this is a great place for appetizers and happy hour to soak in the gorgeous view but I'd probably skip dinner here again. And if you plan to come here for dinner, stick to the bass.
4	The man friend took me here for a date night while we were staying with his family over Thanksgiving.  The decor is nothing too memorable and it's another one of those dimly lit restaurants, but the view of the Bellagio water show was pretty spectacular.  Request a table near the window if you can.  Unfortunately, it got really window as the night progressed so the water show stopped at just about 9pm that night.The service was friendly and prompt but our head waiter was a wee bit odd.  He'd come up to the table and just look at us....without saying anything.  The rest of the wait staff thankfully were normal and very kind.  They start you off with a variety of delicious, fresh baked bread and olive spreads - our favorite was the roll with cranberries and walnuts.  We had to control ourselves from filling up on the bread.  We shared the Belgium Endive salad and they were kind enough to split it into two separate plates.  Bosc pears, endives, pistachios and grilled brie - what a great mix of flavors.  He special ordered the Chilean Sea Bass and asked that it be prepared like the Salmon entree with the Salmon fixings and I had the Duck Two Ways.  They were very accommodating to his customized request and it came out fantastic. Both my pieces of duck were infused with flavor but I like my seared duck breast much better than the crispy confit leg.  We were stuffed up to our eyeballs but still devoured the Banana Tiramisu for dessert.  Everything was scrumptious.I recommend dining here in warmer weather so you can enjoy your dinner out on the balcony under the heat lamps while enjoying the water show.  Now, that would have been pretty sweet.  Great all around spot for a date, special occasion or even a business or nice group dinner.
4	first of all, we got an amazing seat on the patio with a front row view of the bellagio water show.  we've seen it a hundred times, but for some reason, it was so much better while sitting here eating a delicious dinner.  the ambiance is cool...kinda loud inside and looks very crowded.  but we are here to review the food.  the chocolate bread was awesome...i hate it when i like the bread, cuz i just fill up on that.  we also got the portobello flatbread.  the crust was a tad soggy in the middle, but it was very tasty!!  the greek style romaine, was good.  a little too much dressing.  entrees....butternut squash tortelli.  my husband liked it better than i did.  i thought it was a little too sweet.  i got the rib eye.  i don't know why i always get steak wherever i go.  it was solid, but i've had better.  i guess i shouldn't get steak unless i'm at a steakhouse.  oh well.  their cocktails are pretty amazing.  sooo yummy.  we would go back, but probably order different things.
4	Olives is great place to view the fountains at The Bellagio.  My friend & I were sat at a table right near the windows.  You can sit outside on the patio, but it was too cold for us.  Service was great, everything looked delicious on the menu & everything we ordered was great!  My favorite thing is that the restaurant wasn't too crowded & the music wasn't too loud.  It was the perfect ambience to relax & have a nice dinner while in Vegas.
3	For some reason I always think of Olives as a lunch spot. Had dinner her a couple of times, but lunch seems to fit better. Nice location by the Bellagio fountain, and a very pretty patio area.Appetizers are the best thing on the menu; flat breads, beef carpaccio and (god forbid) ravioli. Somewhat uninspiring, but decent.
4	Lunch Prix Fixe menu. $30.Salad was a bit on the salty side but a good mix of the greens and dried lemon. Soup was a good choice too, not too salty. The yellowtail entree was well done, perfectly cooked. The other things on the plate though, not so much. Dessert was also good, pumpkin mousse. The bread and olive spread were absolutely delicious though. I even took a basket home. Overall this restaurant barely made it to four stars, I'd say that it would be good to try and the price, well, you're probably paying more for the view than for anything else.. So get a window seat.
5	Wonderful restaurant!  YOU must call and reserve a spot on the patio with the Lake Bellagio and water show right in front of you.  Really, really nice!  Inside beautiful contemporary decor.Lunch was delish!  Roasted chicken was succulent, salads perfect, soup extraordinarily impressive. Decently priced, modified Italian.  Every item I saw come out of the kitchen looked very good!BTW what is the deal with "flatbreads?"  When did pizza become a flatbread, what a contrived bunch of nonsense!  The "flatbread" did look good tho ;)
2	We came here for a dinner, (wanted to go to the Bellagio buffet but the line was too long) and it was sub par. Neither of us enjoyed our meals, and that's not so good when you're forking out 150 bucks. I ordered a martini, and what I got was basically a glass filled to the brim with nail polish remover and some festive olives. Honestly, this drink was so nasty, I would have rather drank rubbing alcohol. I would have rather drank Nyquil. Blegh.
2	Important note - we are both vegetarian.I mention this because the focus is obviously on meat, which may be great, but any good restaurant can cook their veggies.  We go to four and five diamond restaurants often and are overall pretty easy.While they were accomodating to us, what we got was a mediocre salad, a platter of roasted vegetables, and a veggie pasta.  These are the most obvious items, which unfortunately were only poorly executed.  The ambiance is beautiful, but very casual.    Great for kids - not the best for a romantic dinner.  It felt like a very high end Olive Garden to us.  Loud, many large tables, good decor - overall solid.At the end of the day, I am more critical here because of how many amazing Vegas restaurants there are.  The convenience to shopping is wonderful, as well as the decor, but the creativity and overall execution was poor.
5	Subtle, seemingly-simple dishes with pleasantly complex flavors.  This was the best meal I had in Vegas, to be honest.  It should also be noted that I hate olives, but the olive butter (was it butter? does it matter?) was surprisingly good for being made of, presumably, 99% mashed olives.  The portion sizes were good also; frequently in my brief visit to Vegas the dinners were just huge and felt wasteful, but not here.
4	I had a really fantastic experience here-- great food and attentive service. It gets quite crowded at lunch time, so make sure you have reservations or come prepared to wait.The must-have is the beef carpaccio. I don't even know how to describe it, but it's amazing. They're also known for their house-made pasta; the meatball pasta was really delicious. I didn't like the fish too much because the cilantro rice was bland and not that interesting. However, the fish itself was cooked perfectly. I would say to order the beef carpaccio and some kind of pasta and you're 100% sure to have a fabulous meal!It could have been a 5 except two things: 1. the rice, and 2. they couldn't accommodate us for window seating even though we specifically requested it.
4	I've been to Olives many times, and it was great each time.  It's a perfect place for a quick satisfying lunch.  Most of the time, I was there for lunch, only had a dinner there once which was also great.  Not really a pizza fan, but their portobello mushroom pizza is so good.  I really like their beef carpaccio too!
5	Second time back was even more impressed! I went for the first time in 2008 with the girls as we hit up Vegas. We 'waited' at the bar to see if we could get a table as you couldn't make reservations back then. Definitely not patient enough to get a seat on the patio we were seated 1/2 way through our first round of wines....no complaints here. We each got a few appetizers for the table and the ONLY thing I can remember from that first trip is the beef carpaccio. It literally melted in my mouth! So headed back to Vegas for welcome in 2011 with my fiance (a magnificent cook and foodie) and 3 Australian friends. As I have been to Vegas before I wanted them to choose what they wanted to do....I had one request....ONE dinner at Olives. So we saved it for our last night. On a whim (the morning of) I went to our concierge to ask about a reservation and to my surprise she called and got us a 5:30 seating! Upon our arrival we were seated immediately. My one concern is they really packed us in there but I wasn't complaining! It was a Saturday night and I was beside myself. Bread basket has some crunchy flat cracker with seeds that went super well with the olive tampenade. I prefered the black over the green. And they should consider not chopping the olives so much...it almost was a puree but still soooo tasty. They also included a cranberry walnut chocolate roll in the bread basket. It was sweet and I was surprised it was in the before dinner basket but really liked the flavor :) I don't think I will ever turn down chocolate, I don't care what course it is on.Terry (fiance) ordered the Layer Cake, a Malbec from Argentina. Spectacular choice, we even ordered a second bottle. It is a great red that goes well with everything we ordered....and at a decent price (for restaurant wine pricing that is). I can't wait to find this for a cheaper price at my local liquor store! :)Of course I ordered the beef carpaccio as it was burned in my memory forever. I was not let down....it was as good, if not better, than I remembered!Kate ordered the flatbread specialty, a wild mushroom flatbread. Very rich and filling. Bevo ordered the tuna tartare, I was especially surprised and pleased with this pick! I love tuna but this seemed just so delicate and fresh. Patty ordered the squid and octopus which was served with some garbanzo beans and a smokey broth....I was really surprised of this flavoring but really enjoyed it as it was a way I have never had it seasoned and flavored before.  For dessert Terry and I split the Butterscocth brulee. Magnificent! (and butterscotch is not my first preference when it comes to dessert flavors) This dinner just wouldn't have been complete without it. I also tasted Patty's espresso martini that was perfectly balanced of espresso and liquor!So although we didn't do entrees we were all stuffed and each got out with about $50/person including wine and with being able to taste so much!If I EVER make it back to Vegas my one requirement will be to make it to the patio to watch the fountains from Olives, my favorite place in Vegas!Synopsis:1. Get a reservation if possible (on the patio if nice weather) or be prepared to wait for a table....it is worth it!2. Order the beef carpaccio, you will not regret it3. I hope you enjoy it as much as I did!
5	New Years Day lunch on the terrace overlooking Lake Bellagio and its spectacular fountains is hard to improve upon....unless you happen to be dining at Olives!We had lunch New Years Day and it was one of the best quality, well prepared, well served meals I have ever had in Vegas.  And, frankly, without all the Vegas glitz.  I highly recommend their bellini.  It is as good as it gets outside Harry's Bar in Venice, Italy.  Ask the server about their specials.  I had a crab crusted Chilean Sea Bass special that was the best sea bass I've ever eaten.There is something for everyone.  Fish lover, carnivore or vegetarian.  Everything we tried was perfectly prepared.  The ambiance inside and outside is elegant without all the Vegas fan fare and the service is comparable to a New York City 4 star restaurant.Bravo! Will definitely be returning.....and definitely partaking in the Chocolate Fallen Cake for dessert again.  Wow!
5	The BEST * Carpaccio* plate EVER-ever-ever!!! hands-down!! .... ( I looooooove carpaccio )...and its a ginormous heaping plate of Carpaccio you could ever want and then some. Cause you have all this carpaccio slices covering an entire plate not to mention its also burying a pile of salad, and then  underneath the salad is a piece of bread that is soaked in some marinade, just in case the carpaccio and salad wasn't enough to fill you up.The veal pasta is amazing too. The meat and the sauce is slow cooked into a reduction and then served on a linguini type of pasta. I've ordered this way to many times and its not on the menu. The menu changes upon seasons but if there is a plate or plates that you just specifically love and you have trouble finding it on the menu, you can actually make a request to the chef  and he will make it for you. =)  I loove it!  Big toast to olives and my husband and I's regular waiters.p.s. Excellent Service but make reservations. This place is outrageously busy and you must rsvp a day or two and sometimes  a week in advance to reserve a spot.
5	lunch on 1/11 at the bar was awesome as usual----the beef carpaccio is a meal itself, and is the best best best carpaccio I have ever had...its OUTSTANDING and worth the trip here....
1	Horrible food and gruff, awful service!With all the fabulous, high end dining in Vegas this one sorely disappoints!Stay away from the Vegas outpost and stick with NYC's Olives which is still quite good.
4	Heard it was good for its seafood so I was super excited to try this place during my visit to Vegas. The inside is dark, but the atmosphere is relaxing and really pretty. I love the location of Olives, because you can see the Bellagio watershow outside the window while you eat. Pretty awesome. Starters: I ordered the Capaccio and was really glad i did. The meat was fresh, and comes with a little saladDishes: I ordered the Halibut. It was okay, i wasn't too impressed with it. My friend who told me to get this dish said the fish is suppose to taste like butter. But it didn't. It was still good. Loved the spinach risotto, it made the whole dish more on the creamy side. The sea bass on the other hand, tasted like butter. If i could have a do-over, i would order the sea bass. The ribeye was nothing out of the ordinary, but still delicious.
5	Tuna app was amazing, best raw preparation I've had in a long time. The flatbreads are great too. I had the tenderloin and it was tender, juicy, and delicious. I highly recommend!
4	As everyone has said and I agree: the beef carpacchio is amazing.My girlfriends and I went here for lunch, and we made reservations and were seated immediately. They brought us a basket of crackers and breads with olive dip and olives to nibble on. The service was great throughout.We ordered appetizers to share: beef carpacchio (DELICIOUS), shrimp and chorizo flatbread (has a spicy kick to it but really flavorful), five onion soup (wasn't memorable), and a salad.What I liked most was the ambiance and service. Since we shared appetizers and starters, the bill wasn't bad at all and we were very pleased and satisfied with our meal before we headed out to shop and enjoy the rest of Vegas.
4	Olives is a great double date spot and highly recommended by us locals. The atmosphere is warm and relaxing, with nice views of the Bellagio Fountain show. They start you off with a tasty selection of breads, olives, and tapenade that we couldn't stop gobbling. Their mixed drinks were delicious - the cable car is divine. We ordered a steak, salmon trio, prime rib, and a rabbit duo. The only "miss" was the rabbit, which was a bit dry and tough. Everything else was wonderful, and you'll wonder why you've never had salmon tabbouleh before when you try it.  Our vanilla bean souffle for dessert wasn't a miss exactly, but it wasn't terribly special, either. You'd be better off strolling across the casino and through the atrium to Jean Phillipe for some outstanding gelato. If you're looking for a great meal with good service and not an ounce of snootiness, though, Olives is your place.
5	Just came back from a few days in Vegas.  I ate Italian three out of four nights.  RAO'S and OLIVES were the best nights, even though each serves entirely different Italian cuisine.  RAO'S is NYC good ol' school, where OLIVES is fusion post-modern 'fancy' Italian.  You have to be an amazing chef to reinvent a cuisine.  Lobster Pumpkin Bisque, Crab Beignets, two different salads, the swordfish, Beef Carpaccio, and Butternut Squash Tortelli richer than any cheesecake. There wasn't a bad plate on the table, and in fact -- everything was amazing.  I am irked by celebrity chefs but I'm a believer of Todd now. This isn't a place to simply feed an appetite.  This is the type of place you'd dream about holding a wedding reception.  Kinda cramped quarters, sure, but the view of the Bellagio fountain creates the 'illusion' of space.Once you can forgive the exorbitant bill that unfortunately can/will/must arrive -- what can I say -- this is one of the finest meals I've ever witnessed in or out of Vegas.And the Bellagio blended red wine wasn't topped in four nights -- and believe me my dining mates tried.  Worth going back to just for this.Five stars.  No hesitation.
4	We had dinner at Olives before our Cirque du Soleil show since both venues were located at the Bellagio. We weren't seated near a window, like I'd requested when I made the reservation for three. Instead we were seated in the middle of the dining room with contagious excited energy stirring around us. We shared:-- Crab beignets: beignet was light & very crispy & filled with a sweet/savory crab filling. Topped with a delicate avocado sauce. Delicious!-- shrimp encrusted mahi mahi: basically crispy fried shrimps top firm, tasty mahi mahi. Came with a bit of mushroom risotto. --fig & prosciutto flatbread: I am a fan of thin crust pizzas so I loved that their menu has a variety of flatbreads. This one was a mix of salty from the gorgonzola cheese & prosciutto & sweet from the figs & fig jam. Crust was thin, but chewy & flavored with Rosemary. Try it!Every dish was so sophisticated, so fancy in it's execution & presentation, as well as brimming with flavor. The bread basket came with a parmesan crisp & a chocolate bread that paired so well with their olive tapenade. We left with very happy mouths.
3	The serving size is super huge no matter of appetizers or entree!Food tasted ok, my pasta was way way overcooked that it glued together like a mess while the veal sauce tasted excellent.  My bf's pasta was average just slightly better than Olive's Garden. We were much better off to grab a crepe at Jean Philippe instead!
3	Excellent food, bitchy hostess staff!My hub and I hit Vegas every summer, it's our time to reconnect sans teenagers.   We're farily easy to please, good food, good wine, good Lord we're thrilled! This is in the Bellagio where we were staying, made reservations, asked for a table Al Fresco, arrived and snooty little hostess sat us at a tiny little two top near the kitchen door.  We weren't rude, we asked (again) for a table outdoors (which overlooks the magnificent Bellagio Fountain show) and told her her we were happy to to camp at the bar and have a cocktail if need be watiing for a table outdoors. She rolled her eyes and walked away from without a word and headed back to the hostess stand.  We followed like scolded little kids assuming we were supposed to.    She murmored something to someone else at the front and walked away.  We ended up getting our table and were thrilled but since we travel alot to Vegas the economy really has taken it's toll there and most restaurants are not full even on weekends so they can't afford to leave a lasting impression like this little bitch did.    At any rate, the Tapenad (spelling?) was awesome, waiter was very helpful with wine and meals.  Steaks were wonderful and we enjoyed the romtantic atmosphere watching the Bellagio light show provided. There are ODDLES of restaurant choices so we prob wont' return here.
1	One of the biggest disappointments of my 40th birthday weekend in Vegas.  Yes, the patio and fountain show are great and fun.  But it's soo expensive to have mediocre food and terrible service.  Not only was the wait staff terrible, but the hostess was annoying and full of herself.  Hey, I didn't make her become a hostess!?  Wouldn't recommend and I'm shocked to read the positive reviews!
5	My first experience at Todd English's Olives will never be beaten. My boyfriend had surprised me with a Vegas trip for my 23rd birthday (my 24th is coming up in exactly five days :)) and this is where he took me for my birthday dinner. As soon as we walked into the restaraunt I fell in the love. The ambiance and design was breath taking. Dimmed lighting, large windows with a view of the Bellagio water show and also an amazing patio which we did get the pleasure of dinning on last September. There is a very warm and welcoming yet sophisticated feel in Olives.We sat at a small romantic size table and had the most soft spoken yet confident waitress who gave us the most perfect service. In her beautiful accent she explained items not on the menu and recommended a cocktail for us. She was never unattentive and never over attentive.To start, they bring out an assortment of delicious rolls, breads, etc.. with 3 different types of olive speads. My favorite combo was the sweet roll with the green olive spread. Foodgasm! My boyfriend ordered a Manhattan to drink and let me tell you... that night I turned into a whiskey drinker. You've never truly had a Manhattan until you've had the Olives Manhattan. I ordered something girly and froufy resembling a lemon drop. To eat we ordered a delicious vegetarian style flat bread and a chilled apple soup (its been over a year... it may have been a chilled pear soup!). Being my birthday, they brought out a cute plate reading "Happy Birthday" on it wth four bite size mouth watering treats. We still ordered dessert after! We ordered a white chocolate martini and a chocolate fudge cake. Bottom line, EVERYONE needs to experience Olives! I promise you'll have a hard time eating anywhere else in Vegas after.
4	I love this place.  I've been here about 5 or 6 times and its one of those restaurants I always recommend to people when they are looking for good food on the strip.  First of all, if you get a balcony table, the view of the fountains and the strip is very nice.  Second of all, they have the BEST beef carpaccio on the strip!  Delicious, thinly cut raw beef drizzled with balsalmic and shaved pieces of parmesan....Yum!  If you dont wanna go for dinner, atleast stop at the bar for a cocktail and the carpaccio!  Third of all, great service.  There are a lot of people on staff there to make sure you have a wonderful dinning experience!  Our water was always full and we always had everything we  needed!  They are definitely professionals working there.My fiance and I went for an early valentines dinner / late lunch on Monday.  We ordered a bottle of red and we always get the carpaccio and octopus to start. He always gets the short rib and this time I opted for a mushroom crusted halibut special they had on the V-day menu.  Everything was on point and each bite made my taste buds feel like there was a party in my mouth!  We ended the meal with the dessert on special and we split an espresso martini (they put it in two separate martini glasses for us and they were the size of a full martini each)  Bonus!         The dessert was a flourless chocolate cake with baileys icecream and chocolate covered strawberries.  Awesome!  The martini glass with the cake and icecream was rimmed with sugar and pop rocks!  It was a really fun surprise to the dessert.  Can't wait to go back!
4	Hands down, my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas!!!!Located in the Via Bellagio Promenade, this Mediterranean-style establishment has outdoor seating with view of their remarkable Bellagio Fountain as a backdrop! It's so romantic.Their bread alone would make me fly/drive/run back here in an instant.They have two kinds of bread and they serve it with a smorgasbord of olive spreads. OMG!!! I knew i loved olives, but it wasn't until I ate here that I realized how much my love for them would grow.I would have been content eating the bread and olive spreads alone, but the waiter urged us to order an entree.We ordered the Ricotta Ravioli and Fried Sea Scallops.The food just MELTS in your mouth, the combination of fried sea scallops and their rosemary mashed potatoes and veggies - oh my, my mouth waters just remembering it.My reason for the -1 Star?? I ended up getting a little sick through dinner, I don't think it was from the food itself because no one else got sick, but it put a tiny damper on my night.Regardless, it is my goal to return to Vegas and eat here once again!!!
4	Two words: Bread Basket.We were in Vegas this past weekend and had a Valentine's Day lunch at Olives. We have been to Olives before and do not at all remember the awesomeness of the bread basket.  But the first time we were there, we were totally babies - just started dating, all in love, sitting on the patio at night watching the fountains.  I was probably trying to impress him with my total indifference to carbs.  But here we are, a few years later, about to be married and I pretty much attacked that bread basket.  Onion focaccia, garlicy-cheesy crisp things, and spiced up dinner rolls.  I was in heaven!We ate more than just bread - we shared the Calimari which was somewhat more salad-like than just regular calimari.  I thought the sauces were very good and ate more of the sauces/dressing and the greens than actual calimari. He ordered a shrimp pasta dish that had some Asian flavors going on.  I think it was the pea shoots that I eat on other dishes, but it kind of threw me.  A very saucy dish, but good.I had the Olives burger which I had my eye on from our last visit. The glazed balsamic onion was a nice addition and the burger itself was really juicy.  Combined with the greasy bun it made for a somewhat messy burger - and that sauced up onion was sliding all over the place!We had very good service and it was a nice way to end an awesome weekend in Vegas!
5	I love, love, love Olives!  Sitting out on the patio in the sunshine watching the fountains with a vodka infused cocktail is pure bliss.  I had a cocktail a few weeks ago that tasted like blueberry pie.  Delicious!!!The olives and spreads that they provide with the bread basket are so good.  I would love to order a second helping of these each time!My favorites are the burger, pastas, and fig and prochutto (sp) flatbread.  We have also had two different fish specials that were both creative and fabulously prepared.  The service is always helpful and attentive.  I had reservations on my last visit and still had to wait in line at the hostess table to be seated on the patio.  My wait was worth it!!!!
4	CARPACCIO!!!! GET IT!!!! You won't regret this one!While other people are busy shopping for Xmas gifts, I'm always busy thinking and dreaming of what my Xmas meal will be. For 2010, I went to Olives for my Xmas dinner and was amazed at the wonderful service and delicious food. We ordered off of their Xmas menu so some of the items featured are not a part of the regular menu...sadness *tears* I was thankful I came here to celebrate my Xmas nonetheless.For starters I had the carpaccio and the chestnut soup. The Carpaccio is freaking amazing and its HUGE! The whole plate alone could have been my entree and I would have left a happy happy girl. Amazing, fresh, and clean flavors, it was soooo good, I still drool dreaming of it. The polenta cake on the bottom though was a miss and I would have been happy without it. The chestnut soup was creamy and delicious, not too strong or heavy. I split the Lobster pappardelle and duck two ways. The pappardelle was very generous in lobster portions. It had a full lobster tail plus more lobster chunks cooked with the pappardelle. The duck two ways wasn't bad, but I've come to realize that I'm just far too picky about duck that its hard to please me.I didn't like the dessert selection, but I went with the cookie plate because it seemed the safest of all the choices for me. It was actually a surprisingly delicious treat. Cookies were warm, crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside. Peanut butter cookie was the bomb and the cookies were still delicious the day after!Would definitely come here again. The service is great and the food is amazing, I would love to just try out some of the other selections in the future! Todd English lives up to the hype!
4	First let me say I'm a Boston Olive's fan of many years so I was apprehensive about the Las Vegas  venue but I'm pleased to say it was unfounded.  From the seating through the desert Olive's met our expectations.  Beautifully plated salads and entrees, knowledgeable waitstaff, a lovely view and an accommodating kitchen made for an outstanding meal. With so many restaurants in LV where price does not necessarily indicate quality, it was reassuring to find the high standards of the Boston location were upheld and perhaps exceeded.
3	best olives I ever had!  We had the calamari, beef carpaccio and seabass, all very delicious.  We went with a group of 7, it was a work dinner.  We were all having a good time, talking, laughing, weren't being obnoxious or anything, and the hostess came by and told us that she wants to ensure others can enjoy their dinner, so pretty much telling us to be quiet, which we all thought was so inappropriate.  It's not like we haven't been to other nice restaurants and that other parties weren't at the same talking levels as us.But anyway, food and the waiter was good, but the night ended on a bad note, so rude!
3	I've been waiting a long time to eat here and planned on asking my girlfriend to marry me here after we ate.  Unfortunately everything was mediocre and I had to change plans.  The service was okay and they did allow us to only pay corkage for a wine they carried at the restaurant.  But the sald was weak, mostly full of croutons.  Her fish and my scallops were good, not great.  It was warm in the place and the bench for our table was way too low for the height of the table.  Nothing great here...go to Michael Mina's or twenty other better places.
5	The best! Had an incredible dinner on the patio. Great service and great food. The Fresh baked bread is unreal.
5	WOW!  Olives at the Bellagio deserves the highest star rating possible!   Aside from the outstanding food and service, the strip view and outdoor seating next to the dancing fountains was unbelievable!   Definitely stands out as one of the best of Vegas experiences.
4	One word Beef Carpaccio!!  Amazing.
4	The steak was AMAZING and of course if you can get a seat outside on the balcony there is no better view in Vegas. The wine list is a bit over-priced and the service wasn't the best as they forgot us in the bar while waiting for a table for over an hour (it was a 20 minute wait). Overall though a great place and fabulous food!
5	The beef carpaccio really is all that. Polenta, greens, three sauces...complex yet balanced. Interesting yet approachable. This was recommended by a chef I work with, and he was right on: this dish rocks.Also: fabulous service.Next time I'm at the Bellagio, this is a no-brainer. Will definitely go back.
4	first off i have to say, awesome seats! we didnt make a reservation and had a party of 8.  luckily we only waited about 15 mins or less because we were also in a rush to go see O after dinner.  but our table was nonetheless awesome.  we sat in this kind of sequestered area where it almost made us feel like we got a private room.  we were right next to the windows too so we had an awesome view of the bellagio fountains and they went off every 10-20 min. interval during dinner.my group was... rambunctious, that's a nice way to put it.  so i apologize to the waiter that had to deal with two members of our party. but other wise dinner went well.  I'm a fan of their pastas so i got their butternut squash ravioli.  it was just the right amount of sweet. my boyfriend got their seafood flatbread.  i liked the fig flatbread when I went to the NY Olives.  I wish i had more time to enjoy dinner because we rushed off to O right after but if I come back to Vegas i'll make a note to stop by again!
5	My wife and I had our last lunch as an engaged couple here on the afternoon of our wedding. It was incredible. We were seated at a beautiful table on the patio. If you didn't know, the patio is next to the Bellagio fountains so you get to see the show as well. The only warning I have is that if the wind comes up, you will get overspray. It reminded me of going to see Shamu as a kid. The bad part is that our flatbread went limp and my Maker's Mark Manhattan got some water in it. Sacrilige!!!!We were treated so nicely here. The food and service were top notch.
4	I make it a point to go to Olives every time I'm in Las Vegas. It's delicious! Every time I go, I order the butternut squash tortellini--it's perfectly seasoned, and there's lots of squash with just the right amount of noodle. They also bring this neat assortment of breads with olives on the side as an appetizer. The cocktails are also wonderful, and the service is pretty excellent too. But, my favorite part of all is the view! You can see the Bellagio fountains go off at night. It's a great view during dinner!
4	A very solid place to dine while in Vegas.  Nothing too over the top, or extraordinary, but a menu full of very flavorful food in an exciting atmosphere.  Also serving a nice selection of wines and great mixed drinks.If on a date and looking for more of a romantic dinner,  I would suggest  asking for one of the more secluded tables with views of the Bellagio Fountains.   Outdoor seating also available. Will be back during one of my future visits to Las Vegas.
4	My boyfriend and I made reservations for Olives during our recent trip to Las Vegas. The food and atmosphere were fabulous! We made reservations, so being seated was quick and easy. The decor was beautiful - warm colors and an olive branch motif. An added plus was the bursting fountains right outside the window! My only problem was that the booth I was seated in was too low for the table, so I felt like I was sitting in a hole. We were quickly served a variety of breads and olives, which were all very delicious (my boyfriend told me it was the best bread he has ever eaten in his life). I ordered the seared beef tenderloin and my boyfriend ordered the rabbit two ways and some wine. Both were presented beautifully. My steak was cooked perfectly and had the softest texture of any steak I have ever had. There was a quail egg and mushroom ravioli on top of the steak, which was very delicious, yet surprising because the quail egg yolk bursts in your mouth. I think my favorite part of the dish was the crispy parsnip chips that were perched on top like a flower! I tasted the rabbit two ways, which was even better than mine. The flavors were very complex, so we left satisfied.The service was overall good and the waiter was nice, but I must say he was one of the most awkward servers I have had in a long time. He really did not know how to talk to us. When wine was ordered he could barely ask for an ID. We are  21, we look young, you should not be afraid to ask us for our ID, since it's part of the job. He also seemed to give us different service than the older patrons. I might be young, but when I am ordering the most expensive thing on the menu I would appreciate equal treatment. It was definitely pricey, but I would recommend anyone to splurge!
4	I have probably eaten here 10 times and the Beef Carpaccio is the reason.  5 stars alone for this dish.  It is hard to describe, you just have to believe me and try it yourself. I have been pregnant the last 4 visits, and since I must refrain from consuming raw items, I have had a chance to finally try other items on the menu. The Scallop entree and the Fig and Prosciutto Flatbread- are also 5 star worthy. But the other dishes I have tried (olives burger, butternut squash tortelli, roasted chicken dish) are a hair above average- thus the 4 star rating as a whole. The view is amazing, the service is fabulous, and reservations are a must!
4	Good view (bellagio fountain) + good food + good service = 4.5 stars!Bread Basket + olive tapenade= delicious (but BEWARE... do not fill up on bread, even though it tastes great, gotta save room for the amazing food)Beef Carpaccio = AMAZING!!!!!!!! This is a MUST if you go here! Seriously, it is melt in your mouth amazing! Fig and Prosciutto flatbread= sweet and salty. savory to the extreme! a must try!!! Go here, try it out! but make sure you have a RESERVATION, this place is always packed. So a reservation is your best bet.
2	I have to admit that I was disappointed in the food Olives. Service was great and they were very understanding when we were an hour late for our reservation (we called twice). I really liked the bread they serve in the beginning with the olive tapenade. The warm walnut bread with honey was AMAZING and we even requested more.Started the meal with the beet salad and crab beignets and it was just meh. Really didn't have any flavor and wasn't impressed. The crab beignets also were like deep fried crab cakes and not beignets. It didn't do much for me in terms of flavor or taste.The main dishes were the portabello mushrooms flatbread and the salmon trio. The flatbread was probably the best thing we ate (except the warm walnut bread rolls...drool...) and you could taste the truffle oil on it too. If you're going to eat there, I'd highly recommend that you order a flat bread.The salmon trio was a seared salmon, salmon cake, and salmon tabouli. The seared salmon wasn't anything special but i did appreciate they didn't overcook it. I thought the salmon cake was interesting and probably my favorite of the three. The tabouli wasn't memorable. Not worth $36.Ended the meal with a vanilla souffle and taste-wise it was fine but the consistency was off. My expectations of a souffle at a Mediterranean restaurant were also not high.Overall it was a pleasant atmosphere and our waitress was great. I just didn't think the food was really worth the prices and I would not go back again if I was in Vegas.
4	Yay!!! A great way to experience the Bellagio. The experience was impeccable, with a profession waitstaff that flowed well together seamlessly. The food was divine, starting right with the bread and spreads. (Oh, bring on those carbs.!!!) The Fig and Prosciutto was spot on. Two of us were bought and sold with the Tuna tartar. This is a dish that can be so insipid in the wrong hands. Here, is is treated like the jewel of a plate that is should be. Bravo.Next time we will ask for a patio spot to watch the fountains. It was a bit nippy (for this south Florida girl) so the inside was the right choice this night.
4	During our trip to Vegas we knew we wanted to indulge in at least ONE good meal for our anniversary. We decided to go to Todd English's Olives Restaurant at the Bellagio and I'm so glad we did. With so many restaurants to choose from in Vegas, we were sold by the delicious-sounding menu and the reviews of the Lump Crab Beignets...on with it. So we started with the Lump Crab Beignets -- absolutely delicious! I've had nothing like these crispy little balls of goodness. You must try this. You won't be disappointed.We also ordered the Kobe Beef Tartare -- although it was good, it was not our favorite part of our meal simply because the competition was fierce! :)I ordered the Pork Chop with Clam Sauce -- OH EM GEE. The absolute BEST pork chop you'll ever sink your teeth into. I typically don't order pork chops, but I'm so happy I decided to be daring that night. I fell in love as soon as I cut into that crispy chop and fed myself a piece that was equal parts juicy white meat and straight up fatty goodness. There's nothing worse than a lean, dry pork chop. BO-RING. This hit the spot and that clam sauce was so good. Hubby was jealous.He ordered the Braised Beef which was your standard tender goodness you'd expect from a braised beef -- a sure winner for those not-so-adventurous types. For dessert we ordered their Cookies & Milk Gelato platter -- so tasty and so clever, and get this...they even wrote "Happy Anniversary" in chocolate. Bonus points for attention to detail!One of the highlights of Olives is you can request seating that allows you to watch the water show during dinner. The place is packed and pretty dim, but service was did not suffer. Thank you for a memorable Anniversary Dinner, Olives! We hope to visit you again soon.
4	Anytime my husband and I want a romantic date or a great place to socialize with our friends over a great dinner, Olives is the place we go in Las Vegas.  The balcony overlooks the Bellagio fountains, so not only do you get a fabulous dinner but the view is spectacular.  As for price- the value doesn't get much better than Olives...  Less pricey than most places on the strip, Olives offers predictably good food at an affordable price.  The beef carpaccio appetizer melts in your mouth.  Butternut squash is one of my favorite dishes.  This past weekend, I had the shrimp crusted pacific swordfish and lump crab beignets.  Balcony seating is first come first serve.  The secret?  Make a fairly early dinner reservation (between 5-7).  Arrive 30-45 minutes early and let the hostess know you'd like to sit outside and ask if they can put you on the list while you enjoy a drink in the bar.  It works every time.
4	Great place for lunch! Great service. Great food. Great ambiance.We enjoyed both the Tuna Carpaccio and the Beef Carpaccio. They were both starters, but totally enough for the 2 of us. Complimentary breads and tapanades were good too. Ice tea was nice and refreshing, but really, $4.50 for ice tea? Other than that, we enjoyed our lunch at Olives!
4	Another meal with the vegetarians yielded a delicious flat bread/pizza with morels (bacon on the side!) and a butternut squash ravioli.  Excellent access to the outdoors with the patio, giving one those views of the Bellagio fountains.  A much more casual restaurant than Picasso, but a nice respite from the clack-and-clang of it all.
5	This is the yelp review.  I'm going to follow up with a handwritten (not typed, a major concession for this geek) letter thanking them.I've eaten at Olives every time I'm in Vegas since I found the place.  Usually lunch, occasionally dinner.  My wife and I enjoy the flatbread pizzas and the tapanade.  She really likes the Pink Limon they no longer have on the menu, but make for her (+1 star)They also have seating indoors We take the time and sit on the terrace to watch the water ballet.  Very enjoyable to be chatting and nibbling, then pause for a few minutes to watch the fountains.  (+1 star).Now to the reason they're getting a handwritten letter.  Last night was a special occasion for us, and the maitre'd, Angel, made a significant effort to ensure everything was incredible.  He seated us on the terrace, but away from the rail.  This allowed us to see the ballet, yet was warmer and out of the wind - it's 65 degrees here in Vegas today, so it CAN get cold at night.  He did this with a few other couples, showing an above average attention to detail (+1 star).I snuck out after we ordered dinner (fig and prosciutto flatbread, prime rib special - both awesome +1 star) to talk to him about a special dessert for my wife.  He bounced a few ideas off me, then brought in a backup to save us both.  (+1 star) Llena came up with a wonderful passage to write on the plate, then served us each a glass of champagne.  It took some time to write it all, but when it came it was perfect!  (+2 stars, dammit - won't go that high)We had gone to Picasso the night before, but enjoyed this far more. We'll be back as soon as we land at McCarran again.
4	Great food!
5	Just wow! This place is upscale and gorgeous. Definitely dress up for this place and don't wear jeans. You'll feel a little out of place in this charming restaurant. All day, but even better in the evening, you can watch the Bellagio fountains dancing away if you're sitting near the windows or out on the terrace. Olives comes with complimentary bread squares with some sort of carmelized onion on top. With it comes two different olive spreads (green&black) as well ad whole olives themselves. Personally I thought the black olive spread was better than the green, the green is too salty for me Save a little bread for your entree so you can sponge up the BUTTERNUT SQUASH TORTELLINI! This was so good I was sinning and making noises. The tortelli was sweet, not heavy and just the right amount; the sauce was buttery and salty to compliment the tortelli. It may not look like a lot, but it will stuff you!
4	We had a group of 8 for lunch.  Got seated by the windows where you can watch the fountains.  Great food, drinks and service.  Had some sort of bourbon special drink.  Awesome.  Started to drag so the waiter suggested an espresso martini cocktail.  Wasn't sure about it but it was delicious.  Shared the tuna carpaccio and burger with truffle cheese.  Both were plentiful and really good.  So glad I shared because I never would have been able to finish.  Great place and I'd go back!
4	Todd English's Olives has it all - good service, good food and a goooood location!! I made reservations for 10 people to Olives super last minute (the week before) for a Saturday at 5:30 pm and they were very accommodating of our group, even though I added two people to the reservation at the very last minute! Keep in mind that although the patio seating for the Bellagio fountain would be amazing, they really can't make room for a huge group there. Also, they will hold your reservation for 15 minutes only!I ended up sharing a couple (pretty hefty sized) appetizers with the girls. The beef carpaccio recommended by Jenny J. was humongous and so good! The meat was definitely fresh and high quality and it covered a mound of crispy polenta. It was topped with parmesan and some greens meaning every single bite had a little bit of everything - super delicious and highly recommended as an appetizer!I also ordered the crab fritters which was very generous with the crab meat. It had a more Mexican food taste with avocado and a corn salsa type teal on top if it. Also recommended!All in all this was a great place to kick off a bachelorette weekend. I think I will always remember sitting by the gates to Bellagio and people stopping by to yell "Don't do it!!!!" to the bride! Classy, delicious...I just may be back!!
3	Ok let's try a straight to the point format :-)Good food (not amazing)Slow serviceVery loud and busyNOT cheap by any meansCan probably care less about my review cause they will remain busy
4	Love this place for the good location and great view of the Bellagio water fountain! I've been here twice and both times with a group of 5-6 people. The restaurant is great for couples as well as groups. The bread is so wonderful but I miss the olive bread they used to serve several years ago. They do have great bread served with olive spreads that are so yummy. Service was terrific.
5	#1, it's very rare for me to give a 5-star rating. #2, ask for Russ as your server, what a gem!I was so pleasantly surprised at Olive's. I had heard good things, but being that it is not one of the top billed eateries on the Strip, I didn't have terribly high expectations. Todd English is an amazing chef, so I knew it wouldn't be bad however! We had a reservation and were seated right away; which may not sound like anything to remark over, but I've experienced hour-long waits in Las Vegas even when I had made reservations. Our waiter, Russ, was such a doll. Knowledgeable, friendly, there when you needed him & gone when you didn't. He didn't mind at all that my colleague and I needed lots of time to decide and had loads of questions. We both started with a cocktail, The Slingback. It was delish! Absolut Ruby Red, passion fruit puree and a couple other things I can't remember. But boy did it go down easy...For our started we chose the beef carpaccio which I had heard much about. Boy, you Yelpers know your stuff...this was hands down the best carpaccio I've ever had. And I've had hundreds! It was melt-in-your-mouth delicious and I could not get enough. The serving size was massive; more than enough for my colleague and I and probably enough for 4 to split. For entrees I had the Lobster Bolognese and Janet had the cast-iron Branzino. Both were just divine. The lobster bolognese was something dreams were made of. Handmade pasta really capped of the flavors, and there was a puree of anise which I normally would have avoided like the plague, but it paired so well with the sauce. I was in heaven and ate way more than my lil tummy could handle! We were too full for desert (tragic, I know) but there were multiple selections that sounded amazing. The food, service, ambiance, and character of our waiter made for one of the best meals I've had in years. I would go back in a heartbeat and I really hope I get to!!
3	It was good but not great.Appetizers were better than the entrees. If you want steak, get the sirloin.  The Ribeye was fatty and not good.
5	The perfect lunch!We were fortunately enough to arrive to "the best seat in the house," patio seating facing the Bellagio fountains with perfect weather to boot. Amazing views definitely created a romantic atmosphere for my girlfriend and I.All meals are served with an assortment of bread that comes with a unique tray of both black and green olive dip. It also comes with full olives as well.- Beef Carpaccio $18 - AMAZING. My girlfriend doesn't generally like non-fish meats all that much, but we both LOVED this dish. It is a huge serving for only two people and will fill you up. Cited by our waiter as "Olives' best dish." JUST ORDER IT.- Black Olive Gnocchi - for her. I believe this was a special. My girlfriend loved it.- Flank Steak $28 - One of their specials. It was good. Not anything out of this world, but I enjoyed it.- Three Seasons Sorbet $6 - A good dessert. Seasonal and reasonably priced.- I don't recall how much drinks cost here, but I don't remember it being anything over the top.Service was exceptional. Our server was witty and the staff was conscious as to not interrupt picture taking, even offering to take pictures for us. I was drinking water like crazy that day and never reached the bottom of my glass.If it is a special occasion, it is definitely worth waiting for patio seating. Lunch being just over $100 for two, this is definitely a "special occasion" type restaurant and lives up to expectations.Out of all the Vegas restaurants my girlfriend and I tried together, we both agreed Olives was "THE" restaurant we were excited to return to. Great food and perfect service earns Todd English's Olives a perfect 5 star rating.
3	i really wanted the buffet at the belliggo but my billionaire japanese cousin wanted to take myself and some other japanese buyers to a really nice lunch before our massages, so we were on a tight schedule and the waiter was really nice and cool about that but everything was wrong and it was horrible to say the least. First my cousin isn't eating cheese at the moment and ordered for all of us and im not sure what came out but it looked like udon noodles with tomato sauce and his dish had massive cheese on it but they said it didn't and i didn't dare to complain then while in the middle of the crowded resturaunt so he ate it and i know it was good cus he loves cheese! Anyways it was a 400 plus lunch took 45 mins and i had to laugh when i saw one of our guest buyers just moving his udon noodle around his plate but the decor is awesome i loved the lights above the inside tables....xoxo   maybe if i go next time it will be better!
4	Great steak and a patio seat is a must
5	Excellent! We were pleasantly surprised, pork chop was perfectly cooked and presented. My wife had a combo of two pastas and it was just as good. Try to get Ralph as waiter, he may be the best we have ever had in Vegas. We sat outside and although it was a hot evening, it was still very comfortable
4	Visited here for lunch on 6/22. Seated promptly without a reservation.Took awhile for our waiter to get rolling towards us for our drink order.We split an appetizer of calamari to start off with, which was pretty good.Then had a special crab salad and a mushroom flat bread.The crab salad was OK, nothing special. The mushroom flat-bread was excellent though. Intense flavor, rich with mushrooms on a super thin crust. It was quite tasty.One other note is that the bread basket along with the olives spread is awesome. I kept eating this bread it was so good. I have been low carbing it and this bread was a real treat to veer of my path for once. Foccacia, some type of onion foccacia, and a very thin cracker like bread flavored with parmesan and garlic. Wow. They were all good.Anyway..........I would most likely want to go back for that mushroom flat-bread again. I love mushrooms, so it made me a happy boy.I give it 4 stars. Try it out yourself.
5	Wow, the food here is excellent. I went with my family before going to see "O" and really enjoyed it. We were able to walk in and get a table without a wait, which I was really surprised about. Our server was very friendly and attentive. We ordered calamari as an appetizer for the table, and then shared two of the flatbreads. We got the prosciutto and fig flatbread and the smoked salmon one. They were both excellent and that was plenty of food for four people. We had one child with us, and they were able to make buttered noodles for her. Those were the best buttered noodles I've ever tasted - very gourmet for a kid! Both the bread they brought to the table and the olive tapenades served with it were excellent.
4	Enjoyable trattoria style dining, expert preparation. Overlooking the famous fountains at the Bellagio.
4	Great dinner:- beef carpaccio outstanding. (2-4 people could share this.)- lobster bolognese inventive & outstanding.- zucchini flower/crema flatbread good, not great. (breading on flowers too heavy)- staff very friendly and laid back (unlike some other places that can be stiff).- breads and tapenades very nice.- ask to sit by window (or on terrace if not too hot) to enjoy fountains. Pretty cool to dine by 250 ft wall of water!- one drawback: seating is very cramped, and it's really loud. Reminds me of NYC restaurants, but in LV a bit more space is expected.
5	My friends had a morning flight out of vegas and I had an early evening flight, so I decided to enjoy a top rated meal experience with part of my time in the afternoon (I had to depart too soon to have dinner). I looked at the reviews and decided to start with the Beef Carpacchio appetizer and was debating what to try for an entree. However, the waiter suggested that the appetizer would be a meal in itself. He was definitely right. The bread bowl includes some great custom home-made breads and some signature olives and olive dips which is filling in itself. The Beef Carpacchio came on an entree size plate and includes a lot of very thin sliced high quality rare beef with a mix of cheeses, greens, buttery bread/cake, etc. It was delicious and by the time I was finished I was full. In the end I believe I got out for around $30 with an excellent and very filling lunch at a celebrity chef restaurant. Another great thing about this place is that they are open for lunch and most of the afternoon, unlike a lot of the other places which are dinner only or close most of the afternoon. I look forward to going back with a larger group of people and splitting more appetizers and trying at least one entree. Also, some of my friends had gone here earlier when I was at another great place, and they got patio seating for the Bellagio fountain show, which is apparently a great experience.
5	Prob my fave place to brunch/lunch on the strip. Between 5 girls and 3 bottles of Cakebread's buttery chard, we shared several items which the waiter recommended:-Beef Carpaccio-Tuna tartare-Lobster bolognese-Rib eye w. a red wine reduction-Fig and prosciutto flatbreadwe also got a couple items incl this smoked salmon dish (my fave, forgot name) and bread basket with Tapenade (best Tapenade ever).Yumsicles - hope to visit again soon.
4	Ate here last week for dinner while on a quick trip to Vegas.  Overall, it was pretty good.  We started with the Crispy Tempura Prawns, which were quite tasty with the avocado cream.  I had the Butternut Squash Tortelli, which was delicious (although I was hoping for some textural contrast with the amaretti cookies), and my husband had the Dry-Aged Ribeye.  It was also very good, but under his medium-rare order slightly.The service was a little slow, but it was quite loud and busy the night we were there.  My only complaint would be the seating.  When I made the reservation, I had specifically requested seating on the patio.  When we arrived 15 minutes prior to our reservation, and were told it would be at least an hour before a table on the patio would be available.  That said, we will still return next time we're in town.
4	This is where my wife and I ate following our wedding!  We chose it because of its special location overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  This will be a restaurant I will return to every time I go to Vegas because of nostalgia.  Notice that I didn't give it 5 stars though.  Here is why- Our waiter was very inattentive.  After we were done with our meal, it took a long time and some flagging down to get our check.  Also, when I looked at our credit card bill later on, mysteriously our waiter was given $3 more tip than we had written on our receipt.  I am currently dealing with the credit card company with this issue.  Also, our reservation was at 10pm.  We had written as a note on the reservation that it was going to be our wedding dinner and requested a seat on the patio.  Unfortunately, they didn't have a seat for us when we arrived.  We had to wait about 30 minutes for a seat on the patio- Not the biggest deal since the seat we did get was right on the railing!The food was great! Food--- Dinner came with some great foccacia bread with olive spread- too bad we don't like olives.  Major Faux pas when I asked for butter!  We ordered the fig and prosciutto pizza for appetizer.  So unique!  Amazing!  For dinner we ordered 2 different pastas... A butternut squash tortellini and ricotta ravioli.  Both were great, but the tortellini was amazing!!!!!!  Oh, and did I mention the fountains.  Magical...
5	It has been about a month since I ate at this restaurant but what a treat!  The service was great, we ate at the bar and the bartender was very helpful in stearing us in the direction of what we would enjoy the most.  He was very forthcoming with what was good and what was not so great.  I had good ol' steak and potatoes and it was made in a way that I had never experienced before but oh so good.  The Tuna Tar Tar was also exceptional.   The menu is varied and interesting I would recomend to anyone.
5	So tasty topped off with fantastic service.  Arrive ahead of your reservation and ask to be seated on the balcony. The view can't be beat.
5	Olives is an amazing restaurant! The restaurant is so sexy and the food is out of this world. Came here with my family after we had been hiking at Red Rock all day, so we were definitely ready to eat some seriously good food. And I'm glad I was hungry when we arrived there so that I could finish my food. I ordered a cosmo for my cocktail; it was the best cosmo I've ever had. I know it's not a complicated drink, but some how hey managed to take it to the next level.We ordered the portobello flatbread...so delicious with fontina and truffle oil. Yummmm. I ordered the seabass for my entree...amazing. That's all i can come up with to describe it. Melted in my mouth.We had great service, and everything we ordered was outstanding. This is a place you take someone you are really trying to impress. It's definitely really pricey though (it's vegas after all) so be ready to drop some dough here.I have yet to find a restaurant on the strip that tops Olives.
3	I dropped in here and sat at the bar for a quick bite to eat and a drink. Being completely transparent, all I have base my experience off of was a plate of fried calamari and a bloody mary.The calamari was 4-star status. The portion was fair for the price, and tasty as all get-out. It was fried perfectly - crispy, tender, and not greasy.The bloody mary was only 2-star status, and so was the sevice. When I ordered the bloody mary, I asked for no rim. The guy gave me a look and said, "We don't put anything on our bloody marys". Well sorrryyyy. And they weren't kidding. No rim, no celery, nor lime. Just a green olive.Looking at other people's plates, the food looked really good and they all looked happy. Alas, I can only rate based on my experience. Mediocre service +  meh bloody mary + awesome calamari = 3 stars.
5	New Favorite Lunch spot in Vegas! The service is friendly and the views gorgeous if you get the right table. The start you off with a bevy of breads and crackers with their tapenades...oh so good.The BEST Carpaccio I've never had. It is $18, but you get a ton of meat and the dish could certainly stand alone as a meal. For our mains, we had the flatbreads. One was a fig and prosciutto and the other the Italian, with all the staples and grilled perfectly. The size was decent as well and we had leftovers to take.On a Sunday, it was not hard to get a table and one with a view to boot. Highly recommend this place!
5	When my good friend suggested lunch here when we were both working Saturdays, I jumped at the chance.  Olives had a summer tasting menu which ended on July 30th and we just made the cut.  Before I even tell you how great the food was, what a freaking value!! For $30, you got a 3 course lunch.First Course:choice of grilled vegetable gazpachoorEggplant tartSecond Course:Choice of rock cod po' boyprime sirloinorherb roasted chicken with fettucine pastaThird Course:Carrot Cake!My friend had the soup and chicken.  She was kind enough to give me a bite and the chicken was awesome and I don't even really like fettucine.  I had the eggplant tart, which I shared and we both agreed that it was awesome.  The eggplant was breaded and fried and had the consistency of chicken tenders on a flatbread pizza.  Served with arugula.  Yeah, it sounds weird, but it was really really good.  My entree was the sirloin and I loved every bite.Another bonus, this place has a great view and a lovely patio.  We thought about sitting outside but sweating my balls off makes it a little hard to enjoy lunch, so we passed.  Would definitely like to come here when the weather cools.  Plus, unlike some of the places in the Bellagio, this place regularly switches up its menu.The carrot cake was good, standard carrot cake, but by this point, I was a stuffed sausage and could not do damage to the cake.
5	I LOVE this restaurant.  I always visit it when I'm in town.  The Hostess is always fantastic and very accomodating.  I love the elegance of this restaurant, the seating on the patio, the views of the incredible fountains,  very romantic, the menu is divine.  (Love the free range chicken.)  This is definitely one of my absolute favorite restaurants in Vegas.  Ciao Bellas!
4	Where else can you watch Bellagio's water show and chow down on the best beef carpaccio ever!?  Grab a seat close to the window and let your eyes and tongue feast!  Expect to spend mucho grande $$$$ though, but hey you're in Vegas.  Try the mushroom pasta.  The flavor is rich and it'll def fill you up.
4	I love a room with a view, and at this restaurant, the terrace juts out into the lake at Bellagio!  Even though it was 105 degrees, we braved the terrace tables because they have little misters.  We got a table right by the railing, and watched the light on the lake.  Delicious black and green olive tapenade arrived with olives and a tasty assortment of bread and parmesan flatbread!  We gobbled it up and while our drinks were quiclky prepared.  My peach iced tea was refreshing, and my beau got a lemonade.  For lunch we savored a deconstructed shrimp salad, with delicous tangy dressing, and a tender chicken breast and cheese sandwich, accompanied by some fried dill pickle slices, odd, but somehow just the right thing for the side dish!Wonderful, witty service.  I had actually forgotten this restaurant, and this was a repeat of a pleasant lunch about three years ago.  I can't wait to go back for dinner!
1	I hardly write 1 starrrrers but I'm writing merely for the food on this one and not the terrace view.  Saturday night, last minute decision to head down stairs and go to olives.  Sat us right away - GREAT!   Server was nice - Great!   The quintessential Olives and awesome bread - Great!  Wine list, okay I understand mark up for most restaurants to be in the 4-5x range what you'd normally pay at your local wino store but how dare you Todd English try to gouge me 8x for a Mondavi Private Reserve 2008 for $163.  I don't care if I'm eating inside a fake replica of beautiful lake country in Northern Italy - absurd.   Food: Squid and Octopus - half cold, half warm, thinking it was a mistake sent back and thrown up on the warmer and 5 minutes it was sent out to us. Short Ribs - bland as H E double hockey sticks, another semi-warm dish that really lacked flavor. Ribeye au Gratin - sucked, so much Gratin gotten, that the ribeye underneath was drowning.   Having been to the Charlestown location, I'm quite disturbed by how bad the Vegas version is.  I think I paid probably 40% more in Vegas for 80% worse food and 60% less wine.  WT F bomb Olives?  $200 bones for that?  Will never go back
5	Service wasn't as great as I expect from such upscale dining. The waiter gave our  group of 6 grief about splitting checks, we were all on business and thus needed separate checks for accounting purposes. The food however was spectacular. I don't even like olives but the bread with the dip that came out was just short of amazing.
5	Oh my goodness, where to begin.  We arrived plenty early before our reservation and got a seat on the patio, with a perfect view of the fountains.  Our waitress was absolutely fabulous.  Thank you, Michelle, if you are out there!  She was so personable, helpful, and very funny.  The beef carpaccio was amazing, but the thing that really stood out was how much there was!  Most places will charge you $20 for a few strips of beef - the plate was piled high, and it could have been an entree by itself.  And the osso bucco was perhaps the best dish I've ever had (and that's saying something!)
5	The experience was not perfect, but the good parts were so mother freakin' good that it toned down the not so great parts.My sister and I, with our spouses, came to dinner here to celebrate our mom's 85th birthday with our "almost dad". (step dad who is really our dad now.)The restaurant is pretty and overlooks the Bellagio fountains - awesome!Waitstaff were very nice.  The cocktail special was sublime.  I wish I had ordered it - fruit juices with vanilla infused vodka.  Heaven. Truly.  They brought us white chocolate and walnut foccacia with walnuts, flat bread and some other delicious homemade buttery bread with bowls of mixed olives and two kinds of olive tapanade.   This sent my husband and I directly to the moon, do not pass go, do not collect $200.   He had to bring the manager over to tell her that this, so far, was the best meal he had ever had in Vegas - and we were only on cocktails and bread.  Once actual eating commenced, things were a bit spottier.  For salads, we all stuck with Ceasar salads.  Pretty good, but WAY too pricey.  No simple green salad should be $17, especially when you have to leave the restaurant and cross the casino plaza to use a public bathroom.  Totally kills whatever elegance you were going for when there is a changing table and public bathroom stuff around you and you are tottering around on your best, most elegant heels, trying hard to be cool. Pasta and appetizers included:  Unbelievable little bay scallops in a whiskey cream sauce.   So so so so so so good.  But rich.  Super rich.  Fried prawns - excellent!!   Osso Busso pasta - ummmm.   Savory and meaty and rich.  Pasta was fresh and perfect.  Butternut squash Tortelli - beautiful flavor of fresh sweet squash in perfect pasta.  Sauce was a mite sweet, but perfect as a shared first course.   Goat cheese balls - good, but not nearly as successful. It was really a shrimp dish.  Lots of shrimp, few pasta balls filled with goat cheese.  Disappointing.  For a $38 pasta course, it should have been a --- well, a pasta course.  Honestly, I would have taken most of the shrimp out of it, doubled the pasta and cut the price in half.  Main courses - Best was the scallops.  Perfectly cooked on rounds of english pea polenta with swirls of beets.  Beautiful and delicious.  If you like scallops, you should look no further.  Someone ordered the pork chop.  He, actually a picky eater, devoured it instantly and practically licked the plate.  He proclaimed it wonderful and I believe him.I was the only loser.  I had the striped bass.  The fish tasted funny and it was overcooked.   The funny taste might have been simply the true taste of the fish and I suspect it was no fault of the cook.  But it tasted foul.  I also really hate overcooked fish.  I understand they were really trying to get that skin crispy, and it was.  So - my dinner was really fish skin and broccollini.   Oh, there was a rather ho-hum risotto under the fish.  It was kind of good, but only ok.   Luckily, I was so stuffed from eating from everyone else's plate, it really did not matter at all.  All in all, it was a wonderful experience and I heartily recommend visiting.  (Just don't order the striped bass).
5	Excellent!  My husband and I went here for my birthday lunch, based on a friend's recommendation.Definitely get a seat outside just so you can watch the fountains.  We had a reservation and only had to wait a few minutes for a table outside.We started with cocktails. The white sangria is excellent, my husband liked his dark and stormy as well.    We received complimentary bread, olives, and tapenade, and we could have made a meal out of that alone.  We got the pepperonata flatbread as a starter, I got mushroom pasta as an entree and it was AMAZING.The service was fine, no complaints.The food was excellent, the scenery amazing, and I am looking forward to going back on my next trip to Vegas!
4	So I was tottering between three and four stars, so I'll just make a list. But, I'll go ahead and run with four since it was my birthday dinner, and all in all it turned out to be a pretty nice, romantic experience.The Positives: Bread Basket with tapenade. The bread basket was amazing. I'm not a huge fan of olives (I know, I know...I'm eating at a restaurant called 'Olives.' I get the irony people.) but the green tapenade was actually pretty delish.GREAT wine suggestion from the waiter - and great waiter. I only wish I could remember what the heck that wine was. We ordered a bottle, and while it was one of the least expensive on the menu, it was totally yummy. Another bonus was that the waiter didn't try and upsell us on some ridiculously marked up version of something I can get at the Kroger for $16. Cheers to you, my friend. Beef Carpacchio...UM holy heaven Hallelujah! This was freaking amazing, and pretty dang big, too, for an appetizer. And speaking of big...Portion sizes. My biggest pet peeve is paying a crapton of money for a tiny amount of food (unless, of course the food is just ridiculously amazing). These plates, including the appetizer, were HUGE. Neither of us finished our entrees and it wasn't for lack of trying. The atmosphere is nice, upscale, but there's definitely not a strict dress code. There were people dressed up, but I also spotted a fanny pack or two. But hey, it's Vegas...just kind of have to go with the tourist-y flow there. The Neutral:I was super excited about the Lobster Bolognese (sp?) but it turned out to be a little too rich for my taste buds. Plus, the giant lobster tail that topped it was a tiny bit tough...I mean, it's hard to complain about lobster tail but I guess I was just expecting a wee bit more. The actual handmade pasta was pretty damn amazing though.The bf ordered the duck special (some sort of duck ravioli maybe?), he enjoyed it but didn't rave about it. I had a bite or two, and while I'm used to duck being a gamier-type meat, this seemed pretty greasy, even for duck. He still ate it though, of course.The Bad: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I get they don't take reservations for the patio. I'm sure it's probably logistically impossible. But seeing as we called MONTHS in advance to make our reservations on the reco of a friend of ours, made our reservations for extremely early in the evening (either 6 or 6:15, I can't remember) and THEN called earlier in the day to see if there anything they could do...I don't know. I'm sure they can't make everyone happy, it just would have been nice, considering it was not only our first time in Vegas, but the patio was the only reason we made my birthday reservation there. Blah blah blah. I know, I'm probably just being a brat.The tables inside are a bit close together, at least where we sat. In all honesty it didn't really bother me personally, but you could definitely hear other tables conversations...and they could hear ours, so much so that they wished me a happy birthday and doted on the fact that my boyfriend bought me a kindle and how much they loved theirs. It was very sweet, of course, but if we'd gotten sat next to annoying or not nice people, the experience may have been different. Just something to keep in mind.The hostess was a little bit of a cold fish. But hey, everyone can't be having a great day all the time. I know it seems like a lot of neutrals/negatives, but I have to reiterate that the whole experience really turned out fun and romantic, and a great place to celebrate a birthday. So...yay to Olives.
4	I really liked this place. The decor was warm and inviting. I had the  Butternut Squash Tortellini which was very good, but it did get too sweet so I would get a side order that is salty. Then we had the fish and chip which was cooked perfectly, but it was pretty standard. I would totally come back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This place is amazing. I'll admit, anytime I go for Italian food, I generally try the ravioli. The bar has been set very high after dining at Olives. The cheese was smooth and creamy, which is a switch from most ricotta. The sauce was amazing and chunky. It tasted as close to fresh tomatoes as you can get. I had a pear martini before dinner and it was excellent.Although very expensive, I highly recommend eating here if you get the chance.
5	If you ever want to eat somewhere with delicious food and have stunning views of the water show at the Bellagio, this is the place to be! Olive's had incredible service and appetizing food! My boyfriend and I had our Anniversary dinner here and let me just say, it is one that I'll never forget. A few tips:Make reservations and if you don't mind eating a early dinner, make it for 5, that's when dinner starts. You'll for sure get a good window seat or patio seat.Order a drink, a nice dinner is not complete without a tasty drink. We ordered bellinis and they were perfect.Don't eat too much bread because the portions are pretty decent. From experience, It was pretty hard for me to stop snacking on the bread and olives. But you want room for their mouthwatering entrees! I had the ricotta raviolis with italian sausage and my boyfriend had the goat cheese dumplings with shrimp, this was mainly where my 5 star rating came from. The food was amazingly delectable!!!!!!!
2	I really wanted to love this place and was looking forward to it.  The food was ok, but not memorable,  Roasted beet salad was good but not amazing.  The peppercorn crusted beef tenderloin was cooked perfectly but everything else on the plate was meh.  The ribeye au gratin was not good.  The desserts saved the whole thing - Chocolate collapsing cake and the strawberry shortcake.  Nothing could excuse the coffee however....brown hot water - nasty.  The view was nice and the waitstaff was excellent.  The food was completely disappointing.
4	Great location, great view of the Bellagio Fountain Show from the patio, delicious food, fantastic service, and great spot to treat yourself or celebrate special occasions.Came to Todd English's Olives for the first time during the 2011 Restaurant Week. The regular menu looks fantastic, and it has a solid reputation, so selecting Olives to try for their RW dinner menu was not a difficult decision.  The restaurant was busy, even though we are supposedly in an economic slump. So I was glad that we made a reservation two days earlier.As far as RW2011's Dinner menu these are my thoughts:First Course:I ordered the Crispy Pork Lollipops with Sweet Corn Raita and Calvados Demi Glaze.  It is basically pork ribs that are cooked until it is crispy, and unfortunately dry.  The best part of this dish is the Sweet Corn Raita.  I am glad I tried it, but would recommend the Shrimp Scampi Tart that my friends ordered instead.The Shrimp Scampi Tart served with Fontina Cheese, Caramelized Onions, Red Bliss Potatoes, Sweet 100 Tomatoes, Garlic Butter Sauce and Sexy Scallions (yes, not just your plain old scallions but SEXY Scallions).  It is basically a mini-flat bread served on a bed of fancy salads.  The portion was relatively and was served on a wooden pizza peel.  **Highly recommend this if you opt for the RW Dinner Menu.**Second Course:All of them are great!  But if I have to rank them it would be as follows:1) Pan Seared Yellowtail Snapper; Cilantro Lime Risotto, Sauteed Red Belgian Endive, Brown Butter Emulsion.  Why? Because the fish was cooked perfectly, had great flavor and the the skin is nice and crispy while the rest of the fish was still moist.  And of the three entree options, is the healthiest and tastiest selection.  5/52) Braised Short Rib Lasagna; Horseradish Crema, Imported Brie, Fried Spinach, Toasted Crumbs.  Perfect for someone that loves a properly slow braised short rib, because they are very generous with it. And if you are expecting a medallion size portion, you will truly be surprised by the Claim Jumper portion that they serve you.  Big enough to share with your friends or hoard it all for yourself.  4/53) Grilled Prime Sirloin; Creme Fraiche Whipped Potatoes, Spicy Cauliflower and Green Harissa.  It is a good steak, but with so many restaurants serving fantastic steaks up and down the Strip, it wasn't a real standout or particularly memorable compared to the other two. (This was the one I ended up ordering btw).  3.5/5Third Course:Choice of Vanilla Semifreddo,with Marble Cake, Chocolate Sauce, Fresh Strawberries.  OR Banana Delight; Chocolate Fudge Cake, Banana Ice Cream, and Caramel Dipped Banana.  We all ended up ordering the Banana Delight, which was a pretty good dessert.  Service was good, no complaints what so ever.  4.5/5Ambiance:  upscale,dim lighting (great for romantic dinners, bad for taking food pictures), comfortable seats, great view of the Bellagio Fountains. 4.5/5Food:  4/5  Food and its presentation were both good.Value:  5/5 RW Prix Fixe - awesome value for the meal and a portion goes to a worthy cause!Location:  5/5  Call in advance and reserve patio seating for front row view of the hourly Bellagio Fountain Show.Solid 4 sexy stars!
4	One of my longtime girlfriends generously treated me to lunch at Olives during our Vegas getaway. The restaurant was comfy, spacious and very posh. An enormous bread basket kicked off our meal. It came with two types of olive tapenade and some oil-soaked olives. Very schmancy. For lunch, my friend had the scallops which were fantastic, while I had a Caesar salad with ahi tuna which was light enough for lunch but filling enough for someone who was out boozing until all hours the night before. Although we chose to sit indoors, the balcony tables had the advantage of misters and a stellar view of the Bellagio fountains. The Stone Cold Fox also known as Todd English wasn't on the line, but I happily daydreamed about him waltzing through the dining room to greet us nonetheless.
4	Ate here last night.  It was quite crowded but we got seat at the bar and had dinner there.   Great service at the bar!Drinks were fantastic--and they have quite a variety of mixed drinks, wine, etc.We had a special menu set up forRrestaurant Week that included three courses for $51.  Appetizer was pork ribs with sweet glaze over corn relish.  Pork was a bit dry, but tasty.Main course was steak with cauliflour and mashed potatoes.  Good comfort food.  Nothing outstanding.Dessert was chocolate cake with ice cream and glazed bananas.  Quite good.Overall great service, great drinks, good food.
4	Great food. Horrible music ruined patio experience
2	My wife and 2 of our friends ate here on 9/19/11, the last night of our Vegas vacay.  We had patio seating, and while the view of the water show was great, the food was a huge disappointment.  We started with the calamari and mushroom flatbread.  Came out promptly and tasted good but both could've used a little less salt.  My wife and one of our friends had with the butternut squash tortelli.  Neither tasted good (sauce seemed to taste of beef stock) and both were sent back.  I had the short ribs which were extremely dry and tough as if they had been sitting in the window for a while (which they likely did considering it took our entrees close to an hour to come out).  The fourth member of our group was the only one happy with his entree.  He ordered the steak special, which according to him and his wife was great.  Overall an extremely disappointing meal...at least the view was good and our server took both tortelli's off the bill.  Will not be back on our next Vegas vacay.
4	Outstanding Mediterranean inspired cuisine in a comfortable, contemporary setting.For starters, the carpaccio, is delicious.  It's different.  It's not about the beef but rather all the ingredients creating a more substantial dish.  The garlic aioli, balsamic reduction and Parmesan cheese go so well together and their combined earthiness accentuates the sweet, raw beef flavor.  The Kobe beef tartare is also excellent though not traditional.  Flat breads are all excellent.  The thin, crispy, and slightly blackened bread is the perfect foil to any topping.  The fig and prosciutto; wow!  Mushroom lovers should not pass up the Portobello flat bread.  Really well cooked without all the liquid that usually makes any mushroom flat bread soggy.Pastas, especially stuffed pastas, are excellent.  The goat cheese "dumplings" pair perfectly with a tomato ragu and pesto.  The butternut squash tortelli, the perfect dish for the fall, is absolutely delicious in its simple brown butter sauce with texture from crushed amaretto cookies.For all my visits, I have never made it to any of the mains.  It is just to hard to skip the starters, flat breads, and pastas.Service is excellent.The wines by the glass selection is limited but very well chosen.  The overall wine selection is very good with many reasonably priced, simple wines that match the cuisine well.Recommended.
4	We decided to try a fancy restaurant this Vegas trip. Olives was our pick. The atmosphere upon arrival is very classy and romantic. They offer outside seating that over looks the Bellagio fountains. The wait for outside was an hour more than our reservation, so we stuck with our inside table. Our table had a decent view of the fountains.The service here was awesome! Our server Ralph was very knowledgeable and eager to help. The wine guy (not sure of his official title) Adam was awesome too. I remembered having an awesome glass of wine at the bellagio previously and he was so helpful in finding it for us!  We started with the polenta and it was quite good. I decided to splurge and order the rib eye steak special, which was $50!! Others in my party ordered the goat cheese raviolis and the beef tenderloin. I wasn't blown away with my choice. I was hoping for the price tag I'd devour my meal. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case. My other friend that ordered the beef wasn't uber impressed either. The raviolis were awesome though. After lots of food and two bottles of the most fabulous wine, we passed on dessert. The dessert menu was hard to pass up, but there was simply no room left in my belly! I would give this place a 2nd chance for sure, the overall experience was awesome. A must for a special occasion or romantic dinner!
2	No bueno. Esp in Vegas I've had better.
3	If I wrote this review  two or three years ago I would've given Olives a 5 star rating, I simply think its not as good as it used to be. I'm a big fan of Todd English's cooking and Olives in Las Vegas has always been a favorite as mine, so much that I had to try it in NYC went I went over there for a shjort visit. The Carpaccio, Scallops, and steak were all favorites of mine (even thought the steak was better than PRIME at one point). However at one particular visit, I thought it wasn't as good, but still being one of my favorites I decided to go again, but still thought it was decent but nothing special. I have still gone back for lunch and would keep it that way from now on.
2	Disappointing to say the least. As a vegetarian, I had some seriously limited options. Chose the butternut squash ravioli, and could barely eat it. It was so sweet it tasted like dessert, not an entree. And the congealed, obviously-sat-under-a-heatlamp sauce was completely unappetizing.The servers appeared fussy but were actually rather inattentive. For the name, price and location, I expected a LOT more.
5	Wait for the Patio, it's beyond worth it.Pray to the Food Gods that Olives assigns you to Ralph's section.  He is very knowledgeable about the menu and will let you take as long as you need to make the right choices.Beef Carpaccio is one of the best appetizers I've ever put in my mouth.The Peppercorn Crusted Beef Tenderloin was splendid.The ambiance is stellar and the Bellagio fountains are amazing at night.Notice to vegetarians: Not many options for you on this menu, you may want to look elsewhere.
4	Came here after a corporate tour of the Bellagio...try to sit at the chef's table!SERVICE: Service was excellent, but you really can't expect much else from Bellagio. Everyone was attentive and had great suggestions on what to order.FOOD: I personally ordered grapefruit juice and the mushroom flatbread pizza. I know that it's almost impossible to do pizza wrong, but they did it SO well! The crust was toasted to perfection, and the chef was definitely not skimpy with mushrooms. *drools*Will definitely come back again next time I'm in vegas!
4	Had an amazing dinner here, the restaurant has a nice decor, service was awesome! Best part is at the patio seating where u get to view the Bellagio fountains but they don't take reservations for the patio so be prepared to wait. I ordered the Swordfish entree which was just amazing. My wife ordered the Butternut Squash Tortelli which was very good, the filling is quite sweet though. The portions were huge so we had no room left for dessert. Its pricey but hey you're at the Bellagio, in my opinion...it was well worth it.
4	Olives may not be in the top ten for elegant decor anymore, but it's still worth the trip.  Tables are spaced widely enough you only hear the conversation of your loudest neighbor.  Service is quick and efficient -- maybe a little too much so.  Nice view of the fountains even from inside and the food is great.  We both had the lobster Bolognese, rich, creamy with just a little tomato and a hint of oregano, and plenty of lobster.  One complaint-- no matter what they tell you when you make your reservation you have to be in the restaurant to get on the waiting list for seating on the patio overlooking the fountains.  The wait was 90 minutes when we got there so we reluctantly sat inside on a beautiful, almost tropical October evening.
2	Decor is nice. The food looks nice but it was only ok. Our waitress was unhappy but she did switch an order for us when the goat cheese dumplings tasted like a Marie calendars tv dinner. I had the scallops with an unimpressive salty sauce. The table is too Small for anything so you have a big clutter of things in front of you. The prices are too high. This place is in between all your Chanel and armani stores so it's great for tourists who don't know much about food but came to spend money. I would not come here again it was only ok. The hostess in the front had a snobby demeanor she could of fooled me and made me think we were going into a Michelin star restaurant. Quite the contrary...
4	The restaurant is located at the Bellagio so ask for a table near the windows and you'll get to watch the fountain show while you eat.
4	This has always been a favorite while in Vegas.  The food is always quality and their prices are appropriate for the value received.  Service is lovely and the ambiance is delightful.
4	Service was amazing, food was divine, ambiance was welcoming and refined, but not standoffish.The bread and tapenade was heavenly! I LOVE olives. My mouth waters just thinking about their tapenade! We got the fig and prosciutto flatbread pizza as an appetizer. I am obsessed with the sweet/salty crispy/gooey creamy/acidic balance that this offered. It was perfect! The best part was trying to get the perfect bite and succeeding every time because all the ingredients were portioned and spread out so perfectly. So well thought out. I definitely appreciated this.We got the lunch special fried scallops and Hawaiian seared ahi tuna, both equally delicious and very well balanced. Not too heavy, not too light. Just right. To top it off, Olives offers a service tab so you can bill your check to your room regardless of which hotel you're staying at. Awesome! All charged up to go shopping :D!
5	Well worth the wait! We waited about 1.5 hours to be seated outside on a weekday but we planned well and got their 2 hours before getting deathly hungry. :) Thanks yelpers for the heads up! Now onward to the awesomeness of finally being able to eat behind the Bellagio fountains. It is just that, it's awesome and it tastes good. We got the Beef Carpacchio and the aged rib eye. Both were fantastic. The breads were good, the olives were amazing, and the waiter was so-so. He forgot my Iced Tea like 3 times. It's all good though.
4	So glad I read these reviews and had the beef carpaccio - it was delicious and the presentation was beautiful!  We had a reservation and were seated after a 5 minute wait.  The waitstaff was friendly and helpful.
5	Had a wonderful dinner last night. Sea Bass was the best I have ever had!!!!! Drinks were amazing too. Beautiful decor as well.
3	Truffle burger is LEGIT. Great view of the fountains too. Went here during lunch, wasnt too crowded. Worth a stop if you're in the hotel and get hungry
4	Great bar... Ask for ChrisNice wine and you can eat at the bar, which can be hard to find in Vegas.Wine selection was nice and the food was remarkable as expected.Enjoy a great time there.
4	Ambiance was amazing. It was busy so service was good, but not wonderful. I tried the Tiffany cocktail. Being located VERY near Tiffany and Co? I had expectations. They met:) the bread was out of this world. The butternut squash tortellini that I ordered was impeccable!
3	Flatbreads here between 2 people, and 2 Salads maybe best lunch in Vegas.Chicken Skewer=awesomeBeef Skewer=tuff/blandMuffaletta Flatbread=wowSalads=great but so overdressed!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3	3 1/2 stars.I'm a bit torn about this place.  My expectations were pretty high going because of friends who raved about it.  My experience ended up being a bit of a mixed bag.I was meeting some friends in Vegas who wanted to have lunch, and I left it up to them to pick a place with the condition that me wearing a t-shirt would be acceptable (since I was coming straight from an event and wouldn't have time to change).  I felt a bit uncomfortable and wished I brought something to put over my bright yellow t-shirt.  I also felt some of the workers, particularly the hostess, were a bit pretentious.  I tried to make conversation and didn't get much of a response in return.  Our server, while not exceptional, was nice and friendly.  Other workers like the food server and person filling our drinks were okay, but I expected more from a place like this.As for the food, everything was at least good, but in some cases, not as good as I would have expected.  The fig & prosciutto flatbread was most excellent!  The bread and tapenade were good too.  The Todd's Caesar with anchovies was pretty good, but I didn't feel it was anything that special - it seemed a bit underseasoned.  I had the sirloin with whipped potatoes which was cooked to my liking and was pretty good, but again, nothing special.  I wished I ordered what one of my trusted friends recommended, the butternut squash tortellini.  Overall, it was an "okay" experience.  Not bad, but nothing that "wowed" me.  I'll give it another shot if the opportunity presents itself again.
4	love the location!like the service.like the foods.  taste fresh and flavored just right.like the large serving portion.definitely a place to come back again...
5	Olives is one of my favorite restaurants for dining outside.  I love it!  We visited several weeks ago while gambling and shopping at the Bellagio.  Luckily, it was a week day, and we were able to sit on the patio without a reservation.  I enjoyed the special flatbread of the day-escargot and goat cheese.  Blissful!  I love, love, love the olives, spreads, and breads that they serve before the meal.  Wish I could transport myself to the patio right now for another stunning meal!
5	Had an amazing meal at Olive's last night. I usually stop at the bar for a drink when in town and always enjoy the vibe, so decided to try the full Olive's experience this time. We were fortunate to get a table on the terrace and watched the watershow throughout the meal. Patrick the server and Tammie the sommelier were attentive and fun. Exceptional service. Highly recommend the portobello flatbread, the carpaccio and the butternut squash ravioli. The wild boar papardelle pasta special was superb too. Jordan Chardonnay and Cabernet were featured wines that night and paired well with everything we ordered. Looking forward to going back.
4	The place was jammed packed for lunch, Barack Obama was in the house. Yeah he was at the Bellagio for a fund raiser. We had been looking forward to trying Olives for quite some time. We decided to share a few appetizers, and ordered the following:Todd's ceasar's salad, just OK after the Whisk n Ladle  ceasar in La Jolla.Grilled squid and octopus, pretty tasty with chickpeas. Meatball and eggplant flatbread, we thought it was a dish not a flatbread but was tasty.Fig and prosciutto flatbread excellent.Portabella flatbread with mushroom, truffle oil, fontina cheese, red onion. That was quite tasty.I 'm hoping the next time I go to Vegas I'll have dinner at olives, maybe just a light dinner so I can still eat somewhere else. Cant help it I'm a porker.
1	This place is a disaster!  The prices do not reflect the poor quality of the food.  I ordered the rib eye steak and it was ultra thin, gritty, and overcooked and it was topped with a sauce that did not complement the rest of the meal.  The steak was no better than what you would receive at Denny's at 2 AM in the morning.  This place is way over priced and the food flat out sucks.  Todd English needs to re-evaluate the direction of Olives.  I felt this way the first time around and I didn't say anything, but after my second visit to the restaurant I couldn't let my disappointment in the cuisine slide.  The public needs to know that this restaurant is a rip off.   If you want good food go to BOAS or the Stratosphere.
5	I come here every time I come to Vegas.  Their food is good, but the atmosphere is what makes it.  The Bellagio Fountains are my absolute favorite thing in Vegas, so I make a reservation for the patio every time.  They turn the music off on the patio for each and every fountain show and the atmosphere is just magical.  Moral of the story: come to sit on the patio (wait if you have to) and be amazed!
5	This is mine and my bf's go to place for a romantic date night. It's so nice being able to sit on the patio and watch the Bellagio fountains a couple of times throughout your meal. Everything I've had to eat here has not disappointed. They start you out with olives (not really my thing but they look good) and seriously THE BEST bread basket in the history of bread baskets. I know my carbs and the white chocolate rolls are on the top of my list. I ordered halibut with a shrimp risotto on top and my bf got a steak. Both came out and we absolutely loved them. We were too full for dessert, but the waiter was kind enough to wrap some more rolls up for me to take home. The service, atmosphere, and food will surely not disappoint!
3	Bibbe salad very vinegary Short rib pasta dish not what I expected.... For a meal that ran us over 1400 dollars I expected much more.
3	Olives is an ok middle of the road restaurant. Is was not as classy or as great of food as we had hoped. Restaurant is smallish and hot when crowded. Our party had flatbread, which was good. Chicken which was moist and smelled great, and ravioli was very good. We had expected more of an Italian restaurant. Service was ok but not quick. A nice place to dine.
4	Great steak. Ask to sit on the patio so you can watch the fountains during dinner. Michelle was awesome, we will ask for her on our next visit
4	I love coming here and sitting outside with an iced tea in my hand watching the fountains dance to the music.  So romantic and relaxing.The food here is a bit pricy but worth it.  I've had the soft shell sandwich here, OMG!!!  I was in heaven.  The crab was crispy with a lot of crab taste.  MMMMThe service is average.  Come for the ambiance.  You can't get a better view of the Fountains than here!!
2	I was quite unimpressed with the fare. For over 30$ a plate, i expected more than breaded fish sticks when i ordered halibut cheek. I expected my daughter's spinach not to make my gag reflex twitch with memories of frozen spinach mush from my youth. I also wanted some good olives, and although the bread was top notch, as was the olive tepenade, the actual olives tasted worse than the ones i buy from Trader Joes.  At least the service was decent if unenthusiastic. Seems like some servers think because i do not drink i don't know how to tip. Too bad for them.
4	We came here for dinner and ordered the carpaccio, muffaletta flatbread, seared scallops, and the braised boar pappardelle. This was quite a bit of food for a nice restaurant. We probably could have left out one of the items. The carpaccio was tasty and came draped over a pile of salad and a polenta cake. As everyone says, the portion size is quite large. The muffaletta flatbread, again good size, was topped with a salad that helped cut the saltiness of the shaved meats. The scallops (we got 4 large scallops) were a bit inconsistent - 2 were over salted, and the other 2 were perfect. Who knows what happened there. The papardelle was good, but I wish the dish had been a bit meatier (mixing in the red wine sauce that came on the side made it more flavorful). Our server was very familiar with the menu and caught a mistake on one of our plates (no salad atop the flatbread) as he was about the serve it. He was also very attentive despite having a full section.Oh, and the cocktails that we got were pretty strong. Overall, a pretty good meal.
5	Sooo yummy! We got the spicy chicken flatbread for an appitizer and I got the butternut squash tortallini....it was amazing! I definitely recommend it. My dad got the lobster pasta dish and said it was fantastic. My brother got the rib eye and said it was very flavorful, but had a little too much marble. Overall a fantastic meal!
5	I love this place! The portions are large, reasonable price (for Vegas). I didn't have a reservation so I opted for the bar where they serve the full menu. Great service! I had the fiery chicken flatbread, It was definitely enough to share... The complimentary bread and tapenade are amazing! This place is a must if you like American/Meditterranean fine dining at a reasonable price.
5	Man this place was great for lunch. The butternut squash tortelli was hands down the best butternut squash pasta type dish I have ever had. It was covered in a browned butter and nutmeg sauce which perfectly balanced the sweetness of the butternut squash center. I hate taking pictures of my food but I'm glad my friends took a picture of it because I swear the tortelli lasted about 3 minutes before I destroyed it and tucked it away forever as my own little secret love prisoner. They infuse their vodka with pineapple and blueberries (not together). I've never seen so many empty martini glasses at a single table. I'm sure my group took care of their supply of pineapple and blueberry infused alcohol for the day.
4	Skip the buffet and came over to Olives... we were seated outside, right by the lake.. OMG, best view ever!! They have this winter pre-fixe menu, so we both ordered that. We got the butternut squash soup, bf got the steak, i got the white fish and both had desserts... for $30 each. WHAT A DEAL!!  Great good with a great view, hell yeah!! Love it
5	Most memorable lunch in Vegas so far !!! Went here for lunch on 12/17/11.. We stayed at the Bellagio and I have to say that all of their restaurants are 5 stars.Todays the weather was spectacular... Sunny, cool in the 60's, blue sky, crisp delicious weather to be outside enjoying the beautiful view of the Vegas strip, Eiffel tower, the Bellagio Lake and its fountains..and that's where we sat.Todd's Olives offers a prefix menu which sounded like a great deal however my husband and I are foodies. We can't  be constricted to a set menu.. The cocktails are impressive, we both had Bellinis wich are prepared with peach puree, Heavenly!  For food we ordered the prosciutto and figs flat bread and the grilled octopus with garbanzo,..this dish is an authentic spanish garbanzo soup with the most tender grilled Octopus, The flat bread is amazing , is made with gorgonzola cheese, bountiful slices of prosciutto , fresh figs grilled, arugula and a drizzle of truffle oil..wow nee I say more?  for main course the chicken and vegetable lasagna and I had the duck confit agnolotti..all I can say is that these dishes were so good that we wiped the plates clean. Unfortunately leaving no room for dessert.. We HIGHLY recommend this restaurant.. and will come back everytime we are in Vegas.
4	As my wife is a vegetarian, and she loves the following dish, we targeted this place based on a review of the Butternut Squash Ravioli in which the reviewer noted "it was the best she's ever had".  It was good, but clearly not the best ever.  The sauce was a classic sage brown butter with a bit more to it than that which we've made at home.  The dish couldn't touch a local Sherman Oaks Il Tiramisu Ristorante: Crispelle di Zucca which is so far the winner as crowned by my wife.That said.  My steak was very good as to be expected, their wine list was quite impressive (and priced correctly) and the place had some views of the water show with hotel Paris in the windows.  The lighting suggests romance, but we were sat at a half booth table in which the booth seat was shared, so intimacy was a bit intruded.  Noise level was medium.  I'd say the place was very good, and really a place to bring a larger group of people and kids would be fine too.  Their seating will accomodate anything.  Value for the money was right on.
2	I really wanted to like this place. I heard so much about it. I also went there for the view of the fountain of course (that part was great). But the food man... my goodness the food! I expected so much more. More flavors and creativeness. It did not impress me at all.
1	I had high hopes for Olives, which were dashed by extremely poor food, horrible service, noise, and high prices.  My fiance and I were promptly seated at our tiny table, even though we were early for our reservation.  The lovely restaurant is dark and candlelit at night. When we arrived, the noise level was manageable, but when we left our ears were ringing.   Our server, Ralph, came to our table promptly to take our drink order.  Ralph was brusque; at no point did I feel welcome.  My Bellini arrived shortly thereafter but was devoid of peach flavor.  Our tuna tartare appetizer looked lovely: the tuna sat atop a a spun cucumber salad (spun?) that was wrapped with strips of cucumber.  Alas, there was no flavor to the dish, possibly due to the absence of the sesame dressing and the whitefish caviar.  The only thing we devoured were the crispy rock shrimp.   We left much of the appetizer on the plate. Then we waited...and waited...and waited.  We snacked on the bread basket that arrived with two olive tapenades and a small dish of olives.  About 25 minutes after our appetizer dishes had been cleared, Ralph returned to ask if I wanted another cocktail - my glass had been empty for some time.  He assured me our entrees would be out shortly.  Five minutes later they appeared, their temperature indicating that they had been sitting under the heat lamp for a while.  The base of my "Duck Two Ways" was pasta, which I could not even see because sauce ran from rim to rim.  Carrot curls (tasteless) and apricot chutney (apricot? really? all I tasted was onion) were piled on top of my duck breast, which was seared on the outside but completely raw, difficult to cut, and impossible to chew.  The entire breast, save one bite, remained on my plate uneaten.  The breast sat on what was described as rilletes made from duck confit.  This was tasty and made a nice accompaniment for the pasta that was buried under all the bland sauce, which occasionally tasted of rosemary.  My fiance had ordered "Roasted Maine Lobster Carbonara."  The overcooked and rubbery lobster was another disappointment.  The pasta had congealed into a solid mass that could be picked up with your fork.  We contemplated sending it all back, but since we had waited more than thirty minutes for it, we went ahead and ate.When my fiance complained about the dishes, the manager came over to make sure we would "not leave hungry."  While I would not have left hungry (I had eaten some of both the appetizer and the entree, and very good bread with olive tapenade), I really don't believe that is the point.  When you pay well over $100 for a dinner, you expect a good meal and a certain level of service.  Olives offered us neither.  My advice is to spend your money elsewhere - Olives is not worth it.
5	One word... Yum!!  We went based on a recommendation from a friend.  We showed up at 5:45 to wait for a patio table, again as recommended.  Have to say our friends have very good taste!   The ambience of the patio is just amazing. You are sitting so close to the Bellagio water show that you can feel a slight mist hitting your face.  Lovely!   The food is superb. We started with beef carpaccio which was a party in my mouth.  For my main entree I ordered the monk fish special.  It was so yummy.  My hubby and I have vowed never to go to Vegas again without making Olives a priority.  Well worth the money.
5	Of all of my dining experiences at Vegas, this one is definitely up there.  This restaurant is located in the heart of The Shops of Bellagio.I had the Sea Scallops and it was simply awesome.  Very nice presentation.  The complimentary bread and olives were very tasty.  The ambiance was dark and classy.  Also, I certainly can't complain about customer service.  I think I discovered my new favorite Vegas spot.  I opted to sit at the bar, but the best spot is on the patio where you can see the water show.  I'd advise, however, that you make reservations because the patio appeared to be packed even for a weekday.  I can't imagine what it would be like on a weekend.
3	If anyplace could be overrated, this would be it.I have no issues with the service.  Our staff did a wonderful job.  There was a group of 12 of us and we were in the semi private room straight back past the bar with a view of the fountains.It was dark though.  Very dark.  And it was loud.  Very loud.I have a rule when I eat out.  Never order any pork chop of any kind.  No matter how good the restaurant, it's always overcooked and dry.However, I was at "Olives" and ordered it anyway.  Yes, it was dry.  I couldn't get over half of it down.The highlight of the meal is the diced olives spread on the bread they provide as part of the meal.  It's EXCELLENT!!!  Next time, i'll order dessert for dinner and just dine on bread and spread.
5	This is my favorite go to spot in Vegas.  The pineapple martini's are to die for, beef carpaccio is always so tender and flavorful and the spicy chicken flat bread is one of my favorites!  Add in the ambiance of the fountains at Bellagio and Olives is a must visit.  Can't wait to go back!
3	Great ambiance, restaurant has a view of the Bellagio fountain but it was too cold to eat outside. Ordered the grilled octopus & squid with chickpeas and the tuna tartare for appetizers, both were blah.  The first was just mostly chickpeas and the second was lacking in flavor, only a hint of sesame oil. These two just didn't do anything for us.Although my short rib lasagna was great, very different from a typical red sauce lasagna and the portion was pretty big. I loved their assorted bread and our waiter was really friendly. They didn't allow us to have a birthday cake since it's "foreign" so that kinda sucked.Overall, okay experience but nothing crazy.
4	Braised wild boar pappardelle was hearty rich and delicious minus two flaws: 1) Cippolini onions were inedible, and 2) some of the pappardelle was stuck together and therefor a little raw in places. Expected more than plain olives for the amuse bouche - at least marinate them. Beautiful decor, especially nice mosaic floor. Service was quick.
3	Okay, I know it's weird that I would give a 3-star for such nice restaurant in vegas locating in Bellagio.  I actually liked the environment because I were seated in the outside patio.  The view was super nice! It's very very pretty at night.  Don't worry about the cold weather because there were heaters outside.  The only sad thing about the night I was there because there was a little rain and it was super windy.  so I guess if you are planning to go, check the weather too!I ordered the following plates:1) Pan cake with Foie Gras steak $25 (again, if you know I'm a big fan of foie gras.  I give a-OK to this one.  It's not that I don't know it but it did not have the original taste.  But guess what, the mini pancake tasted really special and i love it!)2) Escargot - $18 (hmm... i don't recommend this.  sorry)3) tuna tartare - $18 (no..... don't order this.  it was just plain tuna sashimi (i think it was not marinated) and some cucumber in the bottom..... If you are in the SGV area,  please go to La Grande Orange Cafe in Pasadena for the tuna tartar only $14)4) Lobster Pasta - $41 (a big disappointment.  I'm sorry to say I didn't like it.  I saw many people recommended this and it's about lobster so I gave a try.  Failed.  It was a big "plate" with a little portion of pasta and two pieces of lobster.  The lobster tasted like it's only boiled.  The sauce to the pasta was okay but for $41... I was hoping for more.)5) Lemonade - $6 (it tastes different and was good.  But $6 I think it was overpriced)The service was okay, not at my expectation.  The view, again, super nice, despite of the weather.  We took some photos there and the server was nice enough to help us take one photo.  The total bill came out around $115 which is quite expensive to me.. but the good thing is I have $60 from my mlife credit so I only had the pay the rest.  So don't forget your mlife card.  If you gamble, use it to pay!! heheh My tip is make reservation ahead of time.  Go around at 6PM before the peak time.   If you are like me, prefer bigger portion of food... maybe it's not really a good place to try.  But if you like to enjoy the view and enironment and not about the food, there you go, a must try!
4	Another Vegas establishment recommended by Liza L. She said it was a little pricey but worth the try! It was also recommended by other Hawaii food bloggers. Located in the Bellagio, the restaurant had a very old American type of vibe (tho conversely, Yelp says the food is new American). It's another one of Todd English's many restaurants. Who the heck is Todd English? I had no clue so I had to look him up. Wikipedia says he's a celebrity chef based out of Boston. His food is American with a rustic Italian focus. His original restaurant in Boston, also called Olives (named after his wife), closed down because of a fire.Anyhoo, the food.  We were seated pretty quickly for our lunch visit. The waiter offered a complimentary basket of lavosh, ciabatta bread and facoccia, along with some olives and tepenade. Very delicious and quite filling. The menu featured various pasta dishes, flat breads, salads and protein. For our starter, we had the flat bread special of the day which was topped with ham, asparagus, caramelized onions and parmesan. Yum.  I ordered the sirloin steak sandwich which came with a side balsamic spinach salad and garlic fries. The steak was cooked perfectly. I had too much bread earlier so I ended up eating just the steak. The garlic fries...well, not that great. I guess I was expecting something more gourmet. My sister had a burger topped with caramelized onions. It was so good I put some of it on my sandwich. Supposedly they have some great desserts here but we carbo-loaded enough for one meal.The wait staff were very friendly and attentive. Definitely not  pretentious as I would have expected of a restaurant at the Bellagio.  The entire meal total came out to under $70. Yes, pricey, but the quality of the food (minus the fries) and experience made it worthwhile.
4	I love their carpaccio, this is definitely a must-try!! It was so good so I ordered two!  They have good appetizers and dessert.   Service was great!
5	Food is good, service is good, dessert is excellant, but it's all about the view! Patio seating with front row views of the Bellagio fountain show!  Superb dining experience!
2	Olives didn't fancy me one bit.. call me unsophisticated, but I would have rather wined and dined at the other Olive.. the one with the "Garden" n' all.  The beef carpaccio was good, but I've had better.. The Sirloin Sandwhich tastes like ol' soggy McD's.. The Ricotta Ravioli was flavorless and the Ahi Tuna Block was bland.  Maybe I just came on one of their bad days.. or maybe I still have yet to develop a palate for the finer things in life.  Until then, Chef Boyardee... mmm mmm good!
5	Where to begin.... For me, this is THE Olives to go to. Better service, nicer staff and even a better menu than the NYC location.We booked our Bellagio stay via Virtuoso and part of the perks was a dining voucher for Olives. Little did we know what a treat we were in for. Our waiter was excellent, let us move tables twice and kept the bread and oil coming before we had ordered a single item. His attitude didn't change when we told him we had a voucher - which is huge. Almost a huge as the portion sizes! I am, as I mentioned before, a food whore. There cannot be enough food. But...Olives came close. And it wasn't just the quantity, it was also the quality. The beef carpaccio was a poem on a plate...delicious, thin and lean slices of well seasoned beef over a bed of polenta and some greens...mouthwatering. We also got some flat breads, scallops and a few other items. Spending the amount on our voucher without overeating proved to be mission impossible - but that's what to go bags are for!Between the amazing location (overlooking the Bellagio lake), the great service and the amazing food (which truly is well priced!) this place is a 'must' for any of our future trips to LV!
4	Amazing location! Sit outside its beautiful! The staff was very attentive and knowledgable made it easy to ask questions. They start you off with fresh super delicious baked bread. We ordered a flatbread pizza and huge steak sandwich both were great. Reasonable prices. Had a mango iced tea that was a special my girlfriend who doesn't like ice tea even liked it. Great place!
4	It's a bit of a walk from the hotel rooms, down a hall on the way out of the west side of the hotel campus. Decor is contemporary and wood-rich, seating a little cramped, balcony availability a little confusing. We came in toward the end of the lunch session but too early for the dinner session so things were in a bit of upheaval as they wound down to finish one mealtime and to prep for the next. After a wait and a search for who to talk to to get seated, we were finally seated at a long half&half (half bench/half chair) row of tables. I could extend my arm and eat off my neighbor's plate if I wanted to. It was a little noisy due to all the hard surfaces in the restaurant, but not too bad. The decor was beautiful.I selected the Beef Carpaccio (not having any idea what Carpaccio was) over the Tuna Carpaccio. When it arrived, I wasn't sure if I was seeing raw meat on there or not. Perhaps it had been cured in some way but kept the raw look of beef. I hesitatingly forked off a small taster portion, not knowing if I would actually like this concoction or not. OMG... heaven! It was SOOOO good! One of those dishes that just teases and excites every little tastebud in your mouth! Textures, flavours, everything! LOVED IT! Actually, I loved it so much, I have no memory whatsoever of what my husband ordered. I know he liked it, though. :o) Service was ok. Seemed a little confused initially. But once we got our server and our order in, she seemed a little more aware of getting back to us every once in a while. I would go back there. I don't know if I'd try anything new seeing as I loved the Carpaccio so much... but maybe I would. Just to give a more rounded assessment of the place! Two thumbs up from us for Olives!
4	There's nothing like eating A stone's throw from the beautiful fountains. The chicken and the ravioli dishes were incredible, but the $50 sirloin was tough and disappointing. Expensive, but this is Vegas...
4	If you make the earliest dinner reservation (5:00?) and arrive SUPER early to wait in line with the 50 other people who have the same idea, you can get a seat on the balcony for the Bellagio water show!If you're like me, and everything on the menu always sounds/looks good, this is the one place you can ask the server what's best, and they'll be honest (or at least tell you what they like).  The flatbread pizza was excellent, and they don't mind if you linger - we were there for 3 water shows.
5	We stopped in here for a bit between playing and real dinner...We sat at the bar and were served right away.  The special peach puree martini was a big winner.  Though I dont like olives, the tampenades served with the bread were really great.  I loved the bread selection and I'll def be back for the peach martini..
4	I NEVER eat at the same restaurant on vacation but I did it...I did it all for Todd English. Now the place isn't cheap.  But it's convienietly located in the Bellagio so you can gamble, eat here, then go to a show...or go back to gambling. It's a dimly lit restaurant with dark decor and very proper, nicely dressed servers. We ended up getting 2 appetizers to share instead of getting an entree each.   The special of the day was a sausage flatbread.  It was so delicious.  The spicy sausage and the gooey cheese on top of the buttery, crispy flatbread made me drool.  It was so good that I went back the next day just to have it again!We also got the kabobs.  The chicken and the beef were both tender and so well seasoned.  I hate biting into beef and having to gnaw my way through the thing but this was cooked perfectly. The next night we got the the carpet baggers also.  Delicious.  Fried oysters on top of truffled mashed potatoes?  We licked those oyster shells clean!  I am still thinking about those to this day...Not only were our appetizers quickly brought out but the bread basket they give you to start with is dangerous.  The rolls in the basket are varied so you wanna try each one: rosemary loaf, white chocolate bread, and crispy bread to dip into their complimentary olive spread. If you are looking for a quick place to dine, make it Olives.  I'm a stuck up foodie but I have to say, this place was very impressive.
5	One of our top spots whenever we're in Vegas, even when we're not staying at the Bellagio.On our last visit, we started with the escargot and I swear we were served a small army of those little suckers, all yummy in their baths of garlic and butter with goat cheese crostinis.  I nearly passed out. We've enjoyed their pastas, especially the lobster carbonara, the seabass is always fantastic, and any time we've had a steak with any preparation, it's been sublime.  It's always crowded,  folks.  Even with a reservation, you might have to wait.  So belly up to the bar.  The guys there are very un-Vegas-like and actually friendly and there's a nice wine list.  Yes, you could sit outside by the fountains, and that IS nice, but sometimes you just want to get all cozy in a lovely dark restaurant with your partner and stuff your face with some snails and wash it down with a big fat cab.
4	Excellent food, service and ambiance! Hottie and I like to find the top spots to eat, whenever we're on vacation... I have to say it was fantastic, but with all the options in Vegas, it may take a few more trips before we go back.  That being said, let's get to the meal.  We started off with a chopped greek style salad, it was better than  your traditional greek salad, but not particularly memorable.  My dinner on the other hand was fantastic! Homemade butternut squash tortellini, you could tell the pasta was made to order because it was a little organic and uneven... but I loved it!  Unfortunately Hottie's $50 Steak looked like they picked it up from the local grocery store for $5, very disappointing.  For dessert we had the chocolate fallen cake with ice cream.  I'm spacing on the flavor of the ice cream, but I remember it being particularly delicious! Overall we left fat and happy!
3	Restaurant Week Review I have to preface this review with, this is my first visit here and we came here specifically for restaurant week, the lunch menu.Original plan was to sit outside on the nice terrace overlooking the Bellagio fountains, but the weather prevented us from doing that, so the hostess sat us next to the window, which was perfect. Our server suggested 2 of his favorite mixed drink specialties from the bar, I wish I could remember the names of them, they were so good.For my app I went with Crispy Lamb Riblets; Sweet Corn Raita, Lamb Reduction, Honeyed Yogurt, Micro Mint. This was delicious. And rather large for an app, it was perfectly cooked, a little crunch on the outside and tender on the inside. My friend ordered the Wild Mushroom Tart; Caramelized Onions, Herbed Imported Goat Cheese, Truffle Essence. This also was delicious, had the perefect amount of every ingredient.We both chose the same main course, Pacific Sole Milanese; Creamy Fava Bean Risotto, Garlicky Spinach, Lemon Caper Butter Emulsion, Shaved Fennel Insalata.  Right away I noticed it looked greasy, I think the combination of the Milanese with the caper butter emulsion made this dish very heavy and it covered the taste of the Sole. I kept having to drink water after every bite. I loved the risotto and spinach under the fish, so that's what I ended up eating. Dissapointed because I ended up not eating the fish.We both chose the same dessert as well, Tiramisu Cannoli; Cinnamon Spiced Cake, Espresso cream. This was a different twist on tiramsu, which is one of my favorite desserts. It had a good flavor, nothing spectacular.
5	I had Sole Milanese and Mushroom Tart for lunch as part of the Restaurant Week special.  The food was absolutely delicious, and the portions were generous.  I sat at the bar and chatted with the bartender.  The staff is very friendly, something that I experience at most Bellagio restaurants.  The vibe here is a bit more relaxing than other places in Bellagio - less fancy, less trendy, more cozy.  I will come back again next time I'm in town.
4	I enjoyed a great lunch and trust me you will too. I was dining alone and chose to sit on the veranda to enjoy the great Vegas weather. If you don't mind waiting it was worth it. A very lovely view. I had the octopus and chick pea salad. It was wonderful!  The octopus was grilled to perfection and the broth with the chick peas was outstanding. There was no lettuce in this salad which is fine with me. My server was very nice and accommodating. I plan on going back again before I leave!
1	With all the great restaurants in Vegas why anyone would go here is beyond me.The prices were high (I do not mind paying for quality food)  and the food was mediocore.  I am being generous with those comments.  Service was averageFind another place to go.
4	Review is for Spring Restaurant Week 2012 menu:This was an extremely enjoyable meal.  I got here early enough I could sit on their patio overlooking the Fountains of Bellagio.  They had 8 LP heaters cranking out the warmth and it was great.  Nothing says success like location, location, location.  On with the meal.You get a nice basket of bread and lavash and a three section dish with olive tapenade and olives.  One section has green olive tapenade, the middle has a small olive assortment, and the last section has a ripe olive tapenade.  The tapenade with the bread and the lavash is almost addictive.  Ask your server and you'll get the recipe they use for making the tapenade. Course 1:  I ordered the crispy lamb lollipops with sweet corn raita, Calvados demi-glaze, Za'atar carrots, and Greek yogurt.  The description comes from their Restaurant Week menu.  It was very good, but it was poorly named.  I expected some kind of different use of lamb to create a lollipop.  Instead, they were lamb ribs.  They were tasty with a nice crispness, but it wasn't what I was expecting.  The corn was an excellent accompaniment.Course 2:  I got the Airline chicken breast on a bed of lobster mac and cheese with broccoli florets and "Truffle Fondue, Buttered Broccoli Florets, Marsala Jus, Toasted Bread Crumbs."  The quoted part is from their description.  The word fondue is used very loosely.  The chicken was nicely grilled and seasoned well.  The meat was very juicy.Course 3:  I got the Strawberry Mascarpone cheesecake with the center filled with a rhubarb mixture.  Excellent dessert.Service was very good.  It was relaxed although the place was crowded and I was taking up a primo spot on the patio.  Iced tea was refilled often.  The courses were spaced nicely so I got to enjoy 3 fountain shows during the meal.  It really is a nice spot, and it's a place to which I'll return.  That after all is part of why restaurants participate in Restaurant Week.
4	My dirty martini was excellent and strong (in a good way). You definitely get what you pay for as far as the cocktails go... if I would have had more than two the restaurant might have started spinning. Perfectly ok with that though! The bread basket was decent - I read reviews on here that it's the best thing in the world but to be honest I've had better. I had the restaurant week menu and it was excellent - salad had a huge amount of crab on it, for my main course I got the chicken and it was flavorful and not too heavy, and the mascarpone cheesecake was delicious. $50.12 for 3 courses was an absolute steal with the quality of food I was getting. My dining partner had the short rib lasagna and absolutely raved about it. I had a bite and man oh man was it delicious - huge portion too. All in all it was a nice meal with a great view of the Bellagio fountains.
3	Very much enjoyed the food here.  The lamb riblet appetizer on the prix fixe restaurant week lunch menu was out of this world.  The skirt steak shyed by comparision.  Nice that I could sit next to Dennis Quaid(not kidding).  The dessert was just average.  I could have ordered those lamb riblets for lunch and I would have been happy.  Delicious bread with a nice olive spread.  Popular place.  I'd go back
2	Definitely over rated and over seasoned. And what I mean by that is EVERY item we received was seriously over-salted. We had the falafel & hummus app. Seriously over-salted. The butternut squash tortelli would have been good if smaller for an appetizer, but as a main course the taste and consistency were too much. The filling was exactly the consistency and taste of a soggy amaretto cookie, which was the main flavor. The flavor was overwhelming after 3 torts. I had a special which I don't remember what it was called but it was chicken, pancetta, a cream type sauce and a fine, almost clear pasta. Again it was overwhelmed with salt. I know pancetta can add that saltiness, but not to this extreme. And the pasta was all stuck together. They weren't individual strands, but stuck clumps. Funny thing (not really) is, the couple right next to us had the same issue with saltiness with their meal and had one taken off of their check. The one positive was that they continued to fill our water glasses as we needed that to get through the meal.
5	The wait to sit at the outside patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains is minimum an hour if you're there on a weekend. The atmosphere is tranquil and the decor is just plain niceee!!The beef carpaccio and it's one dish that definitely stood out. This is a great choiice for a nice lunch or dinner. Definitely a must on your list of top Vegas restaurants.
4	When you're dining at this restaurant, it is very, very easy to overeat so I am very glad that I had my husband with me who reminded me that I'm ordering too much food!  He is my so-called "food conscience/police". I ordered the Grilled Octopus, Flat Bread and Mahi-Mahi.  My husband ordered the martini and lobster carbonara.  The flat bread came first and it was delicious.  Never had anything like that before.  Then came the Grilled Octopus.  Only then did I realize that I was already full and probably won't be able to finish my Mahi Mahi so we called our waiter and asked if he can still cancel it.  He was very accommodating.  He said no problem so that's one point for him!The Grilled Octopus is my absolute favorite.  It's very lime-y and very tender unlike most of the ones that I tried which are kindda rubbery.  It was excellent!  My husband liked the flat bread the most.  We decided we'd share the Lobster Carbonara.  The serving is huge and they split the lobster into 2 so it was easy for us to really share it.  They also brought extra plates in.  Despite the fact that it was very delicious and we really enjoyed it, we still weren't able to finish it.  As a matter of fact, the next time I come back, I'd probably just have the flat bread and grilled octopus.  The Lobster Carbonara was very good too but it was expensive - $41!  I would have given the place 5 stars except that the dessert was awful.  We ordered the mango brulee and it tasted old. It tasted like it has been sitting out there for a while.  We did not even finish it.  I should have followed my instinct and skipped dessert but then we were celebrating my husband's birthday.  What is a birthday without dessert, right?  Anyway, skip the dessert, eat more of the flat bread and order some cocktails.  That should do it!  And by the way, the view of the Bellagio fountain from the restaurant is just incredible.  It is actually better than the view from the strip.  So request a table by the window if it's cold and by the patio if it's warm.
5	I've been wanting to try this place out for years and I finally got a chance to try it out. I had the burger with truffles and it was probably the best burger I've ever had. It was juicy and had a great flavor on top of the earthiness of the truffles. They also give you a trio of tapenades that were very good. I can't wait to back and try other items on the menu. Oh I forgot to mention that it has amazing view of the Bellagio fountains!!
5	the ambience alone is reason to visit Olives. The bar was dimmly lit and sexy. It is so hard to find restaurants these days with nice, dim lighting. I started off with the largest Martini of my life. Granted it was $14 but it was easily 3x the Martini I ordered at Ami Gabi at Paris the night before.The octopus/squid app was wonderful. Almost a meal in itself with all the chickpeas. Since I was full after the awesome bread basket and olive tepanade served two ways  I did not order a main. I will definetely be back and have a full meal next year.The Irish bartender was a true delight. Wish more restaurant employees in Vegas were this personable and capable.
1	If I could give this place 0 stars I would. Food was not as described in the menu, one $30 plate was room temperature and all of the meat was fat. Also I had to get up and get my water refilled at the bar.
5	Overdue review because finally tried this place with mom and aunts last year because we wanted to enjoy the Bellagio Fountains while dining.  Made reservations for the patio and the VIEW was spectacular! Bread Basket with olives and olive tapenade was deelish especially the white chocolate bread!!!Dishes ordered: Butternut Squash Pasta, Lobster Pasta, and Bass (I think)... we all shared and all of it was deelish!Desserts: Mango Brulee and Hazelnut Souffle and OMG both were too die for!!! Especially the Hazelnut Souffle!!!  Also, since my mom's birthday the server brought out 3 different kinds of truffles and they were FANTASTIC!!!
5	Returned for lunch today, and am never disappointed!Made reservations for 4 for a late lunch on the patio. Seated shortly after we arrived with a great view of the Bellagio Fountains. (a late lunch, you'll get to enjoy the fountains)Not a fan of bread baskets, but this one you can't pass up. Fresh olives and olive tampanades to spread onto a variety of fresh made breads. The flatbread is crisp, cheesy with a kick... I could have made a meal out of it. We ordered the Ricotta Ravioli, Rainbow Trout, Skirt Steak and Beef Carpaccio. We all had a bite of each others entrees loving everyones cholce!. The Ravioli had a sausage, tomato basil sauce that was hearty and light. The Rainbow Trout, cooked perfectly on top of a heap of fries with truffle oil. The Skirt Steak had a maytag crust and served with grilled vegetables including grilled romaine lettuce. Beef Carpaccio melts in your mouth with a savory mustard. Its served on top of mountain of mixed greens with polenta hidden underneath. The great thing about Olives is if you have enjoyed an entree before, months later, you can order it again and experience the same great taste. They are spot on everytime, and the service is excellent. Looking forward to going back!
4	Came here for restaurant week 2012. $50.12 for 3 course dinner.5 stars for the Bellagio fountain view.3.5 stars for the food. Venue: Decent sized restaurant with great view of the Bellagio fountain when you sit outside.Service: was good. Server constantly came to check on us and helped us take multiple photos :)Food:Complimentary Bread and Olives (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=QGy2akDArGCERH9U9bqUqg) - OMG their Breads are sooo good and i think they are fresh baked in house too! I had to ask for seconds.Jumbo crab salad (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=S5coFUVVZqdl6_mr0nMwUA) - This salad was really good!! It had large pieces of crab mixed with. Great Presentation.Vegetarian tart (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=lj3RPIjbpfPvoh2sAm3_Jw) - This one was very tasty as well. Tasted like a thin crust pizza with thin slices of squash on top.Black cod (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=tHt9c087_EdPqod0x1xgNg) - The cod was moist and came with some mashed potatoes. Overall this dish was slightly better than mediocre. Mascarpone strawberry cheesecake (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=reYczOIuUb05FHpvPO1OXQ) - This one was pretty decent. The cheesecake was dense, but I still had better.Price: I wouldn't pay more than $50.12 for this 3 course meal. Overall: This experience was well worth it to have such a great view of the Bellagio fountains. Food was just okay... But good deal for the price.
4	My former fave spot to spend an evening with the fountains, a friend, and a bottle of wine was Fontana next door, but when they decided that place wasn't hip enough and needed some renovation, Mr. L and I tried Olives. Now my 4*'s doesn't cover anything like entrees bc we didn't order them, but with our wine we got excellent bread and an olive plate, and left alone with our lovely view of the fountains. No pressure to eat or leave, no pressure to finish the wine and give the prime table back to more lucrative guests... Something that didn't go unappreciated. Maybe next time I'll even try the food!
5	Even when holding Olives (in Bellagio) to my Manhattan standards in terms of creativity, innovation and quality, everything about this Sin City gem was simply exquisite, from decor to service to food/drinks.  Prices are certainly inflated, but that's par for the course in Vegas. Two drinks, appetizer and entree came to $125/person after tax and tip. Thank god for expense accounts!I ordered the Chilean Seabass and the waiter told me I chose the best entree on the menu. I guess I have a knack for eliciting that response haha. The miso glaze was a bit salty, but all-in-all I loved the dish.  And the tuna tartar to start (suggested by the waiter) wrapped in a bed of shaved cucumber was divine.My co-workers got the lobster pasta dish, bib salad and calamari/octopus starters. Everyone was more than content.
5	Loved this place, hitting it up for lunch was probably the best idea we had all weekend as far as food goes.  It's pretty classy looking but you won't feel too out of place with jeans and a t-shirt (although I was amused with the people dressed more than business casual with young kids in tow dressed as young kids tend to dress - I'm sure that's their normal weekend getup and I am nowhere near that fancy).  Reservations are recommended but we got a table for 2 right away at around 1:00 PM.  I really really wanted to try out some appetizers but we skipped them because we knew there wouldn't be room.  The flatbreads that other tables had were looking really tasty.  If I go back, I'd be willing to just go all appetizers for a meal, pick a little bit here and a little bit there, but that's for another trip.  The wine list is extensive (the Bellagio boasts thousands of wines and tens of thousands of bottles, so it was expected but still impressive to see).  The cocktail list is full of the usual trends these days, which wasn't appetizing to me (although I did get some simple cocktail with cognac, cointreau, ginger ale, and some other things which was pretty good).  They had a very tasty sangria that had the perfect amount of brandy.  They give you table bread at the beginning, which was really good.  There was some onion bread, normal bread, and sesame seed cracker things and it was served with some green olive tapenade, black olive tapenade, and a few special olives outside of your normal black and greens.  Really tasty, although in my mind it's very hard to go wrong with bread and olive tapenade. My meal was the chicken and vegetable lasagna.  It came out in a cylinder, like a lasagna stack or something, and was more like a mix of lasagna ingredients all swirled together than your traditional layered lasagna.  Cream sauce too, instead of tomato-based.  It was awesome.  There was a lot of chicken in big chunks, lots of perfectly done pasta, and all of the veggies gave it a healthy spin.  Nothing was overpowering, proportions were spot-on, and it was overall deliciously tasty.  I got to try the ricotta ravioli, which was also awesome.  The Italian sausage inside had the perfect spicy kick that let you know it was there without needing to search for it and without being too spicy.  The red sauce with that was a good complement.The price was high, like all of Vegas and especially the Bellagio, but it didn't feel out of place here.  You got what you paid for and you'd be hard-pressed to find the equivalent meal for a lower price anywhere else in the US.   The service was pretty good.  The waitress had a look to her like she was already looking forward to the end of her shift but was still attentive and nice.  Finally, after writing this review, I miss my meal and I would like to go back for some more...like, now!
4	AWESOME date place.  Took my girl here a tad bit late to wait for the patio area, but after experiencing the ambience and the food, we're definitely coming back and waiting the hour to get the patio experience. I got the butternut tortellini and my girl got the fig & prosciutto. Both were very unique in their sweet flavor. It was both fine dining and really hit the spot.We didn't order alcohol or desert and the price turned out to be rather reasonable as far as Las Vegas restaurants go. Spent about as much as we would have on a buffet around the area.Would definitely recommend.
1	What a disappointment...they ruined my daughter's 16th birthday:We had a 5:30 reservation made 2 months in advance that was confirmed 2 weeks prior. Both times it was made known that it was my daughter's sweet 16 birthday and that we would like a patio table and that we had tickets to "O" at 7:30. We were assured there would be no problems....We showed at 5:10 and needless to say, we ate a small table inside barely big enough to hold 3 dinner plates (and there were 4 of us) that had no view of the fountains. When I inquired about the view table I was rudely told that they do not "guarantee" such things even for special occasions...this was the ONLY reason we wanted to eat here.Our service was so bad that  we had to ask for our dinner plates to be removed 20 minutes after we had all stopped eating. Tables around us were receiving slightly quicker and more attentive service. We were only offered refills on our drinks after finishing our meal despite being there an hour and a half. At the hour and half mark (we only had entrees as we never would have had time for dessert) my wife and daughters left the restaurant and I asked for the bill. Only THEN did our waiter acknowledge that we were celebrating a birthday (this was the first time anyone on staff did and since we did not tell him it must have been noted on the reservations from our previous contacts). He stated he had something special for her and that he'd box it up...this took 10 more minutes. When my daughter opened the dessert it turned out to be 3 sorry little truffles and a beat up strawberry...wow how special was that.The food itself was mediocre and definitely not worth the cost. Our bill was $250 for 4 entrees, 2 cocktails, 1 beer, 1 soda. Meal time was 1.5 agonizingly slow hours. We would have liked dessert but had no time due to needing to get to our show.I put myself through school waiting tables and have worked at some very nice resorts. This restaurant dropped the ball in everyway with no apologies.
4	As you walk down the hall you can smell this place from a mile away. I have yet to have a bad meal there! I would totally suggest trying to get a seat on the patio overlooking the fountains. Great meal and a great view... it would be a great spot to propose... just saying
3	Wow, where's Restaurant Confidential when you need them? For an establishment in such a prime location touting a very high end menu and rock star chef branding, you would think that the dining room staff wouldn't be the sad end of amateur hour. The dining room is not large, there were plenty of waiters milling about, so I'm not sure why the service was so spotty. Orders were forgotten, mixed up, glasses of high end single malt scotch were filled with crushed ice, even when explicitly instructed otherwise. Pretty much every milestone in the dinner (ordering drinks, ordering appetizers, getting food, getting post-meal drinks, getting the check) was preceded by a painfully long wait for a waiter who managed to disappear from view for long stretches of time. Being that this was a weekday, my assumption was that the pro-level service was reserved for Friday nights and weekends. Unfortunate, to say the least, that the poor-service ended up being such a distraction for a great meal. The "Duck Two-Ways" was stellar, and considering the quality ingredients and preparation, the serving sizes were stunningly large. Patio views overlooking the Bellagio fountain, firing off every 15 minutes, a great place to eat, but come on a Friday.
4	We went here for the location.  This restaurant is on the Bellagio lake and looks over the fountains.  You cannot see the fountains though unless you ask for outdoor seating or one of the few window tables.  Escargot was amazing five stars, Sea Bass was a four star.  Ceasar salad was really basic and not worth it.
1	I've eaten at a lot of fine dining establishments during my time living in Vegas, and Olives is by far the worst, and one of only two restaurants that I refuse to go back to (the other being Prime, located just up the mall from Olives).  Where to begin? First, our party of three arrived for our 8:00pm reservation a few minutes early, and had to wait until about 8:30pm before we were seated -- strike 1.  We ventured to the bar to wait, where I decied I'd try one of their speciality cocktails they were offering for the night - except not, because they were out -- strike 2.  When we were finally seated, we were crammed into a crowded, loud, dark corner where we could barely move -- strike 3. To expand, the atmosphere and ambiance of Olives is awful.  They have crammed way too many tables into their already cramped dining room, for no other reason than because they can, I would suppose.  The wait staff is constantly bumping into the backs of chairs and are forced to reach in front of you to accomplish even the simplest tasks.  A side effect of the crowded dining room is the noise.  Even at a small table, you can forget about conversation unless you feel like losing your voice from shouting by the end of your meal (I'm exaggerating, but this place is WAY too loud for a high-end restaurant).  The lighting is ineffective, and the tables are so dark that you can barely see what you're eating - this is not necessarily a bad thing, because the food was so overly complex, that it failed on just about every level.  Yet another restaurent that fails because of what I like to call 'Top Chef Syndrome' - leave the campy molecular gastronomy, overly complex sauces, and useless garnishes to the few professionals that do it well, and get back to the basics of just cooking your food well.Everything (with the exception of the osso buco, which was the only highlight of the meal) was just not up to par with a restaurant of this reputation and price.  Our meal for three was close to $600 - apparently we gambled, and lost, on this one.  I wouldn't go back here even if someone else was paying.
5	I have made serveral trips to Vegas over the years and this is still one of my favorite restaurants, honestly anywhere.  I love the bread, I love the olive spreads, and the atmosphere is great.  The flatbreads and salads are fantastic, and perfect to split with a friend for a full meal.  Price is reasonable and the perfect lunch in a crazy town.
4	We finally dined here last night after missing it on our last two Vegas trips, and although we did not sit on the coveted patio I'd say the experience was still very good.  The ambience inside the restaurant is certainly not comparable to the patio, but being illuminated by the fountains of Bellagio every fifteen minutes or so is still a treat inside or out.  The service was ok - not five star by any means, as it did take a little too long for our food to come out.  However, the meal was excellent (I had a skirt steak special) and made up for the slow service.  The portions are perfect, and although I felt that I over ate I can attribute that to eating four or five pieces of the delicious bread and olive spread.  We will be back, but next time we will make sure to get a spot on the patio!
5	When the girls and I are in Vegas, this is our go-to spot for various reasons.  Tradition, yummy food, best view of the Bellagio fountains on the patio, and service!First, the bread basket w/ olives and olive tapenade is sooooo good! The foccacia, the little round kind of sweet, walnut bread is divine!  The dishes that I would recommend getting is the Beef Carpaccio (seriously the best carpaccio on earth! Choice cuts of meat, freshly shaved parm and a balsamic reduction..ugh to die for!).  You need to get the Grilled Squid and Octopus...the sauce alone with the chickpeas, roasted garlic is amazing especially when sopping it up with some foccacia!  The squid and octopus is super tender and flavorful.  I would seriously be happy splitting those two dishes with a friend.  Even though they are appetizers, the portions are large and could really be an entree.  I wasn't a big fan of the Fig and Prosciutto Flatbread...I thought the Gorgonzola was a bit much and overpowered the other flavors.  I could not really taste the fig...fresh figs would have been yummy on it.The service is impeccable.  We always make reservations for one of Paul's tables!  He is the best waiter hands-down!!  Definitely make reservations ahead of time to be able to sit on the patio so you can watch the lovely Bellagio fountains!!
1	HORRIBLE experience in every way possible!  Olives has always been our go to place every time we go to Vegas which is about 4 times a year!  This time it was my birthday week and I wanted to show off Olives to my family.  We arrived at 12:05 and were seated inside.  Waiter finally came over and took our drink orders.  The bread and olive tapenade were slow to arrives as well.  Our food orders were taken and we waited, we waited, we waited...the order was taken at 12:20!!!  As I was waiting I needed more water...the bussers (4 of them) were gathered around the wait station having face to face conversations with each other completely ignoring not only me but, the rest of the customers.  My husband had to get up go over tap one on the shoulder to finally get water refills.  Our food was served and all of the dishes were cold.  Three flat breads cold, chicken/beef skewers cold, my trout cold with limp gooey french fries (not fresh cut ones either).  We had to get up and find the waiter and told him our food was cold. Of course he acted so surprised.  He took my trout and the skewers and 15 mins later returned with the food.  The kitchen had recooked a trout and PUT IT ON TOP OF THE COLD FRIES FROM BEFORE!  Also, did the same thing with the skewers...so bad that the first skewer he had taken a bite off of was STILL ON THE PLATE!  Once again had to wave down the waiter. and showed him.  He came back and said that the busser told him he had thrown out the first order and that my husband was wrong.  CALLED HIM A LIAR basically!  I was so pissed at this point.  The waiter said he was getting us chocolates to make up for it.  We waited another 30 friggen' minutes for these damn chocolates and we finally got up and went to the bar to get our check.  We saw the waiter go to the manager, some woman, and talk to her.  We figured he was telling her a big made up story about how we were wrong or something.  I went to her and told her what had happened and I was furious at this point.  She showed no emotion, gave no explanation but, took her sweet ass time to ring up the check! I told her that we shouldn't have even been charged for the drinks or anything it was such a horrible experience.  She just gave me a dead pan look and said nothing.   We get back to the room with these chocolates and it was 4 balls the size of marbles with a strawberry cut in half!!!!  I can not believe how bad the service, food and attitude has deteriotated at OLIVES!  I was embarrassed in front of my family after having talked this place up and to have this horrible experience and being treated so horrible at the same time!  I will never go back to Olives and will be sure to tell everyone I know to never go there!!! IT sucks!  The one star is only because it's in the BELLAGIO which we love.
4	Great view of the Bellagio fountain show!   I went for lunch and luckily seated in the patio area with the view of the fountain.  It was absolutely beautiful.  As other reviewers mentioned, the bread basket with olive tapenade was good.  We had the mushroom flatbread and the fish dish (special of the day).  They were both good, but not greatly memorable.  I definitely recommend Olives for its overall great atmosphere.
5	DELICIOUS seafood.My friend and I arrived promptly for our 8:30 reservations and were seated immediately. We got a cozy booth right next to the fountains. We ordered a couple of drinks - my two pear martini was fantastic - lots of fruit flavor, but not too sweet.The bread course has a great variety - there was a salty, cheesy flatbread, a sweet roll, and few other varieties. The olive tapanades on the side were a super salty - but I'm not a big olive fan to begin with. I ordered the Hawaiian Mahi Mahi. It came  with a crispy crust, perched on a bed of lime and cilantro basmati rice, ginger bok choy, miso butter sauce, and crispy leeks. The lime and cilantro gave the dish a super fresh flavor, the butter sauce was creamy and delicious, and the veggies were a great compliment. My friend's Chilean Sea Bass was even better - served with risotto full of wild mushrooms, tender sauteed baby spinach, savory port wine beurre rouge, charred endive, and a sharp, sweet, balsamic vinaigrette.Our server was attentive, our food was amazing, and the atmosphere was outstanding.
2	On a recent trip to Vegas my husband and I wanted to treat ourselves to one really nice dinner and decided on Olives.  We specifically wanted to eat outside on the patio overlooking the fountains, but unfortunately you cannot reserve a table there - you must request at check in.  We made a reservation for 8pm and arrived a few minutes early to request a table outside.  We were told we could come back at 9pm and sit outside, so we did. We were seated all the way at the back of the patio, which has a very obscured view of the fountains because of large overhead umbrellas, but we still enjoyed the ambiance (fountain shows every 15 minutes).  We did not, however, enjoy the service.  Our waiter seemed very frazzled and like he had too many tables.  Also, when we first arrived someone had spilled a drink on a neighboring tables Prada purse - cleaning up the purse and then sucking up to that table seemed to be a priority for the rest of the night.  Our waiter did not greet us or welcome us at all, his opening line was "can I get you a cocktail?"  We really expected more from what is supposed to be a fine dining restaurant.  We heard "I'll be right back" three times from our waiter before he *finally* took our order 25 minutes after we sat down.  We were not even brought bread until after our order was taken, 30 minutes later.  After waiting so long to simply order our food, we were really frustrated and asked to speak to the manager.  The manager did not offer any apology or explanation at all, he basically thanked us for letting him know.I order Todd's Caesar Salad ($15) as a starter, nothing special.  My husband ordered the grilled squid and octopus ($16), which he said was just okay.  For entrees I had the Brick Oven Roasted Free Range Chicken ($29), again, nothing special - the best part was the grilled onions.  My husband had the Duck Two Ways ($34) which he thought was just okay as well.  We skipped dessert - though after we refused twice and turned down coffee and cocktails, the waiter tried to entice us with "it's on me" to make up for the bad service, but we declined.  Nothing was taken off our bill.Overall, the food was average, and the service was really terrible.  The ambiance was romantic, though sitting closer to the water would have been much nicer to see the fountains clearly (though you will be misted!).
2	Olives at the Bellagio overlooking the fountains we sat inside 8 tonight and after our standard have a drink at the bar moment we proceeded to the table after getting a quick fountain show which is of course a don't miss anytime at the Bellagio especially when It is in tune to Sinatra. Had lunch here sometime ago and I remember it being good, but the menu was recently changed and not really for the better.  Sommelier was very good and our waitress was excellent.  Breads presented followed by multiple appetizers including  Beef Carpaccio* gorgonzola polenta, balsamic reduction, parmesan, cipollini onions, scallion cream, garlic aioli.....19 Best I've ever had.  Tuna Tartare* spun cucumber salad, crispy rock shrimp, sesame dressing, scallion cream, whitefish caviar.....18 I didn't partake but was told it was OK nothing special. Todd's Caesar Salad eggless roquefort Caesar dressing, olive oil brioche croutons, tomatoes, shaved parmesan.....15 w/ anchovy fillets.....17 Traditional and large to split but dressing taste lacking  Fiery Chicken Sausage herbed ricotta cheese, balsamic onions, roasted tomato sauce.....18 OUTSTANDING! Meatball & Eggplant spicy tomato sauce, caramelized onions, imported buffalo mozzarella, hazelnut basil pesto.....18  Very good.Entrees: Butternut Squash Tortelli brown butter, amaretto cookies, sage, parmesan cheese.....24 their signature dish was outrageous and Don't like Squash.Ricotta Ravioli roasted tomato basil sauce, sweet Italian sausage, garlic bread crumbs.....25  EL PASSO nothing special here.Hawaiian Mahi Mahi lime & cilantro basmati rice, ginger bok choy, miso butter sauce, crispy leeks.....39 Another nothing special dish.Prime Beef Tenderloin Lyonnaise potatoes, garlic braised greens, black pepper demi, truffle brie, crispy onions.....51 Small piece of beef for the price but very tasty.Two Lobster Fra Diablo specials $54.00 over pasta were both extremely weak, sauce lacking in any taste or substance and lobster one small little tail.Although our waitress was excellent extreme amount of time between appetizers and entrees to the point of where is our food?  Some dishes great some hit or miss some downright over priced and lacking.  A generous 2 star as 2.5 would be more accurate. Much better dining options in Vegas I'd pass on a repeat here. Fountain show good though go have a drink catch the show then eat elsewhere.
5	This restaurant was FANTASTIC!  We had Saturday night reservations and were given a table just inside the windows with an excellent view of the Bellagio fountains.  Our waiter was incredibly friendly and attentive.  We loved the tapenade and bread spread that accompanied our cocktails and everyone's food was absolutely delicious (two different pastas, a duck dish, and a fish dish). Everyone ended the meal full and happy-topped off with chocolate cake and coffee.
5	Killer cocktails flatbreads and other apps. Loved it.
4	This was our second time here and were just as impressed as the first time! Raul the bartender set the bar high! And we were greeted the second time with zack,Andrew and Reggie! We stopped in before a show to get a great martini and a light appetizer! The flatbread pizza are delicious! We didn't have time for the restraunt but it is busy especially outdoor patio looking the bellagio fountains! Reservations recommend! Zack and Reggie you are great mixologists and very creative and friendly! Cheers!
5	Love the patio on Lake Bellagio!!!  This restaurant is one of my favorites in Vegas.  Perfect lunch spot.  Service is great, food is excellent and ambiance is perfect.  I had lunch today and had a seafood pasta special.  Great flavors, good portion size and the pasta was homemade.  My mom had crab stuffed prawns.  They were really good too!  This restaurant is always a great option in Vegas!!!
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE olives! came here first time for my 20th birthday then came back for my 22nd birthday for dinner. Great place to grab a ribeye. I also ordered the lobster here given i love lobster diablo and since the closure of Joe Dimagizzos in sf i havent found another place that makes it just as good. sadly after eating at CUT the night before this lobster had no chance of shining since all i could think and compare it to the lobster at CUT. I had the ribeye of course. So good unfortunately its in vegas and im in sf. we had pretty yummy drinks but i cant recall the name =[ BOO! i love that they have olive bread. the flatbread pizza is to die for. OMG FIG and PROSCIUTTO could there be a better combo than that. Cant wait to return eating here hopefully it will be soon! =D For a group of 5 girls the bill came out to be 100 a person, not too bad.
3	I used to really look forward to visiting Olives.  But this news report has caused me to reconsider future visits.  Does anyone have a different perspective?  Rather unflattering report.http://www.boston.com/Boston/businessupdates/2012/05/boston-officials-say-chef-todd-english-left-his-closed-faneuil-hall-restaurant-shambles/4NgD7C8aIfP6BRZcqyF9gM/story.html?p1=News_links
3	A friend visiting from out of town and I went to Olives for lunch. We were seated right away, but at a small table near the entrance. There were several other open tables, and people were eating outside, but we weren't asked our preference. I actually would have loved a fountain view and would have waited for it.  Oh well.Service was overall prompt and attentive, and our waiter was very personable.The beef carpaccio that my friend ordered was very good! My squid and octopus was a bit tough, but overall good.  I had the pink snapper special for my entree. I enjoyed the risotto, but the snapper was a bit underseasoned.  My friend ordered the short rib pasta and didn't care for it.All in all, I was a bit underwhelmed.
3	The seating was excellent. I requested the patio when I made the reservations. We got seated right next to the stone railing and got the prime view of the water shows. The food was not so great. The folie gras was overcooked and seared black around the edges. BAD! The medium rare steak was medium well done. I think I could've gotten better food at a buffet. Definitely not recommend for the food.
4	Loved their bread basket with an assortment of bread and different types of olive tapenade..  They even brought us a second round of tapenade without fuss.I had the Brick Oven Roasted Free Range Chicken.It was a huge dish, I couldn't finish it all and I was already feeling full from the bread basket....The chicken was pretty good, dry here and there but for the most part it was good.Potato cake and green beans were delicious...I actually can't even remember there being any roasted red onion or watercress, I probably just overlooked it....We did order a wine from the menu that was 2009 and they ended up bringing out a 2010, I definitely wouldn't have noticed, but my friend did and they ended up telling us that they didn't have any more 2009 in the wine we picked, so be careful to watch out for that, tricky.
4	Fantastic location with amazing fountain views. The food is very good, namely tuna tartar appetizer. Good wine selection.
3	The lychee blossom martini was to die for!Ordered the duck foigrass and it was yummy! As a main dish ossobucco,  good flavor but a little too salty. We found it very busy and noisy, I guess we were looking for a more quite spot. Service was friendly.
5	The first time I went to Olives was New Year's week with my boyfriend. We sat in the main dining area. The ambiance was cozy, romantic, and full of energy. The service was prompt and courteous. And most importantly, the food was amazing!I love the breads and olive tapenades that come before the meal! I'm especially fond of the chocolate bread....it has a slight sweetness while still retaining a traditional "bread and butter" taste.The highlights: The beef carpaccio was delicious and fresh, paired nicely with an arugula salad, parmesan shavings, polenta cake, and balsamic reduction. Chilean Sea Bass with wild mushroom risotto and sauteed spinach was cooked perfectly! And their desserts were to die for! I usually find that if a restaurant does their savory foods extremely well, their desserts end up lacking. I almost always order dessert when I'm dining out. And I can say that I am IN LOVE with Olive's hazelnut souffle! Baked perfectly with dramatic height it is paired with the most delicious type of creme anglaise. The overall dining experience was so perfect that we made reservations for dinner the next night, but the second time we sat outside with the view of the Bellagio fountain. It was a bit chilly even with the heat lamps, but the food was on point again and the view of the water shows was well worth it!I will definitely be coming back to Olives.
4	One of the best places for brunch in Vegas.  Starting off with the bread, it's so good that it's hard to stop eating....by the time your meal comes, you will already be almost full from the bread & olive spread.  There's also a thin, Parmesan crisp that has a nice spice kick in certain bites.  The beef & chicken kabob is delish...the portion is rather small...but each bite is packed full of flavor.  Order this starter...you won't be disappointed.For flatbreads, we ordered the fig & prosciutto..which was only ok.  I found the fig to be a bit overpowering.  Will have to try another flatbread in the future to compare and update the review....
4	I think that the best part of Olive's is the prime real estate that it's on.  Of course you're gonna love it if you get a terrace table and get to see the fountains go off--who doesn't like a good show?  And actually, the food is pretty good too.  The flat bread appy's are delicious.  I had the scallop entree which was very tasty.  My friend ordered the chicken which was a little on the dry side.  The chocolate dessert was amazing!!But, the thing that left a bad taste in our mouths?  The piss-poor service.  I cannot believe that the waiters basically just dump the food in front of you.  They have no personality and are not friendly at all.  For this reason alone, I would not return to Olives.  Go eat somewhere else (it's Vegas, there's a lot of delicious food out there!), and take in the free fountain show from the street afterwards.
5	Offers a view of Lake Bellagio. But I suggest not sitting outside, only because the fountains WILL sprinkle you and your food. Our group tried the butternut squash, alaskan salmon, veal, spaghetti for the kids, and the scallops. The butternut squash is great, although best for a vegetarian (such as myself). The salmon was great as well, goes perfectly with the couscous. The scallops are not pescetarian friendly, as they have beef on the bottom? And my mother was able to call them to custom make me a cake for my 21st birthday month celebration. Service was impeccable. OH, and the bread that comes before the meal, A MUST TRY. The olive spread is AMAZING. Oh, and since I am newly 21, I tried their pear cocktail and cranberry cocktail. MMM (they card you, heads up! lol). And. Right next to Dior and Bottega. A fashionista's dream.
1	We were very excited to try his Vegas place.. Boy what a big let down!Did not get anything that was impressive what so ever! Not going there again! Over!
5	"Life is Fresh" is the best drink I've ever had. The ahi carpaccio is amazing too, and the bartenders rock. This will be a definite "go back" next time we're in Vegas.
4	This was the best meal we had in Vegas, by far. Maybe it was because we tried to go to 2 other places prior that were either closed or had a long wait and we were just hungry, but I'm going to venture that it was actually just that good.The hostess seated us semi-promptly by Vegas standards and they had a pretty full house. Our waiter was friendly, engaged us in conversation (but not too much), and was willing to give suggestions.First of all, I have to gush about the olive tapenade they serve with the bread basket - OMG! As a lover of all things olive, I would go back just for this. I started off with a tropical martini concoction. I can't even remember what was in it (pineapple juice?), but it was really yummy and had the perfected sugar rim. But it was also $14. Yikes.Since we were starving (it was 11 pm our 'home' time), we ordered the prosciutto and fig flatbread. It was simply delicious. It had whole figs, and COVERED in prosciutto. Toppings tended to fall off as you took a bite, but it was still delicious.I had the Chicken and Gnocchi and it was really good. The chicken wasn't as well prepared as the gnocchi and sauce, but overall it was really good. The downside was the flatbread was so large and the olive spreads were so good, I was full by time I got my entree.One thing I will say is a downside is it is a little pricey for what we got - 1 flatbread, 2 pasta entrees (one with sausage and mine had chicken), and a drink each and it was nearly $150 with tax and tip.
4	I have been here a couple of times for dinner but decided to try lunch this time with my family. This restaurant is one of the few upscale options there is on the strip for lunch with outdoor seating. We decided to sit outside right in front of the fountains of Bellagio. The wait staff there is very prompt and courteous. We started off with 2 orders of the beef carpaccio and I have to say, it is the best I have tried in this town. I decided to try the crab cakes beignets, which were one of the specials for today. The crab cakes were covered with a nice, crispy covering and was served with a bean and salsa sauce. Every thing about the lunch was perfect. I have to say, I enjoyed lunch here better than I enjoyed the dinners.But just a word of caution, be careful while being seated outside, you will get wet when the fountains are going off and the wind blows, we did. Good thing we were done with our meal. The wait staff was very apologetic and even tried to dry us up.
5	Hubby and I were looking for a nice place to celebrate so we headed down the strip and randomly chose the Bellagio for a crapshoot at getting a table somewhere.  After wandering around a bit, looking at the lovely flowers, we headed down restaurant row and perused the menus, trying to decide what sounded best.  When we got to the last one, Todd English's Olives, we decided to give it a shot.  I asked the hostess if they had room for 2 walk-ins and we were seated immediately, though I overheard the couple behind us being told it was a 45 minute wait.. whew!The restaurant was packed, and we couldn't have been seated further from the fountain-view windows without being in another casino.. but we were there for the food.  Our waiter was friendly without trying to be besties and gave us suggestions.  Following his advice, we ordered the Beef Carpaccio for an appetizer to share.Words can't truly explain how divine that Beef Carpaccio was.. shaved so thin that you could see through it, with incredible flavor drizzles to vary the tastes.  It was fantastic, melt-in-your-mouth beef.  Hubby ate up the fried corn cake that was underneath the mountain of beef, exclaiming how incredibly good it was also.  Sometimes the southern just goes to the bone in that man ;)Our entrees arrived and were perfectly prepared and gorgeously presented.  Hubby had the porterhouse with sides of broccoli & fried lobster mac & cheese.  I had the scallops with sides of brussel sprouts & some balsamic beets, along with other stuff I don't remember.First, his steak - perfectly prepared, incredibly tasty.  I sampled a bite of each item and they were fantastic, and based on how clean his plate ended I'd have to say that he totally agreed.My scallops were incredibly good, and the crispy lil cakes underneath gave a great texture balance that only enhanced the scallops.  There were 3 large scallops on my plate, and I could barely manage to finish two of them though I truly wanted to eat that last one - I was just too stuffed to continue.  The balsamic beets were tasty good, I wouldn't have minded if there was more of that on my plate instead of the brussel sprouts.  As for those.. I'll admit to a total dislike of brussel sprouts.. but these were edible.  Not great, but I'm afraid that's an impossibility... achieving edible status is shocking enough.All in all, a great dining experience that gave us the perfect cap to an already excellent day :D
5	I love this place!  Service is really good and the food is delcious! I've dine here about 10 times , their pastas are really good along with their salmon. I highly recommend this place if you are entertaining guests, i would request patio seating to get a view of the bellagio fountains. Thinking of throwing my big 30 here at the Olives patio.. Try it now!
4	My bf had Veal & Fontina Fazzoletti....But I enjoyed my dish better ...Short rib Pappardelle ...Would not mind going back.
2	If you can sit outside on the tiny patio, do it! You'll enjoy great views of the water show and a cute atmosphere.HOWEVER, the food sucks. The chicken gnocchi tasted sweet and super gummy. The halibut was over cooked. I'm all about big spending for a great, authentic, delicious Italian meal, but this wasn't it. The bread before dinner was the best part of the meal. Go here for a drink/appetizer and to enjoy views of the fountain, but skip dinner and head somewhere else.
4	Just dined at Olives for the second time, and it was even better than I remembered.  The food was delicious and interesting.  Fantastic and surprising flavor combinations.  Our service was exceptional - could not have been better (thanks to Paul and Tammy). The space is fantastic and overlooks the fountains.  This restaurant is a real find - I would not miss it.
4	Had a great lunch here on July 3.  The view of the Bellagio dancing waters is amazing, the service was superb and my sliders were delicious with terrific shoe-string fries.  The only downside was the bread - it was dry as dust.  So bad, that a mouthful could make a person gag or quickly reach for a glass of water. I wish I could give 5 stars but one of my "musts" for 5 is great bread!
5	Butternut squash was amazing!
4	I was here for a late lunch and was fortunate to get a table.  I got an order of the Lamajoun flatbread and a random glass of red wine.  The Lamajoun basically resembled an open-faced shawarma, with the intense lamb flavors and bread standing out.  It was definitely delicious and probably worth the Las Vegas inflation rate.  The service was kinda meh, but the Lamajoun saved it from being a real issue.  Overall, good stuff.
4	Great food and extensive wine list. Have any of the flatbread appetizers. Too full for dessert.
3	Visited Olive's after seeing Cirque's O at the Bellagio (Fantastic show!) It was about 9:30 on a Sunday night and quite packed...thankfully we had a reservation. While we did arrive a few minutes early, we were promptly seated. I wasn't terribly hungry so I passed on a pre-dinner app and just ordered an app for dinner. My fellow diners, however, did opt for some apps one of which I did steal a few bites of, the Tuna Tartare. Very delish! Fresh diced tuna mixed with rock shrimp with a clean, but slightly spicy sesame dressing all atop a crisp, lightly dressed, julienned cucumber salad.For my dinner I chose the Steamed Clams. Not completely what I had expected, but a nice dish nonetheless. A LARGE bowl of steamed clams tossed with a chunky tomato and garlic sauce. I was expecting a sauce more along the lines of a white wine/garlic or a garlic/butter sauce so the chunky tomato veggie sauce caught me off guard. (For the record- it did not say tomato sauce on the menu). The steamed clams were perfectly steamed, tender and served in abundance! I wasn't a huge fan of the sauce and found it to be a bit "burdensome" when trying to shell and eat the clams. Service, was so-so. Our server was prompt and efficient, but definitely not the most friendly. He was a bit cold and you kind of got the feeling he didn't want to be there. Everyone seemed to be pretty satisfied with their meals, but no one was raving about it either. Overall good meal, decent service, nice ambiance (we were sitting inside and had a nice view of the Bellagio water show). When in the area, a return trip is doubtful but not out of the question. Too many other options and for the price I would expect service to be a bit more friendly.
4	Fantastic service and great food. We made a reservation for 5 pm and got there a little before 5 but we still had to wait in line (5 min) as number of people also made the reservation for 5.  We ordered beef tenderloin and white fish along with mushroom flatbread.   Not too crazy about the tempura string beans on beef but everything else came out perfectly cooked especially the fish.  Would go back next time when we are in vegas.
5	One of the best restaurant I have ever been. Wonderful ambience, awesome food and impeccable service.  Amazing breads and olives of course. Definitely a must stop if in Las Vegas.
2	I will be very careful and selective with what i say because I have only eaten here  once  and very rarely will i review a place unless i have 3 experiences. I don't think I will ever eat there again so I decided that I will review it now based on my experience. Here my run down:I think I set my expectations too high because I enjoy Todd's other restaurants so much (Kingfish and Tuscany) But after having an amazing meal the night before at Scarpetta i realized that Todd English cannot shake a stick at Scott Conant and maybe that makes me biased. Service-From hostess and waiter; TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE. You should be ashamed of yourselves, your water guy/ busser out shined you by far. I wish I could remember your name but man oh man get your head out of your ass and serve the people!Food-Bread and olive tempanade was terrific. But that's where the meal fizzled. The scallops and risotto was over ambitious and the Diver scallops we FAR from fresh.The waiter only said 3 words the whole night and two of them were Tuna Tar tare. Well i have 2 words for you buddy: TRY AGAIN. It was lacking texture, flavor and complexity you would expect from a $30 appetizer. That's all I have to say about that.Ambiance- Ehh romantic efforts with obnoxious tourist loudnessOverall- Wont be back, Todd sorry you didn't win my heart over this time.
3	beautiful place, intimate tables, and a decent view of the bellagio fountains. reservations are a must and even though we were late, they kindly seated us at the next available table.the menu was pretty standard of items so i settled on the salmon mainly for the israeli couscous. the fish was prepared well with a side of steamed veggies and the couscous was rich, but not overpowering. overall, the meal was very uneventful though i did feel healthy and ready for a night out.
2	I had a very high hopes for Olives. It is a beautiful place and the fountains certainly add a lot of drama. The Bellagio is a lovely if somewhat dated hotel. I'm not sure why I tried the free range chicken but it was as extremely dry with very little flavor.  Michael had some kind of steak but it looked frightening to me so I decided against trying it. They were busy and maybe it was an off night. Not on my list of places to revisit. For the price of this meal, I expected something wonderful. Palatable would also have been acceptable.
1	My boyfriends brother got married in Las Vegas and i was so excited to go to Olive's  for dinner after the ceremony.  I had been there for lunch before and had a nice time.  There were 14 of us this time.  My boyfriend called the restaurant to make a reservation about 6 weeks ago and they recommended we sit at the 'farm table' since it was one long table that would fit our group.  He called to confirm the reservation and they again talked up how great it was that we were going to be at the farm table.This farm table was in theory a nice idea, but it was in a semi-private room behind the kitchen.  It was the middle of July and I'm pretty sure it was cooler outside than at our table.  When we asked the manager about making it cooler, they said they knew the table was hot and they had been working with the hotel to make it colder.  If they knew the table was typically hot then why would you recommend a group sit there for a wedding dinner?This was supposed to be one of the only days where the newly married couple shouldn't have had to worry about anything and instead of enjoying dinner with his new bride, the groom was up several times to talk to management about the heat.  On top of it being so hot and some people from the party having to leave because their side of the table was so unbearable, the service was absolutely awful.  Our server was not nice and did not even review the specials until someone asked if there were any.  He rushed us through ordering and when we ordered champagne he did not congratulate the bride and groom, he just asked who needed glasses for the bottle.I had one bite of a salad because it was so hot and then spent the rest of the time going in and out of the restaurant.  The bite of the salad I had was fine, but the lettuce was a little wilted, maybe because it was so hot at our table.  I'm really not one to complain these days, but this was by far one of the worst dining experience I have ever had.
5	I am giving this restaurant 5 stars because of the view from the patio!  If you go here, definitely reserve a patio table if at all possible.  The service was excellent and the food was very good (especially the butternut squash ravioli), but the best part of the experience was having a unique view of the Bellagio Fountains show.  I was having dinner with 5 guests from Illinois and they were thrilled to watch the fountains during our dinner. In addition to good food, service and views, the prices also are fairly reasonable.  In fact, if you steer clear of the wine, you will end up spending something close to the price of the Bellagio dinner buffet to eat here.  Highly recommended!
1	Very disappointing.  More of a turn the tables fast food feel. Four of us for dinner, two good dinners, two fails.  Sommelier - Fail. Popped in gave a recommendation so fast and was gone. No wine order placed???  I ordered wine from the waiter, Sommelier came back once he saw what I ordered, to serve it.  Price on the wine list wasn't what was charged to the bill.  A far cry from our first vist years ago.  Was much better then.Overall bad experience. Had way better food and service at other restaurants in the area.  A waste of $500.00 and an 1 1/2 hours. Over rated!!!Try finding this place on Yelp - Todd??? They would probably have more poor reviews if the average consumer could find them on Yelp.
3	Good service, OK food but bad sommelier picks.  For $75 bucks a head you would think the food would be memorable and the wine pairings would be spot on.... not so much at Olives.Our party of 5 all got the 3 course tasting menu with wine pairings. The starter course was OK- nothing special.  Some of us had the garspacho and others the crab sticks- both were OK.  Wine was just OK.Main course was King salmon or airline chicken or flank steak.  All 3 were disapointing.  The salmon was overcooked and flavorless and was served with some mushy risotto that had an overly generous seasoning of lemon preserves (I grew up eating wild salmon and was very bummed), the steak was your average cut of meat the surprise was the airline chicken- which was a chicken breast and dark sauce.  Chicken was tender and flavorful- but come on.... $50 and only the chicken was good?  The big deal breaker of the evening came with the wine pairing- a run-of-the-mill pinot that was comparable to some two-buck-chuck.  Being from the Bay area.... we know wine, and this was not a good one.  The sommelier noticed we werent drinking the red and asked why.  We explained our displeasure and she graciously brought a small sample of a malbec instead.  It was appreciated. The STAR of the evening was the dessert and the sweet dessert sparkling wine.  DELISH!  Icecream or lemon cake.... both were amazing and the sparkling wine was am amazing complement. All in all, it was a good meal- but not amazing by any standards.  When I pay that much for dinner (and when I am in a city of cullinary greats) I expect the resturant to bring their "A" game.  Olives brought a solid "C" game.... and for that I wont be returning.
5	Love this place!!!!  They have pizzas under $20, pastas in the $20-$30 range, and nice meals $30+.A friend came in from Cali for a convention so I took her here to eat. IF you get a little later reservation, like 8:15 8:30, and sit by the window or on the patios you have an amazing view of the Bellagio Fountains, they also go off more often after 8 or 830 like every 15 minutes.  Which is just awesome.My guy friend got the Halibut [priced around $50] which was fantastic! In fact, it was better than mine. I got scallops on top of risotto cakes with beets and Brussels Sprouts [I would never have eaten this dish when I was little] anyhow it was good, but I would def order the Halibut next time :). I had meal envy.My Cali friend ordered Salmon on top of risotto, I don't eat Salmon, but it looked good. She cleaned her plate than quickly mention she was def going to have to hit the gym when she got back home.  We shared a bottle of Russian River Cab too which was amazing!  She loved this place and said next time she came in town she was going back. Score 1 for me!I was a little sad b/c they used to have this 'rabbit 2 ways dish' and they changed it. Keep in mind this place was the first and last time I've ever eaten rabbit and it was to die for. So they do update their menu.
3	Went to this place with my husband and parents, who were visiting from out of town. The best part about the experience was sitting outside on the patio and watching the Bellagio fountains. We had a late reservation so it wasn't too hot. The fountains and ambiance were great.The food was so-so. We are definitely pasta people so 3 of us had a pasta dish and my husband had the scallops. I had the gnocchi with chicken...it was ok. I guess I'm a purist because this gnocchi was served with chicken and red sauce which was slightly non-traditional. It had a good flavor and the gnocchi was delicious (definitely fresh) but the chicken was on the dry side - overall didn't think the dish was worth the price. My dad had the ravioli which was pretty standard and again overpriced.My husband had the scallops, they were cooked perfectly, but he was slightly disappointed that there were only 3 for the price. Probably pretty standard on the strip though.Service was not that great either. The waiter only spent about 5 min total at our table, he wasn't that helpful in making recommendations, took a while to get some drinks, including standard iced tea. He also didn't write down our orders - which is fine - but then came back to the table 2 separate times to confirm the orders. That was a little annoying - if you can't remember, just write it down.Overall, will probably not rush back here. Best part about the whole experience was the fountains and outdoor seating. Can probably find better amongst all the other places on the strip.
5	Amazing food! You should be prepared for a pricey dinner, but the quality of food makes it worth it. Had the tuna tartare & sea scallops. Both were incredible! Best scallops I've had. Yum!
3	I was so excited about eating here. Service was  great, friendly, funny waiter. Husband got the scallops with beets said it was great. I ordered the gnocchi with chicken. Chicken was dry and food was not to hot. Wound up feeling sick for the rest of the evening. I was so disappointed. Gave 3 stars for ambiance and service. My food was mediocre.
5	Had a 5.30 reservation and wanted to sit outside,we were greeted nicely by the host and were brought outside to our tale but it was really warm and we asked to sit inside,no problem.We had a nice table by the window,our server Michelle was very friendly and professional.Dinner was fantastic but the high light was the beef carpaccio .Desserts were good to.Will defiantly return.
5	Excellent food.   Excellent service.  Russ is awesome!   Drinks were always full.  Great view of the fountain.   Did I mention the food was great.
3	Sigh, Olives what did you do to that absolutely to die for fig and prosciutto flat bread? I have had it twice in other Olives and the ham was cooked and slightly crispy. On this occasion in Vegas it was limp and droopy over the figs. The apple salad was ok,but overpriced for what I got. The service was great and the restaurant lovely.
5	My girlfriend and I are always looking out for Celeb Chef restaurants. So when we were looking for a dinner place for her bday, this one stuck out. (well maybe because we saw his other operation on Chef Wanted on Food Network). So we thought we would give it a try.We were impressed. It might have been one of the best meals we've had.  We started with the sausage flat bread, which was a little spicy for her, but i loved it. :) then the main courses we split and had the Chicken Gnocci and the Short Rib Parpadelli. amazing is all i have to say. Also, we seriously contemplated taking home a bag of the Chocolate Walnut Bread. mmmm.  I made a reservation online and noted it was her bday. after our main course they brought out a nice plate with 3 different cake balls on them with "happy birthday" written out on it. Nice touch.We will come back here again.
3	I picked this place because of the location. I didn't mind the food reviews just because I really wanted to view the fountains. With that said, the food was okay. I think that the service was what made the kicker for me to have actually enjoyed this place. I ordered the mushroom flat bread and my boyfriend ordered the club. Overall, his sandwich looked great and he says that it was really delicious. My mushroom flatbread was good but could have been better. The drinks that we ordered were just simple vodka tonics and jack and cokes but the great thing about them were that they were strong and delightful to drink under the beaming sun. The show was awesome to enjoy but I'd probably would have liked more privacy. People were coming out of the restaurant and would gather around the table. I suppose I understand but then again, it's just common courtesy, right!? The service is what made the experience worth dining. Our server, Joy, was just that -- a joy! She was honest, funny and very attentive. I'd come back to just request her. :)Ohhh, that reminds me! Even though it was over 100 degrees, the host turned us away because my boyfriend was wearing a tank. I suppose I understand but we were going to sit outside for goodness sakes! Well, she saved our table so I'm grateful for that but just a FYI for future diners - if you're even going for lunch and sitting in 100 degree weather, you must wear something with sleeves!
1	My girlfriend and I made reservations to go here 3 days in advance and planned our evening around our dinner.  Just by chance I called the restaurant to see if we could arrive a half-hour earlier.  Much to my amazement and disappointment, the hostess informed me that something happened in the kitchen earlier that day and they were closed for the rest of the night.  I would think that for paying top dollar at an upscale restaurant, the least they could do is inform you of this prior to your arrival...clearly that was not the case and, in my opinion, unacceptable for a restaurant of their prestige.  Needless to say this disrupted one of our nights on vacation.  Very disappointed, would not attempt another visit.
3	Too heavy, too complicated.  Nice decor, but I felt the environment was Las Vegas formula, but without the extra important unique features to set it apart from other establishments.  I think its great for a beginner's "let's go fancy one once" kind of meal, but flat if you're a veteran to dining out.
4	BEEF CARPACCIO! BEEF CARPACCIO!  BEEF CARPACCIO! I just got to put it out there for those that just skim through these yelp reviews. That is a MUST GET. Of course unless you dont eat raw beef or is a vegetarian. if you don't get it you are truly missing out. This thing is HUGE! If you are not up for sharing, this could be an entree. In this case, I would probably do just that on my next visit. The dressing and the beef and everything just harmonizes so well. My mouth is watering just thinking of that thin layer of raw meat. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=aRyU8-mu9imUyGsh_X6hng#aRyU8-mu9imUyGsh_X6hngI swear, I am not a cannibal. Moving along with the rest of the dishes...Veal & Fontina Fazzoletti http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=aRyU8-mu9imUyGsh_X6hng#vu7X8-BE4xvU9HOBXSUF1A...rosemary & burgundy braised veal breast, white truffle emulsion, crispy prosciutto with ravioli.Mmmhmm good, the veal was braised so nicely with such great flavors of truffle. Very soft and not hard and chewy at all. My date got the set dinner menu of the night with the grilled salmon and the alaskan crab saladhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=aRyU8-mu9imUyGsh_X6hng#dEzj29fnC3Kj1CzKILRmLw I believe. Both were very delicious as well. the crab just screamed FRESH! and the salmon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/QJR4qBUHegWEozSQrGmBPw?select=aRyU8-mu9imUyGsh_X6hng#1m2kuqzMbxB96OFSKaA_xg was perfectly cooked. now.. the next item to rave about is the... Seasonal fruit pineapple cocktail. HOLY COW! I don't think a cocktail can possible get ANY better than this. The pineapple flavors just bursts through and gets topped with this delicious pineapple froth. Lets just put it this way... we ordered 3 or 4 during dinner.. and before I left I just couldn't resist and asked if I could get another one for the road. Dont worry though, this review isn't hyped up or anything just because I got cups after cups of the delicious pineapple drink.
5	We went to the restaurant for lunch with our little kids (baby and a toddler). Even thou the restaurant is kind of upscale the atmosphere was very chill and relaxing. We got a nice booth with a view of the famous fountains so kids we super happy when the show started. Service was impeccable and food was so delicious. We had couple of flat breads including the one with the goat and several appetizers - the shrimp with crab was absolutely amazing!!!!!! Such awesome flavors!! We will go there again when to come to LV!!!
2	Olives definitely suffers from the standard Vegas markup for mediocre food. Yet another disappointing Vegas dining experience that makes me think I should stick to Chipotle when I go to Vegas. * Beef carpaccio - $20The server deterred us from ordering beef tartare and suggested we order beef carpaccio. He said that people had been coming to Olives for 15 years just to eat the carpaccio. No offense to those people, but they probably haven't had good carpaccio. This was really just below average carpaccio. * Fig and prosciutto flatbread - $19The crust was a bit too hard, and the toppings didn't taste that good to me.* Grilled squid and octopus - $16Barely any squid or octopus but a lot of chickpeas. This dish might as well have been named chickpea curry. * Manila clams pasta - $35The pasta tasted fine, but the noodles were a bit clumpy. The portion was satisfactory. Nobody in the group seemed dtoo happy with the meal. A couple of people ordered steak (both the Porterhouse and sirloin) and said it was horrible. Most of the girls at my table ordered sangria ($14/glass). The menu described it as being made with fresh strawberries, but there were no strawberries in the glasses. It was very light in color and apparently flavorless. A tableful of lushes (just kidding!) in Vegas, and none of them even finished their first cocktail.
3	The arrogant bartender with the Irish brogue needs an infusion of professionalism! While my Fazzoletti with shredded veal and fontina with truffle emulsion was excellent (by the way, I'd never heard of this type of pasta; it's thin and flat, approx three inches square), the bartender could be overheard making snarky comments and telling patrons his Director was stupid.  He brought the place down and lessened the experience.He could learn a lot from Curtis at Circo!
5	We had a party of 6 go here for a 30th birthday party. Our waiter Paul was GREAT. He made the experience what it was. All of our drinks and food were top notch, there wasn't one complaint about anything. By the time we were ordering dessert it was late and space cleared out on the patio so Paul brought us out there for dessert by the fountains. It was the best meal we have had in Vegas out of well over 100 restaurants
2	I love Todd English and his food. That wasn't the problem .It's the service. Our waiter was horrible, forgot our salad and then made an excuse. If you forget something you should just apologize and go get it.  We just cancelled it because it took so long. It took 40 minutes to get a bottle of wine. He told us to hurry up and order because the kitchen was closing soon. I have worked in fine dining before, even chain restaurants, and you can never tell the customer to hurry up and order, you have to take someone even if they walk in 1 minute before closing.
5	Wonderful! We stopped in for cocktails and late lunch. All was wonderful. And the view was the Bellagio Fountain Show. What was better; both!Must visit and enjoy.
4	This would be AND SHOULD BE 5 stars, but it won't be...read on. This place  was amazing. We had an outside table right at the railing overlooking the fountains - it was incredible (although on a windy day, you could and would get soaked). The wine, food, waitstaff, all incredible. I don't think it matters what you order, it'll all be wonderful. So, why not 5 stars you ask. There was a couple sitting next to us who seemed nice enough. They obviously were having a nice dinner...just like us. However, by about mid-meal, they were standing for every fountain show....right in front of me! After the 3rd one, I kindly asked if they could move to the other side - what a mouth on the lady....the guy, gravity had taken over and his brain (and proper sense) was seated between his navel and his knees. Anyways, so time went on, still enjoying the water show and the food. The lady still had her man up for the water show, but she had progressed to humping him to the music. We nicely said something, but at this point, the wait staff should have intervened. I even said something to the wait staff - he just smiled and said she is driving everyone crazy...oh good! She asked my dinner partner to take a picture with her and I was happy he said no. She got some other poor young innocent guy to take pictures with her and he was clearly uncomfortable as she was running her hands across his hips - yes from side to side...across the front, all while her dinner mate was taking pictures. For that poor young kid's sake, I hope those photos do not show up on some website somewhere...surely they will. Anyways, he finally had the good sense to weasel his way out of her grip, but then she started "posing" while leaning on our table! I and my dinner mate had finally had enough. I said something to her and my dinner mate said something to her dinner mate. Those comments got her off of our table (after she mumbled some choice words in our direction), but that was not all she put in our direction. She promptly sat in her chair, legs spread wide open, and her dinner mate taking pictures. So, any question on why this did not get 5 stars? Olives has an obligation (for our $300 meal for two) to provide us with an exquisite dining experience. They got oh so close, but could not pull the trigger on these other guests. I have to assume that they were as shocked as we were and that shock somehow paralyzed them. That paralysis cost them a 5 star rating.I would absolutely go back. That is not ever in question. But if my $300 meal includes a soft porn show, then I will go straight to management with my right to dine absent the show.
4	Service was amazing. Dinner & the Bellagio water show. Food was great. Prices sucked. Overall, an amazing dinner experience. I will definitely make it back.
4	Messed up my reservation. I was so upset since I was taken here for my bday dinner before a show. Sat at the bar while they sort out the seating~ and within 10 minutes or so they got the table ready outside the patio~ Started off in bad note however they made things right so I am going to move on~Food was delicious plus the view was quite beautiful~ I had the butternut squash tortelli~ very good!My friend had the pasta special forgot the name but with lot of seafood, which was also very good!The Fig & prosciutto flat bread was great~ however with the tortelli and the bread basket it was too much food for me~ It's a restaurant you'd want to check out if you are on dining venture in Las Vegas.
4	Fun and lively for a quick drink.
4	Fantastic service; great wine and food.  Ask to sit on veranda or by windows for view of the fountains.m
3	I usually have a 4 start experience at Olives, but service and product execution left a lot to be desired on our latest trip. I was  put off by the cocktail list which has given in to the recent Vegas trend of sweet, large, and ingredient heavy drinks that are more about style than substance. My husband's  "rare" steak came out mid-well- a major disappointment for an avowed carnivore. The other meals were fine, though not rave-worthy. Most frustrating was the completely incompetent service that left our glasses empty and orders untaken for entirely too long; the awkwardness when she would actually make it to our table was painful. All this being said, the atmosphere is inviting and the view of the Bellagio fountains is lovely. I used to say that Olives was an affordable upscale option in Vegas with 4 star food; I now consider it and affordable option with 4 star ambiance, but with 3 start food and 2 star service.
5	I love this place.  My boyfriend and I make it a point to eat here at least once during our frequent weekenders.  The beef carpaccio is amazing.  The mushroom flatbread is yummy and their sandwiches and pastas (triend a number of them) are delicious.  The portions are very generous considering this place is a high-brow type of place.  The last time I went, they had a pineapple ice tea on the specials menu, it was yummy but it was $6 with no refills, kinda lame.  Oh and the breads they bring out with the olive tapenade is great too!
5	So it was my girlfriends birthday and we decided, after much browsing and walking around, to try out Olives, and boy am I glad we did. Every part of the meal was fantastic, from the drinks, appetizers, main course, to the complimentary birthcake dessert. I was going to try the beef tartare, but at the suggestion of our fantastic waiter, we got the beef carpaccio. Delicious is all I can say. The waiter found out that we were in the food industry so when we ordered the flat bread he brought out a Trio dish with fig and prosciutto, olives classic, and portabello. Downright amazing is all I can say. Since my girlfriend is a part time vegetarian she got the Pasta butternut squash tortelli, and she loved it. I ordered the rabbit dish, which is a first for me, and the flavors were delicious. Todd English himself might be phoning it in at this point in his career, but the Chefs and cooks at Olives are more than covering his ass. Fantastic job folks.
4	Everything started out great - we made our lunch reservation on line and the table was ready for us.  We ordered a number of dishes and shared them between us. So we had a lengthy long lunch. Staff was just great, will be back there soon to enjoy the good food.
5	This by far is my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas. The green beans are the best you will ever eat and that is no lie. When I asked about a good beer paring with my salmon the waiter looked a little puzzled, which was fine. Eat here and you will not be disappointed. Also make sure you make a reservation.
2	Like most of the outposts of famous restaurants in Las Vegas, Olives only shares the name in common with the real deal in Charlestown (Boston).  I've had several superb meals at Olive's in Charlestown, so my expectations were high, but man what a travesty.  Flatbread was undercooked (not crispy) and tomatoes were flavorless cardboard variety--not heirloom as advertised.  I ordered beef tenderloin (medium rare) it took forever and when it finally arrived it was overcooked and cold.  I don't mean warm, I mean COLD.  Waiter offered to "warm it up" for me.  Seriously, $55 and you are going to warm it up for me.  Didn't have time for a redux so I picked at my son's Gnocchi which was gummy/pasty and truly flavorless.  Tasted like a bad leftover    creation.  I just feel sorry for everyone who think they are getting the best of Todd English.
5	I was in town for a convention and ate lunch here two days in a row. Both times, it was a truly outstanding experience. The first day, I was alone for lunch so I sat at the bar. Two very professional servers with knowledge and personality waited on me. I had no idea what I wanted, so I did what is generally the safe thing. I asked for a recommendation.The gentleman behind the bar highly recommended the Beef Carpaccio. This amazing dish includes gorgonzola polenta, parmesan, cipollini onions, balsamic reduction, scallion cream, and garlic aioli. I've included a photo so you can witness for yourself this succulent treat. It was the perfect lunch dish in every respect. On the second day, I came back for lunch with a coworker and we sat at a table. A nice server came over to take our orders and today, I felt like pizza. So I again asked for a recommendation. The server said, "Well...it may sound strange, but I think the Fig & Prosciutto flatbread pizza is the best." Figs in pizza? Really? Okay. Fig & Prosciutto it is. And she was right. It was a heavenly flatbread. The figs were, in fact, the highlight of the meal. A unique blend of flavors and I highly recommend you try it.Something I also like about this restaurant is that when you're seated, they give you a free sample of their various Olives spreads, along with bread that ranges from soft to crispy. You could almost make a meal of these. And since I like olives, I'm a huge fan of the spreads. The atmosphere here is outstanding as well. Inside and out. And if you choose to dine outdoors on the terrace, you're right in front of the Bellagio fountains. Enjoy the water show, music, fine cuisine, and the misters (if it's hot outside) gently spraying cool water down to you. If you like olives, you love Olive's.
3	The negative: I made a reservation weeks in advance and asked to be seated by the Fountains. Apparently, they don't take reservations for that even though they give you a box on their online reservation form for requests. Go figure! When we were shown to our seat the hostess was very rude when I asked if there was something by the fountains. I didn't like the setup of the tables inside. We had a table along the wall that had the bench seat on one side and chairs on the other. The bench cushions sunk in, which made eating sort of difficult and the table next to us was pretty close. I think that makes for a somewhat uncomfortable dinning experience. The positive: The food is wonderful! My steak was cooked to perfection. The wine list was great. The service was good too. Nelson, our server, was on top of everything. I always like a restaurant that keeps my water glass full and fresh.
4	My wife and I went here for my birthday.  Very nice place.  The bread and olive paste they bring is very good (no surprise, given the name).  For an app, we had the margarita flatbread which was tasty.  My wife had the butternut squash tortelini.  She really liked and you can tell by the way the pasta was cut, it was made fresh (none of those predictable, pre-formed crescent shaped tortelini from a box).  I had the chicken and gnocci which was very good (and filling).  They have a very good wine and drink menu.  The service was outstanding.  They brought me a special desert free of charge.  It was standard for b-days but still very nice.  It is a bit pricey, however, so be prepared.  $193 for app, two entrees, a bottle of wine one cocktail, tax and tip (although I tip fairly well).  Overall, very nice experience at Olives!
1	Went here a while back for dinner.  Without exception that staff was rude and condescending.  From the hostess to the waitress and water boy, all acted like they were doing us a favor, I don't think one of them ever smiled.  We had the free range chicken which came on the plate swimming is some thin broth.  Looked and tasted exactly like boiled chicken, bleck!  Also ordered ravioli, got three ravioli in a thin watery light red sauce, bland, tasteless.  Will NEVER be back.
5	The food, the service the atmosphere, the cocktails are wonderful at Olives. Always a fun, memorable time when dining at Olives. Sitting on the Patio watching the watershow is awesome. One of our favorites
5	2 salads, 2 iced teas, and the new  Moroccan Flatbread= Best Lunch in town.
5	Enjoyed our food, the warm weather outdoors, and the fountain show.
4	I know this isn't the hippest new place on the strip but it is a very solid go-to. You can't argue with the location in the Bellagio with the view of the fountains and there are lots of great options on the menu. The olive spread and bread selection doesn't disappoint.I had a rabbit duo (braised leg and stuffed loin) and both were delicious. It's really hard to make rabbit without it drying out and they did it perfectly. The stuffed loin was tasty, braised leg was perfect. And great portions (no overly tiny food here).The only slightly disappointing thing was the dessert! Molten cake was just ok (they were out of the ice cream pie we wanted). But I would definitely come back!
5	Friendly waiters and knowledgeable sommelier. We dined at this restaurant before going to see the "Jersey Boys" at the Paris. Our waiter, Ralph was very helpful and got our food order out in a timely manner. He timed  the drinks, salads and pastas so that we didn't feel rushed. After dinner, he even walked with us out of the restaurant to show us which direction to get to the Paris hotel.My friends and I ordered the Grilled Squid and Octopus with Chickpeas. Generous morsels of squid and octopus in a tomato based sauce. The chickpeas were firm but not crunchy and provided a nice contrast to the tender squid and octopus.The baby Lolla Rosa was a salad mixed with red onions, beets, tangerines and wild flower honeycomb, which I found out was a smear of honey. We also ordered the Chicken and Gnocchi and Short Rib Pappardelle. The pasta and gnocchi were freshly made and both dishes were excellent.Since this restaurant doesn't take reservations, my suggestion is go early and ask to be seated outside or near the window. The Bellagio fountains put on quite a show and it was nice to watch.
3	We have been going to Olives for years. Nice spot to watch the fountains. Restaurant could use an update. We stopped in for drinks and an appetizer. Menu choices were ok.
5	Try ordering the flat bread and the beef scarpoccio and mix the two atthe table. It was just great..great service too. Share your Odets, it can be allot of food
4	The wife and I stopped by here even before going to our room. When you have kids and want to go on vacation without them there is much to prepare for, after two days of planning and preparing our children and their babysitter we were exhausted by the time our plane landed and we arrived at the Bellagio, therefore, we were starving!We got there between lunch and dinner therefore the bar area was the only open area. I desperately needed some fermented malts and barley, so much so I was willing to pay for it as opposed to drinking for free on the floor or in the poker room. The only downside is they do not have any beers on tap, just in the bottle; however, they had a good selection. My wife's diet coke was $5 dollars?! Not sure if it was blessed with baby tears or had gold flakes in it, but diet coke should never be $5 dollars..Anyways, the wife ordered their burger with the works, and I ordered the beef Carpaccio. Let me start off with my wife's burger, it was only about a 3 star burger, the accompaniments were pretty standard for a place like this, to include over-ratted truffle oil, do not get me wrong, I like truffles, but having had many truffle oils and owning some myself I find it hard to pay the extra for something I do not feel to be as pure or as good as what some places try to portray it as. Her burger was decent, only slightly over cooked but came in at over $20. The fries that come with it are probably made by 3 potatoes; they were sliced like jo-jos so they were even huger in appearance.My beef Carpaccio was by far the best I have ever had. This is an explosion of flavor and compliments. The beef tasted so fresh, crisp, and clean.  Underneath had a deep fried Gorgonzola polenta square, on top was parmesan, cipolin onions, balsamic reduction, scallion cream, garlic aioli the nice thing about the deep fried square was the subtle heat it radiated throughout the dish. The toppings were perfect and wonderfully complimented each other. For my wife's meal and my meal, which was technically an appetizer it cost us over $60 bucks that included 1 beer 1 diet coke and tip. But, it was still worth it, I will forever remember my beef Carpaccio, it is easily one of the best dishes I have had!
5	The best food we had in Las Vegas.  The Atmosphere was romantic, the staff were friendly, and the food was to die for (figure of speech).  We had the best Bread, Sole, and Short Rib there.  The wine pairing was perfect.  We'll be back!
5	We dropped in at dinner time when they were super full with a wait, but their bartender was able to find a seats at the bar, we had great service and though we had appetizers everything was exceptional. I want to say the olive spreads are worth a visit on their own but the carpaccio was the best I've ever had. I also had the Foie Gras which being from CA is always a treat.Once again would love to try more items on the menu so hope to go back
2	Because of their restaurant policy, I give it two stars because of the bartender. I came here to do the bar menu and have a few drinks for my BIRTHDAY..I thought the bar menu was from 4:00-6:00pm but it was 3:00-5:00pm. We had arrived at 4:15pm and ALL seats at the bar were taken but there were small tables next to the bar that were EMPTY.  I asked the host if we could sit at one of the small tables and he informed us that ALL tables are for DINNER ONLY and it starts at 5:00 pm. ( he wasn't the most friendly) Well there goes that plan. No one would be leaving the BAR and then the menu would be over. I have never heard of a restaurant that ONLY provides seats at the "literal" bar when they are serving their bar menu. Maybe they do things differently in CA.Plan B: Go to the Bellagio fountain show..which was wonderful as they had the show to the tune Lady Luck by Frank Sinatra..ahh...classic Vegas..on the way back, we walked past OLives and I thought well I have to at least get a birthday drink and they had 2 seats open. The bartender poured well ..got our money's worth, not watered down like most restaurants ( that is why I make my own most of the time). Didn't have dinner, too expensive and needed a reservation though the seating was practically empty for the tables..went to see the Monet exhibit and get dessert elsewhere..
4	I come for the bar and stay for the bartenders.For as often as I come to Olives, you would think I would have tried the food by now. After walking the strip or chilling in a nearby casino, I usually work up a thirst for a dirty martini. And after sampling a handful around town--and other cities for that matter--Todd's seems to make the best dirty Chopin vodka martini I've ever had. And of course, they've got the good blue cheese olives.As far as their signature cocktails go, I can vouch that the Southern Sidecar is a masterpiece. However, as the name suggests, it is mixed with Southern Comfort. I'm partial to SC, so I substitute it with the always reliable Crown. Whiskey and ginger beer make just the perfect match don't they? Generally speaking, I don't venture far from Crown or martinis, but one of the bartenders sampled me a fruity, passion fruit vodka-based cocktail whose name escapes me. If you see it on the menu and aren't ashamed to have a pink drink in front of you, order it. Speaking of bartenders, my faves are Ernie and Zach. I can honestly say they're the nicest, friendliest, and most personable bartenders I've ever met. And once you've been there a few times, they'll remember your face, order, and whatever problems you were discussing that evening. Zach and Ernie have kindly lent me their ear and talked me through a couple of my life troubles while medicating my soul with  martinis. Awesome friends, right?
4	Food is alright. I go there for their Cable Cars!
5	On my last day of vacation had a truly memorable brunch.  Loved the Two Pear cocktail.  Had a Sunsplash too.  Truly found the carpaccio so good.  The prawns stuffed with crab was the bomb !  Had the cookie plate ( hot fresh baked cookies ) with homemade ice cream.  Great combination......why don't others copy that.Was fortunate to sit in the patio outside......in nice weather....do it if you can.  Rarely give anything five stars.  Highly recommend it.  Great waiter too.
4	great lunch spot, amazing bloody marys, awesome olive spread and breads! everything on the menu is good- very casual and good prices, considering you are at the Bellagio. $74 dollars- and we did not hold back, acutally overordered (2 ppl)Great service- we left happy!
4	Our party of 4 sat at the bar since that was the only seating available at the time.  We enjoyed the food as well as the bartenders, Zach, Ernie and John.  John took some tome to explain the infused fruit vodka drinks that were on the back shelf.  Our food was great and the atmosphere was as exciting as you would expect in a Casino restaurant.  We plan on returning on our next visit to Vegas.
5	My favorite restaurant in one of my favorite restaurant cities!Many people come here for the Fountains, and if you can snag a patio table (be prepared for a wait-- possibly worth every minute) you will have an unforgettable experience for sure. But I come here for the food and I have never been disappointed. Get the flatbread. It's the best pizza you will ever eat. The Caesar is always excellent. The specials are always creative and enticing. I could itemize everything I have ever ordered here, but it will better serve simply to say: not only have I never had a less-than-superb meal here, I have never had a less than excellent dish here. Oh, and get the flatbread. Really.
5	My husband and I were in Las Vegas for a couple nights for a conference.  We asked around for advice on "the one place to go" for a special evening with great food.  Nobody's advice was really that great.  My advice?  Go to Todd English's Olives in the Bellagio.  The food is excellent, the price is acceptable, the setting is classy, the service is wonderful and friendly, and there is even the chance of sitting on the patio for front row seats of the legendary Bellagio fountain show.At your table, you'll enjoy the complimentary olive tapenade to death.  We had the portebello flatbread.  It was our all around favorite piece of the meal.  We got a lobster mac n cheese on the side instead of with the steak.  It was killer.  We had the cod cake appetizer.  I might reccomend something else, or one of their flatbread concoctions as an appetizer instead, in case you were skipping it.  They are really great.  We also had the Pacific Sole- paired with a great Pinot (the tablet wine list and interactive pairing menu really helped confirm the choice there), it was perfect.  We were too stuffed for dessert, but their options looked great, plus they gave us a complimentary little treat for our anniversary which was in the same month (how cool!).  As to the service, we did in fact sit on the balcony and watch the fountain show in our laps.  I couldn't imagine a more romantic or perfect venue in all of vegas, having perused and researched the town a bit.  Again, the perfect one night dinner out for a couple.  Getting a reservation is something the hotel consierge in the Bellagio couldn't do for us, but which the hostess (Erica?) made seem like the easiest thing in the world when I talked to her in person.  The conference went late, and I had to cancel, then move my reservation, making it even more difficult to get in, but she worked it all out and we just showed up and walked right out to our seat!!!  It seemed like usually there is a waiting list and such, so this may not work out the same for all, but I'd give it a shot because it is so very worth it, and they are so very helpful. The actual server was helpful and prompt, and tastefully out of the way (I'm not into the whole "I'm your server and the center of your attention this evening" bit that you get at other places).  We are so lucky to have figured this place out on our own.  It should be on everyone's lips as the go-to spot.
5	Been here at least a handful of times over the years when the wallet gets a little fat and starts burning a hole in my pocket. Not cheap, we drop at least $150+ for two (appetizer, entree, desert and drinks), but its oh so worth it....everytime. The decor is fanstastic and interesting to look around at, although we are so over the waterfountain thing. Anyway, this is the one and only reason that we attempt to go near the cheezy played out strip these days. I'm dreaming about the souffle now, mmm. The chefs there are truly artist and masters of their craft, thank you for your fine work! It's always nice to taste what millionaires and billionaires eat like everyday.
3	Went there for dinner with business colleagues from out of town. It was hit and miss.
2	The Flatbread was burnt; I really cannot believe the waiter served it.  The Beef Tartar was good, but served on top of cold mashed potatoes (gross, I had to scrape it off to enjoy).  I ordered beef tenderloin rare, but was served medium and was tasteless.  The caramel and pear creme brulee, was too many flavors, but after scraping off the fruit it was much better.  On the good side, the Beef Carpaccio was awesome. I might go back for a nice wine and Beef Carpaccio on the patio, but there are so many other great places here in Vegas I am not sure.
2	Food was good, but the hostess was a piece of work and the bus boy had an attitude.  The flatbread pizza and cheeseburger was good, this is the third time I have been there over the past year.  I have never been disappointed with the food.  I am not sure I'd go back based on the level of customer service that I received while I dined there, Vegas has too many other good restaurants with employees that want your business.
5	BEST vodka martinis anywhere. Between the Maytag blue cheese stuffed olives spiked in a sprig of rosemary and the perfect combination of ice cold vodka and vermouth, I was in heaven.  The bartenders are great and lots of fun.  We ate dinner at the bar. The fig and prosciutto flatbread is not to be missed. The ravioli was al dente with the right amount of sauce. I would return again in a heartbeat.
5	My wife and I decided on this as a lunch one day when we were trying to figure out a place to eat.  We were glad we did. We arrived shortly after they opened at 11am, and were promptly seated with a choice of either the balcony overlooking the Bellagio Fountains or the dining room.  We chose the dining room as it was very sunny that day.  Our server, Dennis, was very attentive and made was able to answer any questions that we had about the menu.  We chose the Manila Clams Fra Diavolo for my wife and I chose the Short Rib Pappardelle.  Both came out very quickly and were very fresh and flavorful.  Service was wonderful, and we never felt rushed at all.  I definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking  for a nice quiet meal.
5	Very good! Nothing too far out there, I had scallop dish and couldn't even finish it all, between appetizers and the rich food, I was satiated!
3	My girlfiriend and I visited this restaurant for lunch while we were in town for a few days. It was convenient for us as we were staying at the Bellagio. When we first reviewed the menu, we were excited  about the options and quickly made a reservation. Our server was very personable and didn't hesitate to suggest cocktails and "best" food options. Our drinks were well balanced and tasted great, our meal not so much. We were not impressed by either dish and we both agreed that this was a place that was mediocre and we can "check off the list".
4	Really good food. The sliders were amazing, just a little soggy on the bottom, but great flavor. My scallops were perfectly prepared, same with the risotto, and beautifully presented. Excellent wine and presentation, good service. I would definitely go back!
2	Disappointing.  Don't waste your money here. It is nothing like the Olives in Boston. This is a pretty tacky place.  Poorly trained servers and cooks. The pork chop was so overcooked it was dry. I told the waitress and she had it redone. And guess what it was partially completely uncooked. definitely the two worse versions of pork chops I have ever been served ----and at the same restaurant.  The busboy was one of the least professional busboys I have ever encountered.  He would reach in front of you with a big water pitcher and almost clobber you with his arm whenever he serviced the table. It didn't help that we had to hear him sing to himself either. The restaurant obviously suffers from poorly trained staff, no quality control and a lack of good management.  Plenty of better places to spend $200.
3	It has been some time since I've been here. Went here with my boss and a colleague. We were seated immediately, but the couple who approached the podium ahead of us was turned away by the hostess who claimed all the tables were reserved and were no available seats at the bar. This was very questionable. The food was fine, the decor pleasant. It was unfortunate that the hostess set the mood of pretentiousness and slightly soured the evening.
5	There are a ton of choices when you go to Vegas, so how do you know you're making the right one? By heading to Yelp and reading reviews of course. My husband and I came for dinner, we were a little early for our reservation so sat down at the bar for a drink. The drink/wine menu was handed to us (an ipad). I had a dirty martini - the bartender asked if I wanted bleu cheese olives, so obvi I said yes. They were speared with a Rosemary sprig  and I was instantly in love.We started with the carpaccio and both had specials - steak and miso bass. Both were delicious, although the miso was a little salty - I had commented that I hoped it wouldn't be salty to the husb when I was thinking about ordering it so I should have seen it coming.Otherwise everything was excellent, service was great. And you can't beat the view of the Bellagio Fountains!
5	Ok.... Sooooo I got attacked by a squid!!! LOLBest appetizer dish ever...grilled squid and octopus!!!!!Me and my bother stopped in for some drinks and a snack before our group was meeting elsewhere or dinner in a few hours.I have it to say that even though we only had this dish it was cooked and prepared to perfection!! If you have ever had squid or octopus before you will more then likely taste he difference.... This was grilled to perfection and the meat was nice and tender....not rubbery like other places!!!Def coming back for lunch or dinner..Ohhh the drinks were good and so was the assortment in the bread basket!!
3	I had no idea what to expect of the restaurant prior to actually going there other than the short blurb about it in our room. We went on a busy Friday night and got in without a wait. The bread guy gets an A+. The sweet bread with olive spread was great. The waiter was ok, I tried to order my flat bread without lamb and for some reason he wasnt having it. It was kind of a weird soup nazi moment about lamb., I was confused. The waiter gets a C for his lamb weirdness. The bartender doesnt have much skill other than pouring stuff for drunk frat guys. I ordered a good Anejo tequila and he threw a lime in it with a sword stuffed through it???
5	I absolutely loved the place - of course I liked it the minute I got there because of the view! My husband and I made a reservation for the day after Christmas and requested for a patio seat. Luckily we did not have to wait long for one after we arrived. We must have seen the Bellagio fountains firing up at least 10 times during our dinner and every time it felt like I was watching it for the first time. It was a chilly night but the view,service and food more than made up for it.We were given a bread basket (lavash, focaccia and some sweet bread) along with a trio of olives and tapenade upon sitting. I could gorge on those all night but we had to save our appetite for later. Being vegetarian, we ordered the one veggie pasta they had on the menu (butternut squash ravioli) and the eggplant flatbread to share. The flatbread was super yummy and though it did not look too big it pretty much filled our stomachs up before the pasta arrived. This was good because we did not like the pasta dish all that much - it was bit too sweet for our tastes.The service was extremely friendly - special mention to the guy who refilled our waters. He was attentive,friendly and kept making sure that we were comfortable in the chill of the night (they have outdoor heaters but I chose to sit near the fountain where they didnt have any).The check for 2 for the food came to about 60 bucks. A little pricey but so worth it. Will definitely return the next time I'm in vegas (maybe for desserts since we didnt try any this time).
5	One of the few places that exemplify perfection. Lets leave talking about the food until the end. I have visited this establishment twice with no room for complaint. Ambiance:The ambiance is breath taking. Sitting outside you get a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountain show, when the weather permits. Sitting inside is not as satisfying, it is a little dark and subdued. If you are looking for romantic the outside patio is incomparable. The wait staff is friendly and professional. One more thing I must add is that this is a good place for lunch because if you do sit outside you want it to be sunny so you can get a picturesque view of the strip and "Lake Belagio". Food:They bring out some very nice basket of  breads with a variety of olives and olive tapenade (hence the name olives, get it).Items that I have tried: Beef Carpaccio (usually always on the menu), perfectly executed. For those who are squeamish about raw food or meat, be a little adventurous it will pay off. Lobster Risotto (seasonal) this is one of the highlights, phenomincal, comes in a light cream sauce, perfectly cooked arborio rice, with plump chunks of lobster meat. Lamajoun Flatbread - has ground lamb on it, I know that some american palates find lamb troubling, I myself am a fan of GOOD lamb. This pizza-esque dish made for a great appetizer for four.Ricotta Ravioli - I personally do not like ricotta on the west coast, usually it is unseasoned and flavorless, not at olives. The sauce is vivid and with the sausage crumbles, these scrumptious and al dente firm pockets of well seasoned ricotta just shine. Abbondanza!
4	Todd English's Olives is located in Bellagio. We didn't make a reservation, so unfortunately, we did not have a good view of the fountains from our table, so keep this in mind if you are planning a trip! Despite the lack of a reservation, we were seated quickly and our server was very attentive.  I got the fig & prosciutto flatbread and it was delicious! They have a nice wine list as well.
4	How did we get so lucky to get the perfect table outside on the patio, directly in front of the fountains? We noshed on short rib-overwhelmingly decadent, Fig and prosciutto flat bread-ahmazing! Chicken gnocchi-delicious. Banana tiramisu-yum.  Bread basket..lavash, chocolate and walnut bread-it will put you in a carb induced coma. The service was good, prompt without leaving you feeling rushed. If you want to get a great view of the fountains without having to elbow your way through and want to have a finer dining experience than the casino buffet, Olives would be a great place to check out.
5	Everything that people said about this place was pretty much spot on.  Definitely ask for a seat on the balcony with a view of the fountain.  I've been to Vegas more times than I can count and have seen the fountain show but something about eating good food while there.  As for the food The Fig and Prosciutto flatbread and the ricotta ravioli are can't miss choices.
2	I was not impressed with Olives.  It was very high priced and the food was nothing special.  We shared a open faced Muffaletta, which was good, but not for $20.  I got the Butternut Squash Tortelli, it was horrible, nothing like the menu described.  I ended up having them box it and then gave it to a homeless man on our way back to our hotel.  I felt bad because I paid so much for it I didn't want to see them just throw it away and I was definitely not going to eat it then or later.  I only ate three bites of the whole thing, it was that bad, I couldn't choke it down.  The waiter was snobby also, only good service we had was from the busser.  I'm sure there are plenty of better places to eat in Vegas for that price range.
3	We made a reservation through our casino host, hoping to pull some strings and snag one of the coveted outside tables near the fountain.  No such luck; all the fountain-view tables are wait-list only, meaning, you show up for your reservation and just wait.  Our reservation was for 9:30, and they informed us upon arrival that since it was so late, and they already had a long wait list for outside, there was no chance we were getting one.  Bummer!  I thought our chance might be better with a late reservation, so heed my warning.  We did get a decent booth with a view of the water.  I like that this restaurant has a casual dress code, but maybe they go a bit too far; the guy at the next table was attired in a wife-beater and shorts (9:30 on a Sunday night).  The bread was yummy, and more like a dessert - white chocolate walnut rolls!  We shared a shrimp scampi flatbread and it was too heavy/creamy so we just picked off the shrimp.  For my main I had the Chilean Seabass - this was incredible!  I loved the whole dish, and the portion was huge.  DH had the Ribeye and enjoyed it.  For dessert we had cookies and ice cream - yum :)  We also ordered the Falling Out cake, but it was too liquidy and rich, with too little ice cream (one tiny scoop) to accompany it, so we ended up not really eating it.  Overall, the restaurant was just okay.  Although the seabass was delicious, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, especially without a fountain view.  The tables are too crowded together; we got lucky with the booth, but most of the tables are lined up with inches between them.  There are too many other good places to eat in Vegas for the $$$.
5	We go to Olives every time we're in Vegas. Their beef carpaccio is amazing & try the Tiffany Martini. We enjoy sitting at the bar, never wait for a table. Our favorite bartenders are Chris, Ernie, Zach and Raul.
5	I have never had a bad meal at Olives. Great food, exceptional service, nice view of the Bellagio Fountains. It's not cheap, but worth every penny.
1	If 0 stars was an option, that's what this restaurant would get.  If you want to watch a hot head owner treat his employees like crap, this is the place. If you want good food...go else where.  Ridiculous atmosphere. I don't give my money to assholes who act like clows.
3	I would go there just for the beef capriccio. There plates are huge! so you definitely can share. the flatbread pizza it was just okay and the roast beef sandwich was about the same. waiter was slow to take our order multiply times. But if you like capriccio go there.
5	I was recommended to make a reservation here for the outside terrace where there is a stunning view of the Bellagio light and water show. Great recommendation.For three girls, we had two appetizers and split a less expensive bottle of red wine and it came to around $100 before tip. A good value for excellent food, service and a great show.As young girls on a budget, we chose the cheapest red wine on the menu and the server - a lovely older gentlemen was nice enough to point out that it wasn't a typical wine and doesn't have much flavor so he gave us a sample. Definitely the blandest red wine I've ever had. We were so grateful that the server was looking out for his guests rather the check average. Or at least it seemed so. So we ordered his recommendation, a wine only a few dollars more.As for the food - ordered the beef tartare and the fig and proscuitto flatbread. The beef tartare was very good, but the flatbread was out of this world amazing. So simple, but the ingredients went so well together.If you had to go to one nice restaurant while in Vegas, this one is a good bet. Excellent food, great view and show of Las Vegas and wonderful service.
4	Was invited to lunch with a small group for a business meeting.  We only had about an hour, but the waiter did a great job of getting us out timely. The restaurant is busy, but it does not seem frenetic.  We were served our drinks, and they brought a large basket of breads and crackers, along with some spreads.  They were very tasty while we waited on our food.  We had a selection of sandwiches and pasta - my pasta was the ravioli with vegetables in a creamy sauce - I have to tell you that it was excellent!   This was my first visit to a Todd English restaurant, but I would definitely go again
4	I loved the beef carpaccio!!!
5	Great food! Waiter was awesome great view of the fountains if you sit outside.
3	Average food at Vegas prices. There are much better places to eat at the Bellagio, not to mention other Casinos. Food: Large portions, average qualityDecor: Too DarkService: Good, but ran out of blue moon beer. How's that possible? lolConclusion: Unlikely to return
4	I have always wanted to try this place. Finally, we made reservations. The phone number for this place online is listed so that it routes you to Ceaser's entertainment. It was quite difficult to actually call them back to change reservations - no one would answer! TIP: If you get routed to ceaser's phone number - ask for their direct phone number.TIP: Ask for Waterfront seating so you can watch the show - and for the perfect seat, ask for the table directly in front of the terrace.We ordered the butternut squash pasta - reccomended.We ordered a flatbread that had arugula - not reccomended. It is bland. Get another flatbread!Very nice variety of breads and nice olive tapanade for the table.Service could be better.You may want to order a bottle of wine if it's 2 people - may be a better deal then just getting a glass.Best thing about this place is sitting outside on the terrace and watching the show!
5	1. Try to get a seat outside. It's really pretty, especially at night, and you can see the Bellagio water show.2. The beef carpaccio is amazing. It was my first "most memorable food experience." Since then, I've been to Mastro's... so this is probably my second most memorable food experience. It's wonderful. The beef carpaccio here is better than the carpaccio I had in Italy :O They let you order this as an entree too, but it's much more of an appetizer type food in my opinion.3. Their French fries are pretty awesome too... I love fries so that's a big deal lol4. I had a braised short rib entree once and it just melted in my mouth. I think I was pretty speechless and silent throughout the course of the meal, which thoroughly shocked my friends because I talk a lot LOL5. The kebab appetizer is pretty good too! The chicken and beef were both really flavorful. This was a pleasant surprise because I didn't really want to order it, but my boyfriend pulled a coup and ordered it anyways LOLAll in all, I have a soft spot for this place because of 2. It really made me happy after eating here. So ultimately I bumped their 4.5 to a 5 :)
2	I had high hopes for my return visit to Olives. Several years ago I had a lovely meal at the restaurant while staying at the Bellagio, but was disappointed with my most recent dinner. Service was both rushed and inattentive, with a sense of urgency to turn the tables coupled with an attitude that more than suggested "Why bother, we'll never see these people again." Staff wanted to take our meal order even before presenting the menu.The foie gras served with my meal was delicate and properly seared. I wish I could say the same for the filet, which - ordered rare - was served over-cooked, dry, and completely unseasoned. Staff were nowhere to be found after dropping off the dishes, so there was no one to run interference with the kitchen.Todd English, your staff at this outpost can and should do better with both service and cuisine. The Bellagio Hotel & Resort positions itself as a 5 star establishment and purports to have restaurants of the same caliber. Sadly, this spot is letting them down.
4	I've eaten here every time I'm in town.   Great food and great view of the fountains at the Bellagio.
2	I've been dining at Olive's in the Bellagio since it first opened when the environment was much brighter in yellow & green ceramic tile. While the new look is a complete dramatic change of the original I can live with it. What I miss the the most, however, is the original friendly crew that always recognized their regular customers starting with the hostesses, the bartenders to the servers and the managers that had always welcomed in a engaging and courteous manner.I've tried most everything on the menu and seem to always come back to my ultimate favorites:*fig, prosciutto flat bread*boston bib salad*butternut squash tortelliI've always started and ordered the White Chocolate Martini. There was an original recipe of this served when it first opened that many(including myself) came back to time after time. It was simple, yet decadent made of vanilla stoli, clear cream de cacao and a splash of something else. Then they would garnish it with a white & milk chocolate swizzle stick.Today, if you ask for "White Chocolate Martini" they automatically give you a liquidy, creamy white concoction. When I've asked the bartenders I'd like it the original way..countless times the bartenders(that are no longer the originals) would argue with me saying they "only" do it in the white creamy way. However, I always seemed to get my special cocktail when I have to order more specifically for the original "clear" chocolate martini then amazingly these bartenders seem to know the exact recipe, though initially act as if they've never heard of such a cocktail. And after they finally make the cocktail(after wasting minutes in arguing) they wimp out on the chocolate garnish...unlike the decadent original way when the restaurant first opened.Reservations:  This is probably the most challenged comment I could make of this place. When calling in for earlier dinners (that need to be followed by a show), they always say that 6-8p.m. is all booked up and the earliest would be 10:30. However, I can count on my hand where I've brought groups of 4-6 to walk in with no reservations between 6 & 8p.m. where we were able to get a table immediately and get served.  The hostesses are not the friendliest of the bunch, unlike when the restaurant first opened.  And forget asking politely for a table on the balcony to watch the fountain show, they are extremely protective and act as if it is "off limits". Perhaps they reserve it for their favorite high roller guests or as long as they get a decent side tip in order to fulfill the request.I'd say the more accurate defined ratings would be:Food, Beverage:  five starsEnvironment:  three stars (five if you can actually get a table on the balcony. I miss the original friendlier esthetics)Service: two stars (due to the argumentative bartenders & the pompous hostesses)
4	I had lunch there, just walked up, with no reservation. It was just me, because my friends were still in the hotel, hungover. It was a beautiful day, and they had a balcony, so I thought it would be awesome if I had lunch on the balcony.  Unfortunately I was seated inside. I assume they probably only seat groups of 2 or more out there perhaps. The interior is really dark and dim, which is too bad. Would have been nice to get some sunlight because of the great weather. I noticed there was a narrow corridor past the bar that had seating near large windows though. Anyway, digressing a bit here but, the lack of outdoor seating in vegas made me realize how spoiled Minnesotan's are with abundant outdoor rooftop dining and patio dining. It was incredibly hard to find that in vegas! Which is weird considering they have such great weather. Who wouldn't want to eat outdoors and soak in the sun?Alright, back to the review: the butternut squash tortelli was delicious! It had a hint of cookie in it. So original and tasty! Loved it. The $24 glass of red wine I had along with the meal was fantastic. Smooth and rich. The best glass of cabernet I've had in a long time! Too bad I forgot the brand name of it...I didn't get a chance to eat at any other restaurants on the Strip since we mostly ate at cheaper areas like Chinatown and downtown Vegas, so I can't compare Olives with the other places on the Strip.  However Olives was definitely my favorite dining experience on the trip, not to mention the prices at Olives were actually incredibly reasonable for the quality and style of food. I was a bit nervous trying it out blindly, I usually check Yelp before going to places, but it all worked out! I'm pleasantly surprised and pleased!
3	We skipped lunch and had a late afternoon snack here.  It was pretty tasty, service was great, prices were on the higher side.  Like most of this trip tomVegas, it was just so so.
4	I would recommend making reservations waaay in advance to sit outside for dinner, or make reservations the day before to sit outside for lunch. Hanging out in the patio while the fountains do their thing is quite a site. The service was pretty good and the food was delicious. We had a bibb lettuce salad and shared a mushroom flat bread. The presentation of the salad was really nice and the dressing on it was light and tasty. The flat bread was also really great tasting. Oh....make sure to order the blueberry sour. Yummers! Drink slowly though :)Do expect to pay a little more than your average lunch place.
4	Wow, I just realized I never wrote a review for this place!!! We came here in 2007 with family for Thanksgiving since we were all staying at the Bellagio so we made reservations for Thanksgiving day. There were 14 of us so we had our own long table in the back with the view of the strip. We ordered turkey, stuffing and cranberry sandwiches, mashed potatoes, lots of Thanksgiving sides and pies for us to all share. Our waiters were very accommodating and we were pretty loud but they seemed to like us very lively that day! Our bill was over $2,000 but then again it was the 14 of us and I'm sure our waiters didn't mind the nice tip they got from it.
4	Wow, so good.  Thanks to Yelp I knew just what to order but the Calamari was already off the menu and the very helpful waiter told me they rotate many dishes every 4 months or so as in the Vegas scene gets tired quick.I ordered for a table of three at lunch and had the Beef Carpaccio and the Fig flatbread as starters. They were simply awesome.  The women at my table loved the flatbread and I thought the Beef was really really good.  Next course was the handmade tortellini, chicken gnocci, and a current special which was surf and turf.  The dishes are listed above in the order of their goodness... is that the right way to say that??  Whatever , you get it.  smoking good squach tortellini.  This is a dish that could very easliy be dessert SO GOOD...  The Gnocci was good but not kiiler and the Surf and Turf didn't have enough surf but the taste was great...I am coming back to this place.  Thankfully the experience on an expense account is guiltless so that obviously enhances the experience...  Yum yum  Keep it up Todd.
5	Absolutely fabulous food from starters to finish.  For a veggie girl and a carnivorous boy...this restaurant had it all.  In fact, he was picking off of my plate.  The tapenade was divine and could be a meal in itself.  We started with the eggplant flatbread and had to stop ourselves for fear of spoiling our appetite.  I had the butternut squash ravioli which is raved about on Yelp and for good reason...so velvety and rich.Olives is Vegas without feeling pretentious.  We'll definitely be back again.
5	This was one of the most enjoyable meals of my entire life.  Sitting along the beautiful Bellagio fountains, and with an incredible menu of temptations, how could we miss?Lets start with the drink menu.  Long, really long, and lots of interesting choices.  I went with their 18K drink, a mix of Grey Goose LOrange and various other ingredients, just perfect.My entree was an unbelievable cut of Salmon paired with a delicate risotto.  The presentation and taste was divine.  I almost licked the plate.Dessert was a must, and I went with a chocolate lave cake.  It was brought out just as the fountains began to dance for us!  So sweet, rich, and perfect.Service is wonderful, and very knowledgable.  Go ahead, splurge on Olives, you won't regret it!
5	Fantastic food, service and decor. The porterhouse is for two and is delicious.
3	This is a highly rated fine dining establishment. I decided to come here for lunch since prices can be a bit high for dinner and I had been wanting to try this place out for years now ever since I was in high school! Well, it was pretty busy that day, but luckily, we were seated next to the windows to get a good view of the Bellagio fountains. Our waiter was really friendly and had given us what he thought were the best choices for our meals. The bread basket had a nice assortment and there a black and green olive dip on the side for them. I'm a bread and butter kind of gal so it wasn't really to my taste. I chose the Dungeness crab salad for our appetizer and it was absolutely delightful! I shared it with my date and he loved it too. We both ordered the chicken for our meals and it was a bit dry. It came with green beans and I really didn't like that at all. I would've preferred asparagus, spinach, or broccoli. Definitely not green beans. The bill was really expensive. We didn't even order cocktails and it was close to $100. Way too much for our meal.
4	We came for lunch and since it was a beautiful day, we decided to sit outdoors next to the Bellagio fountains.The bread basket included an assortment of breads but my favorite was the onion focaccia.We ordered fig & prosciutto flat bread, crab stuffed jumbo prawns, brick oven roasted free range chicken, and chicken and gnocchi.  The oven roasted chicken was just that, roasted chicken.The flatbread can be a meal by itself.  It had big chunks of figs, almost too big.  I would have liked thinly sliced figs.  Overall it was very good.Chicken and gnocchi and the crab stuffed jumbo prawns were the best dishes.Prices were a bit steep, but it was expected at a restaurant inside the Bellagio.
4	FOIE GRAS!!! As a native Californian, I was finally able to get that spectacular, sinfully, savory dish and eat it unabashedly.  In front of everyone.  Holy smokes, I'm like a drug addict.Alas, Olives was a pleasant evening with wonderful food.  It is your higher end Vegas restaurant experience: dishes are prepared very well, waitstaff is very friendly, and everything has a Vegas premium on the price.I had the rabbit confit, which was prepared very well.  Not covered with too much of anything, glaze or garnish, it was excellent. The foie gras was marvelous: it wasn't a pate, it was the actual liver.  Paired it with a sweet desert wine, which tasted even sweeter after pre-dinner Oban.The Bellagio fountains outside make for wonderful views.  The ambiance was nice, but the group I was with is not quiet and was not sober, so, sadly, we made it a bit louder.  The waitstaff was very patient with everyone and gave them recommendations on wine and dishes.It's hard to come back to restaurants in Vegas, given the opportunity cost, but I'd come back to Olives.
5	Made a reservation for Valentine's Day 2013 via email with the help of Olive's general manager, Kendra Arroyo.   I was impressed her quick replies and courteousness throughout the back and forth communication.  The highlight of eating at this restaurant is the patio seating with a view of the Bellagio Fountains, but I was told by Kendra  that patio seating is not guaranteed until the day of the reservation.  Ok, fair enough.  We got to the restaurant about 30 minutes early and was told by the host to stand in line to the side for patio seating privileges.  Luckily, we got there 30 minutes early!  The line was out the door by the time our 7pm reservation came around!  We got patio primo seating!  Watching the water danced to the music was beautiful. Better than standing with the hoi polloi on LV Blvd.  :) Service was exceptional.  Our waiter was very attentive and knowledgeable. Wine list was presented on an iPad.  A sommelier was walking around and ready to answer all your wine questions.  Food was excellent, despite the small portions.  A definite must is you're in Vegas!
4	Loved this place. Quick lunch service. Our server was hilarious. We didnt sit outside but they have a really good view of the fountains. It is expensive, like everything else on the strip but definitely worth visiting again. Great vegetarian options too. They had at least 4 veggie options on the menu. Go here.
5	When you talk about a dining experience, it gets no better in Vegas than Olives! From the Martinis, appetizers, entrees, and desserts, it stands above the rest. Set in a relaxing atmosphere overlooking the fountain. Mixed with a staff that remembers faces and names always. You can't go wrong in Vegas
4	We chose this restaurant for our "fancy dinner out" in Vegas and I'm so glad we did. The ambiance was just what I was looking for...dark, romantic, and modern, while not being stuffy and too quiet. We had reservations and when we checked in, we asked for a table with a view of the fountains. We only had to wait an extra 10 minutes for the table. I ordered the Chicken & Gnocchi and my husband had the Roasted Maine Lobster Fra Diavolo. We both loved our pastas. I'm not much of a steak eater, so I loved that the menu offered so many different options. We got the fancy steakhouse feel, but with delicious pasta and flatbread options. I loved that. The menu is a bit pricey, but considering the other comparable dinner restaurant options nearby, it was on par. The great food, service, and ambiance made it worth it, especially for a nice dinner out. I definitely plan on returning next time I'm in vegas!!
5	Apple and fennel salad was perfect with walnuts, goat cheese, onions tangerines and champagne vinaigrette, Sonoma rabbit duo was DELICIOUS. I inhaled the quartered leg, and realized I was too full to even work on the asparagus stuffed part. That ended up being my lunch the next day, and it was still awesome., slice of life cocktail was absolutely refreshing and I probably could have had at least 2 more if I hadn't realized the alcohol taking its effect. Was way too full for desert. There's always next time.Definitely will try to make reservations next time outside to sit behind the Bellagio fountains.
5	Very good experience here. Our waiter was very nice, and meal was delicious. My friend got the salmon and it was perfectly served, and my lobster pasta was great. Beautiful view of the Bellagio water display!
1	Do not eat here.  Food is terrible for the price, they do not honor reservations like "normal" restaurants, drinks are over priced.We espected to may $75-$100 per person, but we also expected amazing food.  This was not the case.  Forget about outdoor dining, if want this, plan to wait 2 hours even if you have reservations.  Like I said, forget about this place.
2	inside the bellagio hotel and if you have the time, sit outside on the patio so you can see the water show. had lunch here. started with cesar salad with anchovies.this was one of the best cesar salads. scallops were cooked well. veal chops were cooked well however covered in tomato sauce which was not appetizing. cheese burger were done well with their signature fries. had the crab special spaghetti. came out luke warm and the spaghetti was over cooked so it was really gummy. returned that and ordered the  short rib parpadelle. again the dish came out luke warm with zero seasoning and the pasta over coked. just left the dish, had a plane to catch. will not go back
5	The best food you will ever eat! The Carpaccio will blow your mind and if you have room for the main course.... Go butternut squash all the way or better yet another round of carpaccio. If you want the best bang for your buck go for lunch and ask for Joy! it's not as busy, they have more time just to work on your order rather than being in the middle of madness and Joy, well she's exactly that a Joy. The best thing about this combination is you will get a taste of what Vegas used to be. First class service, first class food and you are the V.I.P. wether your spending $30 or $3,000. If you have a problem she will move mountains to fix it, she goes out of her way to make you feel welcome and most importantly she lives by the old Vegas mantra 'the customer is always right and priority one'. If your from out of town the experience will make your trip and if your a local you can't help but come back for more and you might just meet a true Vegas contact and friend. Don't forget the carpaccio and raise a glass to the good old days.        Quick tip if you don't want to walk through the casino, the Bellagio has a valet side entrance right on Flamingo and the restaurant is in the door to your left go down I think about three or four shops and it is there on your right, but if your visiting take the main parking in, go through taking the larger walk ways until you get to the shops and then on your way out rather than going left to parking go right and you go directly into the atrium. It doesn't cost any money but it costs the casino millions it is absolutely gorgeous and a ton of work, it always seems to amaze. They change out the theme every month or so depending on the time of year. Hope this is helpful
5	Seating in patio is worth yhe wait....an inside view of the fountains is to die fir.....
5	If you don't know by now, you need reservations in Vegas, especially good places in touristy areas.  My favorite thing here that i get all the time is the mussels.  The sauce would be the most amazing soup broth.  Wine choices here are great.  Service here has actually always been on par with how busy it always is.  Views of the Bellagio fountains is really nice.
5	I heart this place like no other in vegas....I - hello- Got your attention?  YEAH I LOVE THIS PLACE.Its costly...Come on...its in the Bellagio...You expecting K-mart prices?    No blue light special here dears.  But they have the best drinks in vegas...THE BEST.  The slingback is my favorite by far.  My family knows that if you end up in vegas with us...you will end up here atleast one night....if not at the bar several nights.Love it.  Services has always been good, food is always good.  Love it.
1	Mr. English - After  reading the mix reviews onYelp I picked your establishment. You took my $$$ and in return you gave me 1. Poor service 2. Food that was (1-2) star level and 3.  a feeling my time is of no value to your business. I see a business model of why care about the customer they are tourist they will not return and new ones line up my  reputation will carry me through this moment is a bad one. If you want to see the fountain at the casino and a nice dinner consider the view from the casinos near by. Eating here is the equivant of being seated at a Craps table. You will have better odds at the other casinos near by.
3	We had reservations for a Friday night for a party of 5 at 10pm.  We showed up extra early to request a table on the patio and said we did not mind a long wait to get a table on the patio.  We were told that we could  not get one and were seated inside close to our reservation time.  As we walked by the patio I saw several open tables and was wondering about them but did not say anything other than asking the  person who sat us to let us know if anything opened on the patio as we  would really like to be out there..  Since it was my mother-in-laws bday weekend I decided to go ask the hostess again if when we got to dessert we could possible be seated outside and walked in on the hostess offer a party of 6  a table outside!  What?  This was  very disappointing and made no sense since we had said we would wait as long as needed for a table outside.  I gave her a look and just said "can you please try to move us outside for dessert" and she said yes.. she definitely knew she had been caught giving a party basically the same size as ours a table outside.  I know they say they do not guarantee tables outside but it seems that even if you want a table outside they will try their best to sit you inside.Focaccia bread and white chocolate bread (similar to a Brioche) with a green olive tapenade and black olive tapenade - 4 stars.  This bread was very good!Fig and Prosciutto flat bread - 5 stars! this dish was delicious!  Layers of prosciutto, creamy Gorgonzola, sweet figs, balsamic marinated onions and some sort of chive!  Yummy!Ricotta Ravioli without Sausage - 3 stars The ravioli were extremely tender with a creamy light ricotta filling.  I think this dish need the sausage though!  This will teach me not to mess with a chefs flavor combinations!  This dish would probably be 4-5 stars with the sausage.Tiffany cocktail - 3 stars. Very sweet. Strong flavor of raspberry!Warm bread pudding with white chocolate, caramelized pears, cranberry and Caramel ice cream. - 3 stars.  This was not a true bread pudding.  I am always disappointed when I order bread pudding and get something that really does not resemble it.  I would not order this again.I would give it 3.5 stars for the awesome flat bread and wonderful view of the fountains.
5	Sat at the bar for dinner, twice in our 4 day trip. Never had to bother with a reservation for 2 cause you are allowed wait around until a seat opens up. So basically you wait only 15 min. for 2 seats since most at the bar are waiting for their reservations.The chicken/watercress dish was very good, I chose it for both dinners. The Lolla Rosa salad was really nice and different. Their slingback, bellini and lemon drop were all very good and I was never cheated on the amount of liquor. I actually watched them pour drinks for least 4 hours and I don't know how it is even possible to have one with "barely any liquor" as some have previously stated. Anyway, will be back our next trip!P.s. Agree with other comments on the hostess stand. The 3 standing up there were kind of blank faced or trying to ignore when I asked them if we could wait around bar while something opened up. They almost seemed to not care to answer. Definitely not polite.
1	I find that Yelp is great for 2 things: finding out about great restaurants that you should try and avoiding terrible restaurants you should avoid at all costs.  This is clearly a case of the latter.  How this place has 4 stars is utterly beyond me.  This is the only place I have ever been I would literally give a 0 star if I could.  Being originally from the northeast, I truly love and appreciate Italian food.  What a disappointment.  While the food was not very good, the service takes this place down to an F-.  This was without a doubt the worst dining experience I have ever had in my entire life.  The majority of the people we interacted with were incredibly rude, to the point where you are just sitting trying to enjoy a nice dinner (an excessively expensive one at that), and you start to feel defensive.  How can you possibly enjoy a dinner in that kind of atmosphere?   On top of that, everything took so long to get right by the time we got our food it was close to closing time.  This lead us to be the last table in the restaurant, trying to finish up while they were closing.  Before we had even finished everything, the manager kindly told us they are a union shop and have strict rules, and we were getting kicked out.  Yes really.  There are so many great restaurants, do yourself a favor and go literally anywhere else!
5	Order the fig flat bread! Also enjoyed the scallops.  I don't know if there's a more enjoyable , consistent place to dine in Vegas!
5	A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!Great ambiance!  Great service! Great food!The marinated olives were a lovely starting point.I ordered the Chilean sea bass and it was great!  I tried my friends steak and it honestly melted in my mouth.  We had two bottles of wine at dinner and both were fabulous.
3	Lunch was pretty good but not awesome.  The beef carpaccio was the best thing we had.  Crab stuffed shrimp was nice but the po' boy was just so-so.  Our real complaint was the $50 corkage fee.  Ridiculous!
4	Fantastic dinner.  Service was excellent the entire evening as well.  We ate with another couple.  The men each got the porterhouse which comes with fried lobster mac n cheese.  The ladies ordered scallops with short ribs and polenta.  This may be the only time in history I consider a scallop dish better than a porterhouse.  It's not that I don't like scallops, but I love steak.  The porterhouses were on the thin side, and had a bit of char on them.  I love a good sear, but this went beyond.  It was like one side was left on the grill a bit too long.  One nice thing in this day and age of a la carte, at Olives the entrees all come with sides.  That was a nice surprise.The scallops were unreal.  Buttery, perfectly cooked.  And, the accompaniments were spot on.   A really good example of a dish coming together.  I was jealous, but fortunately my wife shares, so I got to enjoy quite a bit.As I said, the service was fantastic.  As our server asked if we would like dessert, he informed us we could move to a table out on the patio and watch the fountains.  Our guests are from out of town, so the fountains of Bellagio were a huge draw for them, and one of the reasons we picked Olives.  So, very excited this was available.  I had port, but the other 3 shared a warm cookie dessert with ice cream.  I had a couple bites, the cookies were of excellent quality.  It was an excellent end to a great evening.  Recommended, and order an order of scallops for the table, even if no one gets them.
4	Romantic, but a little loud.  However, a beautiful spot with excellent food and service.
4	Went here for lunch while on my last trip to Vegas. We got there right when it opened which is key to getting a patio table to view the waters show. The food was really quite delicious. My friend and I shared a fig and balsamic flat bread --which was sinfully delicious! I would highly recommend this one if you're a fan of those flavors. For my entree I ordered the ravioli and my friend ordered the carpaccio. She out-ordered me for sure! The carpaccio was not only gorgeous to look at but tasted amazing.  The ravioli was okay but nothing special. I also think it was a tad expensive for what it was, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. There appear to be much better options on the menu here that will blow you away more than the ravioli.
4	Service 5 starsAtmosphere 5 for outside/3 for inside.Food 4 stars.I have a hard time getting used to idea of a 4$ restaurant in the mall.  We were seated in the front, which had an open wall to the mall.  On the other hand, the dining outside looked awesome-do yourself a favor & wait the extra 20 minutes to be seated there.  Fig flatbread was good, crab rissotto great. Large servings.
4	Really enjoyed my experience here.  Came in for lunch.  Had the butter squash ravioli...probably one of the best ravioli I had.  The only missing star is the bread and spread came after our meals were served.
1	The Worst. We made a reservation there more than a month ago for our wedding anniversary trip to LV. We arrived at the appointed time and were asked to wait in line for check in. After 15 minutes, we got to the front of the line and were told 'We are running 90 minutes behind schedule.' Excuse me? How does a restaurant run 90 minutes behind schedule at 8:30 at night. You have to be the worst run restaurant around for that to happen. And whose idea was it to ask us to wait in a line for 15 minutes when someone could have told us straight away about the delay. The staff's only response was to say we could come back in an hour to see how things looked.What's the point of the reservation, Olives??? In the words of Jerry Seinfeld, you know how to TAKE the reservation, you just don't know how to HOLD the reservation.We'll never go back to a Todd English restaurant anywhere. That was absolutely pathetic treatment of a customer.
3	I brought my wife and kid here for Mother's Day. I've been to Olives two or three other times and either I'm getting more difficult to please or their food is going downhill because we left a little disappointed. There are still some good items on the menu like the butternut tortelli. Fresh pasta is always amazing and top it off with a wonderfully rich sauce and you'll swear off those crappy Italian chain restaurants for good. Don't forget that you can order half portions of their pastas if you'd like to sample several dishes.The disappointment started with the beef carpaccio. The serving size is so ridiculously large that it looks unappetizing. There's a huge softball-sized mound under the center of the beef full of greens. The dish is also drowning in sauces that dominate in flavor and all of that wonderful beef flavor is lost. There's just too much going on. The dish is large enough for 4-6 people.The next disappointment was the ribeye special. The overcooked and bland steak had all the appeal of a choice cut, $2.99 special from your local grocer. They really should have been ashamed of serving that dish. It was one of the worst steaks I've had in a long time.On a positive note, the view from the patio is gorgeous! If you can get a seat out there you'll be treated to the Bellagio fountains and one of the better views in the city. It can get really hot out there so go early when dining for lunch or late when dining for dinner. The atmosphere, service, and pasta saved this lunch from being a awful but I'm not sure if I'd bother coming back.
4	Been there many times and had a chance to visit again this week.  Great service, nice beer selection, yummy food.  Only complaint, not a fan of seating so close that you can hear your neighbor's conversation...Overall, a great "go to" you can trust to take customers or have a nice dinner with friends.
4	Fantastic place!!! We got seated right away, they are very polite and always keep your glasses full. Food was amazing and the server was very attentive. The only thing I disliked was how close the tables next to us were but I guess that's what you get in a restaurant in busy Las Vegas!  You can also sit outside but when it's in the 100's -who wants to? Amazing place! Would go back in a heart beat when we're in Vegas again!
4	I come here fairly often for lunch and dinner. I always have a good time here and the food is fantastic. The flatbreads are so yummy. Beef carpaccio is great! Their seabass and scallops here are fantastic. Chicken and steak are pretty good here too. Yeah, I do love Olives.
4	If you are going to eat here, plan ahead so you can wait for the patio.  The atmosphere is just delightful.  I will say the last two trips the hostesses were almost downright rude to us about asking for the patio.  I know they must get the request all day long, but get over it and be nice.  Both times I think we were told it was going to be a 60 minute wait for the patio and both times we had a table within 20 minutes.  Maybe they do that to force people into taking an inside table.  The food had never disappointed us.  The carpaccio is wonderful in my book!  And any of the homemade pastas have been delish!  The short-rib pasta dish is another favorite.The music volume on the patio is an area they could fix.  The restaurant music turns off when the fountain show begins.  And automatically restarts after the show ends.  However, it restarts at a blaring level and staff has to run over and turn it down every single time.  Maybe it was a glitch on our last visit.   Overall, one of my favorite restaurants on the strip.  Not inexpensive by any means, but not as outrageously prices as many.
2	I had been dreaming about a meal at Olives for my first trip to Vegas. We were hoping for a seat on the patio to get a prime view of the fountains at night. No luck - the place was absolutely packed, and even though we made a reservation 2 MONTHS in advance, we were seated in a spot that was cramped next to two other tables and near the waiter station.The food had its ups and downs. I loved the appriopriate bread and olives that were served, and our tuna tartar was seriously amazing. Then,I ordered the fish thinking it would be cooked perfectly in such a fine dining environment. Instead, it was an overcooked and completely underseasoned piece of rubber - I couldn't believe it. Okay, okay, maybe I should have ordered something safer, but this is Olives for goodness' sake! Everything should be safe, especially at $40 an entree. I was extremely disappointed and we mentioned something to our waiter at the end of the meal. I left in a sour mood after wasting that money on what I thought was a guaranteed to be perfect meal.
3	Good food and service but wanted a nice dinner. in a restaurant where I feel like I'm eating with the people next to me we are so close, I didn't enjoy the atmosphere as we couldn't even hear our own conversation. Pretty to see the fountains but if I'm gonna pay that kind of money, I want the matching ambiance not the feeling of being packed in for monetary ends
4	Came here because of a recommendation from a friend while staying in Las Vegas and had a Greek salad with grilled chicken. The waiter was excellent, very friendly and personable. My salad was good, I just wasn't really "wowed" by anything we had in particular. I would happily return there for lunch on my next weekend getaway in Vegas !
4	I came here Memorial Day weekend on a trip to Vegas with my girlfriends. First of all, we called the day of  to push back our Saturday night reservation a few hours, and they were accommodating. However we showed up about 40 minutes late anyways and didn't expect to still be able to get a table since they were booked solid. The hostess said she would do her best to get us a table or we could eat at the bar. We waited about 30 min and she was able to seat us at a table. We felt very lucky and were appreciative of her efforts.We each ordered cocktails and each one was wonderful. They give you an ipad with the drink menu, which is a fun and useful incorporation of technology. I had a ginger one, which had a marvelous rich ginger flavor. It was the favorite among the group. I order a lot of ginger-y cocktails and this is the best one yet! For an appetizer my friends and I shared the beef carpaccio. I have never ordered this dish before, but it was outstanding. My foodie friend informed me that the beef was the perfect quality and it was likely the best she had. It cost about $20 and it was worth it. Great for sharing!I ordered the scallops for my main course. They were buttery and delicious on a bed of perfectly creamy mashed potatoes. Possibly the best I have had and worth the price of $42. My friends ordered the prime beef tenderloin which came with a crab cake ($52) and the mushroom pappardelle ($32). The tenderloin and crab cake were very tasty, but we spent some time debating whether it was worth the high price. Neither the beef nor the crab cake were particularly special or prepared in a difficult way, although they were definitely better than average. The crab cake was my favorite part, probably because I love crab. Additionally, the pappardelle was good, but also not outstanding. We were too full to order dessert.The service and ambience of the restaurant was lovely. Not so dark you can't read or see each other, but dark enough to have a relaxing, romantic atmosphere. They serve three types of bread (chocolate walnut, foccacia, and a cheese crisp) with olives and olive tapenade. We enjoyed quite a bit of these. When our meal was winding down, the man who served our bread/bused our table informed us to keep an eye out for interesting people. He would not tell us who. We hoped to spot some celebrity entering the restaurant after this comment, but were unsuccessful. Overall, I really enjoyed the food and service at Olives. I give it three stars instead of four because some of the dishes did not exceed our expectations as we had hoped, but many did. If my family or friends were to visit Vegas, I would recommend this restaurant to them.
4	Reservations are strongly advised!  This place was packed, even at 10pm on a Sunday night on memorial day weekend.  If you come here for dinner, you MUST dine on the terrace at night to get an unobstructed view of he Bellagio Fountains and the vegas strip.  Unfortunately, you can only request the terrace once you check in and will most likely be placed on a wait list.  If this happens, go play some blackjack or craps, because it is worth the extra wait time.  The food was good, but not outstanding.  My husband and I shared a salad, sausage flatbread, and their ravioli with lobster.  I have to admit, the ravioli dish was delicious and different - somewhat sweet with corn essence.  It was also made with fresh spring peas which I am always a sucker for.  Anyway, I highly recommend this dish!  Overall, food was good and the view is AMAZING!!
5	We were on our way to dinner and stopped here for a quick drink.  I am a huge fan of blue cheese stuffed olives - I'm very particular when it comes to them because they really make or break the martini.  Todd English does not dissapoint.  They have the most amazing blue cheese stuffed olives that are served on a sprig of rosemary!  Talk about delicious is a Hendrick's gin martini!  Mmmmmm!  We plan to come here for dinner our next time in Vegas.  Great views of the Bellagio fountains!
3	The food is good, not great and the view is amazing. I've been here twice and both times thought the staff was not that friendly but they do a good job.  The ladies at the host station aren't very welcoming and when I tried to get a reservation for my group of seven last night they acted like I was stupid and inconveniencing them. Gave me a bad feeling and I probably won't go back but overall it's a good place to eat if you want an amazing view.
5	Made dinner reservations for my bffs bachelorette and we got there exactly at the time of the reservation and they sat us right away. We sat next to the window with the beautiful view of the fountains that went off every few minutes. It was beautiful and the future bride almost cried, it's gorgeous at night. The food was amazing! I ordered the free ranged chicken and tried my friends salmon dish...btw it was the best salmon I've had in my life! Olives is a great restaurant and I am pretty sure I will be eating there next time!
4	This is my second time coming here for lunch and it was delicious!Todd English Olives is located across from Tiffany's and really close to the side Valet.  Super easy in & out!We sat our on the patio, when it was like 90-100 degrees.  There weren't any misters on yet and the fountains NEVER went off during our entire hour+ lunch.  Kind of a bummer.Service was pretty good.  The server forgot my guests drink twice, but it was quickly replenished when we brought it up.I ordered:Chilled Crab Saladmixed greens, asparagus, shaved fennel, cucumber, roma tomato, red onion,mandarin segments, red pepper coulis, champagne vinaigrette.....$17*It was perfect for a super hot day!My guest ordered a flatbread and really enjoyed it.I also ordered a flavored iced tea that was really good (maybe it was peach?)I would definitely come back here- very good for a business lunch!
3	My husband & I choose this place for one of our dinners while on a weekend trip to Las Vegas to celebrate our anniversary. Made our reservations in advance via Yelp. Honestly, it was mostly for the terrace view of the fountains. I'd been here years ago with my sister for a birthday for lunch & had recalled the view. We were not disappointed, we got a great table.  So for the view I would have given the restaurant 5 stars, but...We shared the grilled squid & octopus appetizer which was tasty & the seafood was cooked very well, but it consisted mostly of chickpeas! Almost should have called it a chickpea appetizer.   For our main dishes we shared a fiery sausage flat bread & sea scallops.  The flat bread pizza, although good, was not what we expected from the "fiery" description. Sausage was quite bland, but carmelized onions & herbed cheese was good. Now the scallops were delicious!  They were cooked perfectly & very yummy. So overall I'd have given Olive's for the view & the food 4 stars, but..Servers were all very nice, but we did seem to have an issue with getting our main entrees.  I know this is a kitchen issue & not our waitresses fault.  People all around us were served & were eating yet we weren't until my husband asked about our meal.  Since we didn't order anything that seemed extremely complex, why did it take longer?  So taking view, food & service into consideration, I could only come up with 3 stars for the whole experience. We'd still go again, though!  Those fountains are pretty cool!!
5	One of two of my favorite restaurants in Vegas and a must stop every time I go (a couple times a year at least).  The patio is magnificent if you go there in slightly cooler times of the year like Oct or November or in the Spring before it gets too hot, and worth the wait if you have to. My other favorite restaurant in Vegas is the Thai restaurant in Aria named Lemongrass.  If you like Thai, check that one out too.
4	Butternut SquashSlidersA must!Some good flavors, some not so good ex: Ceasar's Salad and tomato Basil mediocre.
4	I always look forward to come to Olives when I come to Vegas. It is somewhere you definitely need to make reservations or else you prob gonna have to wait. I never tried it for dinner but lunch is good and inexpensive. Service is usually good. They usually have lunch specials and I usually get that but i guess it depends on what pasta lunch special they have. Their pastas are really good because it's hand toss/house made. I also really recommend sharing a beef capraccio with a friend which is SUPER GOOD. There are like stuffing inside the middle of the plate and kind of a salad. I don't really like the stuffing but besides that It is super good. I recommend anybody coming here for lunch(never tried dinner) when they're in vegas.
5	Carpaccio is great. Sea bass is a game changer.  Make reservations!
5	Really enjoyed the food and service.  The restaurant is in the Bellagio and you can either eat or step onto the balcony and see the fountain dance.  Such a romantic place we saw one guy get on his knee and propose on  the balcony to his girlfriend.  I had a seafood meal with mussles and clams.  Foget the exact name of it, but it was topped with pasta and was wonderful  I usually am disappointed with those kind of meals because most restaurants will throw in a few clams and mussels and call it a meal.  There must have been over a dozen combined steamed shellfish in mine.  Need to make a reservation because they are booked regularly.  We ended up with a late night dinner, around 9:30, but that gave us plenty of time to enjoy the strip.
4	OK, so a restaurant that is perched on the fountain at the Bellagio automatically gets 2 stars; they could have a horrible staff and only serve cow manure and it would get a two.. I mean just plug your nose, sit quiet, and watch the fountain. That being said, despite the obvious benefits of the setting, I wasn't incredibly impressed with this place, especially given that the bar for dining is a little higher in Vegas in general. Don't get me wrong, it was good food, good service, and I have no big complaints... it just didn't WOW me - and who isn't looking to get "wow'ed" in Sin City? With so many amazing places to go in this town, it may be hard to get me to come back here. I would recommend to a Vegas first timer who wants to picture themselves sitting next to Danny Ocean by the fountain after pulling off that big heist - it's a very "Vegas" experience that everyone should have. Not sure I would recommend if you can't get a spot on the patio, though - in that case you're just in a pretty good but pricey Italian restaurant and may as well be in Pittsburgh. Only actual complaint was they couldn't get the speaker volume right on the patio, they must have turned it up then down 5 times in the course of the meal per people's complaints/requests.
2	We were very disappointed with this place. We had an 8:30 reservation and the hostess said she'd be right with us while helping people who didn't have a reservation for 10 minutes. We were informed we'd have to wait until 10:15 to be sat outside, but could sit us at a table next to the window (with two fat people immediately in front of outside blocking the view). Oh well, the interior was super nice, dark and very romantic feeling. Our awesome busser quickly brought us three great kinds of bread, some olive tapenade and Pellegrino quickly. Our pretentious sommelier was quick to assist us, but looked down at my selection (a $125 bottle of Stag's Leap Cabernet). I got the very distinct feeling for some reason, because Im young they thought I didn't have money or something ridiculous.Our waiter dropped off our menu and then seemed to completely forget about us. We finally waved him down and ordered the tuna tartar as non-spicy as possible, the sweet potato gnocchi and the grilled sirloin. The tuna tartar came out pretty quick and was very good. A little too spicy and raw for my date, but I loved it. After that, it took what seemed like forever for our food to arrive. My date loved the sweet potato gnocchi. My steak was cooked to the correct doneness, but per the usual for steakhouses, needed more salt. This, and I had no idea what it was that accompanied my steak. Server was nowhere to be found. I finally flag him down and he explains what was on my plate, but I'm not sure what this was. HAHA... I asked him for salt, but it never came. After 15 minutes or so, I flagged down the busser who hooked it up. We finally got the bill and got our food wrapped up. Place was incredibly overpriced for the service and quality of food is not worth it. Its the same price as Bouchon, so I would recommend anyone in Vegas to go there instead. Oh, all this AND they double charged me. Im still disputing that as we speak...
2	Place has gone down hill.  Total tourist trap for deep wallets and/or suckers.  The ones in NY and Boston are fantastic.  To be fair, service was excellent.  That's about it.  Food was bland at best.
5	Man, I have been here a few times and each time I realize how great it is.  Loved our server, Rick.    It is awesome to sit outside, but don't be attached as there are not that many tables there.  If you get too freaky about that part, it is too bad.  The food is great, the service, love it.  I think it is wasted on some tourists because of the way most Americans eat, isn't that a bitchy thing to say?  But if you live in a city with really great chefs, you should make a reservation here.  A lot of food in Vegas is like a higher end "Olive Garden".   This place is my favorite.
3	Nothing super exciting. To start we ordered the Pina colada martini that was on special but the consistency was way too thick. More like desert than a drink, would not recommend. For food we had the mushroom flatbread, tempura green beans, and shared the salmon entree. The salmon was great....everything else forgettable.
5	I usually go here for a special occasion and it never disappoints. The food is amazing and the staff are so friendly and helpful. I would recommend asking for a table on the patio when possible as you can enjoy the Bellagio fountain show every 15 minutes while you eat. It is a little more expensive but worth it, the atmosphere, the food and the drinks make a visit here very special.So far I would recommend everything that I have tried, which includes the scallops, the sirloin steak and the chicken. The truffle mac and cheese extra is a must have. Cocktails are good value, and they are strong so would really only have one or two. This spot is great whether your with a group or looking for a romantic, intimate meal. (also you can reserve tables online at the Bellagio website, very convenient)
5	This is hands down one of the best places in Vegas.  I felt the need to write this review based on a recent one that stated the carpaccio was bad.  It is one of the best things you will EVER eat!  We order it every time we go to Olives and always wonder at its deliciousness.  The crispy moist polenta cake hiding underneath, pairs perfectly with the cool tender slices of delicious raw sirloin skirted seductively over the huge plate.  The warm cipollini onions dance around the perimeter begging to be adorned with a drizzle of the 2 amazing aiolis showered rapturously from above.  The piquant baby arugula teases the palate giving just a slight bitterness that balances the richness of the dish.  Well, at least we like it... everyone has a different palate! The bartenders here are the best!  We always go and have lunch at the bar with Joe, who has worked here for quite a while... a charming service pro is he.   Other lunch favorites are any of the amazing flatbreads, the squash pasta, or the spinach ricotta ravioli.  We think that the food is exceptional.  Sitting outside to watch the fountains seems to be a priority for most, but we are happy to sit inside at the bar with Joe and enjoy a delightful meal every time. Thanks for some great memories, Olives!  See you soon!
5	The steaks are one of the best!  It's a little bit expensive, but i would say it's worth the money.
4	If you are going here make reservations at night, make them for the patio, so that you can enjoy the fountain. I had high hopes for this place because of all of the great reviews, but the food was just OK.  It wasn't bad, but I was not blown away.
3	It pains me to write a mediocre review for Olives. The balcony seats are beautiful and my wife and I fell in love with Vegas because of our experience the the first time we dined at olives. Unfortunately our second visit did not live up and I'm sad to say that we will probably not be returning to this location. The view does not make up for all of its shortcomings. Let me start with the strong points - view, service, cocktails, and wine list. The food and moderately rude hostess are what don't hold up. -Chilled avocado soup: very bland and uneventful-gazpacho: good... Nice spice but not really any other dimension-lobster wrap pasta: quite good, but at $45 it's really just average- prime filet: slightly overlooked and slightly dry and the sauce was blocked (and soaked up) by the potatoes. Plus you get what tastes to be a frozen crab cake plopped on the side of your plate that tasted a bit funky.Unfortunately, this is when we gave up on this restaurant. I had half my plate thrown away, had our $150 bottle of wine corked, and disenchantingly requested our check. I mentioned some of the meals shortcomings to the waiter the end of the meal (my mistake for waiting) and made it clear I was not looking for discounts... I just wanted to pass on the feedback since it was a family favorite and we had such great memories from our first time here. Unfortunately I don't think the feedback was understood (probably just pegged us as a young couple that doesn't know what good dining really is), but the waiter did graciously reduce the bill (slightly)This was our last meal for our Vegas trip and unfortunately it was the worst. I'm left frustrated that I still don't have a proper steak to pair with the beautiful wine that remains on my counter
5	Amazing brunch here yesterday, Tuna Carpaccio, seared Sea Scallops, and stuffed Prawns were our choices along with Bloody Marys, Chablis, and Espresso Martinis = HEAVEN. Service was excellent as well as the views of the water show. It is a must visit.
1	I really don't get all the great reviews this place had received...1) Good luck getting in if you don't have a reservation.2) Greek salad was good, pretty hard to ruin a Greek salad.3) Gnocchi with shredded chicken - not good at all, was more like a soup, too much liquid. gnocchi were pasty...4) Roasted Free Range Chicken - not good at all. Dry, flavorless, chicken, potato cake that it was served on was mushy, garlic green beans were too salty.Real disappointment for what is touted to be a mid / high end Las Vegas restaurant.Better off going elsewhere.
4	Yes, it was hard to get seated, so we sat at the bar, which was fine.  The bartenders are great and we got really good info on places to go to and places to avoid.  They didn't steer us wrong.  The food was great and the atmosphere was great.  we will go back next time in Vegas.
4	I'm going to try to make this as simple as possible :) ***********Pros***************The starter bread was great with the delicious spread given. There were two olive puree dips and whole unpitted Olives....I put that on even my main entree!(Photo Provided)They have cool touchscreen menus!!(Photo Provided)Our waiter was very kind and prompt! I wish i remembered his name to write it here. The meal we ordered was Tuna Tartare (Excellent!), Beef Carappachio (Well Made and Yummy for my first time trying it) and Prime Tenderloin w/ Tempura Asparagus and Crab Cakes (Most interesting  and  Taste was GREAT overall). I've never had big slices of onions carmelized inside the mashed potatoes before which were Awesome!  (Photo Provided)The presentation of their cocktails were most delicious looking. I ordered the Pineapple Doli was absolutely delicious! The foam on top reminded me  a lil' of the Dole Whip Factory from my previously visit to Oahu, HI. (Photo Provided)The only mentioned that we were celebrating our First Anniversary was on Opentable.com, I wasn't sure if they got the message but the end of our meal they were soo kind enough to bring us a creme puff dessert with "Happy Anniversary" handwritten perfectly in chocolate to enjoy! That was seriously the highlight of our wonderful experience here! (Photo Provided)************Cons:***************They have tables indoors and outdoors with the view of the  Bellagio Fountain Show. We made reservations for 5:15pm  (restaurant opens at 5pm) requesting this but a couple SERIOUSLY ONE minute before us got this special view table! DARNN!!!  Oh well.....If you guys want an amazing view table, you should definately try the outdoors ones available. It was 115 degrees this weekend so No thank you for us this time. Not the restaurant's fault at all......(Photo Provided)My Prime Tenderloin wasn't cooked to the "Medium Rare" as requested, but more Medium more.Just two small cons....I count those as not so important overall!!
5	We went to Olives on our last night in Vegas.  We were lucky enough to get a table outside without a reservation.  It seemed to be first come, first served, and we were there at about 20 mins before the restaurant opened, second in line.  Wooo perfect timing!The view was amazing.  Although, be warned that if the winds are high, then you might get a bit of spray from the fountains.The food was the best I've ever had in Vegas, and I've done my fair share of eating there!   They bring out an assortment of breads and spreads, and olives.  Super tasty.We got an appetizer, the special that night was a heirloom tomato salad.  It was huge, definitely enough to share for 2 people.  I had the salmon for dinner, and wow.  It was cooked perfectly!Definitely want to make another stop back through here when we go back to Vegas next.
5	Had a lovely birthday dinner here with my husband and friends.  We made reservations for 7pm.  Seated right away.  Sometimes at fancier restaurants you aren't seated immediately even though you have reservations.  They brought us out to the patio that overlooked the fountains. It was great to see the dancing fountains throughout dinner.  What a fantastic place for dinner!  Even though it was July, the sun was just going down and it was pretty comfortable outside.  I know I usually don't dine at places like this except for special occasions, but they brought out the drink menu on an iPad!  I was impressed.  You just tap on the mixed drink and it would tell you what the ingredients were.  It was great to see technology making it's way into menus.  (Plus I love apple products)We ordered from the Prix Fixe menu.  This runs $55 per person and $20 more if you'd like the wine paring.  I started with the grilled shrimp skewers and pineapple salad.  Absolutely delightful!  The salad was so light and refreshing.  The shrimp had a fabulous flavor that definitely hit the spot!My entree was the gilled Alaskan Halibut over mushrooms with fennel potatoes.  OH MY GOSH!  Very delicious! So far my bday dinner was perfect!For dessert I had the pineapple lime cake with coconut ice cream.  Not too sweet and very light cake.  A great treat for the end of my meal...  or so I thought!For my birthday they brought out 4 cream puffs drizzled in chocolate with Happy Birthday written on the plate.  They were incredible!  And yes I shared...  :-)
4	We like Olives for lunch -- usually you can walk in & be seated.  Check to see if you can sit outside, but it was 122' when we were there in early July, so inside was just lovely.Love, love, love the Beef Carpaccio.  Enough to share for lunch with the bread & olive spread & tapenade.  Great wine by the glass selection.  Love the iPad wine list.Easy repeat for me.
4	We had a lovely lunch overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  The cauliflower flatbread pizza was full of great flavor and perfect for lunch.  My husband highly enjoyed his grilled squid and octopus with chickpeas, which was impressive since he is not a huge chickpeas fan.  Nice wine list too.
2	Went for anniversary with wife. Apps were great...octopus and beef carpaccio...great flavor and great portions. Rest of the meal was bland and lacked punch. It was like all of commonly ordered items...flatbreads, pastas and steaks...were dumbed down for the tourist masses. Not the bold flavors expected of a celebrity chef. Service lacked focus...they were too focused on turning tables and paced the courses accordingly.
4	the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains are worth every penny
4	Excellent service, very nice decor. Nice olives and tapanade for our fresh breads and delicious flatbread. Creamy avocado soup and lobster mousse was delicious.  Chilean sea bass cooked to perfection and the pineapple cake and coconut ice cream was yummy.
4	We had made a reservation for 9:15 here because we wanted a seat outside with a view of the fountain show....... It decided to rain, so they closed the outside :( anyways they accommodated us to a table closest to the glass wall so that we can see the show :) The drink menu was on an iPad which I thought was pretty cool! I was recommended to have the 'Slingback' martini.... I loved it! As soon as a finished my first, I ordered another one. We ordered the squid and octopus and the chicken and sausage flatbread. Both things were okay, my friend said that the squid and octopus should've came with bread or something for dipping since it looked more like a soup than anything else. Overall, the atmosphere was really nice and the view was beautiful.
4	Very solid meal here. The complimentary bread and spreads were very tasty. Fig prosciutto flatbread (4 stars): very tasty and savory Chilean Sea Bass (4 stars): the corn pudding on the side added a pleasant sweet note to the dish
4	My wife and I make it a point to eat at Olives when we are in Vegas. We must have dined at Olives at least a dozen or so times.  We start with a class of Prosecco and The Fig Prosciutto flatbread. A fantastic way to start the meal! When I entertain clients  Olives is my "go to" restaurant. Last October we took some friends to Olives and they agreed it's a great dinner. The service is usually excellent . . . except this time. My wife and I ate there Tuesday, 7/23 and our waiter was okay. A couple times we had to hunt him down to get something. I had ordered the Maytag Martini. (Next time your in the mood for some great blue cheese try Maytag!) The martini arrived with pimento stuffed olives instead of Maytag. When I pointed it out to the waiter he brought over a couple of Maytag stuffed olives on a napkin rather than have the drink remade correctly. He then disappeared until after we had finished our dinner. On their comment card I had written out what happened and asked the hostess to give the card to the manager on duty. I then saw her hand the comment card to the waiter who stuffed it in his back pocket. So far we haven't heard from Olives so I suspect he just trashed the comment card.We are hopeful that the service on our last visit just means they have a bad apple on their wait staff. We'll give them another chance, fingers crossed. As I said, previously Olives has always been very good.
5	ABSOLUTLY AMAZING!! My partner and I went in for our 5th year anniversary/marriage proposal and Nicole/Daniella/Joel(server) were outstanding!! They assisted us in making a night to remember. They all went out of their busy way to make our night a special one and they definately did. The food was amazing as well, prime beef tenderloin was so tender I didn't even need the steak knife and scallops was cooked perfectly. Decor was great, very comfortable and patio seating was great. We will return for more great memories.
5	Awesome restaurant at Bellagio!!! Came here for lunch hoping to have some foie gras based on the reviews I read, but was told that they only serve it for dinner. While being seated the server told us that the chef was willing to accommodate us and serve us foie gras for lunch. Perfectly prepared and very good foie gras. We also got beef carpaccio which was very fresh and a very large portion. The prosciutto and fig flat bread was also wonderful.The least remarkable but good dish was the squid and octopus. The table we got overlooked the fountains. Great overall service, atmosphere and most importantly food.
5	I love this place.  I've been here 3 different times now; the last one being on my birthday with a group of friends.  The food is always fabulous, esp the carpaccio (which I order every time to share), but even better is the service!  Our server even brought out a birthday plate of profiterales for me :)  The rest of my party on my last visit ordered everything from scallops to flatbread and all were raved about.  Try to get a table outside, of course, because you can watch the fountain show while you dine.  Love it!
1	We went to Olive's last night for dinner and hands down it was one of the worst meals that I have ever had in my life.  I ordered the Halibut (which I requested to be cooked well done). My green beans were limp and over cooked.  The "potato cake" that was to be served with it was luke warm and had pieces that were so hard and burned you could choke on it.  The food was totally disgusting!!!  The only good thing that they served us was the bread and bottled water.  You could obviously tell that they had microwaved our meal as it came out within 5 minutes of ordering.  I am so mad that we spent over $100 on that nonsense for two people.  Absolutely ridiculous.  The only reason this place gets a one-star is because of the Fountain show which of course as you know I could have watched from the side walk.  Ugh, never to return to this place ever!!!!!
1	I wasn't very hungry so had the beef carpaccio. My god what a mess!  Unfortunately the chef has taken a classic, simple, delicious Italian staple and tried to turn it into a Vegas extravaganza but got 'un disastro' by covering great quality beef with a slime of sauces.  Underneath this Pollockesque creation lies a few greens on a cube of fried polenta. Oh it pretends to be Italian so lets chuck a bit of polenta in somewhere.
5	I have eaten here several times and I always get the steak and if they have octopus on  the menu I'm all over it.
4	The food was ok, I enjoyed the experience and the service was vexcellent.  Our server's name was Paul.  We had the beef carpaccio appetizer and grilled squid appetizer.  The squid was ok, and the beef was good.  The beef carpaccio was a huge appetizer.  Overall the experience was amazing because of the service and we sat outside with a front row seat for the fountains.
3	Pretty scenery, sat outside to watch the fountains but it was hot and humid! Service was not up to par with other Bellagio restaurants, pretty slow. Had to remind them to refill waters several times, and waited an hour for our lunch to be served!
5	This place has 5 star service and 5 star food!I ordered the Free Range Chicken, soooo good! I ate 3/4th of my meal already but i noticed my chicken breast came out really dry. I let them know and they made a new one for me, within like 5 mins they plated a  new one on its own, and cooked perfectly. During the appetizers I couldn't eat the bread so they brought me a side of carrots and cucumbers so I can enjoy the olive dip. Get CHRIS as your server he's bitchin!!
3	The food was pretty good. The service was not so good.Sit outside for sure, if you are there when its warm enough. It is a great view of the Bellagio fountain show that goes every 15 minutes at night.We had a reservation around 8pm. We decided that we wanted to sit outside, so we put our names in and were told to come back in about an hour. (It was about 90 degrees outside, in the middle of August, but it was bearable.)Super slow service.They give you an iPad to view the drink menu, and it was super tricky to navigate. It's kind of a cool idea, but wasn't working well.Fun experience but won't be going back.
4	I had the shrimp stuffed crab. Truffle fries good. Sorbet was great. Service was great. Was going to sit outside, but it was to hot. Otherwise good !
5	I'll be honest - I was not expecting much from Olives. I realize its allure of being next to the Bellagio fountains puts it quite high on people's lists, but for some reason I was thinking, "Maybe that's the ONLY reason people come here." I had doubts about quality of food, service, etc. I was proven wrong.** Review is for LVRW2013 Menu **My friend and I made a reservation for Olives at 11:30 AM on Wednesday during Restaurant Week. When we arrived the restaurant was just about empty with only a few patrons. It helps to get there before the true lunch rush, as you can spend a majority of your dining time without other tables seated around you.The interior of Olives is pleasing, classy, nothing over the top. The chairs and tables are clean, minimalist, and yet, classic. I cannot say anything about the outside by the fountains, because being that it has been muggy and humid in Vegas my friend and I chose to dine inside.Our server was immaculate, courteous, and I could tell he enjoyed working there. He was also extremely willing to go out of his way for us (more on that later).Let's get into the meat of the matter, the food.Foie Gras - The foie gras is not on the lunch menu as my friend and I came to find out as we looked for it to no avail. We inquired, and our server, seeing as we were quite interested in having the plate, very kindly asked the chef if it would be possible for us to have a plate of the foie gras. Lucky for us, the chef was willing to oblige, which I must say I am very thankful for because the presentation and tastes of this foie gras was superior to many I have had in the past. Ours was prepared just perfectly seared, with a jam/compote of peaches and a bit of apples underneath. It was magnificent, and slightly different from the dinner option. LVRW StartersI had the Caprese Tart (flatbread) for my starter, and it is BIG. Much bigger than I was expecting. It is presented on what looks to be a wooden cutting board (or more likely what they take it out of the oven with). This particular menu item I believe is only on the RW2013 menu as I searched the website and it was not on their online menu. Never the less it was crispy perfect, the cheese and tomatoes were melded together and it was not overly indulgent. My main meal was the Grilled Skirt Steak (medium well), although I thought the meat was more on the medium side. The grilling process they use here made the meat have quite a crispy exterior and a barely-cooked inside. It wasn't bloody, but it was on the verge. Fortunately I like my meat either way and rarely send back steak unless it is moo'ing at me. Meat was somewhat tough, but still good. I just was not a fan of the charred taste on the outside. It came with an extremely hearty sausage mashed potatoes (delicious! but almost too much!), and probably THE BEST brussel sprouts I have ever eaten! Just absolutely mouth watering. Who says that about brussel sprouts?Last, a trio of fresh sorbets to end my meal. Dainty, yet fruity, with frozen strawberries, raspberries, and blueberries. A perfect end to my meal. Overall I would absolutely go back to Olives. The food and service exceeded my expectations greatly. Much respect to this restaurant, they are living up to their name and their prices.
4	Restaurant Week Meal #7 (Lunch for $30.13):Appetizer: Cantaloupe Soup OR Portabello Piccata OR Caprese TartEntree: Roasted Breast of Chicken OR Lake Superior Whitefish OR Grilled Skirt SteakDessert: Coconut Caramel Cake OR Seasonal Sorbet TrioSince I was already getting the steak, my friend opted to get a burger and truffle fries instead of doing RW. I was asked if I've tried Olives before and I haven't...we had bread service and that's when I realized why I haven't been here - I'm allergic to olives! Too late, we already placed our order.Cantaloupe Soup:With almonds and minted creme fraiche. I like cantaloupe so this was an easy choice plus, it's different. A nice, cool and refreshing soup. It's lightly salted so it's not like eating dessert. It's best eaten with a spoon which the server didn't give me. 4/5Grilled Skirt Steak:Came with Italian sausage mashed potatoes, roasted Brussels sprouts, Pinot Noir reduction topped with watercress salad. I love steak but this one was not that good especially if they don't give you a steak knife. 3.5/5Coconut Caramel Cake:Came with chocolate malt ice cream and coconut brittle. I'm not a fan of coconut but I was not in the mood for sorbet either.  The ice cream was very good. The cake was like a deconstructed macaroon. Not too bad. 4/5Olive's Burger and Truffle Fries:Dressings on the side: pickles, tomatoes and onions. This usually comes with Parmesan Fries but my friend got it substituted with Truffle Fries. His first burger was cooked medium-well...and dry so he sent it back.  The second burger was perfectly medium-rare. Tasty and juicy. The fries were perfect! 4.5/5Despite the utensil snafu, Olives has good things going on.  The burger and truffle fries...yum! They have a nice view of the Miracle Mile and the Fountains of Bellagio if you sit at the patio. There are birds waiting for a free meal but they're not pesky.
5	Ate here at 08/21/13 - Wednesday evening. Our reservation was for 7:30pm. We got there and requested a table on the outside patio and were seated after only a 5 minute wait. The table wasn't at the front of the patio unfortunately and was quite far back but to say we were seated almost immediately I was in no position to complain. We still managed to have a lovely (if not fairly obscured) view of the strip and bellagio fountains. I managed to walk up to the front to get a bit closer before paying the bill and I got a good view and some nice pictures. The food it's self was delicious. My friend and I ordered the beef carpaccio to start with and we shared it, the portion was very large for a starter and the taste was amazing. Then for main course we also both ordered the butternut squash ravioli. This also was impeccable in taste. The portion size wasn't enormous but it was enough to say we had a fairly large starter, I left a couple of pieces of pasta as I was so full and couldn't manage any more. I wish I could have managed dessert as I can imagine it would be just as delicious as the other two courses but we just couldn't eat any more. I suppose it didn't help that we started our meal not very hungry initially from having a huge lunch also.We also ordered two strawberry cheesecake cocktails and they were lovely, nice and strong! The service was ok. Just ok. Nothing spectacular and our waiter was fairly odd, attentive but with a slight air of arrogance?? We still left a generous tip though because we had an overall pleasant experience.I would return here in a heartbeat. Great view, even better food!
4	Sit outdoors on the patio and have a great dinner with view of the fountains!
3	I was super excited about eating here! I have heard nothing but good things about this place...My girlfriends and I went here for a fancy dinner and i knew the prices were going to be pricey, but I don't mind paying a lot as long as the food is worth it and good.I got:-Beef carpaccio: This thing is huge and really good. It was actually my first time trying beef carpaccio so I don't really have anywhere else to compare to, but it was good!-Scallops: Our waiter recommended this dish so I got it. The scallops were very fishy smelling and tasting. So i did not like it too much.I was not super wow'd by anything. I sampled all my gf's dishes and some were better than others. I am glad I tried this place though. We were seated at the table with an excellent view of the Bellagio water fountain thing and service was good.
5	one of my favorite restaurants EVER.  quality: ****everything was cooked perfectly.  the only dish that i've ever had there that was disappointing was their lamb appetizer.  Their Foie Gras appetizer was delicious!  It was honestly better than the foie that I got from Picasso (in the Bellagio) Hands down best Foie.  Best fig and prosciutto flat bread EVERquantity: ****HUGE portions.  Becareful of what you order Price: ****Amazing price for the quality, portion size , ambiance and service. One of THE best deals / restaurants on the strip. we can usually get an appetizer and two entrees for under $100Things I've tried:Prosciutto and fig flat bread ****lamb appetizer**Foie Gras appetizer ****scallops *** (great but not out of this world good)salmon***(same as above)
5	I went here last night at 7 and was seated next to the window with a beautiful view of the water show. Unfortunately it was drizzling a bit so the outside patio was closed. We had a complimentary bread basket with tapenade spread. It was all delicious. I had a martini, the side car that was made of grey goose and passion fruit. It was amazing and strong. I had the sea scallops with extremely creamy mashed potatoes. Our server was great, the atmosphere was great, my food was great, and my drink was the best. I will come here again!
4	Restaurant Week Lunch!Buuuuut I got distracted by the Olives burger with Truffle Cheese and Truffle Fries!  Woops lol...at least I was able to sample off it!To start, the Complimentary bread. Good stuff in here, but it's amazing with the fresh olive spread!  Before coming here, I've never had enjoyable olives...just not my thing I guess, but I enjoyed most of these very much!  Yum :DFirst course, Cantaloupe Soup: Almonds and Minted Creme Fraiche. I like cantaloupe, but not really in soup form. Not overly sweet though, just not for me.Second course, Grilled Skirt Steak: Italian Sausage Mashed Potatoes, Roasted Brussels Sprouts, and Pinot Noir Reduction with Watercress. This was good, but not a very tender cut in the first place. I really enjoyed the mashed potatoes with the sausage inside though! And for me, Olives Burger ($21): Truffle Cheese, Caramelized Red Onions, and Truffle Fries (+$3). First burger came out MW, sent it back and got a perfect MR. Initial juices pour out front/back, truffle cheese has a tasty bite, and the caramelized onions added a nice crunch! The truffle fries were very good, with lots of truffle oil.  One of the better burgers you will find in Vegas!And to finish, Coconut Caramel Cake: Chocolate Malt Ice Cream and Coconut Brittle. Yummy! Imagine a coconut macaroon cake with a rich chocolate ice cream on top.  MmmmMmm good :)We sat outside to enjoy the view and Bellagio fountains, but the fountains weren't working that day! Would have been a great view of them at the patio tables. Loved all the little birds flying around, looking for snacks.  They weren't pestering though, and added a nice touch to the beautiful day.Service was a little off...soup got served without a spoon.  Waters went empty couple times, and my first burger was overcooked, but overall my experience was good, and the burger and fries were great!Pics :
5	No better flatbread and infused Vodka on the planet.  There other items are also amazing.  We just continue going back to sit at the bar with great bar tenders and amazing service at the bar.  Just a fun and bright place in LV.  We go back there for late lunch or dinner almost everytime we are there...   Always fun, and always great service.  You really should have reservations for dinner - otherwise you will have a long wait.  However, the bar is greatness.  Enjoy!
4	Phenomenal beer list, and the food is ... well what you would expect from Todd English.  Love the sliders, the wings during happy hour were good, really have never had a bad meal here.
5	Really good food but all the food is good at this hotel. What wowed me is the host staff. They had my party of 16 sat in a minute or two and even sat us in a lovely area of the restaurant so we can chat and  relax after walking outside  for a bit in the hot August air. BTW The Gnocchi was REALLY good!
5	Had lunch here today and had a very nice experience. The food was delish and service was great! Even the bread and olives they give you were delicious. We were also given a table outside with a view of the fountains. They gave us a free birthday Dessert as well. Great experience!
4	Great food and flavors and an excellent dining experience. Olive burger was great, very flavorfull and cooked to a perfect mid rare. It was a little busy but did not wait long and received good service. Only dislike was it felt like we were being rushed towards the end of our dining experience. Wasnt offered or asked if we wanted dessert and actually had to ask for dessert menu but definitely worth it.  I will definitely be back...
1	Hands down the worst meal I've had in forever. Shockingly bland. Ridiculously expensive. Todd English should be embarrassed to have his name on what is essentially high priced nursing home food. The focaccia was day old, the Caesar salad begged for seasoning. Instead it came with soggy croutons (really?!!) and underripe tomatoes (who puts tomatoes on their Caesar?!!). Their "signature" dish, the sea bass, was pretty to look at but I question its authenticity. And, again, style over substance defined this tasteless dish. If you want to watch the fountains, go for a drink which are excellent. Or try Mon Ami Gabi. If they haven't messed with the Chicago menu you're guaranteed a delicious meal. But unless your doctor has put you on a bland diet, run, don't walk away from Olive.
5	Our experience at olives was excellent from start to finish. I had a reservation for 5pm (to which I arrived late but got accommodated with no issues!), and was seated outside with the most amazing view to the fountain show. We started around 5:40ish with drinks and let our waitress know we had tickets for O at 7:30. She promised she would keep track of time so we didn't have to and got us out of there with time to spare.Their food all sounded amazing so we had a hard time picking what to eat and once our dinner arrived we were impressed with the presentation and flavor. Def worth going, we will try to go back!
1	We went here to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary primarily on the reputation of the owner - Todd English. Poor choice. Seated in the bar although we requested outdoor seating. Had bar patrons standing over us while dining. Management no where to be found. Server was attentive but spacing between courses was poor. Left to have dessert elsewhere due to length of time to be served and the crowded bar environment.
5	I had a business dinner here and the service was top notch and the carpaccio was one of the most flavorful I've had (but not so over powering that it takes away from the beauty of tasting the beef) Prices were very fair for the quality and service received. If you are lucky enough to get a seat on the patio you can enjoy the view of the Bellagio fountains. I would reccomend the patio on cooler nights as it is very warm to sit outdoors in the summer and early fall.
4	First things first! MAKE RESERVATIONS and if you want to eat on the patio, which you should, come EARLY (10 minutes?) and check in, there will be a line to eat out on the patio (even with reservations).Our reservations were a 5pm (when they open) and we were seating in one of the 4 table on the patio that is along the wall over looking the Bellagio water show. Waiter was excellent, charismatic and honest with helping us choose our meals!! Husband and I shared, with all the eating in Vegas, 2 full meals was just too much! We started with a Caesar was good, but not the best I have ever had. We also enjoyed the basket of complimentary bread, there were 3 kinds served with an olive spread and olives. Our main dish was the chicken with a side of broccoli rabe, VERY flavorful and yummy. We also got aside of the truffle mac and cheese (lacked flavor, but liked the crunchy outside) and tempura green beans.
1	My poor experience at this restaurant started before we even arrived. I called ahead to let them know we had a reservation for 7 people and were coming to celebrate a special event. The woman on the phone (named Nicole) was rude and dismissive. She responded to me with ok?..... as if she was unsure what she was supposed to do with the information. Her rude and condescending tone was frustrating. It should have been an indicator of what the restaurant experience would involve.The waitstaff was mediocre. Doing the bare minimum and never with a pleasant demeanor. The food was average to good, but over priced for the quality. They do have an extensive wine list from which to chose. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone. There are so many other restaurants in Vegas that are delicious and provide exemplary service. Don't waste your time or money here. You can definitely do better.
5	Made an 11am reservation and got there early to guarantee our spot outside overlooking the fountains.  Gorgeous view.  Bread & Tapenade are a nice presentation, and help balance the martini's you should be ordering (they're fantastic).  Having been here before, I ordered the beef carpaccio (app) for my lunch.  It comes on a plate big enough to carve a christmas goose, with a small salad in the middle, highlighted by garlic aioli, scallion cream, balsamic reduction, cipollini onions, and slices of parmesan the size of the cards they use up the hall at the blackjack tables.  Hiding in the middle of the plate is a good sized portion of gorgonzola polenta.  Also enjoyed the Truffle Fries, went well with the gargantuan plate of beef.My wife ordered the Pulled Short Rib, which was outstanding, but maybe a little too rich and over portioned for lunch.  We both picked at it and finished less than 1/2 the plate.Great view (we were there on a Saturday, the fountains start going off at noon), great food.  Service left a little to be desired, but the other two aspects were good enough to make it a non-issue.
2	I wouldn't recommend a carryout order from here. I live apx. 7 miles from Bellagio & that's plenty of time for freshness to hold true. Unfortunately, the proteins were severely undercooked & I felt robbed because there is nothing one can do about there order once they get home. The Salad was good with an abundance of all ingredients. The flat bread was undercooked and soggy. The octopus & squid was disgusting and should have never been sent out of the kitchen. Such a shame... I was so looking forward to my $60 carryout meal & it turned into a $60 salad. I feel taken advantage of. I would like a refund of 2 of 3 dishes.
5	Great service, great food, great view of the Bellagio fountain... no more need be said!
1	My boyfriend and I stumbled across this place after seeing the generally positive Yelp reviews. Unfortunately we did not have a reservation, so we decided to ask the hostess when was the best time to walk-in. The hostess was extremely rude and unhelpful; completely turned me off. Basically kept repeating "uh, you NEED a reservation or else you won't get in". Okay lady, thanks? Way to make your "guests" feel unwelcome. Unacceptable.
5	My Favorite lunch spot in Vegas.  Overlooking the Bellagio Fountains so try to get a seat on the patio!!
3	Not sure what all the fuss is about. It's a medium priced for Las Vegas and very noisy dinning establishment. So loud you can't talk to the people across the table from you. My sea bass was good but not wonderful. Cold in the middle but never could get the servers attention. There was a corn pudding that was cold and smeared on the plate as what appeared to be an afterthought.  My husband said his steak was good but not wonderful. They do give you a nice basket of bread and olive spreads before. With all the restaurants in Las Vegas this is not a hit. It's like a celebrity chef gave it his name and went away and said who cares
4	The highlight of this restaurant is the complimentary bread basket and the olives/tapenade spread. The place is quite loud (hard to hear the people who are sitting across from you) and very crowded (make a reservation ahead of time). The food was just okay for price. Not great, but certainly delicious. The waitstaff were all very friendly and nice (diligent about refilling waters and iced teas).
5	Love it, love it, love it!  Favorite spot in Vegas.  Try a Tiffany martini and the beef carpaccio.  Osso busco is my all time fav dinner.
4	We snuck away and had lunch here on a Saturday at noon, without needing a reservation. The staff were pleasant and efficient...nothing extraordinary, but nice and capable. We all shared several plates, including the beef carpaccio, the mushroom flatbread and the butternut squash pasta...all three were raved about and devoured!!! Along with the crispy flat bread and the tapenade, a fantastic lunch. We may even sneak back today and repeat with the same choices. ;-)
4	Awwww Yelper's! Ya'll are letting me down! I'm sad to say that I was disappointed in the food here but the drinks here were SUPERB.For the price of dinner, I felt that Olives really could have done better. I had the rib-eye which was yummy but totally didn't understand the potato chip garnish, really??Secondly, the mushroom risotto is not mushroom risotto but mushroom FLAVORED extra watery rice, I was not a fan.The servers, drinks, and location are fabulous which is what lead me to my four star review.
1	I was looking forward to eating at Olives.  It always looked so busy, and it has a prime location.  But other than very nice ambiance and a decent Caesar salad, that's essentially all the positive things I can possibly say about Olives.I ordered the rib eye medium rare, it arrived medium rare and had no flavor whatsoever.  My friend ordered the NY steak medium, it arrived almost well-done and had no flavor.  The sides we ordered -- mac n cheese and mushroom risotto -- arrived almost 10 minutes after the entrees arrived.  In fact, they arrived after we returned the entrees!  But that was just the start.  The mushroom risotto isn't a mushroom risotto.  It's actually a mushroom porridge.  The consistency was all wrong.  And it looked disgusting.  But it had great flavor.  The mac n cheese arrived as 2 triangles.  It was more a mac n cheese cake.  I've had friend mac n cheese at other places before, but this was odd.  And even with the truffles, the flavor just didn't do it any favors.The 2nd entrees arrived -- the NY Steak was still almost well done.  THe ribeye was better flavored on one side  and simply over salty on the other side of the steak, so salty that I just decided to skip the other half of the steak.We were incredibly frustrated with the dinner, at this point, but curiosity got the better of me.  Just how badly could this restaurant make dessert??  We ordered the S'mores panna cotta.  It was a pretty good dessert, but it was nothing to really write home about.I had kicked around the idea of the chocolate souffle, but I would have been tempting fate.  A *real* restaurant would have suggested if we were interested in the chocolate souffle, that we should put the order in prior to ordering the meal.That being said, the staff was friendly.  The manager did check in on us after the 2nd entree arrive, and after discovering that one of the entrees was still not done properly, we were comped the price of that entree.For almost $300, including the price of a bottle of Duckhorn, there are far better restaurants in Las Vegas -- even some with great views too.Don't bother with this place  Besides, Bellagio is shutting Olives down in 2014.  And it can't come soon enough. Anyone with a half decent palate shouldn't bother with this place.
4	In the Bellagio hotel. I made reservation through Yelp for 7:30 amd even though there was a crowd at the door we were seated on time. Reservations a must here. Well made Martinis good wine selection. I had the Scallops which can be hard to cook just right but these were the best I have ever had. Great view of the fountains if you sit outside or by the window. Nice olive pate and olives served with crisp flat bread upon seating.
3	Had lunch here with co-workers. Good ambiance, but the food was just OK. I had the crab stuffed shrimp which weren't bad but nothing to write home about. Service was also on the mediocre side. However, the flatbreads looked pretty good, though I didn't try them....
5	Service was good, Scenery is fantastic (Bellagio Water Show), Decor is elegant. Drinks we're good AND strong. I felt for the price the food could've been more flavorful and appetizing, but it definitely isn't bad, I just had high expectations. But Overall, I enjoyed my evening here.
4	Was not a fan of the beef carpaccio that most reviews raved about, but the grilled octopus and squid was a great dish.  However, the MUST try dish was the Manila Clams with pasta.  Wow, the fresh pasta made this dish.  I'm still dreaming of this dish as I'm writing this review.  They also have a great selection of wines, which was a big plus.  The service was just meh.  Could be better and more attentive for an upscale restaurant.  Overall it was a nice experience.
4	After a failed attempt during my last trip here I finally was able to give Olives a try. Hubs and I had lunch outside overlooking the fountains. I ordered the crab pasta off the special menu of the day ($25.) Hubs ordered the crab stuffed prawns scampi ($26.) We shared a mixed greens salad ($14.) Total without gratuity was $70.27.We devoured the complimentary bread basket with spreads and olives. The assorted bread was great I was in carb heaven, the cheese crisp was good and the spreads were delicious on the fresh bread. Our entrees took about 30 minutes and was served all together. I thought the salad would be served first. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the crab meat was sweet. The portion was perfect almost too much pasta (and that is being said by an Italian) Hubs enjoyed the stuffed prawns. He said it was probably the best meal during our trip. The mixed green salad was just okay nothing exciting nor memorable. Service was wonderful. Our waitress was attentive and friendly. The water glasses were always full and they remove the plates after both of us were finished. I couldn't have asked for much more it was a nice meal outside with beautiful surroundings and perfect weather with Hubs.
5	Excellent food!  I really enjoyed it!  The service was also excellent!
1	Olives was recommended to me by a fellow passenger on a recent business trip. I was so excited to take my husband there during our recent trip to Vegas. It was a perfect day, as we arrived right at opening time. Upon approaching to get seated, the hostess just stood there staring at us, and never properly greeted us. It was so awkward that I had to speak up and say, "We'd like a table for two, preferably on the balcony". She never once said a word to us. We should've left then and there, but I was starving. From the point at which we were seated by another hostess, things improved. The fountain show and coordinated music were awesome. I ordered the pasta dish with sweet Italian sausage, while hubby ordered the Salmon. I definitely enjoyed my meal more than hubby. But I must say, we will never return and I wouldn't recommend Olives to a friend because of the rude hostess. As they say, first impressions are lasting. And there are way too many other restaurants where we can spend our hard-earned money!And for the record, the hostess was an old White woman (55-65 yrs old). We just so happen to be an African-American couple in our 30's, who make a combined income of about $300,000. We were both dressed professionally and well-groomed-as always. Yet, a White couple in their 30's walked up behind us, dressed in jeans, t-shirts, and a baseball cap--looking ever so bummy! The hostess lit up for them, saying, "Welcome to Olives. Thank you for dining with us today. Would you prefer indoor or outdoor dining?". Go figure! Not necessarily saying that race was a factor, but just saying....I hope that Olives' management reads these reviews to see how the selection of your staff affects your business. I've already shared our experience with a few friends and family members (both Black and White). You may want to retrain your staff on proper Customer Service skills towards all customers.
5	I was treated to an awesome dinner here last night.  The service was outstanding and the food was incredibly delicious!  Before the server took our order, we were given a basket of yummy sweet bread with olive spread.  I couldn't get enough of the olive spread, it was so friggin good!!!  I had Butter Squash Tortellini as the main course...but before that, we had an appetizer, flat bread with Portabella  Mushrooms on the bread very tasty! While we enjoyed our dinner, I was able to see a tiny view of the fountains putting on their show!! This place would be an awesome place if you want to impress your date or anyone for that matter!
4	From appetizer to entree, everything was delicious. The fried Mac-n-cheese was amazing!
4	My boyfriend and I decided to try Olives for my birthday which happened to fall on a Monday. We had a reservation so there wasn't a wait but the restaurant was very busy. It was extremely dark inside and very noisy, which took away from the experience I found. The food was better than average, I had the beef tenderloin and he had the salmon which was great. Loved the bread basket, onion bread was delicious! Overall I think it was a good experience. If I could've heard my boyfriend speak over the other chatter then it would've been ideal.
4	Service was wonderful. The recommended wine was a little sweet for us, but it was good.  The food was good/very good. Creme brullee was excellent.  The prices are reasonable for the quality of food/service. The view is awesome! Definitely would be a great date place.. you can see the Bellagio fountains from the windows or the patio.  Make a reservation (just like everywhere in Vegas) and you'll be good to go!
3	I came here with a large group of people for a leisurely lunch, and this place just hit the spot.  I opted for the Greek Style Romaine Salad without the feta phyllo triangle, and despite being simple, it was a great meal.  The oregano vinaigrette was spot on.  We also ordered hummus for the table, and a couple dabs of that on my salad really took it up a notch.  Between that and the complimentary olives on the table, I left well fed and happy.While I probably wouldn't ever suggest we eat here (the modified salad was one of my only options as a vegan), I certainly wouldn't object to coming along if others wanted to go.
4	Came here for dinner.Boy was it expensive, but Ive never tasted food like this!My husband and me weren't that hungry, so we ordered The Chilean Sea Bass. It was really delicious! I have never eaten fish like that. The sauce was amazing! portion was okay. But my husband and I don't eat alot so it was fineWe had our 1year old with us so I just asked them for some butter with pasta and they gave us an appetizer price for it. He absolutely loved it! ONLY reason this gets 4 stars is that it was way too busy - our server we had to catch him and it was hard to get hold of anyone if we needed something or to order. I didn't like that. Because in a fancy place you expect excellent service!
5	Ate her 11-25-13 for lunch and it was extravaganza for our tastebuds ..my wife was in olive bliss and my wifes ravioli sent zings through her head and mine also .I had a pasta dish that was very good and the waiter kept my tea glass full at all times and i drink very fast.. I would give this place 10 stars if i could .its off the charts as far as pasta goes and the ravioli which we planned on just being good was above and beyond what you can imagine..i have had ravioli a lot of very good restaurants and at this place you will  not be disappointed.
4	Good food but made us wait 15 minutes longer than our reservation time.
2	Honestly it disappoints me to have to write yet another blah review for a restaurant in Bellagio....We already had a horrible meal at the buffet but because Jasmine was so amazing I figured the other private restaurants would be better as well..... So, first, we ordered. Me: The flatbread with mushrooms and truffle oil, crab stuffed shrimp and green beans with mashed potatoes. My husband: hamburger medium rare. Caesar salad. His Caesar was excellent. They never brought me the felt bread and admitted to forgetting the order.... so we just ordered onion rings with the shrimp. His burger came WELL DONE.... and wasn't that great. My shrimp was overcooked and frankly tasteless. I am from Boston so I know fresh seafood. The onion rings were VERY greasy. The green beans were excellent ( actually haricot vertes) and the mashed potatoes tasteless. The manager actually came over and asked how the food was. I said," Do you REALLY want to know?" She said ,"Yes, absolutely" We told her all the complaints and she was SO incredibly nice. She brought me the flat bread but by the time it came my appetite was already ruined. It didn't have a very truffle oil taste to it either. The replaced onion rings were much better. It turns out the shrimp were not fresh but previously frozen as I suspected....I wish I could separate the food from the waitstaff as they were incredibly gracious and helpful...they actually only charged us for the burger. We tipped on 100 dollars though since the waiter still needs their tips!.If you do go make sure you ask for a seat on the patio since the water show ( after 3) is AMAZING. We see it every 15 minutes from  our room on the 18th floor...
5	We had a great experience.  Service, food and view were excellent.  The bread with tapenade was delicious.  We both ordered specials, free range turkey and lamb chops, and thoroughly enjoyed.  Wish that I had room for dessert! Sabine was our server, she was very attentive.  We will definitely return.
3	Went to dinner here on Saturday night. We had a reservation, but we still had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. We were sat outside, which is great real estate because this place overlooks the fountains. However, it's also December. We are local and we've seen it. I would have gladly given up my view of the Bellagio fountains to not sit in 45 degree weather. I just found it odd that we were sat outside and not asked if this was okay with us. Again, it's cold outside and plenty of spots were available inside.Their drink menu is on an iPad which is kind of a hassle. Their "cocktail" section is only martinis save for one drink. Unless I just couldn't figure out the program, seems like their mixed drink menu could use some more selection. Not everyone wants a martini with 3 tbsp of alcohol in it for $16 or a $300 bottle of wine.We were brought a bread basket and poured water pretty quickly after being sat... And then we waited, and waited, and waited some more. We easily sat there for 15 minutes watching our waiter whirl around the other tables and not even stop by to introduce herself as our server. I started to think that we were supposed to use the iPad to order like you are expected to do with the alcohol.Eventually the waitress came over and from there on, the service was fine. The food was good but the menu is small and limited.WARNING: when sitting on the terrace at night, expect to be caught in the middle of a constant traffic flow of inconsiderate people coming outside to take pictures, stand RIGHT OVER your table to watch the fountain show, and other rude BS you shouldn't have to deal with when paying at least $100 for dinner.BIGGER WARNING: Someone comes around to take your picture and it costs $70.00 for two pictures in a Bellagio souvenir photo booklet. Don't get guilted in to buying the photos because they know you can afford it. Just say no before they even take the picture and avoid the awkward sales pitch at the end of your meal.
5	Very good! We were not super hungry so our fabulous server Stephanie suggested we share the Carpaccio. GREAT Recommendation! Wine was perfectly paired, and she made sure we were all paid and out the door in time for our show. Highly recommended.
1	AVOID THIS TOURIST TRAP: high prices, poor service, mediocre food, boring menu.  Save your money for the slot machines (and not at the Bellagio).On our way to Olive's, we asked some Bellagio workers for directions.  One pointed us in the right direction.  But, as we walked away, his coworker made an insulting wisecrack (unbelievably rude).The hostesses at Olives were friendly and helpful. The waiter, on the other hand, was simply indifferent. He offered helpful information only when directly questioned. At these prices, I expect more - professionalism. at the very least.  What we got was some burned-out character, who only came alive when offering us desserts (and then, only half-heartedly.)At fine restaurants, I look for creativity in the menu, especially the appetizers. The menu completely lacked creativity - no interesting appetizers, no interesting entrees, not even an interesting soup.  (Potato soup, really? Is this Luby's?)   The central theme in the menu appeared to be food that can be cranked out relatively quickly in mass quantities (so they can hurry the customer out the door).We were disappointed with the entrees.  The steak - terrible.  The short ribs - poor.  The chicken - mediocre.  The branzini (fish) - okay (nothing to write home about).  Again, at these prices, you expect fine cuisine.  Instead, you get overpriced mediocre food.  We all declined dessert.  Nobody at the table seemed willing to throw good money after bad.  Nor should you.As we left, other unlucky tourists stood outside, waiting to be seated.  I wanted to warn them to stay away (but didn't want to make a scene).  So, I'm warning you: stay away from Olives.
5	First things first, do not eat a buffet for lunch hoping to still be hungry for Olives by 6PM! Major fail...Since we were still relatively full from lunch, we opted to wait an additional 45mins to be seated by the window where we could enjoy the Bellagio Fountain Water show. We were promptly seated at 6:45PM. Three different servers asked us if they could get us something to drink. It was a bit confusing because we didn't know who was our actual server for the night, but felt nice to be acknowledged.My fiance and I ordered a glass of wine each and then went for the Hudson Valley foie gras appetizer and Boston Bibb salad. Both were delicious. The foie gras melted in my mouth and I wished we had a larger piece of it. The salad had a nice mix of greens and the dressing was very tasty.Since we are fatties, we continued on to order our entrees. We decided to share the fig and prosciutto flatbread and sea scallops.The prosciutto was so thin and decadent and paired wonderfully with the fig. The scallops were sweet and juicy. The truffle mashed potato was delicious. Every bite I could taste the truffle oil coming through and it brought out the sweetness of the scallops even more. My fiance thought the truffle oil was too overpowering and the mashed potato not lumpy enough, but I thought it was still phenomenal.We'll definitely come back to try the beef carpaccio and other dishes we were too full to try this time around.We ended the night with a perfect berry creme brulee. The berries were fresh and gave the perfect tartness to the creamy and sweet creme brulee. There were also bacon and pepper cookies on top that actually worked really well with the dessert.Of course nothing could beat watching the water show while enjoying such a great meal! It was defiinitely worth the wait.
5	The restaurant has a very fancy ambiance and gnocchi is very good! Malbec follows it nicely and smooth. The view to Bellagio fountains is a great feature.
5	Excellent food and great service! I love the atmosphere, especially the view overlooking Bellagio's famous water show. Complimentary bread and tapenade was delicious.  Slingback martini had the right kick to it. We ordered the grilled octopus and squid, tuna tartare, and beef tartare for appetizer. Loved all of it. I ordered the short rib for the main course. The meat was very tender, juicy and melted in my mouth. Cooked to perfection  on top of the polenta. Mushroom risotto was also delicious, something about the dish that is so comforting. Overall the food was amazing and my sister who was celebrating her birthday enjoyed the food and the service.
4	I am deducting a star from my previous review.Set scene: Saturday night, my friend's birthday dinner, Olives is busy, noisy, and full of patrons. Our six-person party is seated in the main dining area and our menus are give to us, as well as the iPad wine menu (so fancy huh). I swept through the wine menu, but wasn't sure on what to have. I inquired with our waiter who seemed not so keen to help me decide so I had to goad him with a few clues and actually ended up taking the advice of my friend seated next to me while the waiter just nodded and took the order.Next came dinner; although the food was very good I feel as though the prices are somewhat askew. Not on everything, but definitely on the Grilled Sirloin my husband ordered for $49. The steak was minuscule, and yes, I realize plating and stacking food is a cute and fancy and all, but I don't care how you stacked this thing it was still not big enough to justify being $49. I must admit though that my husband missed out on half the dish as he requested the peas, onions, and roquefort cream be removed from the dish. (Yes, this is me sighing unpleasantly as he explains this to the server. Ah, my picky husband...)I had the Ricotta Ravioli, actually a very decadent dish with the perfect amount of raviolis and sweet Italian sausage. It was the perfect amount of food, and the price was solid.Foie gras... our table split this as an app. This time around I felt as though the foie gras was not as good. It was a bit stringy, and honest to goodness I was a bit miffed at the lighting in the dining room because I couldn't SEE the appetizer as it was on the other side of the table from me. For dessert... my husband and I shared the Pumpkin-pie-like-custard-like dessert creation. The name escapes me now, but dang it was PUMPKINY. I had a bite and was basically floored by how much it tasted like pumpkin. Overall... I plan to head elsewhere for birthday or anniversary or night-out dining in Vegas. Although I do like Olives I think there are some places that do the special night out dining better.
1	Terrible. Soggy, tasteless pasta. Dry lamb. Service excellent, the Bellagio fountains in the background; wonderful, but the food was so bad I'd never go back. Can't think of another $100+ meal being worse.
4	Overall I enjoyed my meal a lot.  The food, while very pricey, was delicious though had a few execution issues.  For example, my otherwise excellent beef tartare had two separate beds of mashed potatoes that really didn't make sense.  The striped bass that I had from the specials menu was delicious.  I loved the flavor of the butternut squash tortelli but I thought that the plating wasn't very attractive.  Portions were just the right size, but with most entrees hovering around $50, this is not a cheap night out.  Service was excellent.A note to fellow diners - please keep your voices at a reasonable level and control your children.  With tile floors and high ceilings, Olives can get pretty loud.
4	If you're lost and aloneOr you're sinking like a stone, carry on!May your past be the soundOf your feet upon the ground, carry on at Todd English's Olives! - Fun (carry on)With Michael Mina and Sensi closed for the holidays at the Bellagio, I turned my attention to Todd English's Olives! (mainly because of his name and how many restaurants he's opened) You will notice right away how dimly lit the place is in general. Since it was December, I thoroughly appreciated they were playing Christmas music in the background and the fountain view from our table.The foie gras starter we had was an interesting experience for me. I love foie gras but I don't remember eating it on its own. They made it as an appetizer with brioche, pears, yogurt, and walnuts. When combined with all the components, it works really nicely. However if you eat the foie gras alone, it feel's very fattening and I think only the hardcore foie gras lovers would appreciate it since there's alot of fat essence to it. The sea scallops that I ordered was very fun to eat. They put it in a rectangular plate and I just ate it from left to right with the truffle mashed potatoes and cabernet sauce. There was some odd green on it (don't know if it was used more as a garnish) but I just moved it aside and finished everything else hahaLast random personal side note: I'm used to wearing dress shirts on a daily basis but there's this feeling that I get from this restaurant that the dress code is on the more formal side. It's not dress code enforced or anything and I normally don't even notice these things, but that's the overall feel that I got from Olives. I don't generally like that everyone has to be up to a certain dress code here just so they don't feel out of their element. Obviously its Vegas so most people dress to impress anyways, but that's not always the case and it shouldn't be. Again, this is not a reflection of the restaurant itself, this was my own personal observation while dining here. Enjoy the fine food!
4	Really really awesome flat bread. We have been there 3 times in our last two trips to Vegas.The entrees were also very good, but not spectacular like the flat breads.
2	We ate at this restaurant on 12/29. There were six of us, had reservations at 5:30, so far, so good. The waiter came to the table and was just not professional. It was like he thought we were friends. Salads and soups came and went, still good. When the entrees came out, they brought them three at a time 5 minutes apart. I had the short rib with potatoes and brussel sprouts. The sprouts were cold, the short rib and potatoes were warm. I asked if anyone else's food was cold or warm, and the answer was a resounding yes by someone who had the chicken. We called it to the waiters attention. He apologized quickly and took it back to "take care of it". The food came back 10 minutes later with a plate that was so hot it was ridiculous, but the food was still warm on both of the returned entrees. I elected not to make a big deal out of it and ate what I could. Another of our diners did point it out to him unbeknownst to me, and he tried to "make it right with 2 complimentary desserts. At the prices they charge for these meals, this is just unacceptable. I am writing this to partially vent and to warn future diners to beware.
4	I have been coming to this spectacular place since they opened in the late 90's. Last nights visit was by far the best. We sat on the patio closest to the fountains. I still get giddy when they erupt in dance. Tammie, the wine conisoor, whom we absolutely love, recommended a beautiful Cabernet. We ate our staples. Tuna tar tar, beef carpaccio and the to die for Butternut squash Ravioli! I was in heaven. The service was top notch as well. Thank you Olives for another great visit. See you soon. Patrick and Paul, Kansas City, MO
5	Great little restaurant in the middle of the shops at the Bellagio. The wait was about 15 mins to get a table but we decided to just sit at the bar instead. Our bartender Jonathan was awesome. Very friendly and quick. I had the Chicken Margarita Sandwich with Sweet Potato fries. AMAZ-ING! The basil aioli and tomato fondue really made the sandwich! The Pear Two Martini was so so tasty too! I could barely taste the alcohol, even though I know there was plenty in there! The olive tapenades that you get are delicious. I could almost just get drinks and snack on that to be completely satisfied!
5	The food at this place is probably 4 stars.  The ambiance, especially being able to sit outside on the patio and watch the Bellagio fountain show, bumps it up to a 5. The fig and prosciutto flat bread is excellent as is the bread they bring to your table.  The octopus was disappointing -- a bit rubbery.  The pasta dishes are solid but not anything to write home about.  The mac and cheese also was just ok.  This is a good place to grab a drink before dinner.  If you go early -- around 5pm, you can walk in without a reservation and get a table on the patio so you can watch the fountain show.  Order some drinks and the fig and prosciutto flat bread, and you've got a great time right there.  That is a 5 star experience.
4	Went here for a celebratory dinner while in Vegas. There are a lot of great tables, and a couple crappy ones. We fortunately got a good one, but I could see how someone could be upset if they got seated basically facing the mall, for what you're paying in food. The food itself was very good. The Beef Carpaccio my dad got as an appetizer and boy was he surprised. It's basically a full meal in itself. If you aren't splitting it with at least another person, you're crazy. It's like saying I'm going to have the nachos platter as an appetizer. Look at the pictures; it's huge. That being said it's one of the most dynamic and interesting dishes we had that night, and sticks in my memory months later writing this review. I had the scallops for dinner, which had some interesting sea beans which made for a deep, briny flavor. Not for everyone, but I enjoyed them. So ya, if you can, ask for a table outside or at least away from the mall side. If you're looking for a cheaper meal, go with the flatbread. More reasonable (half price) compared to a full entree, you'll leave full, and the people around us seemed to be enjoying them.
4	Took my gf here for our anniversary.Sat out in the balcony overlooking the Bellagio fountains.It was during the winter but the heat lamps kept us warm so that wasn't a problem.Very romantic setting and one of the best places to see the Bellagio fountain show.Food was good (pricy too) and the server was very friendly.Good to take friends (who won lots of $$ at the casinos), date, coworkers (on company expense), and customers (on customer's company expense?!)
4	This is one of the better restaurants in Vegas!!! Service/Food excellent!!!  Outdoor seating of the water show Amazing!! We always make this a regular dinner stop on our Vegas trips!!! You will never be disappointed!
1	The only thing great about this establishment was the bread and olive tapenade you're served when first seated.  We had to return our lobster mac & cheese because the chef had burnt the cream and the free ranged roasted chicken I ordered was bland and dry.  Won't be going back.
4	This place is a lot like a number of fine dining experiences.  Great food, interesting menu, good ambience.  Our waiter was knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive.  Unfortunately, like a lot of other fine dining exeperiences you're finished pretty quickly. Start to finish couldn't have been more than an hour.  It's not like they were pushing us out the door, but things moved very quickly.  It was just the two of us, and only one was drinking, and the total was @$200.  Again, the meal was very good, but for $200 it would have been nicer if the pace was more relaxed.
5	This place was such a treat.Came in for a late lunch with my sister and was able to get a table on the patio overlooking the beautiful fountains. Tried a couple items, and everything tasted absolutely splendid. The bread basket was a great start. Then had:Tuna Carpaccio - delicious.Grilled Squid and Octopus - great combination of ingredients and flavorPortobello FlatbreadScallops and Prosciutto - amazing flavor. the sauce is very complimentary. risotto made perfectlyPEI Mussels - perfectI don't think there is anything on this menu that would disappoint me. Everything is prepared perfectly from the fresh ingredient combination, to the medley of flavors and the beautiful presentation. And of course to top it off, a great server.For dessert though, we ordered the apple cinnamon thing, which was like a cinnamon roll (don't care for it at all). But the other dessert was some type of pb&j mousse cake, which was amazing and different from the traditional cakes and pastries.Might be a bit pricey, but sometimes we have to treat ourselves :)
5	Got lucky and got a table by the fountains on New Years weekend the view of the fountains is spectacular and the food is amazing.  I was buying with house money I won at craps so I treated myself to a nice 3 course meal.  Very impressive place with quality food and service.
2	Had been here before with better experiences, hopefully this was just a one-time fiasco. Hostess friendly, sat us outside, watched fountains, all good so far. Waiter during entire stay acted like he didn't have the time to wait for us to answer silly questions like what we would like to eat. Then, warning, the nice outdoors area becomes a lot less nice when everybody starts lighting up as for whatever atmospheric and architectural reasons that would explain this, smoke just stays in the little cove of the tables instead of dissipating. My meal tasted good, but it gave me food poisoning :(Update: General manager tracked me down and she seemed genuinely concerned about the shortcomings of that night, so a refreshing plus for that.
5	The Gnocchi and Ocotopus Salad were some of the best I've ever had! The view of the fountains was amazing. This is by far my favorite restaurant in Vegas!
5	The view on the outside was absolutely amazing Got to watch the water show 4 times and it was beautiful the food was also amazing The service was top notchShoutout to Argon for being such an awesome server!When coming here it's probably best to reserve a table on the outside so you can enjoy the water show when it comes on and just enjoy the view, I don't know why anyone would want to eat indoors.
3	I really liked the table out on the balcony overlooking the fountain.  The server was excellent. Food was mediocre at best with Vegas level prices of course. Also it was a little slow coming out but I don't mind a leisurely meal;   Better than rushing me though like its Disney or something.
5	Inspired cooking in Vegas remains the exception, not the rule.   So lets just acknowledge that Todd English's Olive stands out in Vegas.  Yes tucked away in Bellagio's mini-mall-GASP.....but also a spacious patio that sits on top of the stunning dancing water fountain Duhhhhh....  Who wouldn't  want to enjoy life here.  For food lovers and cocktail goers this is for you.  Mediterranean cuisine that is skinny jean approved.  Best Negroni served at the bar.
3	Being a local, I know that restaurants on the Strip are overpriced to begin with. However, I expect the extra cost to be made up in food quality and service. My wife had a lamb chop and me, a sirloin steak. Both were $40+ entrees. They were good, but I expected more, like great. I also had a bowl of potato soup, $16, that was delicious but done after 5 spoonfuls. Our server was outstanding. A view of the fountains is special, but means more to the tourist crowd. We had tried to get into Prime Steakhouse, but the wait was more than 2 hours.
3	The food at Olives is not as good as you'd expect for the price tag, but it receives 3 stars from me for the extras.First, the bread basket is totally yummy. There's a variety of breads to keep you happy while you wait for your meal, and each one was good. Second, the atmosphere is quite nice. It's upscale-ish without falling all over itself. Third, we were given a stellar table for a reservation made 2 hours in advance, for 12 people, on a busy Saturday night.The food is oversalted and under-tasty. We were all happy enough with our meals, as it tasted good, but nothing about it made us feel like food is the focus at Olives. I think they are banking on the location inside Bellagio and the atmosphere to be the draw, and serving good-but-not-great food.
5	The view on the outside was absolutely amazing Got to watch the water show 4 times and it was beautiful the food was also amazing The service was top notchShoutout to Argon for being such an awesome server!When coming here it's probably best to reserve a table on the outside so you can enjoy the water show when it comes on and just enjoy the view, I don't know why anyone would want to eat indoors.
4	Amazing view, food and service.  The only draw back were the tables were quite close to one another.  The table behind us kept hitting our chairs as we were eating.  For the price point, I would have expected a bit more comfort.
5	This is my absolute to-go everytime I'm in Vegas. I don't ever eat but their cocktails are bomb. You're gonna pay $15/cocktail on the strip but these drinks are totally worth it. 6 oz. and delicious!!
4	When you're in Vegas on the strip and are craving a nice Italian dinner, I highly recommend Todd English's Olive at the Bellagio. Excellent pasta , great customer service, and a prime view of the famous Bellagio water show.Enjoyed with my family were the following:- Onion Foccacia (complimentary in your bread basket): perfect tenderness and flavor pact.- Gnocchi ($32): Did I mention best ever? No? Because I'm not kidding. I've had some good gnocchi in San Francisco and even Florence, Italy - but this plate in particular hit all the right notes in regards to texture and flavor composition. Delicate pillow-y soft gnocchi layered in a beautiful light tomato coulis with pulled chicken, goat cheese, kalamata olives, and toasted pistachios...this is the kind of dish that I'd love to enjoy again and again and again.- Fettucini Carbonara ($37): ordered this dish bc I've adored a similarly constructed dish at Haven in Oakland. Crab, pancetta, and egg yolks emulsfied in a cream sauce - all the good guilty things in life - how can you go wrong? As a result, the dish was indeed flavorful and the pasta tenderly al-dente, but just a bit too salty for my palate. Overall, very enjoyable, but Chef Kim Alter's version (Smoked Pasta) still remains my #1.- Prosciutto & Fig Flatbread ($19). Good, but slightly dissapointed. Prosciutto and figs are such a natural flavor combo that you wonder how on earth can you screw this one up? For some sad reason the figs were so overcooked they tasted like prunes. Or, did someone make a horrible decision to use dried figs...and not fresh figs? Regardless, this was the only dish which we had leftovers of.- Pomegranite Souffle ($14): Though light and custardy as any good souffle and presented elegantly, the pomegranite flavor is no where to be found. It might've been covered up by the creme anglaise and pistachio ice cream.All in all, though the prices are a bit on the heftier side for the cuisine, you pay for the view - and the delicious pastas!
3	The wifey and I had a great lunch on the patio overlooking the Bellagio lake.  We started with (and recommend getting) the fig and prosciutto flat bread.  It's heavy on figs, but you can toss those to the side.  After that I enjoyed my steak sandwich.  Can't go wrong here for a casual lunch.  Service was great too.
2	They continue to have poor to mediocre food. I've never had a memorable meal here. Nice view of fountains fr patio. That's about it.
3	***Todd English's Olives is a reasonably priced and good option for a nice lunch in Las Vegas, but dinner here is, unfortunately, similar to many other restaurants in Las Vegas--expensive with just okay food at best***I enjoyed my first trip to Todd English's Olives for lunch.  The view was great though you may have to deal with cigarette smoking on the patio and the food was both good and reasonably priced (nice housemade pastas and good scallops).  Dinner at Olives did not offer the same experience.  The dining room was pretty dark and the food was very overpriced like other Las Vegas restaurants backed by well known chefs.The dinner menu at Olives did have similarities to Olives' lunch offerings.  There was a good mix of starters and housemade pastas (though the housemade pastas on my last trip were more my style).  For dinner, Olives nixes the lunchtime sandwiches for more substantial entrees.Dinner started the same as lunch--breads with olives and a variety of olive spreads.  I started with the seared foie gras, which was served on buttered brioche and garnished with spice poached pears, honeyed yogurt and crushed walnuts.  It was a mostly sweet plate especially given that the portion of foie gras was so small.  I really enjoyed the spice poached pears--nice caramelization and sweetness.  The foie gras was good and creamy, but it was just too small of a portion.For my entree, I had the seared scallops, which were served on truffled yukon mashed potatoes and topped with sauteed sea beans and a Cabernet reduction.  The scallops themselves were a very good quality--fresh, moist and soft.  Unfortunately, they were also quite salty.  The sides were okay but nothing special.For dessert, I had their chocolate molten cake, which was not the most original dessert, but it was still a very good dessert.  The cake had a good outside crust while the center was hot, rich, chocolaty, and gooey.  The cake and the warm, gooey center went very well with the okay but not great ice cream.Service was just okay.  It took a while to put in our order and while our server seemed pleasant, she also seemed a little distracted.As mentioned, dinner prices are high here.  The prices are consistent with similar quality restaurants in Las Vegas, but the entree prices here would be very overpriced in Los Angeles, San Francisco and Chicago.Olives' food is at the very least okay, which is actually better than a lot of Vegas restaurants.  Still, the food is not that remarkable and it comes at a very high price at dinner.  Olives is not a bad option for lunch where prices are lower and the atmosphere is nicer, but you might want to seek another option for an upscale dinner in Las Vegas.Olives is located in Bellagio.  Like almost all of the major hotels and casinos on The Strip, Bellagio offers complimentary valet and self parking.
4	My mom and I had lunch here recently.  We were there around 1130am so we were able to get a table out on the patio.  And with it being Sunday, the fountains were set off every 15 minutes.  It was quite a show, especially seeing it from the backside.  And they had the heaters on so it was comfortable outside.  We started off with their wonderful bread basket.  It had several types of bread in it - a soft rosemary focaccia and cheese crisps.  The bread came with a couple of olive spreads and marinated olives.  Yummy!  For our entrees, my mom had the burger with potato wedges.  I had the steak sandwich with onion strings.  We both enjoyed our meals.  I really liked my steak sandwich.  My only complaint was that the meat was a little tough so it was hard to eat as a sandwich.  The onion strings were very crisp and tasty.  The potato wedges my mom had were good too.  Good flavor them with a crisp outside and soft inside.We got soda and water refills often.  And our waiter come by often too.  Definitely a good lunch and hopefully we will be back.
5	The Butternut Squash Tortelli is to die for.  If I could fall in love with a food, this would be it!
3	I first heard of this place many years ago after that atrocious Iron Chef USA pilot showing Todd English (Captain Kirk is no Chairman!).The ambiance is dark and intimate, and if you're lucky you can sit on the outside under heated lames next to the Bellagio Fountain Show.Overall I think it's a solid three stars. Service was excellent throughout, but I think the style of the dishes tended to be a bit too salty for us and doesn't quite fit our palate.- The free bread comes with two types of tapenade and pickled olives.  So you get elements of salty and briny early.- For Appetizers we got the squid and octopus in a brown sauce with chickpeas.  The sauce was actually very good and balanced and went well with bread.  Octopus and squid both very tender - definitely share with two people!- Wife got the diver scallops which came four large per order - seared on one side, well seasoned and juicy.  Perfectly cooked.  The sauce (vinaigrette ?) made it a bit too salty however.  Truffle mash was decent.- I got their mushroom pasta, which came with like four types of mushroom with pappardelle pasta cooked al dente.  Flavors were good , but I think it went overboard with the Parmesan.  A bit too much cream too.- Dessert we shared a pumpkin torte that was just outstanding - it had pumpkin chips, to add texture and zing and layers of sweet and spice just like pumpkin should be.  The cake layer was thin and the whole dish was airy.  It went really well with their black coffee.
1	Been here twice . First time we waited 20 min before we was asked if we wanted a drink. But the food was good but very over priced. So we thought we would give it another go this time we went as a small group. They got the orders wrong the food had no taste . This  place is very over priced. This place is only still open because of its location . Wouldn't go back ever
4	Had dinner here on Valentines Day and we were very impressed with the menu as well as the atmosphere.. They have quite an assortment of yummy appetizers and entrees. Considering this is a fine dining restaurant in Bellagio overlooking the strip, pricing is reasonable. Definitely recommend the patio seating which has heaters and overlooks the famous water show !
1	Way too over-rated. 20mn wait despite reservation. Service was all about speed, we felt like we had to be out of there asap. Food was very average. Tartare was dry, papardelle overcooked... No savor. Very bad value for money, definitely not worth $240 for 2. Our only disappointing experience all week-end in Vegas.
2	Great location and outdoor seating was worth the wait.  The food was not! The scallops were done well, but not cleaned very well as they had sand in them. I ordered gnocchi which came raw. The pasta was raw and still stuck together. They replaced it with an order of ravioli. Unfortunately the pasta cook must have been new because these came out raw in the centers. Not worth the price.
5	Not that this place needs another 5-star (civilian) review but here we go! Went here for lunch a few months ago and was able to snag a table on the beautiful patio. Service was incredible.Went here for dinner on Sat 2/15 and while the patio was already full (I had a 5:30p reso for a week now), asked to be seated as close to the windows as possible so my parents could have a view of the fountains. Cha-ching! Request granted. Our server, Rick, and myself made great rapport and the entire staff was on top of it during our dinner. Had the malbec - definitely recommend it. The free bread is delicious and they give you as many refills as you want (the onion bread is my favorite). We also had the lobster mac & cheese & the Portobello flatbread, both recommended and both customer favorites. Dad had the chicken, and while he loved it, he was (happily) surprised by the huge portion. Mom had ravioli sans sausage and said it was delish. I had the chilean sea bass and it was perfect!All in all - go to Olives. Make a reservation. Get there early. Drink the wine & eat all the starters/flatbreads.
4	We had dinner reservations here on Saturday for my birthday. We were seated right away. I called ahead of time to see if we could get a table with a view of the Bellagio fountains, to which we were told we would need to come in get on a waiting list and told what time to come back... I think not. If we have reservations already I don't understand why I would want to be put on a waiting list, but since it was Valentine's Day weekend I understand they were fully booked. Any who, this is where my rant ends- everything else from there on out was great. We were a group of five and we had a decent table. They brought out bread for the table, which was yummy. We all got different dishes to try out and they all tasted wonderful. I would definitely recommend either the salmon/lobster pasta dish, or the Gnocchi dish. I ordered a margarita, which was SO watered down it basically tasted like lemonade with barely any alcohol content.For dessert we had the chocolate lava cake which was delectable.Overall it was a great experience. definitely glad I picked this place for my birthday.
5	We had a reservation for a 1:30 p.m. lunch and requested to be seated on the patio.  They started us off with a variety of breads we tried the octopus and squid appetizer (huge portion)...so delicious, octopus was cooked perfected, ever bite was tender.  It  was served with a chickpeas in the sauce which was so delicious. we also tried the flat bread with clams. the flat bread was cooked perfectly but I think it needed a little salt. My lunch companion loved it.
5	We went there on valentines day - no reservation, no wait. The hostess sat us right away, and we were pleasantly surprised. The restaurant was super busy at that time, but the service was exceptional. Both server and the bus boy made sure we've got everything we needed. They were all friendly, professional and polite. We ordered two Bellini (one regular, one strawberry), one flat bread (fig and prosciutto), and beef carpaccio. All were winners but I couldn't believe how tender and packed in flavors beef carpaccio was. The beef was thin, and unbelievably soft. It went very well with rest of the ingredients on the plate: arugula and polenta cake. The portion was generous, and the price was moderate for vegas. Next time, we will make a reservation and sit outside patio to enjoy the fountain show.
2	its painful to say I wont be coming back to this place. They have the best view & to top it off the best food BUT we had the world's worst server (especially for a fine dining) Were servers so we understand what he was probably thinking,  we werent one of those middle aged people dressed in suite so service probably wont matter.. but we were on a date expecting to get treated equally like the tables next to us && didnt get that at all. our server was snobby. Unless youre middle aged, covered in diamonds and expensive watches and rings.. DONT COME HERE. Youre better off getting a to-go or eat somewhere else. I got treated better at olive garden than this place.
4	4.5 starsMy experience here, from start to finish, was great. We arrived to our reservation early and sat at the bar while we waited for our table (which we requested to be outside and they were able to accommodate us if we waited til our actual time). The service at the bar was great, as were the other guests sitting there, and they even have iPads around that have the drink menu on it. Once our table was ready they took us to a spot on the patio that had a perfect view of the famous Bellagio fountain show.  To start we ordered the grilled octopus--it was very tasty and fresh, but needed a tad of salt which we were able to season and once we did the favors popped. For dinner I had the scallops and my bf had the short ribs. My scallops were delicious-tasty, lightly seasoned and meaty. My boyfriend loved his dish as well. Service was also great, and we were not rushed at any point during our meal which I was really happy about. Olives is definitely worth a visit and I would recommend this restaurant to anyone----but also make sure to sit on the patio to watch the fountain show as it's really awesome to see up close.
5	Absolutely the best view of the bellagio fountains and the food and service are amazing. Dont skip the green beans.
4	This place had the perfect seating to the dancing waters fountain show at the Bellagio. We had good service; Great wine & food. Who knew that Butternut Squash Tortellini could be so good & savory? I had gotten a wonderful sandwich and enjoyed the Olive tapenade. It was a very refreshing meal among good people.
5	Unlike the review from the 22nd we were treated exceptionally. We are a younger couple without the glitz and glam but we were treated like royalty. Perhaps the difference was the server. In our case we had Paul and he was absolutely awesome.   Before going on with the review let me back up a bit. We were looking for a place to eat that night and were walking through the Bellagio when my wife said, "That Olives restaurant has a balcony but it is first-come, first-serve so we probably could not get out there.". Me being the kind of guy who would rather ask and get told "no" than not ask at all went up to the hostess and asked about any openings on the balcony. To my amazement I was told there would be a table for two in 45 minutes if I cared to wait. With the night being beautiful and a chance to sit outside and eat we readily agreed to wait. Approximately 30 minutes later we were led out to the balcony and seated. The balcony is small, I'd venture to guess there was enough space for about 30 people. I do not know for sure but I believe the tables directly next to the edge overlooking the Bellagio Fountain were reserved for Black Card (mlife) holders which we were not. We were seated at the back of the balcony but we could still see the fountains and had a beautiful view of the strip. (We also just happened to be seated at 7pm when the fountains played every 15 minutes so we saw the whole line up of songs during our dinner...I highly recommend this timing). Like I said in the beginning, Paul was our server and he was wonderful. He treated us like we were special though we were not in suits, not bedazzled in jewelry, and certainly no high-roller status. We were dressed nicely though a few on the balcony were dressed very poorly even for a casual dining restaurant. We were served with smiles and warmth as was everyone else out there including the poorly dressed group though by a different server.Paul even took our picture for us with our camera during what he called "Picture time". He had an excellent sense of humor that matched ours which seems hard to do these days. He made our night. The customer service, view, and fountains were amazing but the food...boy was that some of the best food we have eaten in a while. The drinks were made perfectly, the complimentary bread basket paired with the Olive Tapenade was one of a kind. Delicious! The flat bread...well it did not last long. For entrees my wife ordered the chicken and I ordered Salmon. My meal was perfect, my wife's chicken was overdone but still tasty. We could have probably requested a new one but it was not inedible and it was still very delicious so we did not. We were too full for dessert though what I saw others eating looked amazing. Overall, an excellent experience and I would go back if I was back in Vegas. I also highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a delicious meal. If you are willing to wait for the balcony I would do it and try to time it for the more frequent fountain shows. Well worth it! Try to get Paul as he was amazing, though the rest seemed equally as awesome.
5	The steak tartare and tuna tartare were both awesome!
3	The best thing about this place is the view of the fountain. That said, best to be on the patio or near the window. The flat breads were delicious. However the larger plates were all very average. The soft shell crab pasta was pretty bland and the steak sandwich a bit tough. Stick apps and drinks and enjoy the view.
4	Ate here with family during a trip to Las Vegas, we stayed at the Bellagio and had some coupons to eat here. We decided to try it out.The food was delicious. Service was friendly. Atmosphere is great.
5	I have to give Olives a 5 star review for the amazing service and view we had at dinner.  We had reservations at 7 on a Tuesday for 5 people. We showed up at 6pm had drinks at the bar and asked for a table outside and that we were willing to wait for it.  We had the perfect table outside and were seated right at 7pm. The service was top notch and everyones meal was very good.
4	A beautiful & fancy place for a nice dinner out in Las Vegas. I went with a group of friends to celebrate a birthday and we were lucky enough to get a table out on the patio. Getting to sit out there with the fountain show was lovely! It very much was a classy Vegas experience. The menu has a lot of good choices, including things for vegetarians. I had the mushroom papardelle, which was quite delicious but a little too rich if you want to go out after dinner. The mushrooms were wonderful, the pasta noodles were so good, and the peas & pea shoots helped take some of the edge off the creaminess. The menu mentioned truffle essence but I didn't catch any of that. At $34 a plate, it's definitely a lot, but it was a very large portion and had I been going back to my room there would have been enough to put in a take away box for later. My husband had the ricotta & sausage ravioli, and devoured it.
1	Total waste of money. It might be worth it if you sit outside to view the fountains but that would be it. It was so loud inside that my wife and I gave up on trying to yell out a conversation and communicated by hand signals. A loud restaurant I can forgive, but the food was also poorly cooked and flavorless. My Ribeye, if it even was a Ribeye, was cut so thin it could have been a skirt steak. It was also burnt and greasy. Then they covered it in a bland red wine reduction that literally had no flavor. My wife's chillian sea bass was dry and her beans were under cooked and hard. The only saving grace was the bread and tapenad. Never again.
5	Food was great, but that bar tender Jon was easy on eyes too. I would mind going back for the view, and I ain't talking about the fountain.
2	Very dark place inside so don't eat here if you like to see your food. Sitting on patio would make all the difference. Wouldn't eat here unless you're seated outside.Food: Rolls /relish too salty.I had chicken entree $29 , average at best, pretty dry.Wife had butternut squash ravioli...a bit soupy with more butter than butternut...
5	Perfect dining experience!! Lovely restaurant &'atmosphere. Impeccable service & fabulous food!! I'll be back!!
4	With the list of hot celebrity chef restaurants its hard to figure out where to eat first.   We were staying at the Bellagio and had been watching the MLife channel (I know who watches tv when in vegas) ANNNYYWAYY, they featured this restaurant.  Todd English is not an english place, which threw us off... in a good way.  We stopped by spontaneously bc we were pretty hungry.  We split the burger (which you need to try with truffle cheese)  It was very good.  The quality of the meat was excellent and well seasoned. Even better, I found 'My Drink"!  Best drink I've had the whole trip... the two pear i believe it is called.  Minimal ingredients, and pear puree.  soooo good and not overly sweet (which I was afraid it would be)  Such a great drink.  It should be their signature.  Check out this place, I'm pretty sure you will enjoy the view and relaxed atmosphere
4	Solidly four stars.  Not a cheap date, but expect well executed Mediterranean-inspired food, creative drink, and efficient service in a wonderful space, overlooking the amazing Bellagio water show outside.It can be loud inside, but the expectation should be to sit outside on the patio on all but inclement conditions.  It's worth the wait, as the water show is spectacular and elevates the Olives experience.Make reservations early.  Don't wait until the day-of if you want prime time, and note that patio seating is first come, first served, even with a reservation.The drink menu and wine list are on a balky, awkward iPad device.  The list is impressive, for sure, and yes, they are pretty pictures and great descriptions.  But Olives' use of technology for technology's sake is overly complicated, imoho.  KISS.Parking at the Bellagio is free if you self park, though the hike from the garage through the casino and on to the restaurant may be a bit much for women in heels.  Valet or a cab drop off at the Bellagio front door is a shorter walk.
2	First off, if you got the balcony seating, the view to the Bellagio fountain is spectacular. That was what I got and wow, was that fun!!Unfortunately, food was so so. Actually, it was worse than so so. The tuna tartare was fine but had a hard time finishing it as it was quite oily. The squid was fine but on the softer side and had a little off texture. The handmade pasta were mushy and waayy too soft. I didn't enjoy eating it. I had the fettuccine carbonara with crab. Not good.The signature dessert was chocolate lava cake. It was okay but lava cake is ordinary. Standard at best. Todd English's restaurant..mind you. But whatever. It doesn't mean much at times even if a famous chef's name attached to it.
2	It's a good lunch place for business meetings or dates. If you are lucky, you can sit out on the patio for an awesome view of the fountains. The interior decor is hip and contemporary with some booth seatings. Unfortunately, the food is quite disappointing. For starter, the beef carpaccio was unappetizing and the presentation was too. There's mushy beef on top of salad and polenta. It was a bit gross with a huge portion too. The mussels capellini dish was alright, but it was nothing special. The mussels were fresh though. The lunch beef sirloin is quite big, but the edges taste a bit burnt. The meat was chewy and tasted gamey. Overall, come for the potential of patio view and nice decor. The food is average at best especially for Vegas standards at top hotels.
4	I ate here when it first opened (that is, when Bellagio first opened) a zillion years ago and it was spectacular then. This week I finally had the opportunity to come back. I brought a very choosy eater with me, but I had scoped out the menu in advance and figured there'd be enough variety to make both of us happy.Service was attentive, but a little detached - not really warm. That's OK, I mean it's Vegas, I'm not there to make friends, but the other places where I ate, the servers managed a little friendliness.Seating was not as tight as it is in some other places, but they do bunch together all the table-for-two diners so we're practically in each others' laps. Wouldn't be too bad if peoples' behavior was uniformly civilized, but naturally that's not the case so you might end up with an undesirable dining "companion" from the next table staring at every forkful you put into your mouth.ANYWHO. You came here to read about the food, not the other person there, who you probably will never run into anyway! Well I started with the Bibb salad which was overly oniony for most people, but perfect for me. My own dining companion ate most of our shared bucket of bread - there were four different varieties, with two pieces of each, and an olive and tapenade plate to spread on them. Rich, salty, saucy - a great starter.For our entrees, I got the scallops on a truffle-mashed potato bed, starting out nutritiously-conscious enough by diligently eating all of the sauteed sea greens first, but then dropped the act and over my own but-I-really-shouldn't protests I licked the whole melty truffly scallopy plate clean. The scallops were like perfectly broiled butter-pats of the sea, not an iota of rubbery or chewiness. High marks.My companion developed an epic inability to make a decision, suffering a choice-freeze of Shakespearean proportions, so he ended up ordering three sides instead of an entree: A side of lobster tail (oh em gee, how spoiled can you get - just the tail? None of the effort? He's not from New England), a side of grilled shrimp (anyone else counting the cholesterol points, or am I just copping a sea-bean-eatin', healthier-than-thou attitude? But wait), and a side of ... lobster mac and cheese. He was in bliss. Ah, to have a twenty-years-younger heart!Other reviewers had mentioned how dark it is in the interior seating area, and that's no joke. It takes a long time to get adjusted. Luckily the bill comes on a lighted notepad (no, really) so even if you can't really see what you're eating, you can at least see what you're paying.
5	Great views, amazing bread and olive tapenade (sp?). Out server Jamie was very very very great! I am vegan and she suggested ways to alter their dishes to make them vegan friendly. Great service, great food, great atmosphere. Oh, and John Stamos was sitting next to us.
4	Ate at Olive's a few years back and returned for a business dinner, it was just as good the second time as the first. Everyone enjoyed their meals and the great service. Highly recommend the flatbreads for an appetizer and the gnocchi for dinner. Try to get a seat near the windows so you can get a view of the Bellagio fountains throughout dinner.
4	Great starter , octopuss with squids grilledI ordered the sword fish , kind disappointed Was too butter taste like. Wine was goodToo expensive though , I understand the mark up but this was a bit too much.My wife and I usually stay at the Wynn And we dine out at bartolotta ristorante Di mare. Very expensive but worth every penny's
5	I recently traveled to Las Vegas for a trip. I stayed at the Wynn, which I highly suggest, but I wanted to eat at Olives and watch the fountains. I am gluten free and dairy free, I have to say that over all my experience in Vegas dining was fantastic. Olives wait staff and bar staff were top notch. Very friendly and helpful and concerned with my food issues. I had the tuna carpaccio and the roasted chicken with green beans and olive oil mashed potatoes. It was all excellent. I will definitely be back here next time I am in Vegas. The mimosas were great too.
3	When we arrived we checked into the host stand and  they were kind and seated us in the main dining area near the bar. The patio was full but the bar was alive and busy. the noise was a bit loud but that can be expected in the area in which we were seated.The waiter seemed impatient and almost immediately grabbed the wine and drink list from us without making any suggestions. We had to ask for it back later and the same nonchalance was given. The bread and olive pastes were exquisite!The meal: we received our dishes but one of our entrees came out cold and had to be returned to be reheated. Sea scallops were good and so was the onion soup but was not the very best but no complaints. The butternut ravioli which we were told was prepared in a unique and special manner was kind of alright. Not the best nor the worst either and for the price was not an excellent value.The banana tiramisu was delicious and espresso martini was heavenly to end our experience.Overall this is kind of a good experience but I think I had higher expectations of the food and service that we're not met.
5	Made reservations beforehand. We were seated on time and got to sit in the patio. Great view of the fountains and the strip. Had the octopus as an appetizer it was really good. I ordered the salmon with risotto, it had a crispy skin that have it a crunch. It all tasted great. My bf had the gnocchi it was a bit sweet but still good with the goat cheese. Also had the tiramisu, prefect ending to our dinner. Definitely recommend, it was a nice restaurant and not as expensive as other nice places in Vegas.
3	Booked through OpenTable.  They had our reservation when we got there but they were over booked and we waited 30 minutes for our table.There were 4 of us and all ordered different things.  Beef tenderloin, cooked and seasoned perfectly at Medium Rare.  Surprisingly spicy sausage & ricotta ravioli.  Gnocci with pulled chicken was a bit bland and was drizzled with balsamic vinegrette that didn't bring much to the party.  And Chilean Sea Bass which was also cooked perfectly but a bit light on the seasoning.  We also got a flat-bread appetizer and 6 drinks among us.  For the most part the food was a strong 3 or a weak 4.We had a great time in spite of the issues which were: price $300, noise and lighting level (too dark, they have a cool back lighting device on the check folders so you can read the bill).  We will probably go back because it's so convenient with staying at the Bellagio.
5	Excellent spot for lunch (maybe dinner too, but we lunched there this time).Good location in Bellagio arcade with patio dinning with a view of the Bellagio fountains display, but get there early or better book those tables early because they fill up fast.  For an appetizer we shared flatbread with prosciutto and fig- generous  portion and fabulous flavors.  Great wine choices and a variety of excellent main courses.   Service was superb without being overbearing.  Pricey, but a good value for the money.
5	Loved this place! It's so cute and our server was the sweetest. :) Ordered the olive burger added crispy prosciutto, capers and lemon aioli on the side.... Soooo delicious!! :)
4	My husband and I had lunch here and really enjoyed it!  He is vegetarian, and got the butternut squash tortelli, which was really good and unique from the usual vegetarian offerings. I had the meatloaf, which was your basic meatloaf and mashed potatoes. The service was excellent and we would definitely come back again!
2	Overpriced food.  The dishes were cooked sloppy and wine was not impressive.  We had 2 different Pinot Noir by glass and they weren't all that.  The bread basket was dry.  The Dior sign across the restaurant is a total eye soar and ruins ambience.  I would not go here again.  Spend your money somewhere else and save the drama of the wait.  Our waitress was very nice.  They did special order a vegetarian primavera for me but papardelle was stuck together and it was too,salty
3	Food was fast, hot and very good. However waitress dropped the restaurants rating from 4 to 31/2. I like a nice glass of wine with my meal. By the time I got my glass of wine the waitress had to reheat my meal. Stay away from the blonde and you'll enjoy.
1	I was excited to try this place on vacation. However, was very disappointed! Service was so bad it ruined the restaurant for me, but the food was also sub-par. Do not go here.
5	We had an early dinner and got to sit on the patio overlooking the Bellagio fountains.  The server was excellent: friendly, attentive, a big smile.  We kept thinking he looked like Steve Harvey.  Food was equally good.  We started with a charcuterie plate with meats, cheeses, dried figs and candied walnuts.  That and the bread, tapenade, and olives could have been its own meal.For entrees, my wife got the gnocchi with chicken, olives, and a tomato sauce.  It was probably the lightest, richest gnocchi ever.  I had the sea bass, which was also excellent.  Fish was fresh, fatty, and cooked perfectly.  I didn't care much for the white bean and tomato roulade but did like the brocolini.  We also had tempura green beans that were very good.Finally, dessert was yummy.  It was essentially tiramisu made with banana bread.  Whoever came up with that idea is a genius.  A big scoop of vanilla ice cream and more chelate sauce would have made it perfect, but kudos to the dessert chef on this one!If you are looking for a nice dinner in Vegas, I highly recommend Olives.
4	Our large group of sixteen were seated right on time and they were busy, so off to a good start.  This is not a quiet restaurant when its busy, so keep that in mind if you are wanting an intimate evening for two.We had a couple of starters that included a meat and cheese tray and a flat bread pizza, both were great.  I had a house salad and loved it.  For dinner, I ordered the salmon entree which was really good and some others had the scallops which were supposed to be excellent too.I would go back and hope for the patio seating the next time.
2	We arrived at 7:30pm for our reservation at 8pm and they were able to seat us early which was really nice. I ordered the beef carpaccio for a starter and the spaghetti and meatballs (one of the specials). My husband ordered the onion soup as a starter and a mushroom pasta dish. I also ordered a glass of wine while my husband had sparkling water. The beef carpaccio was NOT my favorite. If you look at others pictures on here, it's accurate. It's quite big so if you are eating with a vegetarian you are on your own! It had a weird fried polenta cake under salad and then all of the beef was on top of that. I love when beef carpaccio is served with balsamic, capers, etc... but this didn't even taste that great. My waitress asked me what I thought of it and I said, "it's big." She said it's actually only 2oz of meat. It just didn't taste that great and the presentation was off-putting. My husband liked his soup but it was pretty small and he would have probably been happier with a larger bowl (it was definitely a case of size reversal!). They do bring you a basket of bread with olives and 2 types of olive tapenade. The bread was quite good. The spaghetti and meatballs weren't that great either. The meatballs were the best part and had a lot of flavor as there were two types of meat ground together but there was nothing spectacular about the spaghetti or the sauce. I looked for salt at one point but none was to be had and I didn't want to risk offending the chef by asking for some. After the unappetizing starter, I was not that interested anyway and ended up wasting a lot of food since we were in a hotel and didn't have a fridge to take it back to even if I wanted to. My husband said his meal wasn't that great either. The price for 2 starters, 2 entrees, 1 glass of wine and 2 bottles of sparkling wine came out to $180 with tip. That was the most disappointing part. 2 stars are for the great service we had. We loved our waitress and the other servers. They were super attentive and kind. Save your money and go elsewhere!
4	Todd English himself came to my table and wished me a Happy Birthday.  Does it get any better than that?!?!?!?!?!?!  Completely star struck!  On top of that, our server, his name was Paul, gave us the most AMAZING experience EVER.  He was awesome.  Can't say enough about my experience here.  The food - everything we had was great.  And if I have to recommend one thing, get the Carpaccio.  Share it though because it is ginormous!  I had take one star away for two things though (hey, I'm an honest yelper!)... first we made reservations about 4 months in advance of the big bday dinner in Vegas.  We requested a table outside, overlooking the fountains.  When we got there, they said those tables are first come first serve. That's something they should've told us... that way, we would've made our dinner reservations earlier!  But Paul tried and he was so awesome!  And in the end, I'm glad we stayed where we were in his section!  I guess things do work out the way they are supposed to.  The second reason I had to minus a star is because they stuck us on the smallest table ever for a party of 8.  I mean, we could barely fit our food plates on that table.  But neither of these two things would stop me from coming back to Olives!
4	Very nice.  A little hard to get in the day I went but it was a Friday...  Wound up with a seat at the bar and other than feeling like I really needed to rush through dinner so they could work another paying customer in it was excellent.  I went with the crazy mushroom pasta - so many levels of flavor going on in here...it was hard to stop.  I did though, and consequently wound up getting 2 meals out of 1 with this dish b/c I had plenty leftover for lunch another day.  It's not too expensive if you take this into consideration.  If you are looking to cut down on the price you might also wanna skip multiple $16 cocktails.  I didn't - I went for the gusto.  Something like a margarita but less sweet and with cilantro had it's hooks in me...  I heard everyone saying the place to sit was the balcony - apparently you wind up with an excellent view of the dancing waters if you sit there...so maybe next time.  Will def go back for that pasta...
2	25 minute wait despite a reservation for 2. Passed 4 empty tables on the way to ours. Hostess was condescending about the wait time. We were promptly attended to by the wait staff,  then had to wait 10 min before we saw anyone again. My water sat empty for over 5 minutes. As the meal progressed,  the service improved. The food was excellent as I've come to expect from Olives. The carpaccio was excellent. I wish the early impression and the delay in seating hadn't left such a bad taste in my mouth.
1	Pretty disappointed after reading the reviews. The Tortelli was too buttery/sweet and was served cold in the center. The flatbread was below average - tasted like a bake-at-home pizza from your local grocery store. Much like all restaurants in Vegas, quite expensive, but the food wasn't even tasty. Definitely not worth the time & money.
1	there is nothing worse than a bad hostess specially in Las Vegas where you get spoiled with the good service everywhere.my wife and I were planning on celebrating our 1 yr old daughter birthday at the Belagio fountains . we made a reservation at olives  6 pm knowing that we might have to wait to sit outside since we were told  we can't request it(weird but not my business).we arrived on time and I immediately checked the patio and found  couple tables available  with no one waiting so I asked to be seated on one of them.  the answer was no and I have to wait 2-3 hours to sit outside .when  I inquired about the two available tables  she told me they were reserved . after a short argument she failed to explain how they could when i couldn't and there you go she turned extremely rude to exit from the situation  .totally unprofessional, I canceled the reservation and filed a complain with hotel management(still did not hear from them).hope I am an isolated experience .but still this is how I rate them.
3	Very ordinary food. excellent service. I ate there earlier this week and have no specific recall of the food--that is not good.
5	The atmosphere is beautiful and the food is so good. All the different breads in the bread bowl were amazing and their green olive spread went really well with the breads. I got the ricotta ravioli which was amazing- the raviolis were so fresh and the Italian sausage mixed in was really flavorful. The only only thing was the wine was eh. But that doesn't even matter because of how satisfying the food was.  My man def got it right by picking this place for our last dinner in Vegas!
3	My friend took me here for a little celebration for my husband. She's been here before and really enjoyed it. I, on the other hand, thinks this this restaurant is a bit overpriced (granted it's on the strip) for food that isn't really that great. I ordered gnocchi which was probably the worst I've yet to have. My sister ordered their scallop and it was heavily salted. The service was OK, not great, not bad. Honestly, I don't think I would come back here. It was good for the experience sitting by the fountain, but they kept turning the music volume high and low which kind of made it not so great.
5	Went here with my girlfriend Tiffanie who wrote the review below mine lol. The food was very good. I ordered the Fettuccine carbonara which was delish. The bread they give is an assortment. They also give olive spread which didn't look too appetizing but was shocked how good it was with the bread. The service was great also. On a side note we saw Dana White from the UFC eating there so it has to be good right?
3	I feel that most people come here for flatbreads and drinks. With that said, I feel that maybe I just ordered the wrong things and still want to give this place another chance. Service was great, atmosphere was fun and lively, feels like a place to  have casual business meetings lol And the view of the Bellagio fountains was beautiful.The beef tartare  was alright, good flavor but nothing impressive (sage is where it's at! Lol). I had the spit roasted pork chop and I was pretty disappointed. The flavor tasted very basic and was actually pretty tough and chewy. I can make a better pork chop at home. My boyfriend had the grilled sirloin and he said it wasn't anything special either. After being disappointed, we didn't try to order dessert. We went to the bacchanal buffet at Caesar's earlier that day and actually preferred that!I want to come back and try some of  the flatbreads, beef carpaccio, seafood and desserts or just from  a prix fixe menu and hopefully will have a better experience.
5	First rate! Food, drinks and cocktails are amazing!Jon is easy on the eyes!
5	I can't really give a full review as we only sat at the bar and had apps. I will say that this was the best beef carpaccio I have ever had!! The service was great and the atmosphere was amazing. You can sit outside and watch the water show at the Bellagio. Definitely a place to check out.
5	We had a group of 11 of us for dinner for a bachelor party. They seated us at the chef's table that was indoors but had a view of the fountains which was awesome. The food was also fantastic. I don't like olives but I had to try the tapenade that came with the bread to start. It was pretty good. I figured if the restaurant is called olives then you have to try it.We had the fig & prosciuotto flat bread to start and it was amazing. As my main course I had the beef tenderloin with asparagus tempura and potato puree. It was very good. I would say the food was not quite as good as Gordon Ramsey's Steak restaurant but the experience was just as good.
4	We have a lunch for 6 of us. This review should get a 5 star if we would get our patio reservation as requested. The  bread, octopus/squid appetizer was really good. raw beef salad was really good and My Scallops lunch dish was amazingly good. Services was good, the ambiance was really nice. it would of been a perfect lunch if we could enjoy the Water fountain show at the same time.Great!!!!
4	Love love love the carpaccio. Never had anything else and don't want to. You will not be disappointed.
5	After making reservations before we arrived in Vegas, and travelling to other hotels to eat, we happened into Olives (staying at the Bellagio) because we didn't feel like going any further that evening.  We didn't have reservations but found 2 places at the bar.  They serve a full menu at the bar.  Service was fantastic, and food was excellent.  I had Chilean sea bass on mushroom risotto, and I've thought of it since!  My husband had Beef Carpaccio and was just as pleased as I was.
4	Very solid meal.  Group of four and started with three appetizers, which was the highlight of the meal.  One in our party mentioned Todd English is known for his flatbread and the prosciutto and fig flatbread was awesome, by far the best dish.  Tuna tartare was also perfectly prepared but did comparable at many other restaurants.  We also had the grilled octopus and squid, which seems like the trendy dish right now, it was good but not a huge squid fan.As an entree, had lamb shank.  Again it was very solid but did not take the dish to any new levels.  MOst disappointing was green beans tempura.  The tempura and taste was perfect, but they came out of the kitchen at room temperature.  If they are nice and hot, probably would of moved Olives to five stars.Overall, an excellent meal but not earth shattering.
4	We were in town and were looing for something different.  We also wanted Italian.  While were walking around the shops around 5:00/5:15 and were walk-ins.  Had we walked in twenty minutes later, I'm not sure if we would have gotten a seat.  We lucked out on the patio.  It was a bit warm (June), but well worth it.  We had the Fois Gras (A bit over cooked for us) the carpacio, the scallops and the ravioli.  All were fantastic.  Service was great.  The sommelier was slightly unremarkable, but attentive.  We enjoyed it and would go back.
3	Not bad, not excellent. Nice patio view (not as good as Mon Ami).  Service is good.  Assorted bread basket paired with olive assortment and 2 types of olive spreads.  I asked for the cheese ravioli in a cream sauce. Server suggested that it didn't make for good flavor.  I chose a different pasta dish. Beef carpaccio - $20 Large portion good to share 3 or more people. Overall good.  Arugula in the center over something like cornbread but sticky like rice cake (didn't care for that part)Butternut squash tortellini - the first bite is excellent.  However it is very sweet.  And if you aren't in the mood for it, it is difficult to finish.   I could do with less squash and extra sage would be great. For tortellini, carpaccio, sea bass, lobster add on, 3 wine. $205 - 2 people with tipIn all honesty I've had a better tasting more satisfying meal at much more affordable Italian restaurants.  If I really want the view I would choose French at Mon Ami Gabi over this restaurant.  Decent service.  Just nothing spectacular about the food.
3	I wish I could give this place more stars because I am a huge Todd English fan.  The view from the patio was perfect.  It felt like our own private oasis in the middle of the Vegas strip.   The service was also good.  The food was good, but not GREAT for what you are paying.  We started with the Beef Tartare.  It was really lacking flavor The black truffle emulsion was really good when you could scrape up a little bit of it just for more flavor, but there was very little on the plate.  I had the scallops and they were good.  Cooked perfectly.   My husband had a sirloin steak which was supposed to have a Cajun rub I believe.  He said it really didn't seem like it had much of anything.  In order to enjoy good Todd English cuisine, next time I'm in Vegas, I'll stick to his P.U.B.
1	A two person $180 bill for Cheesecake Factory experience with bad service?  Brutally bad, which I never expected.  (One star because of expectations based on price point and location.)What do they sell here - heavily?  THE VIEW.  So, what are you paying for here?  THE VIEW.  The food is almost second.  On their website, what do they show you?  THE VIEW.  They show pictures and pictures of the gorgeous views of the fountains.  Um, you're not sitting by the fountains - not even close and they're super snobby about it, like there's some secret way to get it.  It's bait and switch because you literally have no chance of getting that view here at dinner... yet, that's their main selling point (and people who get it stay longer than two hours).  We checked in at 6:45 and they saw it notated that I requested the fountain view.  The hostess (who never smiled once), knowing it was requested in my reservation, callously said it would be another two hours if we wanted that, knowing we were there for a 6:45 dinner and, what, we're just going to walk around for two hours?  Then I would have made a 4:45 reservation, if that was the case.  Instead... what view did we get?  The view of the planter in the back corner, and windows with drapes blocking any kind of view through the umbrellas outside.  We were laughing about how bad of a view it was.  (I'm attaching a picture in this review.)  I hate to keep harping on it because, with sitting near a view of ANY kind, this place just looks exactly like the Cheesecake Factory decor.  If I want to a Cheesecake Factory experience, I would have gone there for 1/3 of the price... for the same views and probably better food.  We were also laughing because of how loud it was, as we were by some interior waiter station, clanging cups and broken glasses... the soundtrack for the little bit of the fountain we could kind see.Also, I was completely over-dressed with a suit and no tie.  People are in here with shorts and t-shirts.  What!?  There's no jacket policy?  Or, at least a collared shirt?  It's farm town tourist central here.  I expected this to be along the lines of SW Steakhouse and it's not even close, as far as class.   Our waitress was awful.  Just an older lady who tried covering up a bad attitude with a teeth-gritting fake smile.  Her lack of knowledge of the menu was astonishing.  We asked about a couple wines and if it was dry or sweet or whatever and she just kinda repeated what we were saying, like, it can't be both.  Any other place, the waiter/waitress would have brought out a couple samples.  Not with her. The food.  I ordered a Greek salad and gnocchi, with a Riesling.  The bread and olives were great... I love olives and they have various kinds and spreads.  All great.  The salad was good, again, with olives.  The entree of the gnocchi?  Sloppy mess. Dry, overcooked chicken.  Soupy.  Random mess.  I ate half of it then just gave up.  Brutal.  How do you screw up gnocchi?   Kind of sad when the bread and spread far exceeds the entree.  The only thing upscale about this place is price point... nothing else justifies it.  It is NOT a "fine" dining experience.  Trust me, if you want a nice night out... go to ANYTHING at the Wynn because you what you "think" you're getting here... is exactly what you get there.  I've been to a number of places there and all were great, especially with the water view.  Just a different vibe, better service, etc.  The ONLY reason to come here would be the view and there's apparently some super secret way to get it... which I do not know of.  Obviously I had, what I assume to be, an "outlier" experience, basically, the worst possible experience one could have but I'd never risk giving it another shot... so there won't be a follow-up review.  I've seen enough.
3	In town for a conference, and after a great lunch here 2years ago, suggested our group try it for dinner.The wait was tolerable with our reservation, but the room was over filled and screaming loud. Services was slow due probably to the crowded dinning room, but Joel was attentive and helpful.Come hungry, portion sizes were huge!Wine list is on an iPad, which was going dead...a little more attention to detail may be helpful.Lunch experience was much better than dinner.
2	I can't give it one star b/c the food is good.  Monday night-June in Vegas.  My Moms 70th...every time I am in Vegas I eat here-always good.  My moms 1st trip in 30 years-seemed like the logical spot.  No requests for patio ahead of time-well when we arrived 30 minutes ahead of time for our reservation we were told the patio already had a 1hr  wait???? When I asked how that was possible I was told it just was. We got a nice booth.  Happy.  Asked for a Sommelier and it took 30 minutes though Adam was awesome once he got there.Waiter-Reimer S, was the weak link. Rude, rushed and 1st time ever I had a bill removed from my hand when I finished signing it -literally.I would have to say a longtime classic has succumbed to the tourist trappings and it is too expensive to be treated like cattle ...sad. And super bummed we chose to spend this special night here.#nodoovers
5	This restaurant was friggin fantastic. We went here for dinner and I can honestly say it was in the top 5 best meals I've ever had.They bring out several kinds of breads with different olive spreads - so good.The service was amazing. They really dote over you and make you feel like royalty.The food - exquisite. From the steak to the Lobster Mac N Cheese, we were in heaven.The VIEW, OH THE VIEW!!!!! We had a seat right by the window overlooking the fountains...it was heaven. So beautiful. And we stayed for hours, weren't rushed out at all.Can't wait to go back. Everything was top notch. This restaurant is excellent.
3	Not the most amazing experience I've had in Las Vegas, but we went for lunch and only ordered the flatbreads. However, my friend ordered the scallops and said they were perfectly cooked, so this review is mainly about the service. The waitress tended to be unattentive
5	Olives provided a perfect evening.  The food was exceptional and the outdoor seating overlooking the fountains provided the ideal ambience.  Beautiful!
4	This place has such an awesome view of the fountains, and that alone is worth a star in my book. If you can grab a table on the outdoor patio when it's not too hot, be sure to do so. Besides the view, the menu is pretty awesome too... especially if you like olives as much as I do!My husband and I came here a few times during a recent trip to Vegas, both out of convenience and the fact that we like what they have to offer. Two of our visits were for lunch. I love the fact that they start the meal with bread and... Butter? Nope! Olive oil? Guess again! OLIVE TAPENADE! Are you beginning to feel my love for olives yet? ;-) I had to try their daily salad special, which just happened to be offered both days we were there and was good enough that I ordered it twice. The mix of watermelon, tomato, arugula, and feta cheese did a happy dance in my mouth! I chose two pasta dishes for my two lunch entrees... gnocchi with kalamata olives and goat cheese (super great flavors combined there) and amaretto butternut squash ravioli (sweet and savory all at the same time). My husband also enjoyed the gnocchi dish one day and went with a burger for his next meal, which he thought was delicious. During another visit, we came for drinks and dessert. The drinks were out of this world good... a daily special of raspberry mojitos with plenty of fresh raspberries and mint muddled into the drink. For my dessert choice, I went with a refreshing sorbet. It consisted of three flavors (peach bellini, mixed berry, and melon) set on top of a dish of fresh berries... a perfect summer day treat! My husband opted for a sweet ice cream sandwich duo that looked super yum.I'm sure we'll make a stop at Olives again in the future. The food and view are tough to beat!
2	I've dined here several years ago and remember it being amazing. We went for dinner last night. Let's just say my favorite part of the dinner was the olive spread we received. My husband got the prime-- the sauce ruined everything. It was bitter and awkward. I got the gnocchi-- a dish a frequently order. It was too soft and didn't have any taste. I picked through the dish and ate the olives and tomatoes. I won't be returning. Very disappointed.
2	My husband made a reservation for my birthday, he requested the fountain view but of course was not guaranteed. We arrived 40 min early & the hostesses were so overwhelmed, didn't even say happy birthday to me & told us to wait an hour & a half for the view.We took the regular table, the restaurant was so packed, we were literally next to other tables & it was super loud we couldn't have a conversation so we left. The restaurant doesn't not provide a memorable experience, they should focus in quality & not quantity!
1	Their steak is a joke.  It couldn't have been more than 3oz.  for 49$.  If you are looking for a nice steak dinner go elsewhere or be prepared to go to dinner somewhere afterwords which is where I am going now.
5	Stopped by here for lunch on a weekday. No reservations were required and we stepped right in to an open table.We had the carpaccio and it was delicious. My friend also had the scallops, which were served in risotto. This was a very well made dish, texture and taste wise. I would highly recommend it for anyone who likes scallops and risotto. We also ordered the truffle fries which were potato wedges with truffles as well as a flat bread. Both were good. The flat bred resembles a pizza and makes a good appetizer for a party of 3-4. One of the best parts of Olives is the view of the Bellagio fountains. Sitting inside, the backdrop of this restaurant are the fountains. Probably very romantic at night. There's also balcony seating and I would love to try to get a table on the balcony next time, if it's not too hot. Overall, very recommended!
5	Excellent food. I went with friends ane we ordered the chicken pie, bangers and mash, chicken blt, and the fish n chip. Everything was good. Service was prompt and friendly.  The experience was enjoyable.
5	Love this place. The food is excellent top to bottom and the staff is extraordinarily attentive. My wife can't eat dairy and all three times we've been there, they have adjusted dishes to meet her needs and all were delicious. The squid and octopus appetizer is one of my favorites and the tuna tartare is outstanding as well. This trip my wife had the beef tenderloin, which was like butter, and the olive oil mashed potatoes, which were really great. I had the sea bass with sausage and bean cassoulet, watercress, and garlicky broccolini, all in an orange juice and balsamic vinegar sauce that was just perfect. The menu is not cheap but this place is totally worth it, right down to the delicious olive tapanades that come with the bread. If you're looking for a great dinner in Vegas, this should be on the list.
4	Holy crap, get the $18 beef carppacio appetizer.  Normally when you order beef carpaccio you expect about 8-10 thin slices... not here.  You get seriously about 1/3 lb of beef.  I wouldn't say it's the best beef carpaccio ever, but it was very good... and with a generous portion.I elected for the 3 course prix fixe menu.  Came with a watermelon salad, seafood pasta and fruit sorbet for $32.  Pretty cheap.  The watermelon salad was.. okay... the seafood pasta was good, albeit a bit bland and boring.  the sorbet was pretty good.My gf got the scallop risotto..... which was amazing.  The risotto was flavored with truffles and I could be wrong but the bite I tried from her had actual pieces of black truffle....... it wasn't just truffle oil!  I was jealous of her dish.
5	I was in the restaurant last night.  My friend  and I arrived pretty late, but were told we could still order dinner if we sat at the bar.  Andrew was friendly and very accommodating when my friend didn't like her flatbread pizza. I had the lamb chops which were amazing! She had the flatbread replaced with the mushroom risotto. Awesome!  Will definitely come back again and hopefully will be able to sit on the patio to watch the fountains then!
4	This was my favorite restaurant in Vegas (I was there for five days and ate out for lunch and dinner every day).  We started with the flatbread--the HouseFarm? one (with asparagus).  It was solid and had a nice texture.  I preferred the taste of the foccacia bread that came at the start of the meal but this was a good choice for an app and was a good choice to split among three people.For my entree, I had the mushroom papperdelle.  It was really good.  The description is right on except for the lack of mushrooms in the dish.  There were actually very few mushrooms in the dish but it was still good.  Nothing amazing or different but a very good dish.The drinks were good (strong).  My friends loved their drink called the Slingback--very delicious and sweet.  I had a martini which was good.Service was amazing.  Like most places, they make you wait no matter what even if you have a reservation but they seated us quickly.  This is the ONLY place I went to this trip that I would return to on my next trip.  I have no idea why the reviews are not averaging higher especially compared to the places that were five stars.
4	Excellent view, very good food, pricey, service very good and very nice atmosphere. Servers look a little stressed and very busy. Don't know why so I won't speculate. I'm happy my 2 boys got to see a classy wedding proposal. I actually caught it all on video. I hope they learned something from the young man. Great planning on his part and they looked like very nice genuine people.
5	Upon my return to Olives, I had one of the most romantic and wonderful experiences ever in Las Vegas. The food was exceptional, the service was out standing. But what took my breath away is sitting outside next to the fountains at night during a full summer moon. I felt like we weren't in Las Vegas, between the cuisine, wine and service. Thank you so much for this wonderful experience and I can't wait to go back upon my next visit to Las Vegas!
3	I was really looking forward to eating here as I'm a sucker for Mediterranean food. But I was pretty disappointed. Had the squid and octopus to start - the octopus was pretty mediocre even with a strange flavor, the squid overcooked and chewy. Had the scallops and prosciutto, it was only ok. The decor was great and the service fine. The glass of wine I had was quite good. But I came for the food and it was a serious disappointment.
4	My wife and I came here with my mom on four separate occasions during our most recent trip to Vegas.  Twice for lunch, once for dessert, and once for drinks.  Each time this place did not disappoint.  It's located just inside the Bellagio, near all of the shops that sell things which very few people can afford.  They do have a small, but nice outdoor patio.  They have big umbrellas and misters to help you avoid the heat.  It has a nice view of the fountain show if you eat out there at night.I tried several different things while I was here:  Caesar salad, complimentary bread, gnocchi, cheeseburger and fries, rasberry mojito, and some cookie ice cream sandwiches.  Everything I had was really good.  Lots of good flavors in all of their dishes.  They're also big on presentation, which I like as well.  I probably liked the cheeseburger and fries the best.  It was full of flavor, and it was huge.  I don't think you could go wrong with most anything on the menu, though.  It's probably better to come here for lunch, as everything is a little cheaper.  That said, it's still fairly pricey for lunch.  Then again, you're in the Bellagio in Vegas.  You're not going to find any Burger King type prices anywhere in this place.I would highly recommend this place if you're looking for a nice lunch or dinner with an excellent view.  I enjoyed everything and will be back when the opportunity presents itself.
5	Excellent all the way!
5	The free bread with olive spread is delicious. Overall good and cheapest place to watch the fountains while you eat.
4	Compared to the rest of the restaurants at the Bellagio, this one is A ok for me at least. I did not find the service to be as High end as in other Bellagio restaurants. Otherwise food also was ok. The view if you are sitting outside (which I have seen now about 10 times or so) is stunning if it is your first time.
4	Bad host, great bar, awesome waiters, and incredible view!!! Food was very good. I got the seat outside, fountain view. It was great experience in Las Vegas. However, I was waiting for 2 hours to get that seat even I reserved and shown up early. So stupid! But worth it. Big thanks to the waiter, he finally moved us to the edge of patio. It is the best!
5	One of the best meals I have ever had. We have wanted to try Olives for a long time and just never had made it here before on trips to Las Vegas. The pasta was handmade and melted in your mouth. The entire meal was perfection.
4	Solid.Even though we were staying IN the Bellagio, we still totally got lost and showed up late for our reservation (past the grace period).  They still seated us without too much fuss.Unless you are vegetarian or have some other legit reason, you MUST get the beef carpaccio.  It is to die for, and was a great size to split for 4 people.  I also had the lamb lollipop entree, and it was great. On the pricey side, but hey it's Vegas, and the food does not disappoint.
4	Went here for dinner during a business trip.  I've always wondered about the restaurant located behind the Bellagio fountains.  The service was superb.  Our table of 4 split the beef carpaccio and tuna tartare.  Both were pretty amazing. I ordered the clams linguine.  It was probably one of the best I've ever had.  So light, so tasty with a hint of lemon juice.  The noodles weren't your regular linguine noodles but more like thin slices of lasagna.  I ate it so fast!One of my co-workers ordered the salmon and he said it was pretty dry.  Another co-worker ordered the mushroom paparedelle.  Though, good, it was a bit on the heavy side.  The 3rd co-worker...well, honestly I can't remember what he ordered!  With drinks, appetizers and main courses our bill came close to $450.  I wouldn't say it was worth all that money, but it was good.
4	Olives is a very nice restaurant bar that is located in the Bellagio.  I think they can get pretty busy here during peak dining hours so I would encourage you to make a reservation.  We did so using OpenTable.Olives has indoor seating as well as patio seating.  You can also choose to sit by the bar.  The indoor area is very relaxing with little overhead lighting letting the natural light from the patio serves as the main source.  The outdoor area is great as well seating around 10 or so groups/tables.  There were large parties as well as just couples dining outside.  This is probably the best place to eat as you will be able to see the Bellagio Fountain Show during dinner.  This area is kept very cool with umbrellas and misters throughout.  I would say this place is pretty formal in terms of attire.The menu and service here are great with a nice selection of flatbreads.  They provide you with a drink and dessert menu that is presented through an iPad.  A very modern way of dining and a definite need at more venues.  Service was prompt but not overbearing allowing us to dine at our own pace.  You are served bread and olives while selecting what you would like to eat.  I had the flatbread and it was really good and refreshingly light. I would suggest coming here for a nice dinner or even for a few drinks at the bar with its great selection and appetizing bites.
3	A nice setting with great views of the fountain but the food? Meh.The good: the beef carpaccio appetizer was enormous. Never seen anything like it. Tasty but definitely meant to be shared. The OK: the mushroom pasta is 'highly recommended' according to the server. Tasty but over cooked, came out as more of tasty, flat noodled goo. The bad: octopus and squid appetizer. Made with hummus so the char taste of the grilled octopus mixed with the hummus produces a bitter, off putting flavor. Watery, not particularly visually appealing. Note I order grilled octopus wherever possible. I love it and this is not up to standards. So many great dining options in Vegas. Skip this one
2	We came here based on Yelp reviews, and the fact that we were staying at the Bellagio resort. We made a reservation with the concierge and were accomodated for an 8:30 sitting. We were escorted to the table and thought the room looked nice albeit dark. We sat down and started to chat but could hardly hear each other. The restaurant was very busy and the noise was down to the full house as well as the hard walls and tile floor. The hostess gave us two menus and an ipad. No explanation but basically figured the ipad was the wine list and menu pics etc. the server checked in and asked if we would like to start with some wine, I said that we werent sure what we were going to eat so would need some time before our wine choice. BIG MISTAKE, at least 20 minutes passed before we saw him again, we were on minute three of our 5 minute countdown to walking out. We ordered the carpaccio, the mushroom tagliatelle and the gnocci and a bottle of Layer Cake. The carpaccio arrived and it was as advertised, delicious. We also got some tappenade but I just don't get the white chocolate scone as an accompanyment. We again waited for what seemed a very long time for the remnants of the carpaccio to be taken away. And then we waited, and waited. the table next to us who came in while we were ordering recieved their appy and entree and were deciding about desert while our server announced that the kitchen would be plating our pasta momentarily. I would have complained directly to this guy but he was a ghost. A different person was continually dropping off our food or refilling our water. Once the pasta arrived , the gnocci was fine, nothing special, and the mushroom pasta was well over cooked, mushy and stuck together, at the quality check we actually mentioned that its was just Ok, but no reaction. Bottome line? don't bother
5	Amazing restaurant at the Bellagio!!!! Food was second to none.  Definitely worth the money!!!
5	Solid... and tasty.  Great experience sitting on the patio with good food, drink, and the Bellagio fountains.I'm tempted to reduce by one star because Todd English wasn't there for us.  Chef... how could you do that to us?  Ha ha ha.I've been wanting to eat here for a long time.  And now that we did I am pleased to have had a totally good experience.
5	So glad that we ate here! Everything was amazing, from the view, the drinks, the food, and the service!! Because of the reviews, we had the beef carpaccio, and it was wonderful! My husband and I had never eaten it before, and we both loved it! I had the butternut squash pasta, and my husband had the scallops - both second to none! We've eaten at many high end restaurants, and this was just such a fun atmosphere! Make sure to request to sit on the patio - the Bellagio fountains make the experience! So wonderful and so romantic! Will definitely be dining here during our next Vegas trip!
4	First time - pleasant ! Daringly sat outside in the middle of summer knowing the heat but it wasn't too bad. Started with the watermelon/arugula salad and hummus both of them were good and perfect sizes. Entree was butternut squash pasta and the gnocchi with pesto? I believe . Everything was great and came out fairly quick. Prices weren't as pricey and I thought. It was also my birthday so they gave a commently dessert not sure what it was but it was kind! I'd go back
3	definitely one of the better restaurants i have eaten at on the Strip.  eating out on the patio is a treat.  i have been here a few times for various events, and the food can be inconsistent, so i can definitely understand if other people have had more of the "meh" experience.
5	Olives lived up to everything we hoped it would be. The food, drinks and ambiance were perfect. We had the cheese and meat board to start which were great. The Gnocchi and Fig and Prosciutto flat bread were to die for! Add the view of the fountains and it's perfect!
5	Went for a late dinner with reservations at 9pm, needed to wait an extra hour to sit outside and we did. Just walked around and had a cocktail at a lounge. Absolutely loved the view and show!The service was great and the food was amazing!We decided on the three course prix fix for $55 and added the wine pairing for an additional $20 each. The oysters were okay, but the fish and steak entrees were mouth watering. We had tiramisu for dessert and it was very good too. You get a separate type of wine for each course, well worth the $20. Overall, wonderful evening
2	I didn't actually get to eat here.I had reservations.  I wanted to sit on the patio.  I checked in and told the waitress that I wanted to sit on the patio and I was willing to wait however long it would take and she said no, absolutely not possible.  Even if I'm willing to wait 2,3,4+ hours?  No, it's impossible, she states.  I just left.  I was so looking forward to that dinner but it didn't happen.  Disappointed.
3	I started with a $15 mojito at the bar. And then I elected the prix fixe dinner menu for $55. I regretted the latter decision. Although the starter two oysters were fresh, they were tiny, and I could tell from that that the rest of my meal would be unsatisfyingly small in portion. And indeed it was! My steak was probably only 6-8 oz. and was extremely dry and somewhat chewy and charred. But the sauce was good, though it didn't do enough to cover up the char. Lastly, the sorbet dessert was disappointing because the texture was that of dying-sorbet-making-machine-frozen-yogurt. But.The service was wonderful. Our waiter was extremely patient while we perused the menu, and even helped us out when we overheard us discussing how to obtain show tickets. He was sincere and kind, and frequently returned to our table to make sure everything was going well.And the beef carpaccio was amazing. I was extremely apprehensive about eating raw beef, but I worried to no avail. The beef was thinly sliced, spread atop a bed of cornbread and spring greens, and sprinkled with prosciutto. Just amazing.The patio view is great, too. You can watch the fountain show while having dinner--how often do you get to do that?
5	Great dining experience every part of our dining experience was wavelength from appetizer to main course . Paul our server was courteous and superb .We have stayed at Bellagio many times and this was our first time at Olives.It will be one of our must eat places when next we visit .
4	I love Olives and I try to dine there as much as possible. I reccomend the patio seating because it faces the fountains and you have a lovely view during dinner. Everything from the bread to the olive tapenade is amazing. Their drink menu is featured in an Ipad. I had the double pear martini and it was perfect. The beef carpaccio is amazing. I almost ate half of it myself. I still haven't tried a better beef carpaccio than the one from Olives. My ricotta ravioli was perfection. This is a good place for a date because the lights are dim and it has a very romantic vibe to it.
2	I gave this restaurant a 2 stars for many reasons. I came here for my boyfriend's birthday thinking it would be a great experience since its looks romantic sitting next to the Bellagio fountains and eating outside on an August night . We unfortunately were seated inside (which is understandable since the outside was so busy), but I was the only one who could see the fountains from my seat and my boyfriend barely could get a glimpse of them. I know they can't guarantee a window seat or outside seating but just the fact that they didn't try despite my request that I made with my reservation was frustrating. The service was OK nothing too special. The tables are super close to each other (less than arms length) and it is very noisy. So not romantic! There were 3 different people who had wine glasses fall off their tables and break (seems to be quite the often occurrence). In fact the tables are so close to each other that I got elbowed in the head by the waitress serving the table next to us! I was very disappointed because it was nothing like I pictured it, don't let the dim lighting, candles at every table and the 'view' of the fountains fool you.. it is not a place for a quiet romantic dinner!
3	Made a reservation for 7:15 and requested balcony seating. Arrived and lady was pretty dismissive saying they sat all seats outside and it would be over an hour before one opens up, then turned and walked away before we can finish speaking to her. The wait doesnt really bother me as much  as the dismissive attitude of the hostess. Also be warned, apparently reservations dont mean much for balcony seating.Update after meal : Paul was a great server and the service by the wait team was great. The food was good as always. mac and cheese was delicious, scallops and risotto was good but scallops were on the over seasoned side, and the Tuscany flat bread was nice. The carpaccio is a very well balanced dish. Steak and lobster was a little forgettable but all in all great meal.
2	We went for a late dinner reservation 9pm, as many other reviewers seemed to have a better experience later in the evening. We had requested to sit outside, but were told it would be hours more to wait for a table outside, so we sat inside. Our server was fine, but we were near some kind of server station and on two separate occasions glasses were dropped and flying pieces of glass came all around us, not quite the atmosphere you would expect from a nice restaurant, one server even asked for our help to find the broken pieces of glass. The food was unremarkable. We started with a Fig & Prosciutto flat bread, which was fine but nothing special. I had the salmon which was by far the best main course at our table, however it was drenched in butter so it was very rich and I could not finish it. The butternut squash tortellini was shaped nothing like tortellini but more like cannelloni and lacked taste completely.I don't even remember what the men at the table had. The also had a photographer going around the restaurant snapping pictures, which reminded me of a cheesy cruise ship. The photographer was asking $45 for the pictures she took and rolled her eyes when we said we were not interested. I also saw the photographer run out of the restaurant and down the shopping plaza after a couple who had finished their dinner, but apparently not seen their picture yet! The whole photographer situation seemed odd and left a bad taste in my mouth.
4	We had an 8pm reservation.  Were seated right away and got a balcony seat. Which I had read was difficult to achieve. So we were very pleased about our table! Paul was our waiter, he was personable and efficient!  Plus we really liked him! They need to describe the salads better. The one I chose had prosciutto on the top of the salad and I didn't see that listed in the ingredients.  It could have been there I just didn't notice.  Took it off the top and ate the salad anyway.  My husband had a different salad that was more Mediterranean and he liked it a lot. He ordered the corn ravioli, which he liked but I didn't.  I had a salmon dish that was Amazing!  All in all a very good dining experience.  Plus we had an excellent view of the fountains!
3	The drinks and service is really good. Get the window or outside seat for good view. I ordered ravioli but it did not taste like a delicacy it tasted like frozen ravioli.
2	This was the most disappointing meal during our visit in Vegas last week.We visited the place and it was packed. So, we made reservation for three days later.This place is way overated !!!There was nothing worth mentioning. We cordered mushroom pappardelle and sea bass.Nothing stood out other than the price. For the price, location, and hype, I expected something more. The cocktails were okay. I ordered three pears and the sling. #15 per drink. Not much alcohol in them. more like fruit juice. The service was friendly thought. The waitress was very pleasant.But toward the end of the meal, you can sense they want you out because people are waiting outside..overated ! hype! Didn't live up to my expectation for a Bellagio Vegas experience.
5	I ran into this restaurant on accident. I was skeptical to try it out considering how much I hate olives but I must say the food was amazing. Very tasteful! The Bloody Mary was to die for. I also got to see  glimpse of the bellagio water show! I will be coming back  for sure!
5	Food is terrific. Patio, fountain seating is limited,  so get there early and call to reserve.  Ask for closest to the fountain seats. If you like rare the steak tartar and tuna tartar are fabulous.  They take food alergias seriously,  just ask and even the bread selection will be accomodated. by far the tastiest,  most tender pork chop I've had.
3	3.5 stars for food, 4 stars if the fountains were on when I came. FOODComplimentary bread and dip (4 stars): The bread variety was great. The spreads are all olive spreads, really good if you're an olive fan, if not, you're out of luck. Margarita Chicken Sandwich (3.5 stars): Juicy chicken, not amazing flavors but pretty good. Needed more basil. Spicy Chicken Flat bread (3.5 stars): Needed more flavor too, but still good. Not as crunchy on the bottom of the pizza, but the crust was crunchy. Cookie Sandwich Sundae (3.5 stars): Actually pretty small compared to the picture they show you! But good when it's so hot out outside! We asked to do both vanilla ice cream sandwiches and they did it. Good ice cream, good cookie. Complimentary Cream Puffs for special occasions: So nice they gave something for a special occasion. Who ever they have writing in chocolate is so talented, looked perfect. VIEW (4 stars):With the fountains on it would definitely be a 5 star experience! We came on a weekday at 12:30PM for lunch and got a seat outside. I was waiting for the fountains until the waitress told me they don't turn on till 3PM on weekdays. WHATTTT, why am I here? Well it was still pretty to sit outside near the water and see the view of the strip, but the reason I came here was for those damn fountains, a little disappointing. So come after 3PM on weekdays! SERVICE (4 stars):At first when they took us outside on the patio for seating they had 2 tables open, one with partial shade, the other in the over 100 degree heat. They need to fix the umbrellas to cover all the tables more, how can you eat in that heat! We ended up scrunching into the partial shaded table. But everyone was nice. Our waters were always filled, the waitress was a little chatty with certain tables so you had to wait till she was done to ask for stuff, but other than that everything was good.
4	While waiting for our room at Paris we went to one of our favorites, Olives. Kimberly was an outstanding server. We had a nice glass of sparkling Lamberti rose which went well with our favorite, the beef carpaccio, almost a meal it's so large. The beef is laid over a mound of polenta. We also had the fig and prosciutto flat bread. The crust was perfect.  Olives style fits nicely in Bellagio.
4	My boyfriend and I waited for a patio seat, so worth it. He liked his sea bass but I don't think he would get it again. I had the butternut squash pasta, very good but very very rich, I could not finish all of it.Service was good, view of the fountains at night was excellent!!!I would go back :)
4	I really like Olives -- the food is good, the wine list is well-thought, and the atmosphere is excellent.  Getting a seat on the balcony that overlooks the Bellagio fountains is a truly wonderful experience, especially at night, though the inside of the restaurant is fine too (a steakhouse feel due to the dimmer lighting).Have had really standout service here -- the waiters, managers, and sommelier will take good care of you.  A final word on the atmosphere; the last two times I have gone, I have seen a proposal on the balcony (outdoor seating area), so it really is quite special.  I do feel that this is priced into the menu, so if you are not at all interested in watching the fountains or dining at the Bellagio, you could easily get as good a meal elsewhere on the strip at significantly lower cost.The reservations line you get through Google or Bellagio.com connects to the hotel's central reservations line, and they don't have a very good sense of how booked the restaurant is.  By asking the central reservations agent to connect you directly to the host ("can you transfer me to the restaurant?"), you will often be able to get a table even if the reservations agent tells you that the restaurant is fully booked.
4	This review is for Saturday night on Labor Day weekend, 2014. Our server Paul (if I remember correctly) was funny and attentive. We arrived at 6PM with a 645 reservation. When we arrived at 6, the lady said there was a wedding rehearsal dinner in the patio until 8 but would willingly give us a table out there if they finished early. Luckily their rehearsal ended around 7pm and we were given a table outside for 6. The reservation was for my parents 30th anniversary and we really wanted the patio table. I previously read how hard it was to get one so in the end it was so worth it because the view and ambiance was just outstanding. We ordered the beef carpaccio and smoked salmon flatbread for appetizers and the beef carpaccio was AMAZING.. I had the mushroom pappardelle and it was a little on the heavy side but aside from that--it tasted on the good average side. My dad had the mushroom risotto added on to his steak. Let me tell you--I love risotto! The texture was good, tasted cheesy and made pretty well. The lamb lollipop was amazing. Tender, soft and tasty. It was made RIGHT. We also ordered the Chilean sea bass and my brother in law had no complaints. Said it was good. In the end of our dinner, our server brought out a couple of mini choux with "happy anniversary" written in beautiful hand writing. My parents loved the dinner and enjoyed the show. Took many breathtaking pictures with the fountain show. But I got to say--if it wasn't for the patio seating granting us a good view of the fountain show, I would probably not return since the taste was a little above average but not good enough to be this overpriced.I enjoyed dinner at Olives and would definitely come back again (for the view) BUT, i do have some cons:1) When I called to make a reservation, the lady on the phone was pretty rude rushing me off the phone just because I asked if they do floral arrangement for dinner and asked her for patio seating &she said "let me tell you..when you get here you ask for patio. If you want flowers ask concierge." She was trying to be nice for the sake of her job but I can tell from her tone of voice that she wanted me off the phone ASAP.2) Patio seating should be reservable. It would take a lot less effort for customers so customers would not have to worry if they would be able to get a patio seat for special occasions.
2	This was my 4 th trip to Olives, over 4 years. This visit was a disappointment, esp as I had a guest from Palm Springs. Service was attentive but sloppy. Ice cubes left melting  on the table as server was careless. LOUD African tribal music made conversation difficult, in this lovely venue.  Menu odd.  Not all choices should be 'fusion'. We had eaten at Mon Amie Gabi previous pm, with much better food.  Would have stayed longer at Olives and enjoyed the $27/ glass wine, but the music was unbearable.
5	This is still our favorite dining experience in Vegas. Food choices are impeccable. They starter hors d'ouvres of olive tapenade and breads sets the tone. Would always recommend the beef tenderloin. Chocolate cake for dessert is a must especially if you are with date. If looking for pasta, mix it up a little and go with gnocchi.
4	This is a great spot for lunch. Recently, while on a business trip, I snuck in for a quick little lunch at the bar. On a 100+ degree Las Vegas summer day, the watermelon, heirloom tomato, and feta salad paired perfectly with a crisp Sauvignon Blanc that the bartender suggested. I will definitely be back to try a flatbread!
4	It isn't a trip to Vegas for me without dinner at Todd English's Olives   Our meal was excellent as always.   A draw back is the restaurant is noisy so if you are looking for a quiet dinner for two, this will not be the place.   If you are looking for a fastastic meal you cannot go wrong with anything on the menu
5	This was the best restaurant of our entire post-Labor Day stay!  Try the Expresso Martini - well worth the money.
5	Consistent, great service and a wonderful view. It is truly one of my Vegas favorites. Tuna tartare is excellent as is the scallops! Big fan of Todd English whom I met and thought what a gentlemen... I make a point to stop in and always impressed with how much pride the staff has working there. Just absolutely love it! Just make your reservations because it gets packed!
2	To be fair, I did not get a chance to try the good at Olives, even though I was looking forward to it. When I went, I decided to wait at the bar for a friend to meet me. The first hostess rolled her eyes at me and responded with, "Fine, if you can find a seat." I was able to take a seat at the bar. The bartender was friendly and the cocktail was excellent. A few minutes later my friend arrived. I got up from the bar to meet her and realized that both of the hostesses were being extremely rude. They informed her that since I had decided to wait at the bar, they could no longer give us a table. They also said that she could not sit at the bar because it was completely full. Both hostesses seemed incredibly put out and when I tried to speak to the about the situation, they turned away and hold me, "You should have taken your table when you got here." I had only been at the bar for 5-10 minutes, and there were several open tables.My friend and I decided that there were several other places at The Bellagio where we knew the food was excellent, and the staff were MUCH friendlier. It was disappointing.
5	One of the best scallop meals of my life here. Per a recommendation from the server, who said it was the best thing on the menu. Our table of 10 had no problem getting all food and drinks out in a timely manner. Every table gets olives and different breads that are each flavorful and delicious. Even from our table near the front of the restaurant, you could see the fountains outside. Enjoy!
5	First off - if you can get a table outside, PLEASE do.We had Paul as a server and he was the absolute best.  We ended up having a late reservation here since we wanted a table outside to see the Bellagio Fountain show.  When we got seated, we were at a table that could see the show but we were more towards the back. We got a bottle of wine and ordered the beef carpaccio to start with.   This is quite a hefty appetizer and PERFECT if it's a warm night outside since it's cold. By far some of the best I've had ever.We decided to skip the main course since we had an appetizer while waiting for our table to open up and went for the banana tiramisu. HIGHLY recommend. It was a wonderful mix of banana, cream, chocolate, dark chocolate and it was perfect. Before we ordered dessert, a table had opened up in the front row of the patio absolutely PERFECT to see the show and Paul moved us closer without even hesitating.  His great service and thoughtfulness made our night along with the ambiance and good food.Overall- Olives was a good choice for us.  It's a little pricey but hey, that's Vegas :)
5	Always great food! For lunch I had the steak sandwich with thinly sliced onion rings. My wife had scallops with risotto.  Each dish was amazing and full of flavor.  Our service was adequate and timely. I enjoy dining here for special occasions.
4	I met a friend here for lunch on Monday and had a nice experience.  Much of the menu is quite heavy for lunch, but we ended up deciding to split the salmon entree and the truffle fries to control our portions.  The truffle fries were perfect...not overwhelming or too rich in flavor.  The salmon was great too with a cognac beurre blanc sauce served with asparagus and wild rice.  The restaurant is nicely designed with beautiful views of Lake Bellagio and the fountain show and the service is top notch too!
5	They have delicious vegan gluten free options! Incredibly accommodative. Thank you for a great food experience
3	We had a 6:45 reservation but asked to be seated on the patio.  As we expected, there was an additional wait.  Seating time was 9:15 - wasn't expecting quite that long but okay, we waited and, for the view, it was worth it.  Unfortunately, after all that time we were given a table well away from the rail and didn't get the best view of the fountains.  We were happy that the view was special because the food was nothing more than average (expensive and average).  Because we had waited so long we had stopped for drinks and an appetizer earlier in the evening so we were not interested in a huge meal.  Good thing because the roasted chicken my husband ordered was a very small serving.  The sauce was delicious but that was the only stand out.  I ordered gnocchi.  Our meal was actually delayed because the kitchen felt that the first order was not right.  The order they served me was very unevenly heated.  I have a feeling I had some of the first order plus some additional new pasta.  The sauce was pretty heavy but the gnocchi were fine.  The menu mentions pulled chicken but there was very little of that on the plate.  There were several large groups on the patio that stayed for an extended time and were VERY loud - guess that's what you expect for late on a Saturday night. Warning- a photographer will come around to take pictures, which we decided to purchase.  We paid in cash and she shorted us $5 on the change.  We didn't notice right away and were too tired to go back and ask about it.  They were overpriced to start with so......
5	I. Love. This. Restaurant. We go every time we are in Vegas. The food is fabulous, the service is stellar! We always sit on the patio so we can watch the Bellagio fountains while we enjoy our meal. It doesn't get any better than this. Order the beef carpaccio, you will not be sorry! Make reservations or you may not get in (the hostesses here can get a bit snotty about it).
4	Beautiful space, great for lunch, but would love to return in the evening. The food is pretty good - pricier than its worth but expected for Vegas. I would definitely return for a brunch or a romantic evening dinner some time.Also would be great to sit outside! Lots of reasons to return and try it again :)
3	My friends and I had reservations at Todd English's OLiVES.  Located in the Bellagio, it was really nice to walk through such a famous casino and dine in style.  I also liked that their drink menu was on an iPad so you could pick a fancy drink!I had the Ricotta Ravioli, and it was delicious!  Very good, and the menu had a ton of other options.  The portion sizes weren't too much, and everything tasted really fresh.  In addition, there were definitely affordable options like flatbreads that made this a very accessible restaurant for such a fancy location and offering.I would definitely eat there again, if only to try to get seating on the coveted patio overlooking the Bellagio's famous water fountain show.
5	Love this spot at Bellagio. Has in my opinion the best view of the Fountains as long as you can get out on their elevated patio. Cool scene inside that is also very intimate and close quartered. Great for Lunch or Dinner. Love the beef carpaccio strapped over fresh arugula with capers.
3	I enjoyed my dinner at Olives.  However, with it being such an upscale place, I should have enjoyed the food and service more.  Service was lacking at the beginning, but got better as the meal went on.  We had a 5:15 reservation but be prepared!  We had to wait in line to get seated -- I found that to be odd.  So on to the food -- the foie gras appetizer was divine.  I had the gnocci and chicken, and there was scarcely 3 tiny pieces of chicken in the dish.  They were so small I had to hunt for them.  My partner had the sea bass, and that looked and tasted good, but the beans that accompanied the dish was weird.The entire meal with tip was $191.  I probably will never go back there when I'm in Vegas again.
4	Excellent drinks. Great bartenders. Great wait staff. Nice view of the fountains.  The grilled squid and octopus appetizer was a little chewey though.
1	Slow service at 11:30 am on a Saturday morning when the restaurant was not busy at all.  I was served raw chicken in my chicken sandwich.  Needless to say it was taken off our bill.  However, there is no excuse for that to ever happen.
2	Well its between a 2 and 3 star restaurant on the food. Yes I have had better.The one dish to stay away from is the Calamari / Octopus appetizer. Its a very ill composed dish. There's garbanzo bean puree,garbanzo  beans and more beans. Both the octopus and calamari overcooked. It just doesn't all go together its ill conceived . We also ordered the Brick chicken. Which was not Brick chicken at all. If you have ever had brick chicken its moist and tender and flattened. This was just oven roasted chicken.Service was good, although our water poured water into our Pelligrino  sparkling water. It's OK  but I have had better.
5	It was our second time at the restaurant. If you have time, make a reservation and get on the wait list upon arrival for the patio seat- beautiful fountains will entertain you while you dine! Service was wonderful, great wine list, foie grais was absolutely delicious!!! Last time we had scallops and steak for main courses and those tasted delicious from what I can remember. Had Chilean Sea Bass this time- save $$, don't order, I've had it better in every other place I ever ate sea bass at..
3	Had reservations on a Saturday night (10/11/14) with my wife and her parents. Wanted to sit outside but settled for inside as there was no open outside seating until after 9pm. Good ambiance and a nice setting with the fountains faintly visible in the background.Food: Menu had many options that looked great and we all ordered something different. Unfortunately, the food was so average to below average that it led me to write a review . The ladies each ordered a flat bread  (Prosciutto and Fig & Spicy Chicken Sausage). They were fine but nothing memorable. Below average dough with some fancy toppings. Father-in-law ordered the special, Braised Short Ribs. It had good flavor but a little on the dry side. Lastly, I ordered the Crazy Mushroom Pappardelle. It was $34. It was an Olive Garden dish that had a bout 4 or 5 mushrooms in it. It even had the "Signature Dish" stamp next to it; it was a disappointing signature dish. I'm rarely a harsh critic when it comes to food but the price we paid and the meal we got was disappointing.So why 3 stars instead of 1 or 2...The servers, managers and everyone that had to answer a million questions from my mother-in-law. They were so friendly and genuine in their conversations. I am terrible and can't remember their names, but the staff that worked with our table saved the experience.
4	We made a reservation about a week ahead for a large party of 15.  They put us in two separate tables... HUH?  Minus 1 star Then we waited by the bar until they could find one large table.... and about 3 drinks later we were seated.... UGH Minus 1 star.then we ordered and our food came and HOLY BEJESUS ITS SO DELICIOUS that I forgot I was annoyed.If you have somewhere to be (like a show) don't eat here.  If you don't have a show to go to... EAT HERE!!! EAT HERE EVERYDAY!!!!
3	It's just overpriced Italian food, I've been duped!! No, not really,.... but that's what my tired, semi jet-lagged brain was thinking at the time.In reality this place isn't so bad, I'd go as far as saying i enjoyed myself. After a 30 minute wait we were seated. The atmosphere was a bit more intimate and up scale.The pace sits on the Bellagio Fountains. If it's important to you, ask for a seat with a good view of the fountain because not many of them have it. Everything was overpriced, but hey, you are in one of the most popular hotel's in Vegas.The bread came out with some sort of olive pure dip or whatever, i'm mentioning it because it was memorable and delicious.  I had a glass of wine and a $34 bowl of mushroom Pasta. It was really a nice tasting dish, one thing that stuck out was the actual flavor of the pasta itself. It (the pasta) tasted homemade and stood out even among the sauce and other items. I'll file this in the "I'd rate this higher if someone else paid" category. Was here on 10/02/2014
3	We had reservations and when we were seated it was adjacent to the bar in the pathway of all the people going to the outdoor patio seating.  smack in the middle of the bar area.  I felt like I was sitting in the middle of a thoroughfare.  Not a very relaxing atmosphere.  Our server was good as well as the rest of the staff.  I ordered the charred octopus and squid which was like eating rubber bands...the octopus was the small tiny whole octopus in a chick pea sauce.  Not edible, very rubbery and certainly they were not charred.  My entree was the salmon and that was very good.  Not sure if I would return.
5	Looked like a wait, but after my wife said a few things to the server we were seated very fast. We had a very attentive server. We had drinks, both of us had the same thing. Very delish and had some kick so one was enough. For our food we had the Butternut Tortelli, Watermelon salad, and the grilled Squid & Octopus w/ chickpeas. Simply put, it was our best meal in Las Vegas. Decent portions and wonderful flavours. Fresh tasting. I could have eaten the Squid & Octopus all day. Love this place. Now to find out if there is one close to San Diego
4	Nice location right on the Bellagio fountains. If it's nice out its worth the wait for a balcony table.  Prices are moderate, considering its in the Bellagio.  We had the chicken margarita sandwich with sweet potato fries, the chicken was a tad dry and the fries just ok.  We also had a Tuscan flat bread that was good and had plenty of toppings.  For the view alone this place is worth checking out.
1	The food was tasteless and the beans were not cooked and hard. All four of our meals had no taste with the exception of the sea bass but it was on top of the hard beans. very very disappointing.
3	I came here for my birthday last year 8/25/2013  again it was a very boring restaurant boring customer service I did however tell the server to surprise me between the unique ravioli dish on the menu or the Seabass and she brought of the Seabass and I was very satisfied that was so stuffy in there that I thought like I was sitting on the gentleman next to me slap I wouldn't go back and less maybe I made reservations in advance for the patio at night to watch the fountain shoot off and be super close just for the photo up and maybe give the food another try!
3	I was here couple months ago, is located inside of Bellagio Hotel, very outside view for the Bellagio fountain. Service I give 3 stars, for a restaurant inside a 5 stars hotel, I expect higher services. I have a lunch meeting here, I got here around 2pm, which the place was slow. I thought since I'm meeting someone, I will first seat at the bar and wait, and while I'm there, why not try out what they got on the menu. I ordered the Tuscan Farmhouse - It was just okay, nothing really brag about.Truffle Fries - You just can't go wrong with Truffle fries. lol So before my order got there, a few drunk women and guys came up and sat next to me and start speaking very loudly, so I decided to moved to a table instead.Since I moved from the bar to the regular table, they never assign anyone to serve me, I was sitting there for good 20 minutes, my glass is empty for awhile, no one ever bother to come check on me. Now I'm not sure how the tips work, maybe because i was sitting at the bar first, the tip should go to the bartender? I don't really care, I would have happy to pay more tip if someone willing to take care of me with refilling my glass. Overall, food was just okay, service is 2 stars "IF"
5	Believe it or not I come to this restaurant 2 days in a row! The food is so good I even missed it in my sleep!! The beef carpaccio is the best I ever had in my entire life!! The scallops were done perfect that I eventually ordered the same food!! It's a pity I live far away from here or else I would have come every week!!
5	I have been to Olives so many times I cannot count anymore. I have been to Vegas over a dozen times and Olives is my favorite spot in Vegas. I do not review many spots in Vegas, but I feel with some of the feedback I have seen, it is time to be real.This is very good, quality establishment, with a solid reputation for food, where you do not have to be in a 3-piece suit and spend a minimum of $200 to dine here. Therefore, it will be a bit busy, crowded, and hectic, pretty much from the time the doors open until they shut them at night. This is usually a good sign.I have never once been disappointed with the food. The grilled octopus is one of the best dishes I have ever had, and I dine in NYC often and have exposure to top notch food. If you can eat seafood, then you must try this dish. The bread and spreads you receive upon sitting down is great. The entrees are very tasty. I have had many, mostly daily specials, so I cannot pick a favorite, but you cannot go wrong.Olives has an extensive wine selection. You should be able to find a bottle which is to your party's liking. The sommelier has been knowledgeable and friendly every time I have had a question about a selection.Now, there is a bit of advice I have for anyone who wishes to dine on the patio facing the Fountains of Bellagio. Make a reservation. Get there before your reservation (20min plus). And ask if it is possible to wait for a table on the patio to open. THEY DO NOT guarantee a table then when you make your reservation. This should be obvious as to why, but some folks seem to forget that, the table you are looking to enjoy is probably a top ten, or even top 5, dining experience in Vegas. I have dined at Olives at least 10 times (AT LEAST) and all but one time I was able to get onto the patio with my parties (and this includes parties of 8+). The one time I wasn't, was due to a small wedding reception (and they probably paid a fine penny for that) which was being held early evening on a Saturday. A little savvy, a little understanding, and a little patience can go a long way.The service has always been impeccable. My water was never more than 2/3 empty, the wait staff was around, and the server was never rude or ignored me or my guests. Yes, at times it took a few more minutes to get my food then 'normal' (whatever that is). But with the amount of folks usually in the restaurant, this should be expected and understood.This establishment is one of the few finer dining establishments I would ever entertain giving 5 Stars on Yelp. So that's why I did. I highly recommend and I will return the next time I am in Sin City.
4	I've always wanted to see the Bellagio water fountain show while dining al fresco, and I was able to do this at Mon Ami Gabi across the street at Paris. But if you have the chance, definitely go to one of Bellagio's restaurants on the lake because your experience will be 10x better.With OpenTable reservations, we came by for drinks, appetizers, and desserts after lunching at Pho Kim Long in Chinatown. We actually arrived 45-minutes past our reservation time, but I'd called in advance to let them know we were stuck in traffic on the strip and subsequently had a hard time finding the restaurant. FYI, Olives is located in Bellagio's shopping area, near Louis Vuitton and Dior.For a table out in the patio (requested with my reservation), we waited an additional 10-minutes. The patio is a lot smaller than I envisioned and the promotional photos online definitely made it look much larger. Regardless, you still get a great view and seeing the fountain show every few minutes was cool.Complimentary bread is served with olive sauces that I didn't particularly like. We ordered Truffle Fries ($9), Banana Tiramisu, wine, and beer, which came to $50 incl. tax. The fries were served with ketchup, which wasn't ideal. Everyone knows truffle tastes better with garlic aioli... And if you like thin crispy fries, as I do, you probably shouldn't get these 'cause they were more like potato wedges. The tiramisu was amazingly light and delicious; I love bananas and all the textures of the lady fingers, cream, chocolate, and fruit made it one of the best tiramisus I've ever had the pleasure of eating.I'm unsure if I'd come back to have lunch or dinner as it's pricey and I'd rather spend that money towards something else (like dinner at Picasso on the other side of the lake); but I will definitely be back for drinks and desserts the next time I'm in town.
2	You'd think when making a reservation 2 weeks in advance that they would try to accommodate us. Especially considering that it was my wife's birthday and our anniversary. I requested a view seat but did not get one. I wasn't even placed next to a window. I had the view of the window 1 table away. Just terrible. The hostess was a bit too blunt for my liking. That being said our waiter, John, did provide us exceptional service. After doing some careful research I learned that the OLiVES lease has not been renewed by Bellagio. I worried about this prior to our dinner and certainly my experience echoed my concern.
5	This place is wonderful.  A perfect view of the fountain show.. I had a scrumptious shrimp and wild rice dish that was light and just yummy. Very nice and the view of the fountain was the best!
5	For a most delicious fig and prosciutto flatbread, top notch wine list, mouth watering bellini martinis- you must try Olives- Bellagio! The pasta dishes are abundant and delicious- the grilled octopus/squid dish is not to be missed. Try to sit at Gray's tables, on the outside deck, for a most enjoyable dining experience.  The staff, especially Gray, make the experience at Olives very pleasant to say the least. The water show is not to be missed- Take the opportunity to have this experience!
5	I simply cannot recall a more pleasant dining experience within many years! Based on reviews, I made a reservation, then requested outdoor seating upon arrival, in order to enjoy the Bellagio fountain. We only had to wait an additional 45 minutes, and I strongly recommend you do the same! The simple act of dining al fresco while enjoying the fountain's visual and aural display, would have been enough, but was wonderfully complemented by a splendid meal. Both presentation and quality proved without reproach. My steak was properly blackened, with a most flavorful presentation of green beans with garlic potatoes. The pre dinner bread selection was unique in its variety, and this olive-hater enjoyed the olive toppings served with the breads. Not an easy feat, mind you! The prices were reasonable considering the competition at Bellagio. The staff seemed eerily able to provide service while remaining nearly invisible,providing the perfect amount of attention. I hope your experience is as perfect!
4	Came here for dinner on Thursday night at 6:45. Although we had reservations for 5 people, we still waited a good 15 mind for our table. Ambience: this place was happening. The vibe is nice, especially on the patio. Clientele appeared more business oriented. Older crowd by far. Service: mostly it was really good. Out waiter was on top of things. They did recommend a veggie dish that turned out to have meat. That was corrected right away. Water was constantly refilled. Food came out at a decent pace. The waiters recommendation was good. My only issue was that the rib eye special ran out by our 7pm slot.Food: overall food was good. I wasnt impressed with the bread (cold and hard). The beef carpaccio was really good. It is def meant to share and came out like a salad. Very good flavor. You wouldnt even know you were eating raw beef. My main entree (since they ran out of the rib eye) was the lamb pops. I asked them if they can have the same accompaniment as the rib eye (lobster mac n cheese and bacon brussel sprouts). The lamb was good and cooked well but only had 3 pieces. I would have liked four for my main entree. The mac n cheese was disappointing. It was mixed in with the brussels sprouts and i couldnt even locate the lobster. The Brussels sprouts were ok. Maybe i should have opted for the sea bass. That got rave reviews. Vegas has a ton of great restaurants. I would prob opt to try a different one. Its not bad but nothing that stands out.
4	Had an amazing dinner for two last night at Olive's. The food was EXCELLENT. I ordered the chicken & artichoke flatbread with grilled shrimp on the side. Everything tasted wonderful...even chicken-which can sometimes be bland & tasteless-was amazing! It had an orangey glaze which I've never experienced before in any meal. My bf ordered the free range roasted chicken...I could tell he loved it because he ate everything on his plate!The reason I only gave four stars: we had reservations & still had a TWENTY MINUTE WAIT. Not cool. Inside the restaurant it was extremely noisy, so we asked to be seated out on the patio. The patio is awesome because it's much less noisy, plus you get to see the Vegas skyline & Bellagio dancing fountain. Another good thing about this place: our wait staff was very friendly & attentive...even took pics of me & my date for us...then posed for his own cameo:)
5	The only thing negative i can say about Olives is the wait time. However the wait we had even though we had reservations was worth it. They ended up seating us on the balcony so we could watch the great fountain show. Our waiter was really great and funny and the managers would come around to make sure everything was to our satisfaction. Theres no complaints about the food. I had the free range roasted chicken and all i can say is that chicken died for a good cause.
5	Me and my wife want there for Celebrating anniversary. The food was in the table in 15-20 min And the taste was beyond expectationLove this restaurant for good ! I would recommend it to everyone I know.
5	We have been going to Olives for three years and Jon has always made our experience perfect.  He is a great bartender and his attention to service is appreciated.  He always makes sure our experience is perfect and makes us feel like we are VIPs.  We love Olives.
5	Nice restaurant, good food and GREAT service.  Chris V was our waiter and he was very personable, went above and beyond to give us an really enjoyable experience and he wasn't afraid to tell us what he really liked.  Ask for him if you go, you can tell he likes his job!
2	Confused that the Yelp listing is not Todd English's Olives, as the restaurant signage, menu, and promotional materials state. I guess Todd himself dined here and had an experience similar to mine, and didn't want his name associated with the place.The food ranged from tasty cheese on the charcuterie board and surprisingly good espresso martinis, to average/mediocre everything else- and we ordered a lot. Tables are initially served a breadbasket with three mismatched breads, and a tray of olives and two tapenades- the green is best.CHARCUTERIE BOARD: two types of tasty cheeses (one was a blue), two types of meat (salami and prosciutto?), dates, candied walnuts, and crisps. Wish I could tell you what type of cheese it was, but all dishes were presented without any sort of explanation or comment.FOIE GRAS: served with fresh fig (singular), port reduction (gross), and truffle crema (tastless, certainly no truffle here). Served without any sort of crackers or bread, and our breadbasket was empty and no one ever refilled it.  Did not care for the texture, flavors seemed off. Would have shared this with my server, but we never saw him.BRICK OVEN ROASTED FREE RANGE CHICKEN: served with a potato cake and green means, all amid a sea of tasty jus, but the chicken itself was bland. Recurring issue with dishes here. Again, even just salt would have helped this dish.BONE-IN NY STRIP SPECIAL: served with green beans and fingerling potatoes, steak was plated with a giant puddle of some sort of cabernet sauce? Guess it was meant to hide the fact that the meat was flavorless aside from gobs of fat in every bite, and unseasoned to the point that it desperately needed salt. No char or sear at all. MUSHROOM RISOTTO: decent-ish side, mediocre version of a favorite dish. The table ate the entire portion though.CRISPY ZUCCHINI: no menu description, expected a roasted version but received a plate of tempura zuke covered with cheese. Hard not to like that but odd considering the rest of the menu. As you can see, we had issues with the service. The restaurant wasn't that busy, yet we rarely saw our server. Literally went 20 minutes wanting a martini that I couldn't order because he never came by. When he did, he didn't seem to care at all. We were asked what we wanted to drink, what we wanted to order, and if we had any questions- no intro, no script, no explanation of specials, devoid of personality. Didn't even ask to see a dessert menu because we were so put off by the flavorless food and nonexistent service.
3	I went there recently on a trip to Las Vegas. They do have a fun drink menu. They have  variety of breads which were all delicious. The salad was yummy and the food was good.  I did feel like everything took way too long.  Maybe that's just the Way they do things in Las Vegas, but I typically don't enjoy spending three hours at one meal.
4	The host and hostess went out of their way to make sure we had amazing table for my birthday.  It was very much appreciated.
3	Sorry, but = nope.Stuffy.  Lacked vibe and personality.Overpriced (portions were tiny, too).Plates were good, as in they tasted good.Service lagged.  We had to flag the waitress down more than once .. And this after waiting a hot minute in the first place.They weren't slammed, either.Only thing that was on point about this spot:  the Bellagio water show goes off right in front of you .. which is dope.
4	We went here with 20 relatives for my father's birthday. It was quite good. I had a filet and sampled many other entrees and appetizers. The drinks were good. Like most restaurants on the Strip, the waitstaff was very mechanical and unenthusiastic, but they were very efficient. My niece (and I) enjoyed running out to see the water show every 30 minutes. They sang and brought out a piece of cake.
2	Whenever I come to Vegas this isn't first stop to grab a late lunch. I usually love this place although yesterday was a complete disappointment. The food was just awful. The Cesar salad came out wilted and the tomatoes were not fresh, they were pruney and appeared days old. The chicken was dry and tasted like it had been sitting under hot lights for hours. The food was clearly not fresh and even the pizza which is hard to mess up tasted bland and boring. It's sad but olives has lost it's luster. This won't be my first stop anymore, it's sad to see a good restaurant fall off in quality and taste.
4	My date and I were walking around Bellagio looking for somewhere to have dinner. We settled on Olives because we couldn't find any where else to eat and we were too hungry to keep looking. At first we were kind of put off because we knew this place would be pricy and we didn't intend on eating such a meal at the time, but I really don't regret eating here at all. Our waiter was great and pretty funny. He offered to change our white napkins for black napkins so we can "stay sharp". Our bread basket also came with a black napkin. The attention to detail was cute.We ordered the Beef Carpaccio, Turkey Lasagna, and Roasted Free Range Turkey (it was Thanksgiving so they had a Turkey menu). The Beef Carpaccio was amazing. I wish I could eat it everyday. Under it was some kind of salad and a bread thing that was wonderful too. The turkey entrees were good too. I think the Turkey Lasagna had a strawberry sauce that was yummy. There was so much turkey in the lasagna!!! There was a big portion of lasagna and I couldn't finish it. :(Overall this place had great service and the best was the Beef Carpaccio!! The turkey entrees were okay.
3	The atmosphere is very inviting and if you can snag a seat on the patio add 2 more stars.  However, we sat inside and we were not wowed by the food.   17 dollars for two small heads of romaine lettuce, anchovies and store bought croutons was really over the top. My hubby's truffle burger was very good, but 21 dollars?  I should add that the bread basket with olives and tapenade were great.
3	Pros.. 1. Very good wine list (drink menus on ipad) 2. Serves olive and olive spread with the bread 3. Good serviceCons.. 1. Even if you make a reservation and go right when they open its not guaranteed that they will give you a patio seat 2. Pricey for mediterranean food (we paid about $300 for everything including tip & tax and 3 drinks)
3	It was OK. Very loud and the food was decent but not worth the hype.
1	My boyfriend and I wanted to grab a quick glass of wine around 4:30pm last night. Unfortunately Picasso's was closed, so we walked back to Olives because we wanted to be able to watch the fountain as we sat.We were told that the seating in the bar was open, but the restaurant wasn't open yet. Except every seat at the bar was full. We asked if we could grab a two top table just across from the bar - just to have a place to sit. I can't even explain the response we got - and how much of an inconvenience our simple request was. We were told that the bartender wouldn't serve us there, so I offered to order and pay at the bar but still wanted to sit.We have been staying at the Vdara and have been treated with nothing but respect and gratitude. The run around we got from the staff at Olives and the rude attitudes we received was completely unacceptable. The way that we were treated was so unacceptable - especially for a place that was empty except for the bar seating. They clearly do not care about customer service. We walked straight to the Vdara and received exceptional customer service. I highly recommend avoiding this place if you want to have a good dining experience.
4	My boyfriend surprised me with a night of romance.  He called told me to put on that pretty dress that one he likes oh so well. I knew just the one he was referring.  He asked me to meet him at the bar by our "dorm". When I Arrived He Was inside Had My Beer Waiting, We Had A Drink And Then Off We Went. Not having a idea of where to next. As we drove down towards the strip, my heart was racing I knew it would be a great surprise.  We started with a appetizer at my favorite spot, walked over to olives, where at my table were the prettiest flowers I had ever laid eye's on. The night became magical with him ordering a drink just the way he knew I would like, dinner was amazing.  Our server was great, I apologize I forget his name, but he was very helpful.as we watched the water show, he told me how lucky he was to have met me. For the first time I heard the 3 words we all desperately hope for. I love you.  The night couldn't of gone any better, but it did. He then took me listen to the piano player, it was there we had our first dance.
2	Hmmm. Why did our waiter have zero fine dining experience? He actually bussed our plates while stacking them in front of us on the table and grabbed the end of my cesar salad salad wegde (located on the bottom plate) and threw it on top of the stack of plates so he could carry them. He then marked for next course before we were done with the first and forgot forks which is sort of important if you want to eat. Food was decent.
5	If I had to describe this experience in one word it would be "WOW".Chilean Sea Bass, out of this world, but what made me extremely pleased was Chris our waiter. Personable, attentive and on point.  Olive's welcomed me not as a visitor to it's city, but as a guest that was as though I was a regular. Recognized as someone that deserves the best treatment every time.  I look forward to coming back, and thanking the Chef personally for a 5 star meal.
5	We were celebrating out 33rd Anniversary! The meal was outstanding including a special dessert.  The best part of the evening was our server Paul Anthony!   We lucked out when we sat in his section!    Paul was awesome his persona says "I'm happy I like my job and I truly love people".   His attention to our needs and the details were just great!   We were able to observe how he handled other tables around us and it was wonderful Paul made every table feel special!Thank you Paul, You made our evening  special.
2	We dined at Olives last night a party of 6 and I was expecting a great meal. Food service was really slow and the food was marginal at best. I ordered the sirloin steak med rare it came well done. It was replaced and cooked better the second time but still was not very good - funky preparation.Too many good place in Vegas to eat, this is not one of them!
5	Great food and terrific service. Our waiter was friendly and gave great recommendations on drinks and food. We were both pleased with our entire experience. But the real reason this place deserves five stars is the view. The patio is worth the wait and we were memorized by the water shows. The Bellagio fountains make this restaurant memorable and a must visit next time you're in Vegas.
5	My husband and I made last minute reservations here for dinner after a show on Saturday night and we are so glad we did. The restaurant was busy when we arrived at 9pm, but we were sat right away. This restaurant offers beautiful views of the Bellagio fountain, so it was nice to watch the show go off every 15 mins or so.Our waitress was accommodating and friendly, and took the time to go through things on the menu we weren't quite sure about. We ordered the Tuscan Farmhouse flatbread, it had shaved ham, mozzarella, asparagus and caramelized onion. It was very good, the bread had a nice consistency, doughy but crisp. My husband ordered the special, spaghetti and meatballs in a cream sauce. He said it was good, but the cream sauce lacked in flavor. I ordered the beef tenderloin, it came as a perfect medium. It had a nice crust to it, and was like butter when cut. The mashed potatoes were nice, as well as the tempura asparagus. We also chose to get the zucchini sticks, and so glad we did. They were seriously one of the tastiest things I ate our whole trip. The service here was amazing, and super attentive. Drinks were topped off frequently, and I'm pretty sure it would be impossible to finish a water without someone refilling it. Food was served quickly as well, we spent less than an hour here, but never once felt rushed. We will definitely return here when we come back to Vegas !
2	The only reason I gave this restaurant 2 stars is for the Beef Carpaccio. I moved 2500 miles earlier this year and my sister and I did our annual Vegas trip right before. I had  been searching for the best beef carpaccio in the city and supposedly, Olives had it. When we stopped by we found out after inquiring that restaurant hadn't opened yet. When we expressed interest in dining when it did open, no one informed us that there were no reservations and standing in line would be the best thing to insure a patio table (we had made it clear we were hungry and desired to sit outside by the fountains to see the show). Therefore, when we came back, there was a very long line. I wasn't happy and neither was my sister. When I went to speak to the front of house team, they didn't seem at all concerned that they had dropped the ball. I would say that my casual clothing put them off, but first, that shouldn't make a difference. Second, if they are going to do that, they should have been able to discern that although I was dressed casually, I was wearing about $10k in clothing, my clutch, shoes and jewelry. So we are put onto the patio and things just went downhill from there. Although there were available tables in front right next to the water, we were given the "bad" table, the one right by the server station. The table next to us asked why if there were no reservations why they weren't sat up in the front and were given a BS answer (that the tables were reserved). Considering that they were a nicely dressed young couple, you have to wonder who you have be to be given a good table here. We were ignored for quite a while, even after placing our menus closed in front of us. Once our server did show, he treated us like kids at Christmas who snuck over to the adults' table a year before being called up. I dine at places like this or better on a consistent basis. My choice of casual wear on a long weekend with my sister doesn't change my speech, manners or decorum. None of the high end stores we shopped in while waiting for them to open had an issue with the way we were dressed. If we weren't so hungry, we would have left. I treat everyone no matter what their capacity with dignity and respect. However, being spoken to like we didn't belong by our server was rather disconcerting. Our food finally arrived and I don't recall what my sister ordered (I'll have to ask her), but I recall that she said it was ok. My beef carpaccio was outstanding. Which makes the experience that much more disappointing. Midway through our meal, the other tables that were empty started to fill. It was clear that the servers knew a table of elderly people that they placed next to the water. My sister and I had never been there before and after this experience, most likely never will again. Before anyone says that they must of had a reservation, it states on the Bellagio website they don't take reservations for the patio (in fact, when we came back, she again informed me that they don't take reservations).We wanted dessert, but frankly I wasn't about to spend another dollar in a place that had gone out of its way to treat us the way they had. I shouldn't have to walk around flashing my boyfriend's black card or have him make a call for people to treat us well. It wasn't a birthday, anniversary, etc. we were celebrating, but my sister and I weren't going to see one another for a long time and this was time spent together before my move. We didn't allow it to ruin the rest of our day because we aren't like that, but given that it's a restaurant in the Bellagio, if you can't get even acceptable service here, where can you? My birthday is next month and we are doing our 2015 trip then. I am considering staying at the Bellagio. But the way we were treated at one of its restaurant gives me multiple reasons  to rethink that.
5	The food are sooo delicious :D
3	Service was good, had to wait an extra 30 min to get outside table even though had a reservation. But the view was worth it. Had the scalops and the chilian seabass. They were both a little over cooked for my taste.
2	To be fair, the food was pretty decent. But it took far too long to eat a simple lunch here. We sat at 12:30  when we were hungry and got our food at 1:40 by which time I had already passed the point of being hungry. It was odd as several tables around us who were seated after us were able to get their food - and some were even able to finish their entire meals - before we so much as glimpsed ours. Lunch without drinks set us back $100, and while I don't mind paying a lot for a good experience, this was not worth the Benjamin we dropped. I would take your business elsewhere if I were you, like we plan to do going forward.
3	Had dinner here the day after Christmas. We made reservations 2 weeks before since the restaurant gets booked pretty quickly.  We were seated at a decent table inside for 8 people. Outdoor seating was available but it seemed too cold to sit outside.The service was very slow but then again it allowed us to enjoy the ambience of the restaurant and watch the Bellagio fountain show. I ordered the fig and prosciutto flatbread which was delish! I loved the thinness and crispness of the flatbread. The blue cheese was the right amount and the fig was the perfect complement for the prosciutto. I definitely recommend trying the flatbreads. Overall it was a good experience.
3	Overall, food was good but nothing exceptional. We ordered lamp Chops (45$) and their famous fig flat bread. I am a die hard fan of lamb chops but was not fascinated by their at all. Flat bread was ok but again, nothing crazy. Ambiance was good esp is you sit outside overviewing Bellagio's water show.
2	The wait after you order is pretty bad. It took over an hour to get out main course at lunch. Big waste of time. Can't say it's like this for everyone since even people who came later than us got their food earlier so I think it's just hit or miss based on disorganization. The food is OK. I wouldn't come here just for the food though. The only shining light to this experience is that they served us foie gras when it's not available for lunch. But it is available for dinner, so why not just make it available at all times instead of making people ask for it?
5	Food was absolutely delicious. Their service was marvelous and the view from our table was simply magnificent. We went here for our Christmas dinner and had our table near the patio glass wall. We could view the bellagio fountain, the Eiffel tower from there. Okay so food wise, I loved the gnocchi. And definitely try their free appetizer place of olives and bread. Its really tasty and quite unique.
5	Love this place, especially for lunch. Beef carpaccio is a must. Their flat breads and hamburger are always good. Get a table outside or inside by the window and enjoy the fountain show.
5	I really enjoyed my experience here. We were able to sit on the patio, which really enhanced the experience. There are gorgeous fountains that go off every half hour or so to music. The patio is situated facing the strip, so you have a great view and can help spark conversation. Our service was excellent. They have ipads for the menu, which is awesome when it comes to choosing a wine. They have a very extensive choice of amazing wines. I chose a white wine with our spicy Chicken flatbread. The flatbread was very good, which is to be expected at a nice restaurant on the strip! They also offer Bread with olives and olive oil for a little something to snack on. I really enjoyed the olives; considering the name of the restaurant, it was very fitting. Lastly, I got the cocoa pot for dessert. That was an incredibly decadent dessert and I highly recommend it. Only thing I would say is that it's slightly on the heavy side, which only matters because the temp in NV is usually in the upper 100's and makes you feel slightly sick afterwards.
4	Good DayA week before Christmas we arrived in Las Vegas.  Visiting our daughter who lives in the area.Truly memorable,  great food , excellent service and the fountain show was so sweet. Christmas songs, great food,  wonderful ambience. Will definitely be back .
5	One of my favorite restaurants in Vegas! Everything from the olive tapenades they serve with the bread to the cocktails to the ambiance is superb. The view of the fountains in unbeatable. The beef carpaccio app is incredible. Best beef carpaccio ever...nothing compares, and I normally don't eat red meat. I make an exception for this dish. So good that once we got it as our app and entree! Love Olives! Only downside is it is always packed, so make a reservation!
5	Nice atmosphere in the bustling Bellagio.  The Boston Bibb salad was picturesque and good.  exceptional roll basket including chocolate rolls.  Ordered the Squash pasta as the main course, and my group ordered the Mushroom daily special pasta with cream sauce dish.  The manager came by and asked if we were 100% satisfied, and I said my squash was good, bit at 90%.  He said I needed to be 100% and INSISTED that I select something else.  Needless to say that I went with the Mushroom dish and it was delish!   True CUSTOMER SERVICE and I look forward to visiting again soon!  Strong recommendation for Italian desires.
2	Long wait to an order. Perfunctory, terrible service. Tapenade salty. The special lobster bisque and grilled cheese $25 big ones, was sent back because it was tepid and humdrum for that ridiculous price. No spoon with soup? Wait 5 to flag a staffer. Is in the city full of restaurants kind of notorious for servers handle people like cattle, is the biggest most overpriced Cattlecall of them all. Pass.
5	Excellent service, delicious food, great view
3	I struggled with deciding a rating for this one. On one hand, the food was amazing, but on the other, this was some of the WORST service I have ever received.I came here for a special dinner during my bachelorette party. The service I received from most of the staff was fine, but our waiter was seriously the rudest waiter I have ever encountered. The more I think about it, the angrier I get. To start off, when I made the reservation they asked if we were celebrating a special occasion and I told them it was my bachelorette. At dinner I even had a "Bride to Be" sash on and not once did he acknowledge our special occasion, no congratulations, no nothing, whatever. Before taking our order he seemed dismissive to our table. He barely gave us any attention during the meal, and when he did, he was extremely rude and aggressive with us. I guess I would understand if we were being difficult, but I thought we were an extremely tame and polite table throughout the entire meal. He seemed even more annoyed when we didn't order enough for him. We had a huge lunch so most of us weren't very hungry and ordered some less filling items. He repeatedly made comments about how little we were eating and if we were ready to finally order steak and lobster. It was extremely annoying and condescending. I understand it's important to waiters for their tables to order a lot, but even if we don't, that does not give you the right to treat us poorly.As for the food, my sister and I ordered Tuna Tartare, Ricotta Ravioli, Sangria and Chocolate Cake, all the items were delicious. At the end of the meal he gave us a ton of grief about splitting the check. My cousin who has worked as a waitress for years tried working with him to see which way to split the check would be the easiest. He basically yelled at her about how difficult the check was and blew her off. We then found out that his job was not even to ring us up, a cashier does that. On top of all the drama, all our cards were charged 2-3 times. I'm sure this will be resolved, but it was just icing on the cake for such a horrible service experience. Seriously, this guy was straight up mean to us the entire meal. But, despite his horrid attitude, I still had a fantastic bachelorette weekend.
5	I ate at Olives for the first time this last Friday and it was amazing! Not only did we have the best server ever (Michelle) but the food was to die for...all while watching the amazing water show! Thank you Olives (and Michelle) for the awesome experience!
