4	Chef/Owner Martin Picard has certainly gotten his fair share of great press in the last year.  Chef and Raconteur Anthony Bourdain proclaimed this his favorite restaurant and Chef Picard was featured in his own multi-page article in Gourmet Magazine's dedicated Montreal issue last year.A true practioner of the art of "terroir", Chef Picard has connected to local suppliers of everything from greens to foie gras to maple syrup and has crafted a menu that is uniquely Quebecois - not a pale immitation of any other cuisine.  Unabashedly meaty, their menu offers a surplus of wild game options and you can get Foie Gras on almost everything.Now the concept of "too much foie gras" is generally alien to me, but if it could happen anywhere, it's happening here.For an appetizer, we had a "Napolean" with Foie Gras, maple syrup and I can't remember much else.  Unbelievably rich, this was tasty, but the maple did overwhelm the subtlety of the Foie and it ended up feeling a little like we were having fat for fat's sake rather than a true delicacy.  Other dishes were better - we certainly enjoyed the lobster roll - just like the Maine classic, on lovely, thick, and delicate toasted bread, but again...the lobster was coated in Foie Gras...not really necessary (or particularly adding anything to the lobster).The bustling interior is packed and noisy, but not so much that you can't participate in a conversation.  The food was all very tasty, but after all of the build-up, a tad disappointing.  If you only had a night or two in Montreal, I'd recommend Pintxo (intimate setting and perfect tapas) or Club Chasse et Peche (a more refined terroir experience and amazingly well executed and balanced cuisine in a funky setting - a former hunting and fishing club's restaurant, updated to hip nouveau dining hotspot).Still, if you're a fan of terroir and need that meaty fix and can't get enough artery-clogging Foie in your diet...Au Pied de Cochon is the place for you.
5	"Au Pied De Cochon" means "at the pig's foot," and they're known for their huge roasted pork leg dishes, but Chef Martin Picard should change the restaurant's name to something more appropriate. "At the Fountain of Foie Gras" or "At the Teats of Heaven." Well, they don't serve teats I think, but they do serve Christ's Ears -- "oreilles de Christ," a Quebecker sugar shack favorite of deep fried pork rinds smothered with maple syrup. PDC serves Quebecker food. Not French, not Canadian -- Quebecker. If all Quebecker food were as good as PDC fare, I would quickly die a very plump, very happy man.Plogue a Champlain. It deserves its own review. Calisse de crisse, this dish is mindblowing! Dessert? Breakfast? Appetizer? Entree?  I'll describe. Take half a lobe of fresh foie gras and pan sear it so that the outside is crusty, while the inside is still moist and springs back to the touch. Stack it atop brie, atop shredded potatoes, atop a buckwheat pancake garnished with two strips of locally grown bacon. Smother generously with real maple syrup. Put the dish in a fiery hot brick oven until you can't stand the wait anymore. Take it out. Take a bite. Now devour the rest. Okay, you can die now.The plogue alone is worth five stars. It's the best thing I've ever eaten. And I've had it many times since my life-changing first. I could stop at the plogue and never touch another menu item. But wait -- there's more! PDC's brick oven-baked pork chops with rosemary and white wine are the best pork chops I've ever had. I ordered the one-pounder (500g) thinking it would be far too much. To my deep regret, it was so good, I wish I had ordered their 2-pound (1kg) cut. More than enough meat for any man. But wait -- there's more! We haven't even touch the pig's foot!Yes, pork trotter -- pig's foot. Stuffed, braised, baked. It's amazingly, succulently, stupendously supple and tender and tasty. And it comes with or without foie gras stuffing. You can get foie gras with anything. You can get it atop poutines -- Quebec's quintessential dish of squeeky fresh cheese curds and fries drowned in hot gravy. You can get it by itself. You can try it for yourself. You can have foie gras and hams, Sam-I-Am.Every ingredient is from a local farmer. Everything is hand-made -- they even brew their own PDC beer. Every time I've gone, every person working there has been beyond gracious. Everything I've said above is why Au Pied De Cochon has been a smashing success since its opening in 2001. Make reservations, folks. I doubt they ever run out of pig's foots, but I know they run out of seating every night.PDC is world class. If the exchange rate weren't so hellish, I'd be there now, enjoying the marvelous Montreal summer and PDC -- the second best thing about Montreal.P.S. Please, please don't bring your vegetarian friends unless I'm there to laugh. =) Says Picard, "When you go to a restaurant to eat salad, you have a problem."P.P.S. #1? Les copines. ;)
4	I wished I had like a dozen stomachs to try their whole menu!!!!  What we did get to order was nice but frankly not as "awe-inspiring" as I had expected after reading all the great reviews of this restaurant.  (So I am spoilt!) Nonetheless, the food was good and well worth a try.Foie Gras Cromesquis - basically a foie gras liquid croquette which was a tad too sweet for my liking!  Give me a nicely seared piece of foie gras any day. Stuffed Pied de Cochon with Foie Gras - you really have to attack this as soon as it reaches the table - hot foie gras with hot pork is great.  Not so great when the pork cools down and you get that wiff of gamey pork smell.  It was hard to take after that. The portion is really huge and you might do well sharing this instead.Duck Magret in Mushroom Sauce  -  I have never seen so much mushroom served with duck magret before!  It was not a "SAUCE" as much as a generous serving of sliced mushroom piled on top of the beautifully seared duck.  Nice touch. The duck was tender and cooked to perfection.Order your desserts early cos they might just run out of what you want.  The pecan pie was delicious - lots of nuts and smooth syrup base without the gritty sugar bits you get from some pies.The service can get kinda slow but the food makes up for it.  Try it if you are in Montreal and remember to make your booking early.  They were recently reviewed in the NYT and are getting alot of attention from visitors to the city.
2	There's overrated and then there's Au Pied De Cochon. Worshipped by the New York Times, celebrity chefs, and self-described "foodies", Au Pied De Cochon has the reputation for being one of the best restaurants in the city.  It's undeserved. Here's my theory as to why the hype: it's greasy and unhealthy comfort food dressed up as haute cuisine for so-called foodies who claim to like fine dining when in reality they secretly crave greasy and unhealthy comfort food. In other words, it's fast food for pretentious people with big wallets. For all the ink that's been spilled over chef Martin Picard's "masterful synthesis "of the high and the low (a fusion of fine dining with blue collar working class grub), a poutine dressed up in foie gras is still just a poutine (only with more fat and cholesterol).  Call me unimpressed.
5	I went this restaurant twice during my recent visit to Montreal because I had previewed their menu online and there were so many choices that there was no way we would be able to experience it all.  A good portion of their menu contains foie gras (of which they are very famous for) but they also have a lot of fresh seafood. On the first visit, we had the bison tartare and foie gras cromesquis(which is a deep-fried breaded foie gras ball, similar concept to deep fried mozza sticks). The cromesquis were absolutely divine!  My friend ordered the french onion soup. It was very rich and had a strong wine flavour. For entrees, my friend had the infamous "Duck in a Can". She loved it while I thought it wasn't really my style. It was very heavy and rich. She loved the flavours. I would recommend it to someone who likes stew-like dishes. The foie gras that was in this dish was a little to overwhelming for me. Again, this is a personal taste thing. I ordered the lobster-roll with foie gras on top. This dish was fabulous! The lobster-roll was on-par with some of the best ones I've had in Maine. The bread was toasted perfectly. The slices of foie gras on top made it even more decadent. The lobster had a perfect texture and were in large chunks.On the second visit, my friend and I shared their dinner special which was arctic char for two with a pesto on top and served with deep-fried polenta sticks. The fish was cooked to perfection. I was really surprised that we were served the whole fish on a giant platter and this entree was only $50. Usually when I order an arctic char entree at other restaurants, I would only get a small section of the fish and the entree would already by around $25.  The service on both visits was excellent. I couldn't have asked for better. The servers were very patient and very good at explaining the menu. Definitely a very memorable experience and a must-try (at least once) in Montreal. If you've never had foie gras before, this is the place to experience it. They don't skimp on the foie gras portions and you really get to truly experience the taste of foie gras.
5	Um this place rocks..... Walking in to view the magic butchery of their open kitchen is in itself a sometimes jaw dropping experience, then the food beautiful but its not about it being dressed up. Its not, its simply fantastic, Duck in a Can - is genius - highest quality ingredients anyone could hope consume and then have a CVA over. I aspire to revisit whenever in Montreal... Seriously a must, and a much more fun atmo than L'Express ....
5	If you find Foie Gras offensive, please don't read this review or visit this restaurant.  If, on the other hand, you have no issue with overfeeding yourself on overfed food, then this might just be the best restaurant you will ever go to.  I currently rate it in my top 5 lifetime and have the experience and burgeoning gut to prove it.  The restaurant serves up a great mix of fine french and regional cuisine, with a bit of a comical twist at times.  Further, all sections of the menu include some kind of Foie Gras offering.  For example, for a starter I ordered their version of Poutine (a Montreal drunken specialty consisting of fries, gravy, and cheese curds).  Their version complimented the offering with a "healthy" dose of Foie Gras as well as Foie Gras gravy.  For my main course I had a Foie Gras burger and my friend had the Tripe Pizza.  All of it was pure culinary genius.  You just know that the folks here love what they do and work hard to make the meals creative, delicious, and indulgent.  To top it off, the wine selection was broad and reasonable and the coffee and sweets perfect.  If you have but one night in Montreal, you should eat here and forget about the guilt until the morning.
3	found this place because of the high number of yelp reviews and decided that it must be a place worth checking out while our visit to montreal.we started off with the bison tongue and codfish fritters. the bison tongue tasted like tongue, yes, but it was quite delicious. the crunchiness of the carrots and the pickles really went well together with the tongue. the fritters were good but a bit chewy.for our entree, we ordered the famous duck in a can and plogue a champlain. the duck really was cooked to perfection and melted in your mouth. the fois gras on the other hand was too sweet - there was too much glaze sauce that it overpowered the dish.other than that, the service was great - helpful and attentive. the ambiance is laid back and cozy - loud and bustling inside. i expected more for the price. the duck in a can however, is worth trying while you are in montreal.
5	We were visiting from Boston and looking for a great meal. We found it at Au Pied De Cochon. A great bar tender recommended this great restaurant and I'm glad we listened.  To start of we got very lucky with getting a table on a Sat. night w/o any reservations. The server was great. He translated everything to English and suggested the Plogue a Champlain. It was delicious!! Maple syrup and Foie gras on the same plate--what a great idea!!My bf had the Pate chinois du PDC and that was also great--he loved it!The creme brulee was perfect-- rich & creamy with a lovely caramelized top!! The service was fantastic and we ended up chatting with the couple at the table next to us who were also visiting from NY & DC. They said they frequent Au Pied De Cochon every time they are in Montreal. The server was kind enough not rush the service or turn the table and let us enjoy our meal and conversation---That was very impressive!!  A++All together a great experience and we will be back next time we are in Montreal!
5	I live in TO.   I drove 6 hours to Montreal last July just to eat in this restaruants and it was worth every minute of my time.
5	I was here over a year ago so I cant write a detailed review of the dishes that I had.  But I do remember that it was all very delicious.  I had heard great things about it and I was not dispointed.  I was there on a sat night so it was crowded, and I took a spot at the bar and watch the kitchen crew hard at work.  It was all pork all the time.  And they had a good wine by the glass menu.  If I ever go back to Montreal, je reviendrai!!  Ca vaut vraiment le coup d'y aller.  Ce restaurant serais un succes a Paris.  C'est si bon que ca.
5	Holy decadence.The poutine=delicious fries drenched in gravy and foie gras.Goose dinnerWineMy boyfriend and I needed to be rolled out but was AMAZING!
5	So a week before I headed to Montreal, I came upon an episode of Anthony Bourdain's No Reservation in Quebec. Yes, he went to this restaurant and had almost everything on the menu. Because of the episode, I took it as an omen and put it down as a must try. After all, I admire Bourdain's sense of adventure and trust his palate that has taken him all over the world so the fact that he got really stuffed here, it must be good. And I (or he?) was right.This restaurant, in my opinion, does not serve your fancy gourmet. It is a bit of french country with a whole lot of boldness in using unusual ingredients. I loved my chicken hearts salad with the perrrrrfectly soft boiled eggs. The pickled bison tongue had a well-balanced acid bite that savors your appetite and wanting for more. The entrees were decadent. My boyfriend had an amazing lamb shank and he couldn't resist the fries in duck fat. As for me, I took the duck in a can. Foie gras, duck fat and breast, balsamic and red wine reduction, and thyme all cook in a can. When served, the waiter comes with a can opener and then pour it on top of a nicely toasted butter brioche. It's a lot of yummy gooey duck fat in a can and I can attest that it taste even better the next day. Service is great and they are people that knows and proud of their food. They also have a great wine and beer list. It is a very good restaurant and I love that they don't serve your typical food. If you're looking for a culinary experience and adventurous eating, this is one of the best concepts out there. Don't trust me? Just ask the hundreds of people that are eating there until midnight on a weekday.PS don't forget to check out the bathrooms. It has a TV and a gigantic sink. I could've stayed in there and just hang out...
5	Historically French influenced cooking turned white-trash Quebecios, then returned to high-end fine dining with a relaxed casual feel. -So clever is the concept of this place: average tab 100 bucks a person to sit at thick wooden tables (or the bar in our case) under glass encased lamps and moose antlers in a modern take on a hunting lodge in the frozen north. The chef de cuisine looks about 20, speaks and works a million miles an hour...highly skilled...downing espresso shots with co-worker while describing what he wants us to try.  Buffalo tartar comes rough chopped, in a metal bowl  similar to the one I use to feed our German Shepard, carefully broken eggshell holding a yolk to mix in. The best I have eaten. Oxtail w/ Paparedelle, Blood Sausage Tart. My GOD!Pot de Creme the richest I have ever eaten, served in mason jars, topped with graham crackers and sour cream.  Just like granny Deneuve used to make in her trailer outside Quebec City.....only better.
5	For the foodie with fearless arteries and a fondness for foie gras in everything except -- thankfully -- the water. The open kitchen is better than anything on television. The night I went, a bilingual woman expertly ran the kitchen while dressing plate after plate of heavy comfort food. Bring a hungry crowd to attempt the whole pied de cochon and try to squeeze some foie gras poutine (the national dish of Canada, comprising cheese curds, fries/chips and gravy) into that full stomach. Bison tongue with tarragon is recommended.
5	The absolute standout has to be the cromesquis.  I've thought it would be good some time to go sit at the bar and drink, having one or two of them with each drink, and just watch the action in the kitchen, but so far when I've gone to the bar I haven't been able to limit myself just to this.Almost everything I've had has lived up to billing -- guniea hen for two, duck in a can, bison tongue, plogue champlain, the namesake pied de cochon, crispy PDC salad, guniea hen liver pate, venison liver, and an autumn special once, a small bird (can't remember exactly what kind) cooked in a small pumpkin in soup, artistically presented with the talons sticking out where the lid had been cut out.My one disappointment -- make me not a fan of the fois gras poutine.  It just doesn't come together at all, too disjointed.  Also the combinatorics just don't work -- there aren't enough fries, you just can't get the right ratios of everything together.Also be careful not to get too many dishes that are meat or poultry with the same seasonings on the same mashed potatoes with veggies.  The servers are good and I think would make sure you didn't make that mistake,  but better for you to look out for yourself.  (Jasmine's review indicates that you do need to watch out for this yourself;  every time I've been, the server has discussed the combinations we've proposed with us, so ymmv.)But overall, APDC lives up to the hype, in my experience.  The staff, at least on Tuesdays and Wednesdays, always seem to be enjoying their work and each other, and have always been really friendly.
3	I made the mistake of arriving for my 11PM reservation with a hangover, so I didn't quite get to enjoy the full excellence. Seating was very cramped, but in full view of the kitchen, which made the experience much more enjoyable. Food was good, but expect to spend $$$. Oh, and make reservations EARLY. The night before my reservation someone offered me $500 for it, so that's a good indication of the popularity of the place.
4	Always on my mind and to do when i journey north to MTL. Friendly and attentive people who i think really care about the food they serve and they way the serve it - this is considering how demanding the French (canadiens) and constantly busy this place is. The food is summed up in one word "excessive". Heavy, strong flavours, generous portions - typifying French Canadian country cuisine. My fav picks: Bison Tartar Duck in a can Foie Gras on pancake/maple syrup - Poutine is too heavy you won't be able to eat anything else Stuffed Pied de Cochon with Foie Gras Fries (in duck fat) It's not a five because of the cramped arrangement and never was able to fit desert in. I'd give you some comparisons with other restaurants as i usually do, but this place is unique. Les Halles, Balthazar, Pastis, etc... are not good candidates as the food at PDC is authentically Martin Picard.
5	Best foie gras I have ever tasted bar none.Don't expect your upscale sophistication in plating.It's a mess but the decadent taste more than makes up for it.The chef (captain picard :) ) looks like a sweaty mad man, nice guy but the more you look at him,the more you think to yourself "is he for real...errr... why am I here?"Don't eat too much bread while waiting for the food, you will regret(generous portions and everything is heavy artery blocking fare)Foie gras duo and why of course the Pied de cochon (huge pigs hock stewed to perfection with a sloppy creamy concoction poured over it) are to die for.Be prepared to walk for 45 min + (St Denis back to the hotel areas @ crescent on a good evening) to get arteries working again.But seriously, that's what REAL good food is all about.
5	I love foie gras so PDC is probably as close to heaven as I will get.  It's so good, we ate here twice during a three night stay in Montreal.  It would have been three days in a row but my arteries needed to rest a day in between.  The mains were solid ,but it's the foie that stands out.  Favorite was the cold foie served with crackers.  We also had it seared with apples, as a tart, and of course in the poutine - all were excellent.   The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is warm and inviting, the kind of place I would love to be able to visit a few times a week if it were not for the 5700 mile commute.
5	every so often, there are some regrets in our lives - and a good friend never lets you live it down!!!every so often, i would message my friendme: Yo. Duck... in a can!!!friend: biatch.me: Duck... in a can!friend: don't care!!!--------------------------------------------so the story goes:my friend PB was in town, and we decided to show him some good eats in my old stomping ground (Montreal, how I miss your diverse food variety, and all the BYOB places, but not the bitterly cold winters).Everyone in our group except PB and i ordered the Duck in a Can. For me it just seemed too much goodness that day (i wasn't feeling it). he thought 'duck in a can' sounded "gross", so he ordered something else.I had the Plogue a Champlain, which are little buckwheat pancakes topped with potatoes, cheese,  bacon, maple syrup & foie gras.  The maple syrup with the richness of the foie gras worked BEAUTIFULLY - i had no regrets about this dish. LOVED it.My friend, however, turned into a jealous lover when the others got their food... If you've not been here before, they basically take duck, stuffed in the same can container with foie gras, cabbage, some broth and glaze (see other reviewers for complete description). They seal and then pressure cook the can when order, and then bring it to the table and open the can steaming right in front of you! Besides the entertainment value, the duck and foie gras tasts so rich... REAL rich, not Donald Trump-rich. it's truly decadent, fatty and buttery, and not for the faint of heart. But very very yummy.of course PB tried a taste of it from one of the plates - and was in heaven.--------------------------------------------The rest of the week i had to hear all about how he wants to get Duck in a Can and bring it back to SF (unfortunately they seal the can right before cooking it, no preservatives in there so it's not meant to be stored for longer than a day or two). Moaning and bemoaning this elusive "Duck in a Can", my friend swore another trip back to Montreal was in his cards to attain this perfection of duck and foie.it's his Achilles's heel, for every so often, i take a jab and know this scar, this unattained perfection, will invoke that jealous lover's quiet rage and soft sadness, and hopefully will provoke him a step closer to booking his next visit to beautiful Montreal.
5	The best foie gras in Montreal.  Don't ever go there if you're on a diet.  When we went, it was cold outside and we sometimes had a little draft in the back since we were seated near the door.  Except for this little issue, I still give it  a 5 star since this is really a different experience in Montreal.Keep up the 'gras' work.R.
5	Best food we had in Montreal ! Not a fancy place, totally crowded (get a reservation), yummy food, reasonable wine list.You better not be a vegetarian/vegan ;)
5	Hands down some of the best food ever. Martin takes a very haute-attitude to some classic Quebecois dishes, it's a great fusion. Additionally, the staff is knowledge and great.If you're in Montreal, you have to give this place a try!
5	Don't miss this restaurant if you are visiting Montreal or are fortunate enough to live there. You can't go wrong and you'll get a real taste of the local culture. They serve some of the best meat dishes I've ever tasted, and the service is friendly and impeccable. If you can't get reservations, go early, as it's almost always packed.
5	Like any other food connoisseurs, I have exceptionally picky taste buds and I look for uniqueness that challenges my perception of how food should be prepared. APDC sets the bar up so high that I could hardly find any restaurants in Chicago that could get even close to it. APDC is daring and unconventional - just don't expect to find your regular coq au vin or poulet roti grand mere *yawn*. Picard's cuisine is meant to shock. There are plenty of items in the menu that one would never thought of eating. How about some head cheese or bison tongue to start the meal? Entree? Well, duck cooked in a can or some heart-attack-inducing blood sausage and foie gras pie sound absolutely delish! As gross as it may sound to other people, every single meal at APDC ends with a sense of fulfillment. Not just the appetite but the need for someone to prove me wrong for coming to dine with a preconception of what's gross and what's not. Well, folks, there's no need to worry about the dessert part of the meal. They are not going to sneak some trout into your ice cream like the Iron Chef. But they are to die for! Look no further because they have the best, freshly made, lemon meringue pie on the face of the earth - hands down.The service is second to none. It feels like a friends/family gathering at APDC. The servers & captains are extremely disciplined and super hot. We ordered with the captain but the servers knew exactly what our orders were. The cutlery were perfectly set and the food arrived exactly where they were supposed to be. No questions asked. I dropped my fork and I got another one literally, in five seconds. The restaurant was packed and they were super busy. Yet, they care about details like these. Now, that's excellent service!I have never been disappointed with APDC and I have got to say that this is the best restaurant I've ever been in my life. I don't give a lot of 5 stars but if I could give it a 10, I would. The only regret was I never got a chance to try their pot au feu because I always got the 10pm reservation and they have sold out by then. Well, this won't be my last visit, that's for sure!
5	With the caveat that I will not order what I ordered again!(Huge caveat!) This place does it right, though. It is just the cuisine style that I was not up to. Place is very cute, located on the petite rue Duluth, which is a nice little side street, with cobblestones, and trees.Today was sunny, and the front was open to the sidewalk, so it was quite lovely. As were the adorable waiter, did not mind them at all. The service was great, when I got in right before 6pm (my reservation was at 6, but the seated me a good 15 minutes early!) The service DID slow down, though, around 6:30 as the place filled up. But there were still plenty of servers to take care of everyone.The food was exceptional. I had a green salad, Au Pied's house beer, and the Foi Gras Poutine. Now, the Poutine, I will admit, was too much for me. Having never had foi gras, or poutine, it was a challenge that really took it out of me. That being said, the foi gras had a good crisp outer layer, the cheese curds were very large, the gravy well flavoured, and the fries were extremely good. I think these may be the best fries I have had. I would go back just for them, they have an excellent flavour, crisp texture, and a deep brown colour. Even the green salad was good. The vinaigrette was very peppery, and had a good over all balance. The greens were varied, and included lots of yummy chutes, and stems as well as leaves. The bread was excellent, goo soft center and hard crust. I was impressed through and through.If you are not afraid to try honest Quebecois food, this is the place.
5	so ridiculously decadent but so worth it! more foie gras than you could ever want and it's perfectly prepared. i had it on top of poutine, with the duck in the can and my companion had it stuffed in a pigs foot. was there a foie gras option for dessert? if i saw it, i might've tried it and it would've been good.also, perfect service. available but not overbearing. highly recommend for any trip to montreal.
4	Very entertaining and pretty good food.  The fourth star is for the unique, fun and very lively atmosphere.  We sat at the bar, right in front of the line cooks stirring and plating, which was great but a little hot from the stove.  We got to see all the dishes being prepared/finished, and frankly, lost our appetite a little for the heavy, decadent food APC is famous for.  So...we started with the little cubed fois gras fritters that were absolutely delicious.  Then, a very large seafood platter which IMO was very fresh but overlywrought.  My favorite items were the plain oysters and clams.  But all the other seafood had sauces/dressing which they frankly did not need.  Ok but it was fun to eat as there were at least 10 different preparations/types of shellfish.  We then shared an over roasted pork chop with wild mushrooms and onions, and a plain green salad.  The pork chop was just slightly overcooked but great flavor.  The salad was underwhelming.  Had a nice glass of white bourgogne.  Husband had vanilla ice cream with a poached pear, which was ok, not great.I would definitely go back for the ambiance, chatty neighbors at the bar, warm (but not exceptional) services and order the really fattening stuff.  I just won't eat for a day or two before!
4	When I found out I was going to Montreal I had to check with my fellow yelpers to find a nice place for dinner. De Cochon came highly recommended not only from yelpers but also the locals. We had reservations for a Wednesday evening and had I had known they have a counter I would have requested that as I love watching the fast paced action of a high end kitchen. We were seated by the door which was definitely not the best spot in the house and having a reservation for over two weeks in advance I would have thought we would have had better seating arrangements. The wait staff was very professional the waiter took time to explain the very interesting menu and assisted us in picking a nice french Pinot Noir. We started with what the locals said was one of the chefs best dishes, the pomme frites cooked in duck fat with curds and gravy topped with foie gras. It was delicious to say the least. The GF had the roasted pork and I opted for the Bison Ribs. Both were excellent choices the pork was tender and juicy and the Bison Ribs were coated in a wonderful sauce that had a slight ginger flavor to it.  We finished with the house specialty for dessert which is a small cake surrounded by local maple syrup MMM, MMM, MMM! It was very interesting almost like having delicious pancakes smothered in maple syrup.  It left us both with wonderful smiles on our faces.Other than the poor seating we had the meal and service were very good and I would highly recommend it to anyone heading to Montreal!
5	Oh my God. This restaurant. I. I don't even know why I try to write about it because its my happy place and when I'm sad I want to be there, tasting perfection and floating on a big, soft, foie gras cloud of beauty and love. When I get upset and I'm close to a computer I go on their website and I cruise their menu, reliving my glory days and dreaming about more to come when I figure out when I can visit their Sugar Shack. ::sigh::I'll start at the beginning. Bear with me, this is indeed, one of the experiences of my life I will not forget and I won't skimp. We called ahead to try to make reservations, but it was early, the message in fast French, and ended without options and just a hang-up. We decided to show up at 5 and try our luck.We showed up too early and walked around the neighborhood. We observed small dive bars off the main boulevard, little parks and benches we smoked "waiting" cigarettes on. Bright painted houses and small plants on windowsills - It was your typical quaint Quebecois neighborhood. I loved it.We walked into the restaurant when it was time: The phone was ringing off the hook, we were the 3rd party there and one party, of course, has a small child who was letting the world know he was very, very unhappy. We got the furthest table from that family, the waitress somehow read our minds.I sat down and I was looking through the menu and I was so excited. Everything sounds so delicious. How could I choose? I started off with what was easy. I got the house beer, which was very very light, bright golden ale and went down like water. Things felt better after that.The bread was hearty, fresh, and very nutty -  a little bit of a sourdough thing going on and I liked it. Was not toasted, but the bread spoke for itself. So did the fresh butter in the tiny mason jar...oh homemade butter I love you so! We started with the marinated smoked sausages, with pork and foie gras. It was that salty, smoky, meaty, somehow lemony taste that makes you think of good pepperoni without that much heat or oil. It was good, and a good portion of it too. Next, was the foie gras cromesquis. The waiter had to stop me before I cut into, what looked like, a cubed, fried cheeseball. He said to just put it on my tongue, keep my mouth closed, and let the liquid inside fill your mouth (Hm, where have I heard these instructions before?? Sorry.)Like a wave of an ocean, the liquid foie gras burst so tiny yet HUGE into my mouth, that gritty cube gave way to a sea of flavors and warm pulsing. It seemed to fill all your senses, you can't hear you were concentrating on the warmth, and your nose smells the cheese it was wrapped in, and the herbs mixed into it, and you were trying to chew and you had the urge to open your mouth to let it all out, its warm and gooey...but its too good to let go. Your reflexes force you swallow you try to control it, the urge to control your gulps and try to savor the moment....and it was gone. I said, "Wow."This is what food IS. And I'm still only on appetizers.The boy got the "duck in a can" which just serving it to us is a time in itself. A huge can and ceremony of opening is takes to your table. The contents stack marvelously onto your plate in shape of the can, until you demolish it for that perfect bite of lettuce, and perfectly cooked duck. The duck is soft and marinated and cooked to dreamlike consistency. The lettuce is not mushy but not crunchy and the little bit of sweet accents the softness of the duck. Great portions and great flavor.I got my foie gras hamburger. Mine, this was meant for me. Balanced on a bed of greens and a sweet, thick balsamic vinaigrette was a portion of foie gras and not too much boursin cheese. It is rich but not so much that you get a headache, instead you get that perfect balance of pleasure without the sin of a hangover that is heavy, fatty food...I kid you not that the only place I would ever want to be was right there, at that first bite of magic. To accompany were fries fried in duck fat with truffle sea salt. They were slightly crispy, and delicious.Dessert tops it all off, and I ordered the chocolate molten cake. It was soft and thick liquid in the middle, a sauce I sucked off the back of my spoon. The perfect end to quite possibly the perfect meal. I was content, I was satisfied, I ordered another beer and felt like I needed to have a cigarette as I've just had one of the most pleasurable experiences of my life. The waitress, the entire time, was very attentive, polite, eager to answer our questions, and so gracious when we were leaving. She really helped make it an awesome experience. The prices were slightly high, but definitely not unreasonable for a nice restaurant ($100 or so for everything, not including tip). This is a place I need to go every time I go to Montreal, even just passing by for an evening. We sent our highest compliments to the chef!!
5	Just went last week.  I was with a group of 8.  The hostesses are the cutest.  they moved the tables reservations around and called us to let us know what available times there had for us. I seriously love this place.  the room is so nice, unpretentious, warm feeling,..  And the Food was so much more than i expected.  We shared Le plateau du Plateau.  It was so amazing (pictures to come).  The shellfish was so fresh - oysters, and clams were great.  They also added a bowl of spicy snails.  I have never had these type of snails (sand snails) other than vietnamese style which is steamed and gingery.  the spicy sauce was great.  As a main dish, I shared the PDC farcie de foie gras.  It was good, but i don't think it was the best thing i could have had on the menu.  :)  because it was farcie, the meat was a tad dry - i think my friend's regular PDC was better.  Anyway, the canard en conserve is classic, the poutine foie gras is a great sharing dish, and les fleurs de courgette tempura were nice as entree.  Nice surprise, at the end of the evening, my friend who could not finish her cote de porc took it to go.  They took it to the back and brought it back in airtight plastic (kinda like the sous-vide bag).  haha OHHH and dessert!!!  I love the pudding chomeur!  it comes piping hot, covered in maple syrup.  Takes you back to your Cabane a Sucre memories!  Get a coffee and its heaven.  Dinner went from 9 to 12:30 and there were still people in the restaurant.  no rush.  love it.
5	First time visiting Montreal and with rave reviews from yelp, I knew I had to book a reservation here.  We were not disappointed!  The only reservation available was 10:30pm on Thu and we gladly accepted.  Pinot Noir - good Poutine - never had before and although the cheese curds were unusual for a topping, they proved to be delicious with the gravyDuck in a Can - excellent presentation, rich and savory over sauteed veggies, toast? and mashed potatoesStuffed Pig's foot w/foie gras - signature dish - when my husband ordered this, the waiter warned him it was a big dish.  There was no exaggeration there.  Everyone surrounding us stared as it was brought to the table.  When placed in front of him, the crowd cheered ooh aaahh.  Patrons waiting in line for a table looked in amazement and asked "What is that?!"  De-li-cious!Definitely make a reservation here.  We are certainly glad we did.  And would return in a heartbeat.
5	Au Pied de Cochon is one of Montreals finest dining establishments! Inspired to visit by an episode of Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations, my husband stopped in while in Montreal for a business trip. He raved about the food so much that on his next trip, I joined him and we had reservations for our final night in town. Too eager to wait, we went twice on our trip. DAY 1:We had tarragon bison tongue, followed by their famous trotter, a deep fried pigs leg stuffed with veggies served on a bed of cheese infused mashed potatoes the consistency of cheese pizza, topped with foie gras. It was amazing!DAY 2:Hungry for more we went BACK to AuPied for dinner and had some more amazing food- the highlight being foie gras cromquisse (spelling) - which was a foie gras stuffed hush puppie/fritter that was deep fried. You had to eat it in one bite and all the liquified foie gras came squirting out. We followed that with their beet/goat cheese salad which could have been a dessert, and it was so rich and so gorgeously presented. (it had beautiful greens and even a little lavender flower bud and then drizzled along side was beet puree.) Obviously our entrees were just as good, he had the PDC meatloaf and I had the PDC Melting Pot a porktastic selection of different meats on top of a bowl of the famous mashed potatoes. We each had a glass of wine, then went ahead and ordered a $67 bottle of Cote du Rhone, our three apps, two entrees and dessert, the bill came out to about $160. Unfreakingbelievable! - considering the quality of the food.Thanks Anthony Bourdain for being right on the money about this place and thanks Au Pied de Cochon for existing in the first place!
5	I love it.  I just love it.  It is a cute unpretentious restaurant that just feels exceptional.  The service is wonderful, friendly, and very attentive.  One waiter even made recommendations for a nearby patron who was a vegetarian.A side note -- this is NOT the place for vegetarians, and the name of the restaurant is Pig's Feet, and the food is french, so if you have any moral or personal objections to fois gras, eating meat, or if you are on a diet -- do NOT come here.  The fries are cooked in duck fat -- nuff said.However, if you love meat, rich and decadent food, this is the place to be.  Had the goat cheese and beet salad, which was very flavorful but not overpowering, the steak frites, which was tender and served with grilled mushrooms and onions.  Truly enjoyed both desserts -- the chocolate mousse (pot de creme chocolate noir) and the pouding chomeur, which is served hot and is exceptionally sweet.  They have a great selection of teas as well.  Our bill for two came out to $100.I highly recommend this place.  They are open until midnight, which is also wonderful.
4	In Au Pied De Cochon, I had the best Foie Gras dish that I have ever had. But the food was good, but too heavy to my taste. If you love Foie Gras, meat and are not afraid of animal fat, you'll love this place. My wife and I went to Au Pied De Cochon during our recent trip to Montreal. The food was good, the price was reasonable, the portions were very generous and the service was great.I never liked Foie Gras. But I loved Foie Gras Cromesquis that I had here. It's absolutely the best Foie Gras that I have ever had. I also liked Piglet Roast, the tender piglet meat and their sauce complimented each other wonderfully. Their Bison tongue was also very very good.For entrees, we ordered Duck in a Can and Catch of the Day(halibut). The duck dish had a rich combination of Foie Gras, duck meat(with skin), vegetable and their tasty sauce. Everything was put in a sealed can and cooked in the oven. The duck meat was cooked rare, which was perfect. But for me, the skin was undercooked, it didn't taste good with all the half-cooked fat on it. I wish they had seared the skin and cooked down the fat before putting it into the can. The halibut was good, the meat was tender and the tasted great with the sauce. We had a good time at Au Pied De Cochon. I would have gave it 5 stars had the food been a bit lighter and more balanced.
5	Wow. Need I say more. Well I will. If you haven't understood from the other reviewers, this place is amazing. You must get reservations here as it is so popular, that it is always filled. We had reservations and still waited for almost an hour, but the wait was well worth it. If you are looking for a large sign to Au Pied De Cochon, then you are looking for another restaurant. APDC may be a connoisseurs dream come true, but it is not have a flashy environment. APDC's fame comes from its delicious menu of sea food, duck in a can, bison tongue and wines to name a few. I had the bison tongue as an appetizer. I know, that sounds gross, but it truly has a wonderful taste that I've never tasted before. I then had bison ribs and shared my friends sea food platter of clams, mussels, snails, and something else. I'm not a big fan of mussels or clams, but the rest were wonderfully delicious. As far as waiting services, though they are hot, I did not feel as though they were the best. I have had better, but I'm not there for the service. I'm there for the food. If you want some of the best food in Montreal or maybe in all of Canada, then you must try Au Pied De Cochon.
3	We went because of the reviews and yes we are foodies so natually we went.  The place as it is advertised - packed wall to wall.  We were sat at the bar because there were no tables available.  Let's just say that sometime watching an open kitchen is not as appetizing as it seems.  The food was good and the waiter was nice but the only thing I would not suggest is the beef tar-tar.  It gets to sit too long and so it is not as cold as it should be.  So when you have a hunk of raw meat sitting out too long because it is waiting for the other dishes to get finished it is not so sanitary.  I would like to give 3 1/2 because we have seen too much sitting at the bar.  The food is great though just make sure you don't see it being prepared.
4	Whether you're in Lima or Napoli, Southern European and Southern American cities have similarities, they still have bustling produce, fish and meat markets with restaurants that blend in with the chaos. Wooden tables without napkins. Sturdy cutlery. Pots, pans, dishes, and plates in all sorts of shapes and textures, just like the patrons. Layers of seafood on ice along the bar. And of course, the sizzling of onions and shallots (the aromatic of choice for French cuisine) filling the dining room. Patrons gossiping and boasting about their lives, all in all an orgy of noises and smells.The problem is, we are not in Sao Paolo, but in Montreal, in the bowels of Le Plateau. This is chef Martin Picard's Au Pied de Cochon. The acclaimed Chef attaches his beginnings to Montreal going back to the early 1990's.The raison d'etre of Au Pied de Cochon is to delight its customers, as much through its exquisite food as through its friendly atmosphere. When it is a question of pure pleasure, one would have a hard time convincing that the feeling of fresh vegetables cracking in your mouth, as good as it may be, is as pleasurable or as intense as a piece of meat, cooked perfectly, especially at the moment it releases its fat and its juices, filling the body with warmth an instantaneous feeling of well being. One thus goes to Au pied de cochon for the comforting pleasures of a meat-plentiful and generous kitchen, terroire inspired. Martin Picard is a larger-than-life character, for whom eating well means eating a lot, and drinking well means drinking a lot.Like the changing temperatures of the seasons, the kitchen at Au Pied de Cochon offers a variety of seasonal fare. Without giving up the pillars of the meat repertoire that characterizes the restaurant, Martin Picard's estival cuisine includes a large number of fish and seafood dishes. During the winter the menu goes through a dramatic transformation.Most dishes have only four or five easily identifiable ingredients, in balanced proportions. Chef Martin Picard does get clever with one pervasive product: foie gras. It comes in nearly a dozen combinations, including stuffed into a ham hock, with poutine, and in an interesting creation called "Duck in a Can" which does, indeed, come to the table with a can opener. Somehow! this canned duck provided us with succulent meat without any of the chewy fat that is usually expected. After having magret de canards in Montreal in the past, none have come close to satisfying me like this dish.  A heap of mushrooms and onions covered the deep colored duck strips, which were teased to perfection by the chef. The main courses are for carnivores and pescivores. We were tempted by but did not try any of the large plates of seafood on a bed of crushed ice. The zucchini flowers were delicately fried and sprinkled with fleur de sel, and the calamari was light and citrus filled accompanied by caviar.When you feel like another bite will send you into a cholesterol-induced coma, maple syrup cake is the only fitting finish.This is not an establishment for sensitive stomachs and underperforming livers!
5	Rather than adding more noise to the already crowded Yelp page for Au Pied de Cochon, I'll do what I like to do in this situation and give you my top five list on why you should eat here:1. The open kitchen so you can watch the quick moving -- and good looking -- chefs freshly prepare everything before your very eyes!2. Bison tongue, Duck in a Can, and Sugar Pie. Nom, nom, nom!3. Foie Gras Poutine, and prepared about 15 other ways4. Amazing staff5. Martin Picard running the kitchen in shorts and a Dickies shirt. In a word: Awesome.
4	So much fun.  Should I say more???  Great atmosphere, friendly and accomodating waitstaff, good food and plenty of it.  Go and be happy.
5	How good was your greatest meal? How did you react? What did it make you feel?During my trip to WorldCon in Montreal, a group of ten of us made our way to Au Pied de Cochon. We were a group from around the world: the UK, Israel, Australia, Seattle, the Bay Area. It was an amazing group and it led to fantastic conversation. The place is much smaller than I expected, but it was rough, not at all polished. There were visible boxes of stuff all over the place. That's a nice touch. it makes it feel less refined, which makes the food even better. We had a huge selection of stuff. My extremely tall buddy Niall had the Bison Rib. it looked like it would tip over the Flintstone's car for sure. The Lovely & Talented Linda had the Hot Pot. It was amazing. We had Duck in a Can, Duck Carpaccio, the fried cubes of fois gras, amazing poutine and I had a Shepard's Pie. My first bite and I nearly cried. No, seriously, it was that good. I had to stop, set down my fork and let myself get centered. I couldn't show weakness in front of the Brits. They may just try and run us over again. I loved the potatoes, the light cheese, the meat. It was all so perfect together. I absolutely loved it all. I couldn't speed through it. I had to go slow, had to come around slowly, take every bite, let it roll around. It was fantastic. I kept saying "this is the most amazing meal of my life" and it wasThe only downside to this place is that it gets crowded and noisy. The night I was there we were joined by Connie Willis, George R. R. Martin, Gardner Dozois and the folks from Locus Magazine. It was loud enough that we had trouble hearing our own conversaations. But no words were needed: it was the most amazing meal of my life.
4	Really great food; amazing atmosphere. I happily finished what the gf couldnt on her plate. HUGE portions! YUM!
4	I have never ever been so intimidated to go to a restaurant before.  I did my research and watched the No Reservations Episode, read reviews and reviewed the menu.  I literally felt full just getting information on this place.The food lives up to the billing.  BIG portions, indulgent is an understatement, and yes flavors that make you want one more bite even if your stomach will not comply.I never ever thought I would say this but you can have too much Foie Gras.  I wish they did a tasting menu rather that making you try to select from a few dishes.  The waiter told us we ordered way too much.  WE DID!!!  But we wanted to try things.  After surrendering and eating only half of the duck for 2; we did manage to suck it up and have a great goat cheese and raspberry tart.  The rest of the night was spent in pain laying around but it was worth every indulgent bite.
5	This place is so kick ass.  It's a bit rustic/bar-like, and the menu holds wonders galore.  Seriously.  This little square with a liquid foie center freaking me out.  And then I had this orgasmic foie dish with pancake, potato, bacon, two pieces of pan-seared foie gras, and a confit of egg and maple in a maple sauce... aaarrrrggggarrgggggle... oi!Needless to say, I needed a cappuccino after the meal.  And they make their cappuccinos uber duber strong.  To match the heavy orgasmic, melting goo of deliciousness they serve.  Oi!
5	I can't say much that hasn't already been said.  There were 7 adults in our party and I made sure to have at least one bite of everything that came to the table.  In a nutshell... everything was decadent, rich and delicious.  There weren't many plates (appetizer or main course) that came to the table without some pork &/or foie gras on it.For appetizers we had the foie gras "tout nu" - a traditional serving of foie gras on crostini with a balsamic glaze, fried squash blossoms served with aioli, onion soup gratinee - I don't believe there was a single bite without cheese, the cochonailles platter - essentially a charcuterie plate comprised completely of pork products, and the tarragon bison tongue - which was tender and flavorful.Based on all other rave reviews, one member of our party ordered the Duck in a Can... yum.  Other entrees included the ridiculously large portioned foie gras burger - aka heart attack on a bun, lamb shank - the only entree complaint came from the bland hot tomatoes on top of the dish, meatloaf - topped with a generously sized piece of foie gras, steak frites, halibut special of the day, and the PDC melting pot.Next time we find ourselves in Montreal, we'd be hard pressed to pick an alternative to Au Pied De Cochon.  It was well worth the trip.
5	As Advertised!!!  AWESOME!!!!I suggest getting a mid-late service reservation at the bar. Keep your fingers crossed that you get one of the first six spots at the bar. The open kitchen is the most entertaining 120 minutes to come out of Montreal since Cirque du Soleil. This is dinner as theater at its very best. We laughed, we cried, we ate liquified fois gras.  The Plogue a Champlain...(don't ask, just order it... trust me) goes straight to my list of all time favorite dinner entrees. The wine list was well above the curve as far as Montreal resto's are concerned. Service was great ( though the hostess did seem a little perturbed we arrived 10 minutes early for a 9:30 PM reservation).  Au Pied du Cochon is the BOMB!!
3	If you want to enjoy this place you can't be concerned about your waistline or your cholesterol level.  All of the dishes are full of flavor and fat.  It would be nice if they had some dishes that weren't so heavy so that you could leave without feeling you need to climb up Mount Royal to burn off the calories.  The best dish I had was the Crispy PDC Salad.
5	This was one of the best meals i have ever had.  You need to be a meat lover though as it is primarily pork dishes (and heavy and rich pork dishes at that).  They did have a fish dish on the menu for non-meat eaters, but thats not why you go there.  I was with a large group and so we ordered quite a few of the appetizers and smaller dishes.  Make sure you have one of the Foi Gras dishes.  They were sensational.  One of the entree's was called the melting pot.  It had 4 or 5 different kinds of pork in a bowl.  It had a regular sausage, a blood sausage, some sort of pulled pork and two other things.  The blood sausage in particular was outstanding and was probably the best blood sausage i have ever had.The restaurant itself is narrow and can get a little loud.  Try and get a table in the front where if the weather permits the full length windows are open to the street.    Servers were friendly and well versed in the menu.  They made good suggestions with the best being the waiter told me that if i ordered another appetizer "I would Die".  I am VERY glad i didn't order the additional appetizer.
5	I just recently went to Montreal in what was my first trip to Canada, and I had known about this restaurant through a Canadian friend's suggestion. I looked it up on Youtube and went nuts watching Anthony Bourdain eating there.I was so pumped I did a few Internet searches and read reviews, including Yelp's, to get an idea of what to expect and to order dishes I knew I'd like. And I'm glad I did my homework.The foie gras cromenisques just... melted. Literally. 2 or 3 seconds and you forget it was fried. Delight, in pure form. The tarragon bison tongue was quite soft, and the flavors were very rich. Then, the foie gras poutine. Please note: I am not someone who likes fries and rarely eat them, but I couldn't pass this up... I never imagined fries w/ gravy, cheese, and yes, foie gras could be so decadently good.Up to now, great. A confluence of amazing flavors, all very rich.Then, the duck in a can. My only disappointment in what was probably the most unique and creative dish I've ever eaten was that it was not as large as I thought it'd be. A few reviews said it was a very large portion, but at nearly 6' tall I wasn't too impressed w/ the size. My friend, in contrast, ordered the pied de cochon which I must say wasn't the best dish. The onions were fine, but they were too rich, and he did at least finish the pork. He was fuller than I was; otherwise, I would've ordered the cured foir gras & boudin tart as I'm a huge lover of boudin/blood sausage.This was so worth it... such a cool restaurant with very unique food. I'm tempted to go to Montreal again ONLY to eat here! And I probably will, soon enough.
3	Before dinner at PDC, I did not believe the term " too much foie gras" Our 1st dish was Foie Gras with bacon and fig (a special that night which I thought was only a small appetizer, but it was actually an entry size dish). The foie gras were perfectly cooked and melted in my mouth, but the fig was a little too strong and made the entire dish a bit too sweet.  By the end of the 1st dish, I was already pretty satisfied. And then our main course came:Mine was Cured Foie Gras & Boudin Tart (how big can a tart be? right? wrong!! this is not your regular tart,  it is meant to be shared by 4 very hungry people!!).  This dish was probably, by far,  the richest food I have ever had in my entire life!! With tons of Foie Gras AND blood sausages on a huge tart.  Although the dish tasted really great, I could only finish 1/6 of the "pie" and I felt... defeated.. by FOIE GRAS?! My husband ordered duck in the can which comes in a regular can, but I was surprised how much duck and foie gras were packed in that can.  Unfortunately, he was defeated too, left half of the foie gras and duck untouched. The duck, in my opinion, was bland. I did not try his foie gras though (obviously)...We also ordered the duck fat fries, they tasted just like the regular fries. For dessert, we ordered the Lemon Meringue Pie and Panna Cotta, the panna cotta was outstanding, pie was just all right. We will definitely return, and next time PDC, we  - will- be - prepared!
4	Okay, you cannot go here weekly, but once a year I don't see a health problem. As you can see from many of the reviews, especially the lower rated ones, they are almost all lower because the reviewer stated "too much fat" etc. If you look at the other ratings, as of mine, that are 3 stars or below, you will notice a trends, food too rich.... I also laughed at some of the reviews that are lower rated, but they liked the "salad". Come on people, if you like salads and lite food, DON'T GO HERE. Yes, this is true, too much fat, too much excess, too much everything. That is the point of this place. French country cooking to the extreme. Don't go here if you don't want to feel like you just ate a pound of butter after. Go here if you want to experience the most savory, succulent goodness Quebec has to offer. I have posted 8 pictures of the dishes we ordered. All unreal in flavor and presentation. We only had one night to experience this place so we ordered way too much. If I had more time in Montreal, I'd like go here early with friends, order one dish, and share it, before going for cocktails and a late dinner elsewhere. Also, I would recommend if you want to experience more dishes here, go multiple nights. The servings are huge. The pigs foot alone would feed a entire family plus left overs.
4	Good and pleasant, but the Duck In A Can, while fun, wasn't as tasty as I'd hoped. Too much cabbage. My wife had a hard time finding something not too heavy...
5	I have never given five stars to a restaurant I've been only once, but if any restaurant deserves it, it's Au Pied de Cochon. I was THAT impressed with the restaurant! Perfect from start to finish. One of the owners took our drink orders (not Martin Picard, unfortunately, but extremely nice) and the bread and butter was brought out shortly. Oh, that butter! Even their butter is amazing, obviously from a local, superior source, served with rustic bread. I can only think of one other restaurant (Eleven Madison Park in NYC) where bread and butter were so memorable. We ordered foie gras cromesquis and tomato tartlets for appetizer, both were amazing. Especially cromesquis, I'd never had anything like that in my life -- that feeling of warm, intense foie gras flavor exploding in your mouth! Had boudin and foie gras tart and the famous Duck in a Can for entree, again both were AMAZING. Both dishes had SO much foie gras in/on it! Every bite was simply heavenly. Sorry to use such cheesy language, but I have no better way to express it. That Duck in a Can had so many flavors melding together that it was dizzying! And that boudin and foie gras tart with BIG chunks of each strewn all over... it's enough to give me an orgasm now. Even the dessert was amazing (I know, if I say "amazing" one more time in this review...) We ordered pudding chomeur, which arrived boiling and smelling intensely of maple syrup! It was sheer torture waiting for it to cool down, but when it did... so simple yet so freakin' delicious. I am SO making that for dessert this Christmas. Even though I begged the owner to open a franchise in New York, I'm glad there's nothing like that around here. Otherwise I would go there weekly and weigh 400 pounds! Seriously, one of the most amazing meals in my life and all that amazing food for around $150 for two. This is officially one of my favorite restaurants in the WORLD and I canNOT wait to go back!
3	This restaurant is deeeep in the French speaking cut of Montreal.  We walked in not one person was speaking English at any of the tables.  This is definitely not a tourist restaurant.  The food here is simply amazing and the menu changes all the time.  When we went, they had a bison steak frites that everyone at the table ordered.  The only downside is that the staff is a bit condescending, well they are quite a bit hipster-French-Canadian hipster.  That got old and is the only reason I did not give it more stars.
4	Good friggin GRAVY!This place is insane!  I happened to venture to this place with luck in the winter months close to Christmas for my first time in Montreal.  I couldn't think of a better place to go in winter.It is nestled in a wonderful residential neighborhood with a warm inviting woody ambience.  It's very popular so I would recommend a reservation well in advance.I had spent much of the day walking and seeing most of the city in cold temps, working up such an appettite it wasn't funny.  And I strongly... STRONGLY suggest you do the same before eating here, and this is why.This is a place that is big on portions, insane RICH food with an insane amount of foie groise in the menu.  EVen with the marathon workout I had I couldn't even make a dent in my rich cassoulet, loaded with a ton of bacon and rich meats (with a good part organ variety).   A deep fried sushi plate of sorts passed me by that looked like it was made out of a tree log...This is a place rich in warmth, out of control in its love of what it serves that it borders on madness.   In an urban center this is a place that can only make a meal for a 600 pound French Canadian lumberjack, with skilled culinary flavor.A can't miss experience.
5	If "Au Pied de Cochon" were a rock band, it would be Queen circa 1979. And if Chef Marc Picard were a rockstar, he would be a latex-clad, cocaine-snorting, sex-crazed Freddie Mercury. This restaurant is pure rock 'n roll on a plate. Uncompromising, unhealthy, and unlike anything you've ever tasted.I had heard about it from my friend in Montreal, and like many others, had drooled in delight at the Bourdain "No Reservations" segment filmed at the restaurant. For a serious gourmand, foie gras is up there with caviar, truffles and oysters in the "leave your pre-conceptions behind" department. It is also one of the most delectable things on the planet, and Monsieur Picard simply knows how to do it. Right. There is simply no point in coming to this restaurant if you are not willing to put yourself, and your health, at risk. In all honesty, I would recommend three things:1) A group of friends who love food, and by love I mean ADORE it. They must also love foie gras, specifically.2) A full de-tox the day prior, with perhaps a few pieces of celery to keep the body going. But for God's sake, do not eat a regular meal within the 24 hour window period preceding the pig-out. This is a religious experience, and as such it must be treated with reverence, discipline, and a little fear.3) Start smoking and/or go to the gym on a regular basis, because the only thing that can tame the foie gras coma you will be in is half-a-pack of smokes, or a swift 15-minute walk around the block right before dessert.With that in mind, we arrived prepared and loaded with cash. The place is expensive, but I am not even going to get into a financial dissection. How much would you pay to see Freddie Mercury live? Exactly. Some things exist beyond crumpled pieces of cash, or faded plastic credit cards. Some things are immortal- like Freddie, or foie gras. The clientele is generally quite youthful- between 25-40. Nobody in their right mind would eat here past 40 without a cardiologist by their side. It's a good space, not huge, with so-so acoustics. Realistically though, you won't have time to talk much since your mouths will be occupied 80-85% of the time. Think of it as a foie gras bordello, with you as the old hooker.So we began. We ordered a Foie Gras burger; pan-seared Foie Gras; the infamous Duck-in-a-can; the pig's foot; an assortment of vegetables; and an absolutely out-of-this-world bottle of Cotes de Provence. So good, in fact, that we went for the same bottle twice. Of course, we shared everything.The burger was "monstrous". The waiter had warned me, but I was on a suicidal mission and decided to order it as my appetizer. It's basically a lean beef burger doused in a balsamic reduction, with a slab of foie gras on top. The burger buns were crunchy and firm (presumably to hold the whole structure together), and though it needed some serious scaffolding work half-way through, it held together nicely. The whole thing was a knock-out punch to the senses. Strong, aromatic, but surprisingly well thought-out, with the foie gras giving a creamy after taste to each beefy bite. It is often the simplest dishes that reveal the true artistry in the kitchen, and the quality of ingredients. Please welcome dish numero deux, the pan-seared foie gras- possibly the simplest dish on the menu. Served with garlic crostini and a mild balsamic reduction (notice the trend), the foie gras was crispy on the outside but revealed a molten, sweet center. This is not the kind of foie gras we are often accustomed to- the mousse-like paste to be spread onto bread or toast. This is the liver itself, unprocessed and untainted. Beautiful. By this point we were starting to feel the calorific after-burn, but the best was yet to come. The duck-in-a-can is a mechanical marvel. A waiter comes over with a tin can labelled "canard en conserve". A deep plate is placed in front of you, and in it is a bed of pillowy mashed potatoes. The waiter then cracks the can open, and pours its content over the mashed potatoes. Magically, the mashed potatoes are joined by half a mallard duck, jus, foie gras, garlic, balsamic demi-glaze and other heavenly ingredients. There are literally are no words to describe the richness and exquisite taste. Comparing it to anything I'd previously eaten would border on criminal.Similarly, the pied de cochon  is a delicate oven-roasted miracle stuffed with foie gras. It was at this point that my friend and I looked at each other and realized that we were born in the wrong century. In our food-fuelled daze, we saw each other as feudal lords, or kings, feasting on pig, engorged liver and wine, loving every second of it. The restaurant is essentially a time-warp to the land of gluttony. If Henry VIII were alive, he would have a permanent reservation in the back. Life is short, cholesterol is over-rated, and ducks are generally unimpressive creatures with little-to-no personality. Raise your glass to Monsieur Picard, and rock 'n roll.
5	I LOOOOOOOOVE their Foie Gras poutine! My husband and I went there with a strong recommendation from our hotel concierge; he even got us a table last minute! Small cozy bistro with heavenly delicious food, not with fancy deco, but a sincere attitude toward the food. I admire them. The wine list is relatively short, but the guy who took our order (I think he is Phil) recommended a very good Burgundy to our poutine; It's not an expensive selection, but it was good match. Their service was also attentive; we never had to ask for something; their staff really took a good care of us! Excellent orchestrated piece!
3	We called for reservations for a party of three which we were declined! Fortunately, I was able to convince the person stating we came to Montreal all the way from NYC just for this restaurant. Score! So now that we were in the doors we came with high expectations. C'mon, Bourdain almost had an orgasm from this place! We started with the usual, beer & oysters. I enjoy my oysters raw and unseasoned but these were great! We also ordered the Duck in a Can, Cromesquis Foie Gras, Cochonnailles Platter, PDC's Melting Pot, and Creme Brulee. The Cromesquis were delightful, warm and bursting with foe gras. I wouldn't recommend the Cochonnailles  platter, which was a cold plate of cured meats and blood. The Melting Pot was probably my favorite dish for its wholesome home flavor. Everything was overall solid but this wasn't my favorite dining experience as stated by others.
4	My sister Jess has been living in Montreal for the past three years and each year I have visited and together we have the made the pilgrimage to all things pig and duck - Au Pied De Cochon. The restaurant is quite small, narrow and long, an open plan kitchen and wood fired oven line one of the walls. Due to the proximity of patrons, pots and pigs it can be pretty hot, but in a hearty open fire type of way, it is immediately endearing.During our first visit we had what was arguably the finest dish there, not pig or duck, but lamb confit. The shank had been braised slowly in goose fat, rosemary and thyme. It was served on a bed of light puy lentils, a touch of vinegar lifting them against the rich meat. The sauce, OMG, was a heavily reduced lamb juice and tomato concoction, the depth of flavour hard to articulate, I was blushing and I am not normally shy. I was so enamoured that I spent the next two days hunting down the cook book and one year later recreated the same dish for my mothers European birthday adventure, it didn't disappoint. During my second visit we had the duck in a can, canned duck breast, foie gras, root vegetables and once again another incredible sauce. It may be a little gimmicky, they open the can at your table and throw it on a plate, but if it is good enough for Mr Bourdain (I am secretly developing a weird man crush) it is good enough for me. We also had a foie gras tart, which was devine, the richness of the foie gras offset buy the tart apple. So I suppose it is unfortunate that my last memory there is my least favourite. After much deliberation we decided to opt for their speciality, the pigs foot stuffed with foie gras, this is not a decision to be taken lightly, literally. If like me you have ever stared eye to eye with a pigs foot then you will probably be a little terrified by the idea, hoofs are just plain scary, I would eat a hairy tattooed biker any day. The foot comes in a crumbed batter atop a bed of mash strewn with root vegetables, drowning in a rich sauce with a few pieces of foie gras on top. It is not pretty. I found the majority of it intimidating and rather gloopy, even my sisters frenchie BF lacked the means to tackle it properly. For the next few days the pig took residence in my body like some dark poltergeist, I had both sweats and nightmares. You are warned.To avoid finishing on such a dark pig demon note, if in the Monte, you must go there, just heed my advice.
5	We saw this place on No Reservations and decided that it was to be our last meal of 2009.  We had the duck in a can.  It was the best $37 I've ever spent on a can.  The Carpaccio de Canard melts in your mouth and the Foie gras was simply the best I've had anywhere.  Tough getting a reservation though and You will have to wait past your reservation to be seated.  The sinks in the bathrooms are uber cool.
5	I'm from Montreal and oddly enough I had never heard of this resto until recently. So I went here for the first time this winter after I saw it on Anthony Bourdain and bf from SF has been dying to try the famous foie gras. It was everything we imagined it would be, fat, fat and more fat, but oh so delicious. The resto is really small, no signs outside, packed like crazy, very charming and casual setting. Les crosmesquis de foie gras was out of this world! It was a foie gras explosion in your mouth. The duck in a can, scary but unbelievably tasty. Everything is heated in their wood stove oven and the foie gras poutine will give you a clogged artery but definitely worth the experience.
5	Heard about this place through many channels, most currently through word of mouth, but as far back as the episode of Bourdain's travels. I travel to Montreal a lot and this is the first time with my fiance, so I had to go somewhere nice... Now on to the good stuff. The only reason why its not a perfect 5 star is because of the missed delivery of my appetizer, its more 4.5 stars, but yelp doesnt have a 4.5... so I rounded up :) Ratings & Review - Food - (5 Star) - Service - (4.5 star) Just because of the missed appetizer, my beers came flowing perfectly - Decor - (5 star) - Cost - (5 star) its French people.. come on Food Had: - Foie Gras Cromesquis - This was weird, I never had foie gras, but this stuff is amazing, its foie gras cubes battered and deep fried, when you pop it in your mouth, it bursts with the best flavor I've ever experienced, is this foie gras? I am in love then! - Piglet Roast - Sliced pork, nothing much else to say, I was not too fond of this, pretty bland - Fries (in duck fat) - They actually have a guy devoted to just making fries, he throws how the cold ones and make them to order, tastes amazing - Duck in a can - WOW amazing, it took a while to arrive because it needs to cool down, but when you bite into it... OMG amazing!, I just can't see myself eating the duck skin... it was pretty thick...Tip: (1) Reservation is a must (2) Sit at the bar, the first 4 seats are awesome, you see all the action in the kitchen! (3) If you sit at the bar, wear something you don't mind at the end of the night smelling like the kitchen!
5	One of the great meals you can get in Montreal.  It is a must visit and truely one of the unique experiences of Montreal.One thing I loved about it is, its not so uppity about itself, in fact it's almost casual.  It truly is the temple of foie gras, duck and pork that all the Bourdain's have made it out to be.  Which is in fact a wonderful thing.When I went recently I shared the pigs head with someone else, just cause, where and when else are you going to get to order a pigs head?  It was awesome but next time I would prob stick to the smaller plates to get more of a sampling.  The chicharron and the fries are fried in duck fat.  You must get these.  They are magnificent.By the way the portions here are huge so keep that in mind when ordering.
5	A self-proclaimed lover of everything and anything French, au pied de cochon only re-affirms my belief. The place itself is very small and narrow, but cozy. The staff are very friendly and helpful, providing descriptions of all the ingredients that went into the dishes. As for the food, I ordered the sheperd's pie, and it was unbelievable. Everything about it was incredible. We also ordered a side of fries that were fried in duck fat- not really my thing, but I can see why it would appeal to others. Chef Picard happened to be in the restaurant the night we were there and he actually came around to various tables making sure everything was meeting expectations! APDC would most definitely be a weekly thing if I lived in Montreal (hey, you only live once!)
5	The foie gras poutine is worth the visit alone. I love the fact that this place isn't pretentious -- it's egalitarian in the sense that you don't have to be some sort of snobby foodie to enjoy yourself. I was comfortable in jeans and sneakers. (Granted, I had to wear jeans with a loose waistband, because by the time I left, I was practically popping out). We started with the foie gras poutine and a salad, which seems odd given the rest of the menu. But the salad was topped with rabbit and a deep fried soft egg. Very good.I had the Duck in a Can, which arrived around twenty minutes after our appetizer plates were taken away. Included a giant chunk of duck breast, foie gras, and fat. Love the fat. Only weakness was the puree and bread the canned duck was emptied out onto -- I was hoping for more of a mashed potato, it tasted more like sunchoke or parsnip with cabbage. My husband had the beef rib, which looked like something Fred Flintstone ordered in the opening credits of the Flintstones (y'know, at the drive in movie theatre, where the server places it on the car tray and the car tips over?). You'd think a hunk of rib that gigantic would be tough and sinewy, but quite the opposite -- it was so tender and nom-tastic. I wish I'd left room for dessert, but after all that foie gras and fat, I felt like I was going to keel over and die. (From happiness as well as fullness.)The only crappy thing was that we had a 9pm reservation and we weren't seated until 9:40. The hostess was really nice about it, though - she offered us something to drink and was very apologetic. Once we were seated, it wasn't that long until we received our appetizers. Despite this bump in the road, the experience was still amazing from start to finish.
1	Is everyone serious with all the 4 and 5 star reviews?  More like "Cochon Slop" This place was one of the worse dining experiences i have ever encountered.  We had a 5 o'clock reservation and was promptly seated,  there were only 2 parties in the entire restaurant.  We ordered the poutine with foie gras as an appetizer,  it came out quickly but only semi warm.. the cheese was still hard.  For dinner me and my wife ordered the Duck in a can and the stuffed Pied de Cochon  w/ foie gras.  After an HOUR AND FIFTY MINUTES..... that's right no typo here , one hour and fifty minutes with nooooo apologies, our dinner arrives.  The waiter opens the duck in a can and out plops a huge pool of fat followed by a puny piece of duck with overcooked veggies, this was seriously inedible.  My pied de cochon was equally as bad.  Over cooked vegetables slathered with gravy over a giant pig foot.  Over hyped and over priced. Do yourself a favor and dine elsewhere.
5	Please refer to my photographs. The most decadent meal of my life. We ate an absurd amount of food because we had to try as much as we could! Onion soup gratinee. The PDC twist? Ham in the soup. So good.Blue cheese, apple and lettuces salad. Very fresh and a wonderful blend of sweet and tart. Two, count them, TWO foie gras dishes: foie gras poutine (glad I tried it but I learned there is such a thing as too much foie gras) and another foie gras masterpiece (cannot recall the name), a perfectly seared piece of foie gras on top of a piece of ham blanketed by melted cheese, doused with maple syrup. Sounds weird, tastes amazing. PDC Melting Pot: two types of sausage and pork shoulder atop mashed potatoes and a couple other vegetables. Who really cares about the vegetables, this restaurant is called The Pig's Foot for God's sake! This dish was so tasty.Dark chocolate pot de creme which arrived in a weird, very rustic jar. A perfect ending to an absurdly rich, delightful meal. Loud, vibrant, unpretentious atmosphere, friendly service. Great fun, great food. Definitely coming back one day.
5	Warning... don't come near this place if you're on a diet or if you don't like very rich dishes. Definitely don't step foot in this place unless you LOVE foie gras. And make sure to make reservations in advance... I made reservations three weeks before my trip to Montreal and had to settle for a later seating because this place is just that popular. I love that it's not pretentious and quite casual. The food gosh I don't know where to start... the only description for it is it's like having an orgasm in your mouth. The foie gras poutine, duck in a can and foie gras potato pancake with maple syrup were so unbelievably good that my boyfriend and I practically licked our plates clean. We were stuffed beyond belief but we ordered dessert anyways and lets just say we were speechless. The pot of chocolate was so good we once again wanted to lick the jar clean. We tried to make reservations for another night while we were there since the food was so divine... unfortunately they were booked solid for the week.
5	unapologetically and obscenely decadent. this is a pilgrimage that every lover of foie gras and all things pork should make at least once in their lifetime. it is everything that you would expect: the experience of ingredients so dripping with awesome that even large, burly dudes suddenly begin to fear for the future state of their arteries. just like it sounds guys, dripping with awesome. i don't remember anything of the fine wine which we drank on that day except that it was red, and it was good, and there was a lot of it. A shot of whiskey prior to the meal is encouraged, like an offering to the gods and an act of submission. and the laughter, amazement, and groans of pleasure with each course is a part of the pied de cochon experience, just about the best part of this restaurant, and the reason why it was worth every single solitary calorie.so onto the food. we began our journey with an order of the foie gras cromesquis: three cubes of the most delicious liquid foie you've ever known. piping hot when they arrive at the table, the waiter warned that we should wait two minutes prior to consumption and consume in one big bite. my bite was ecstasy- breaking into the outer fried crust gave way to straight up hot liquid pleasure. If you don't start out with this appetizer, you'll deeply regret it. other dishes following this bite were also wonderful, although the star of the other three we ordered was the guinea hen liver mousse. a creamy fuschia-toned concoction arrives at the table, neatly packed in a small jar, and sealed with a layer of fat. pickled onions and a sweet shot glass of jelly are meant to top your spread of liver on crisped baguette slices. it was a perfect little appetizer to share, right down to the last bite. the piglet roast, thin slices of loin topped with a luscious sauce of confit of tuna mixed into mayonnaise, was excellent, as were the slices of tangy, tender pickled tongue with spicy mustard. and so after a couple bathroom breaks (note the strategically placed tv in the restroom: so thoughtful) and a little more wine, arrived the entrees. the best of the three we ordered? the duck in the can. i don't need to wax poetic on how a savory mess out of a can can be so remarkably delicious. the perfectly cooked, medium rare duck breast combined with a generous slice of foie, and an unsuspectingly delicious concoction of cooked shredded cabbage was memorable to say the least. its arrival at the table is an event, and that first bite of duck, foie, cabbage, and a bit of the toast and puree below is one of those euphoric events that is never forgotten, and sought after for the rest of your culinary expeditions. our other excellent entrees included the foie gras duo, and the boudin and foie gras tart. the foie gras duo includes both the foie gras poutine and the foie gras burger. the poutine was wonderful, comfort food elevated to ridiculousness. that creamy foie gras rich gravy is unforgettable. the burger is the obscene part. sloppy, difficult to consume, but you will try! oh how you will try! after consuming a quarter of the burger, i recall my dining companions desperately trying to pick at pieces of lettuce, desperate for vegetables after the onslaught of fatty tummy saturation...whatever that means. the boudin tart was also good, though i think it was the redheaded step child of the group of entrees. still great, but overshadowed by the other two, and maybe a little heavy on the mustard. but i do love anything with boudin... i'd put it on my ice cream if i didn't gross people out so much.keeling over from happiness, we felt obligated to order one dessert, and opted for their maple syrup hot pot cake. i honestly can't remember what the hell this was called. but i do know that it was sugary, warm, melt in your mouth wonderful. just ask for a dessert that would fit that description. i assure you that the wait staff, perhaps the most amiable i've ever encountered, will be happy to oblige.my goodness, i can't say enough. i, like you, have had a lot of bad meals in my life, lots of hype followed by some sunken-shoulder disappointment. this was not one of those meals. did it exceed my expectations? nope. i expected heaven, and i got it. to recap, make sure you order the foie gras comesquis, the guinea hen liver mousse, the duck in the can, and the maple syrup hot pot thing. ask lots of questions, and just enjoy yourself. and pass out afterwards with happy thoughts of ducks and pigs that died for a good cause. i love this restaurant.
5	Insanely heartfully tasty!! Worth the long walk, it was just soooo good!! Anybody who is going to Montreal, this restaurant is a must go!!! I read all the reviews about this restaurant and noticed a lot of people rate them very high, so I had a very high expectation, nonetheless, I was not disappointed and I was very impressed by their service, food quality, taste, venue from head to toe!! I give them a 6 stars and 2 thumbs up!!We order Terragon bison tongue and tomato tartlet for appertizer, bison tongue just soo tender and it almost melt in your mouth!! tomato tartlet is very good alone (but if it's being compared to the bison tongue, tonuge is better)Yes, I agreed with many of the viewer, foie gras poutine is to died for!! rich taste!! Price is not bad for a big piece of foie gras, there's no where in Calgary you can eat something like this (sorry Calgary!!) And the "Duck in the Can" was just in heaven!! I just can't use any words to describe how good it was, mouth watering taste fill with rich flavours, duck, foie gras, cabbage, garlic, thyme.... just so good.. I wish I have more room for other dishes (they are famous for pork!) and dessert, I guess next time, I would definitely go back here next time in Montreal!!Again, if you are going to Montreal, check them out, be sure to make reservation! :D
4	I ordered the guinea hen liver to start, F-ING FANTASTIC!  Do not leave this restaurant unless you have ordered this.  For the main, I had the foie gras poutine which I thought was small at first, but whoa, it was filling. My wife had the duck-in-a-can.  It was rich and yummy, but she has a sophisticated palate and wasn't totally impressed, but still liked it.  She added that if the duck-in-a-can came with a more complex, interesting side versus potatoes spread on toast.  I recommend getting reservations at the kitchen counter early, maybe a couple days ahead.  Bottom line is this resto is really good.  The dishes are rich and flavorful and the servers are friendly and very, very helpful.  GO.
5	If you like food, you must come here. If you at all consider yourself a foodie, you must come here. If you like yourself as a person, you must come here. If you are alive, you must come here. Just come.I don't know how much I can add to all of these other reviews, but this place seriously merits each of its five stars. From the cromesquis to the duck in a can to the special dish that's not on the menu (the plogue a champlain), everything is delicious at this place. Including dessert. Oh yeah, make sure to save room for dessert. The chomeur pudding was heavenly, as was the pot de creme. And both came in easily shareable portions. Too often are desserts neglected at good restaurants, but definitely not here.So come here, sit down, and eat. Eat as much as you can, and then eat some more. Then revel in what you just ate and how life will never be the same.Note: Reservations are crucial! In March, we were able to get a table a couple of days in advance.
5	A fantastic experience especially if you like foie gras and I do! I can't wait to go back again! I would have given this place 6 stars if it were available! You must try this place when you visit Montreal if you can get a table! Oh and by the  way there's an article it's in this months Playboy magazine!
5	ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC.  The food was to die for, the service was friendly, and the aromas are mouth-watering!  Most definitively in my top 10 restauratns of all time.  I highly recommend the steak frites, steak tartar, and duck carpacho.   Price was very reasonable for the food.
5	Absolutely amazing.  This was a recommendation by two friends as I headed into Montreal for weekend getaway. We didn't realize the reservations were a must but were very lucky that the hostess was able to seat us for a table for 3 on a Saturday night. Total fluke. Great atmosphere and a gorgeous summer night in April. The resaurant's front was completely opened which allowed light breeze and created a lovely backdrop for dinner. It's a quality restaurant that could easily be pretentious but doesn't carry itself to be that way at all. As recommended by bloggers and yelp reviews, foie gras poutine and duck in a can were a must. Sometimes you wonder if it's hype or buzz  but truly this is so worth it. Foie gras poutine - thick cut fries, foie gras, cheese curds and gravy. Best poutine EVER! The flavour of each of these ingredients stands out on it's own but compliment each other well. I've been trying to go dairy free; it's moments like this where I realize how much I love cheese and where I kick myself for giving it up. It's an appetizer, so a smaller portion; great for sharing. Makes sense though given the generosity of the entree portions. My two girlfriends' ordered starter salads and were dismayed at how big they were.DUCK-IN-A-CAN gets a paragraph for itself. Duck is my favourite and cooking it in a can was the best thing that could have happened to it. Picture a generous portion of duck breast with its fatty skin in a can. It keeps all of its flavour and fatty juices contained, also soaking up the flavours from cabbage, foie gras, thyme and sauces. They bring it out and open the can at your table, pouring it over toasted bread and mashed potatoes. It sounds simple, but it's anything but. I don't even think I participated in conversation for about 10-15 minutes. My friends were talking to me and I was in hazy bliss.I cannot express how much I enjoyed this meal and how devasted I was when something so yummy had to end. As I stated that night, I could have gone for a second round of duck in a can.Next time I go to Montreal, I will be making a reservation immediately after I book my plane ticket.
5	Sooo yums!  Only had room in my tummy to share the poutine au foie gras with 3 others....very yums!  MUST try!  Good luck making resos!
4	I had a return visit.  Things were still good as always, great beers on top including a house made stout that was more like a chocolate milkshake.  Fish of the day was a spectacular fresh catch with homemade gnocchi.  I never thought I could get full on eating fish but this one here you could.  The duck carpaccio though is exquisite including a raw egg on top with some horseradish and mixed in hot sauces..I will say though there poutine is kind of a disappointment.  I found it too salty.  As always the place is a monument to excess.  I can't go back cause the food's just too much, but it is someplace everyone should see.  However, I have had my fill... I am done!
5	Perhaps the most well known restaurant in mtl...My romance with au pied de cochon started in 2005. I went because i read in the gazette that their dish won the most original dish that year: duck in a can!!!Duck in a can !?! WTH? ok let's try it...Then I came ordered Duck in a can, couldn't finish the damn thing it was so huge... but it was good, no i mean, it was evil good, you know like pee in the pool good... you know you're being naughty but it feels nice :)  definitely an impressive dish served at the table, they open it and dump it out in front of you, then you eat it and you're like damn it good too? on top of the mini show...what a cool dishThe thing with au pied de cochon is, the food looks like a mess and it looks like it could induce an instant heart attack. And the first few times i came here, i fell to the fat coma... you know when you've eaten too much fatty stuff, it's too rich, you get this feeling where you're about to hurl, yep i've been there. that's because I just ate too much...but it was just too good to stop.Word to the wise, if you come here don't finish your food, doggy bag it.Then i discovered the foie gras menu!!! let me just say, "ploque de Champlain" is just the most original foie gras dish ever!!! pan cake, potato slices, bacon foie gras seared and maple syrup, yeah can't say i thought of that... but it makes a carzy evil dish, killer, really killer.Then there's the foie gras burger, like a burger with seared foie gras sun dried tomatoes and balsamic vinegar, yummy.And of course the Poutine au foie gras, not only is foie gras in the sauce, the whole thing is topped of with a piece of seared foie gras. i'm not a fan of poutine, but this I like.Happy pork chop, another winner, bison ribs!!! the best. This place is famous for the foie gras, but it's a deep menu with many excellent dishes if you care to explore.If you come here don't eat with your eyes, eat with your taste buds. the plating is very rustic, but the taste is always good. except a few times when the cook gets a little heavy handed with the salt.
4	Rich, delicious, expensive, cozy. Au Pied De Cochon is all of these things.This was our pick for the only fancy dinner  we'd have in Montreal, and I have no regrets there. The great thing about this restaurant is that it feels very casual and cozy. No snobbiness here.Things we ordered:* Duck in a Can: Seems to be a popular dish, and yes it really comes in a can. The result is a big bowl of richness. Make sure you order some bread or something else on the side to give your taste buds a break.* Lamb Shank: Way better than Duck in a Can in my opinion. Again, another rich dish but there's all sorts of other things (like some awesome tomatoes) to have fun with.For appetizers we had the foie gras (excellent) and some beef carpaccio (OK). I could have skipped out on the latter to make more space for the entrees. Which reminds me... The entrees are very big, so don't get crazy ordering a bunch of appetizers.Also note, the difference between appetizers and the starters... starters are one bite each.Great place for a memorable dinner, but be prepared to splurge.
3	Went here on a Thursday night on a summer night. Fantastic to be in Montreal (I grew up here) during this time of year when everyone's out enjoying the evenings and nightlife that Montreal has to offer. Was clued into this restaurant by my brother, who still lives here, so decided to give it a try with my SO. I'm a big poutine lover so when I heard about the Foie Gras poutine dish they served as a starter here, hell, if you're a foodie you should be able to appreciate and love Foie Gras. And it being poutine, hey, why not? When it came to the table, I was underwhelmed. It was just a plate of poutine with a piece of Foie Gras laid on top of it. There was no originality to it other than the fact that the head chef must have thought it would be cool just to lay a piece of duck liver on top of a dish of poutine just for kicks, charge an arm and a finger for it and reap the rewards of all Montrealers & Quebecois that enjoy the artery-choking, gut-busting nature of poutine, and add some delicacy on top of it for good measure. Taste was good but otherwise, the Foie Gras itself was not done in a typical French way that actually preserves and brings out the nature, flavor and richness of the Foie Gras itself.Next was Duck-in-a-Can and the PDC Melting Pot. My SO and I have stomachs the size of...a can, not a beer barrel. The servings of both of these were for very healthy (and hearty) appetites so you definitely get what you pay for here. The Duck-in-a-Can is served, literally, from a can that's opened up in front of you with a can opener, and served on top of a piece of toast and puree. You could see the oil from the duck fat just drip out of that can too (the serving piece is the duck breast with the skin on it). This is realllllly rich food and not to be messed with if you have gastrointestinal problems. Bring your Pepto-Bismal with you if you're faint of heart for these kinds of foods! The taste? Pretty darn good but a little convoluted and mixed up with all the other ingredients mixed into the can. It can be compared with "Mom's pile of mess baked in the oven".The PDC Melting Pot had a bunch of stuff in a little clay pot (similar to a little Le Creuset pot). It was filled with stewed pork, seaweed wrapped blood sausage, pork sausage, mashed potatoes and shallots (could have been something else). It was, again, a mish-mash of stuff put together as an experiment but it definitely didn't highlight any individual ingredient particularly well. Again, there seemed to have been no imagination put into this as it felt like someone just decided to shove a bunch of varieties of meat in there, throw some mash in for a base and broil it up for a sure fire, artery-choking experience. (You get the theme of this restaurant now.)Nothing about these dishes were "bland" at all. But nothing about these dishes also spoke to the uniqueness of why PDC is sooooo popular. I think the roasted pig's head and leg of pig should have been selected. My 3 star rating is for the promise of the other entrees that we should have selected and the hint of madness in the head chef's experimentations. I grew up in Montreal but I didn't remember ever having been knocked over the head with anything so rich and heavy as PDC.
5	OMG, the best restauarant ever...If you love foie gras, this place is it.... Our party was honestly getting sick of it by the end... foie gras poutin was meh, as the cheese was still hardfoie gras stuffed pigs foot was great...bison tongue: greatBest dish is the foie gras with bacon, maple syrup, egg, and something else... i dont even know the name of the dish, but this was the absolute best dishgreat bang for buck appetizer is the guinea hen fowl liver spread...(cheap man's foie gras)
5	You know you are already asking for trouble if you enter a small, fancy, restaurant with a stroller and a 7 month old.  Yet I gave PDC the heads up before hand, and  they didn't have a problem. By my tone you might think a problem eventually developed. . .the answer is no!. We all sat comfortable, we had great service, and the staff seemed to love our child as much as we did.   So our tip if you come with a young one, go for the 5pm sitting.  It is worth it.The food, as always, was so wrooong it was good. Tasty foi gras, great pig.  and fish and bacon. . .you can't go wrong.  Even the Food Network Star himself was there (though he spent all his time in the bar area. . .trying to fix the mixing/drink machine)My kind of restaurant. This was the second time I went to PDC (the first was a 3 guys b-party).  Well worth the trip, but if you ate here every weekend you would be dead by 40.
4	BOOM! Place probably deserves 5 stars, but since I was dealing with a upset stomach I didn't get to fully enjoy it.You have seen it on TV, read about in the NY Times and foodie (still hate that word) blogs. Now is your chance to try PDC, or at least mine.I decided that for the grand prix weekend this year I forgo one case of beer and go and have a nice dinner. PDC had been on my radar for about 2 years. I knew I was going for fresh butchered Piggie and Fois Gras Poutine, but was going to play it by ear.We arrived 10 minutes late for our 11pm reso, no problem and our party of 6 was sat promptly. Nice lay out open kitchen, it smelled if rich meats.The seafood platter looked amazing but due to the groups stomach issues we decided to go with the roast piglet, cod fish fritters and smoked sausage. It was amazing. For entrees the some had the Pork Chop served on the bone( it looked amazing), another had the steak, which looked perfect. And I had the melting pot a bowled filled with yummy pig products, there was lion chop, rib chops, sausage and Blood Sausage (pig blood sausage) over I think cheesy potatoes! There is reason that place has been called one of the best in Montreal they making good food for good prices! If you are traveling to Montreal or have lived there and not tried it, just go!Oh and dont forget the Fois Gras Poutine :)
5	Absolutely amazing!!! We were 3 guys. I went with 2 other guys and they are both real foodies. We all said that it might have been top 3 meal of all time. No one had anything slightly bad to say. We ordered like champions. We shared 4 appetizers, 2 mains, and 2 desserts. The Duck Carpaccio was IMPECCABLE! Duck in a can was an experience and it was well worth it. It is really a treat to dine at a restaurant like PDC.
5	Come here when you are hankering for a truly decadent meal.  Au Pied De Cochon is one of those places that lives up to all your expectations and then some.  Right off the bat you can tell that it is all about the food. The atmosphere is bustling, cozy and nice, but no frills.  It took a while to decide on which items we would get but eventually we decided on two special appetizers: -A salad with a poached egg on top and the best bacon I've ever had-A soft shell crab maki roll with foie gras (O.M.G. one of the best things I've ever eaten though it sounds crazy weird)And the rest of this to split:-PDC seafood platter $50 level? (SO worth it, highly recommended! So much work goes into their raw seafood platters, it's not just raw oysters and clams. In addition, it came with escargot in a black bean sauce, conch, mussels with a nice tomato broth, fancy mini melon balls in the raw oysters, sea jelly?!? in some fancy oysters, calamari with delicious aoli, a skewer of lightly fried white fish, some truly amazing scallops.)-Lamb Shank (perfectly cooked, wanted more and more- huge portion!)-Foie gras tart with blood sausage (SO SO GOOD. light puff pastry topped with caramelized onions, creamy melt in your mouth foie gras, with bites of sausage. big enough to share for two!)The bill with beers ended up being way cheaper than I thought I was going to spend going in.  The portions were generous and the quality of the food was tremendous.  I encourage trying anything on the foie gras menu because you probably won't find better preparations then here.  No wonder this is one of Anthony Bourdain's favorite spots. This will definitely be a part of any future trips to Montreal!
5	So delicious.  Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, was delicious here.  I had a glass of bordeaux, and with a group of 5 other friends, split a meal of foie gras poutine, a bison rib, duck in a can, pig's feet, and probably more I'm forgetting.  Even the fries were delicious -- crisp and savory.  The only down side is that everything was so filling (and fatty) not only did I not want to stay out and get my drink on on Saint-Laurent, when I got up in the morning I was still full, with that little reflux burp you get after a rich meal.  So I highly recommend it, but either eat light or don't make any plans for afterward.
5	I first heard about this place through a friend who had invited me to his birthday dinner at this place.  I hadn't heard too much about it prior to this but when I saw how packed the place was even at 11pm at night, I knew that there had to be something special about this place.   Decor wise, there was nothing particularly fancy: modern rustic - it felt like you wanted to be there to eat-- and eat we did.Starters: -the table (of 8) shared an entire foiegras that was pan fried and then doused in some cheese sauce and served with a baguette.  Pretty amazing.- french onion soup Au Pied De Cochon (APDC) style. Hands down the best french onion soup I've ever had.  the reason: BACON/Pork Chunks.- foie gras poutine.  Sounds weird but it works.  For those uneducated in Quebecois cuisine, Poutine is a dish comprised of french fries, cheese curds and gravy.  APDC just added foie gras to the mix and BAM, heaven in your mouth and a punch to your arteries.Main course:- I got the Duck in a Can which is their take on a Duck confit but of course, with Foie gras (do you see an underlying theme at this restaurant?) which they somehow cook and then stuff it in a can and then open it at your table on top of a dish of celery root puree.  Needless to say i did not make it to dessert but I was feeling more than satisfied with every bit of my meal.I've been back since and always tend to over eat.  Their Foie Gras stuffed pig's foot is something to try too.   I'd probably share some dishes next time i go but DEfinitely go if you enjoy food.  It is not for the picky eater.and if you are vegetarian, you shouldn't even be reading this review let alone have clicked on this link for the restaurant.
5	It's a little difficult to be original when there are well over 100 prior reviews of the same restaurant, but I will say that this place is on my short list of favorite restaurants of all time.  My one gripe about this restaurant, which I will get off my chest is that they give you an end time with your reservation.  Although I didn't expect to go beyond my 2-hour block, I found it a little off-putting.As for the food.  My wife and I ordered three things.  The tomato tartlet,  ploque de Champlain, and duck in a can.  Although the tartlet was nicely crisp, with juicy tomatoes, it wasn't worth the space in my stomach compared to the other two dishes.The ploque de champlain was one of the best things I have ever eaten.   It was sorta like a breakfast food but to the most extreme.  It contained stack of a pancake, potatoes, bacon, seared foie gras, and overflowing with maple syrup.  Truly memorable.  While gimmicky, the duck in a can, which comes with like a half a duck, a huge lobe of foie gras and other assorted bits in a rich brown sauce, and poured tableside over celery root puree is phenomenal.  Perhaps it wasn't the smartest thing to order after the ploque de champlain because it was excessively rich.And to top it off, we ordered the pudding chomeur, which had a seared caramelized top with an inside was served so scorching hot, it burned the roof of my mouth.  Not surprisingly, it was very sweet and very rich.Next time I make my way back to Montreal, I want to go for some of the raw bar, which looked extremely fresh.This place caters to serious eaters that are open to trying new things.  I wouldn't recommend taking someone who has any food phobias.  I would also recommend eating something very light earlier in the day since your gall bladder will be working on overdrive after you've finished your meal.Overall, the meal cost roughly $60/person, which I thought was pretty reasonable considering the amazing food experience.
3	It's all about the foie, this place, although one shouldn't overlook the other parts of the menu.  With all the reviews on yelp and otherwise, you pretty much get a sense that this place is popular, expensive, and appeals to foodies and bourgeois alike.  I won't say too much more about it except what I had and what I thought about it:Starter: battered and fried zucchini blossoms (served in a paper cone with homemade mayonnaise)--served hot, so greasy (ergo, the paper cone) the mayo doesn't stick to the batter!  But tasty.  Thumbs up up.Appetizer:  Seared scallops with some sauteed greens and a dijon aioli--a little firm, but not over-cooked. Thumbs wagging.Main: duck in a can (ie, duck breast with a piece of foie and chopped celery and carrot slow cooked in a tin can and dumped on a piece of toast tableside)--this is a "classic" dish, and if classic meaning old, it sure is that.  As in, overrated.  Somewhat offputting is that the dish is served warm, not hot.  I know because I watched my can sit on the server's rack waiting to be picked up for about twenty minutes (not heat lamp, mind you).  Which made the piece of duck fat (larger than either the breast itself and the piece of foie) initmidating.  Chewy too, which comes from not being rendered from being heated in a sealed can.  But it's a classic, so order it by all means.  I'm not a fan, thumbs down.Dessert: fruit pudding (er, rather, diced pear and berries in a gratin dish baked with a piece of pastry)--yikes, talk about over-sweet.  Thumbs down down.Beer: six on tap, glasses chilled.  Thumbs up.Wines: by the glass, about six options for red and the same for white.  Thumbs up.Espesso: hey, it's an espresso, if you screw that up, you're not even on my radar.  Thumbs up.Two more points: singletons get to sit at the bar overlooking the kitchen, which was great.  I wasn't bored for a second and the cooking crew genuinely seem to enjoy themselves.  Also, I was a bit annoyed that the host was not so subtle in recommending the heaviest and most expensive item from each part of the menu.  Now, as an economist would tell you, price is a valuable (ha) piece of information in conveying quality or demand relative to supply, but come on, a slight guy like me does not need to have seven courses (I didn't, obviously).  Unless you want me sick, which hopefully wasn't the idea.So, on average, a decent dining experience, but not transformative, not revelatory.  I'd go back for some things on the menu and because the ambience is great, but the best restaurant in Montreal is too high a claim from me.
5	Do you like foie gras?  piggy?  shellfish platters?  If you answered no to these questions, don't go to PDC.  If you said yes, then beg, borrow or steal yourself a reservation to this reasonably priced, extremely delicious, fun and casual restaurant.We got insanely lucky, and our hotel was able to get us a same-day reservation... and then once we were there the sous-chef was nice enough to squeeze us in again the following night.  PDC two nights in a row!It's hard to pick the pinnacle of the meals... was it when we were served a pig's head, with a lobster in the pig's mouth?  or perhaps it was one of the many astounding foie gras dishes... or maybe the two 'ducks in a can' that we got as takeaway food, to eat after we'd gone home from Montreal.PDC is advertised as being a great place for lovers of pork, foie gras and shellfish, and it does what it says on the box.
5	Ok this review is about 7 months late, but I still remember it like it was yesterday. The Boy had taken me to Mont Tremblant for a skiing trip for my belated Graduation present and Christmas present. On our trip, we stayed in Montreal our first night across the border. I had read many times over on websites that this place was the place to go for great Canadian-French cuisine so I thought this was the perfect place to try my first authentic French meal. Boy, they were not lying! I'll admit I did not know really anything about French food prior to this trip so I asked the waitress for her recommendations which she gladly gave in her thick French accent. We started off with the cromesquis with foie gras appetizer which is basically this tiny pastry thingy filled with hot, liquid foie gras that explodes in your mouth. It exploded so well that I think some of it came out of my boyfriends mouth, oh! We also ordered an appetizer of marinated smoked sausages that Boy just had to try. Next, for our main course we split the infamous "Duck in a Can" entree as well as the Beef tartar with a side of fries cooked in duck fat! The tartar was great but the duck was PHENOMENAL. Even though I am pretty sure I contributed heavily to my LDL count in this one meal, I must say that it is one of the most delicious and mind blowing food experiences I've ever had! It has opened me up to the world of French cuisine! I can't wait to eat here again when I come back for another skiing trip. It was my favorite meal the entire time I was in Canada. If you're ever in Montreal, do not miss the opportunity to have a food revelation like I did at this neighborhood gem!
5	We dined here on 6/22 during our recent vacation in Montreal. Overall we had a wonderful experience that I'll never forget. The food was superb with artful presentations served in a warm, inviting and modern atmosphere. The stars of this menu are the Foie Gras & Pork dishes but everything we tried was atleast excellent with some plates reaching perfection.The food:Starters - Fresh Warm Bread & Butter- A great start to our meal. The bread was thickly sliced with a crispy crust and soft interior. This ame with cold butter.Beef Tartare - I loved this dish. The presentation was perfect as it was served in 2 Sushi-style "Temaki" nori hand rolls with crispy onion shoe strings, warm rice, lucious beef tartare topped with a quail egg in it's shell with sesame seeds on top. You poured the quail egg and sesame seed mix on top. I couldn't get over the marriage of flavors. It was devine.Entrees:Duck In A Can - Medium rare Duck, Foie Gras, Thyme & Balsamic Jus served over Mashed Potatoes & Toast. The presentation was whimsical as our server used a can opener tableside and spun the contents of the cooked can over a plate of Mashed potatoes over toast. The flavors were nearly perfect. I loved everything about this plate with the only exception being that the duck skin was a little rubbery and gelatinous instead of crispy. Otherwise it was sublime.Pork Chop with Red Cabbage & Onions - My wife ordered this and it didn;t disappoint. This dish was simple in presentation but big on flavor. I loved the balnce of red cabbage and onions with the moist chop. It really elevated thedistinct and smoky flavor of the pork.Side:Frites cooked in Duck Fat - These were without a doubt the best fries I've ever had. Simply amazing. Served in a paper cone with a side of mayonnaise. The fries were crisp on the outside and hot and soft in the center. We skipped the mayonnaise and dipped them in the jus from our entrees. These paired with the Duck In A Can beautifully.Dessert:Dark Chocolate Pot de Creme - I love dark chocolate and I love dessert. This was a warm chocolate pudding topped with whipped creme and buttery cake crumbs served in a jar. It was rich and decadent.Vanilla Bean Ice Cream - We paired this with out Pot de Creme and it provided the perfect balance of flavor and temperature. It was the perfect end to our meal @ APDC.Overall we had a wonderful time @ APDC. It was without a doubt the most relaxing, fun and enjoyable fine dining experience I've ever had. This is not light fare but certainly delicous, thoughtful and stellar food presented in a casual environment. Count me in as a now devoted fan of chef Martin Picard. Merci Beaucoup Chef.
5	Nice atmosphere and great foie gras. We strolled over on a Saturday night and got a table right away (party of 2, do not try with a group: 6 people right behind us were told it was about a 2-month wait for group reservations...). We opted for the smallest seafood platter, followed by a "foie gras tout nu" ("bare naked foie gras", which actually comes on a bread and a balsamic vinegar reduction), and the must-have "canard en conserve" ("duck in a can"). Definitely too much food for the 2 of us, but it was hard not to want to order everything on the menu. Good to know: - for reservations, call the restaurant and leave a message with your reservation information; they will then call you back to confirm so plan ahead. We tried same-day and we didn't get a call back but walk-in worked. If you are a group, be sure to call a couple of months in advance.- the cans of "canard en conserve" at the entrance of the restaurant are for display only.
5	This is almost a perfect restaurant.I have family in Montreal and will see more of them because of this place-- I fell guilty telling them I eat here, 'cause they're strictly kosher- oops.I was there two weeks ago and walking out I passed a pigs head on a platter with a whole lobster coming out of it's mouth!  outlandish!I would like to try everything.. but I've thoroughly enjoyed the foie gras and maple syrup (might have been a special).  And duck in a can--they walk up, open a can, and dump duck breast and foie gras onto a plate of toast... lovely.Desserts- beautiful.. we had some kind of maple syrup/ice cream super hot dish-- unforgettable except I forget what it's called.Very inventive-- very friendly, welcoming, english indulgent staff
1	We hear the food is fabo. We'll never know. We made a reservation one week ahead for a party of 6. We watched a party of 7 be seated in front of us (assume they had a res, too). We were repeatedly lied to by the hostess. She even told us our table was about to free up because the folks eating there "just paid their check." Turns out no one was paying. She was lying to everyone there. We've eaten all over the world and never seen anything like this. Quite weird. We took our $ elsewhere.
4	A 4.5 star restaurant for sure!  Good thing i made a reservation.  I was able to secure a seat by the bar at 9:30pm last Saturday night.  Yes, that is normal dining time for the locals.  I love being seated by the bar/kitchen because i get to watch all the actions and feel the energy.  They have quite a few beers on tab and good wine selections.  We had this crab in puff pastry as an appetizer which is not on the menu, it's so amazing: fresh crab with a little bit marinated and fresh greens sitting between perfectly crisped pastry shells, yumm!  we also had beef tartare.  I'm not a beef person, and i hesitated when the young lady next to me recommended it.  it turned out to be amazing as well.  It was exemplary in taste, presentation and execution.  we had special risotto and duck in a can for entrees.  Duck in a can is pretty good, a little salty for me, but it's pretty good.  I loved the risotto they made in front of me:  they mixed pre-made risotto and a pan of pre-made sliced mushrooms and some foie gras in a huge cheese bowl.  It is very yummy, but really filling.  we also ordered poached pear with ice cream, that was a little too sweet for me.
5	Went there while vacationing in Montreal, heard so much about the place, so reserved it before leaving 3 weeks in advance. They did call back. When we arrived the restaurant was full, it's a little noisy atmosphere, but it only adds to the charm in my opinion. We ordered a pickled bison tongue for the appetizer, amazing. Main course: duck in a can, terrific, still don't understand how they make this dish and keep it warm serving at the table. The special that day they had a whole rabbit, that i shared with my daughter, very good. For desert we enjoyed chocolate pot and a pear with ice cream. Like I said, it seemed that everybody around in the restaurant enjoyed their meal and the atmosphere.  They didn't rush anybody, like somebody wrote on this site, so go and enjoy. Will definitely go again.
5	Outstanding but not fussy food in a cool, casual place that serves the best foie gras and pork -- what more do you need?   I absolutely love this place!  I came here with some of my closest friends and we had an absolute blast.  One of my friends is "usually" a vegetarian but made an exception for the incredible duck in a can -- you cannot miss this!  They had just ran out of the last Pig's Head, so we also got the Happy Pork Chop (with a name like that, how could you not?) -- and needless to say, I was quite happy with my choice.  The flavors of the mushrooms and onions paired quite well with the thick pork chop.  I didn't get to try the foie gras poutine, but I'll definitely be back!  I will make a flight out to Montreal to have another phenomenal meal here!
5	A Montreal landmark (or soon to be one) PDC is one of the best comfort food restaurants where I have dined.  We made reservations well in advance of our trip to Montreal but we saw folks who came in with a party of 4 and were seated an hour or so later.  It depends on the day of the week I suppose. As for the food, it is not for those who shy away from pork.  These guys are big on swine.  During the summers they have great seafood dishes as well (all fresh from the boat) but when you go to a place called the Pigs Feet, what else are you going to try? Their french fries in duck fat are addictive and the flavors of the tart with cheese, onions and mushrooms still linger on my taste buds.
5	Deer tartare!  "Oh my God" good!!  I had it the first time as an appetizer.  I changed my entree' order to the large portion immediately following my first bite.  The atmosphere here is decidedly casual.  Wood tabletops sans tablecloths.  The food is french country fare.  Yum is the only word fully applicable.Do NOT miss the pudding chomere.  White cake baked into a bread pudding with maple syrup.  Yes it sounds simple but your taste buds will certainly sing a symphony.  Watch out ... it comes out steaming hot.  Do let it cool a little.  Eat it slowly and savor each precious bite.  It IS that good.
5	If you are a vegetarian do not come here. If you are a meatatarian, you will be in heaven!!Not only does this place have an awesome pig mascot, this place is just a haven for unique meat dishes. Pork and duck and more pork and duck and a lot of foie gras, you can't really go wrong!5 of us ate here with a bottle of wine and a couple rounds of beers for about $70 per persona and in spirit of the restaurant we definitely left here after pigging out on WAY WAY more food than any normal human should have eaten. We started with the foie gras with berries AMAZING AMAZING, bison tongue which was definitely a new experience, and this absolutely perfectly and wonderfully made Duck Carpaccio. I really wish we had ordered more of this appetizer because it is simply divine! Heaven on a plate for sure. Then it was onto our 5 main dishes we all split: DUCK IN A CAN was definitely the winner. It was also the priciest  canned food I have ever eaten which would bring canned food drives to a whole new level! They cook the duck and foie gras and sauce and onions before hand, seal it in a can and when you order it for $35 they heat up the whole can on the stove, bring it to your table with a can opener and open it and plop it on a plate! My tastebuds hadn't been happier. That sauce you literally wanted to mop up with anything else leftover on the table. The pied du cochon or the pigs feet stuffed with foie gras was awesome too and I thought that one would have grossed me out for sure! Again that sauce was bangin! And the beef tartare was definitely refreshing and lighter in feeling than any of the other dishes we had especially when wrapped up as a lettuce wrap! Their happy stew is not for you if you don't like blood sausage because there is a huge healthy portion of that in here but it is pretty darn flavorful. And the loser of the entrees but still pretty good was the lamp and lentils dish. Just didn't quite excite our tastebuds like the other dishes.And if that wasn't enough, we officially all had muffin tops over our pants when we ordered the creme brulee that was fire toasted with a brand of the restaurant on top! Amazing!!Man we were all still full the next day, and we definitely had to waddle around like big fat pigs after this meal, but this was one of the best meals I've had in  quite some time. The service was really good too! He tried warning us we were ordering too much, but we showed him!! Even though yes, we really should have never eaten that much, we always like a food challenge!!
5	When I mentioned to all the locals that I was going to Au Pied De Cochon they gave me this really jealous look and demanded to know how I scored a reservation...The trick?  Have a friend call 8 weeks in advance.  It's so worth it.Great food and fun atmosphere!  I went here with 4 friends and we had a feast!  The duck carpaccio really stole the spotlight, so make sure you order it.  The duck in a can is phenomenal, so is the pied de cochon, don't even think about skipping these two stars.   Leave the lamb alone, it's not their specialty.  Here it's all about the pig.Two rounds of beer, a bottle of wine, 3 appetizers, 5 entrees, and creme brule cost us about 70 bucks each.  Can you get a better deal?
5	Like the other hundred 5 star reviews here, this is a must try when in Montreal.  Foie gras and duck in a can seem to be the most popular dishes. Both are excellent and it's unlikely you will taste anything like it again.The only thing I would like to add is that if you want to make it an interesting experience you may want to sit at the bar right in front of the kitchen. It is clearly much louder, but you are able to see how each dish is prepared.Reservations are a must, however, if you do forget to make reservations just go there as soon as they open at 5pm and ask if you can eat at the bar. It does work.
5	Anthony Bourdain referred to Au Pied De Cochon as a temple to all things fatty, porky, and duck related.  I would also like to add oh-so-yummy.  This was our first meal in Montreal and there couldn't have been a better place start to a lovely trip. I booked reservations a few weeks in advance which seemed to be a smart move as the restaurant was packed non-stop throughout the evening. The restaurant itself is cozy and the simple decor reminded me a lot of Avec in Chicago.  I also love that APDC maintains a fairly casual atmosphere.  There is nothing better than eating delicious food at a restaurant that doesn't take itself too seriously, even if the food is seriously great.  A major factor which attributes to APDC earning a 5 star rating is their service. Everybody, from the hostess to our waiter to the various running staff here, were so delightfully pleasant and so attentive.  I immediately felt an affinity towards the awesomeness of my fellow Canadians.On to the eats:Beef TartareI really liked the presentation on APDC's beef tartare. For a second I thought I was in a sushi restaurant but a beef tartare hand roll makes for a scrumptious appetizer.  Tomato TartletI'm guessing that this is the name of the dish as this was the only tomato anything I saw on the menu.  We ordered this dish since it seemed like every table around us had ordered it.  I love me some tomatoes and this dish was refreshingly tasty.  The pesto in the olive oil combined with what I'm guessing to be crumbled mascarpone was a perfect complement in this dish.ClamsThis has got to be the best clam dish I've had.  Perfectly steamed in the most delicious creamy sauce that had a slight taste of parmesan. I'm salivating just thinking about it. Duck in a can The presentation is quite fun to watch.  While all the components of this dish are prepared well, the first few bites were great and then it became savory overload for me.  But that's just my taste, my boyfriend quite enjoyed the dish overall. Foie Gras PoutineMy favorite of the evening.  I love poutine!  I only wish I could find some in socal.  APDC had the best gravy for their poutine that I've ever had. And the foie gras was like morsels of special yumminess in each bite. Poached Pear with Vanilla Ice CreamWhen this dessert was delivered to our table, we thought, wow - that really IS a poached pear.  But it was the most refreshing dessert that I've ever had.  The vanilla ice cream was a perfect complement to the pear which was fresh and juicy.  Overall, I would definitely come to APDC again the next time I go to Montreal.  Hopefully with a larger party so that we could sample more of the menu. I'm sure there is much more fatty, porky, duck related goodness that I've still yet to discover.
4	YUMMMMIEEEEEEE!!!! Make reservations early! This placed is packed everyday they are open. We managed to get reservations for 5:30 in the evening - it's a bit early for dinner but we were happy to get a table. Foie Gras Poutine - OMG! This was so good. The gravy was delicious the cheese curds, beyond expectation, the foie gras was seared to perfection. Crab Pie - Flaky and buttery pie crust filled with layers of scalloped potatoes, cream sauce, tons of stone crab meat, and topped with green salad. The combination was to DIE for. I wanted to finish everything but could not manage. The portion size astronomical. Steak Frites - If you like Bison, you will enjoy this dish. Cooked rare with mushrooms and onions in a wine reduction. The main dish also comes with a tall cone of frites. Butter Cake Pudding - This dessert was a bit too sweet and buttery for our taste. We may have enjoyed it more if we actually had room for dessert. Over all I would highly recommend this place to anyone in the mood for fantastic, no fuss french contemporary cuisine.
5	I'll admit that I also found out about this place through Anthony Bourdain's book and travel show (see link below), then reading up about it on eGullet, finally went a few years ago and have been back many times since.The sugar shack decor is a bit odd at first if you're expecting your typical fine dining restaurant, but with the food (and portions) they serve, it makes sense and really works - not just a gimmick.The chef, Martin Picard - who with his various new enterprises, TV show, etc. doesn't work the line as much as he used to, focuses on two things on the menu - pork and foie gras - there's a lot of pork and a lot of foie gras.  This is not vegan country.All the foie gras dishes work, if you plan on only going once, go for their now oft copied dish, foie gras poutine - a high end take on a traditional  quebecois (junk food) dish.  Pass on the foie gras burger.Be warned, as you'll see in the video, the portions are huge.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SD2HxJoCD54
5	Not nearly as expensive as I had thought and the food was great. The specials were great, the beer was good, the drinks were good and the main menu was awesome.Only one thing disappointed: the foie gras poutine didn't come out warm. Everything else was perfect.
5	Oh My Goodness!!!!  I have tasted heaven.  My wife and I spent a few days in Montreal recently.  Whenever we go anywhere, we dine at all the best recommendations made to us by the concierge.  Every restaurant we ate at was fantastic.  Europea, l'Epicier, Milo's, etc... but Au Pied de Cochon is in a league of it's own.  This is some of the best food I've ever had... anywwhere... Miami, NY, Paris, Tokyo... anywhere. Their specialty is Foie Gras.  I like foie gras, but with other options on the menu, I usually go for something else.  However, this is not your ordinary Foie Gras.  We had the Foie Gras Poutine, which included potatos, gravy and cheese.  Wonderful... but nothing comparted to the one the server recommended to us, which was a spectacular blend of Foie Gras with canadian bacon, sour cream and cheese on a pancake, topped with maple syrup.  Holy Jesus!!!!!  When you put that in your mouth, prepare to be blown away.  What a combination of flavors.  I didn't think anything could beat that, and maybe it didn't, but the rest of the food was also amazing.  And finally, the dessert.  Wow.  I'm not a big pastry dessert guy.  These people know how to make a pastry.  We had an upside down creme brulee tart with berries.  That was simply one of the best, if not, the best dessert I've ever had.  To top it off, the bill was very reasonable.  It was actually the least expensive restaurant we tried during our entire stay in Montreal.  5 stars.  I'd give it 6 if I could.
4	continuing our food crawl here in montreal, we came here for dinner. :) our seating was the 530 -730 crowd. it is located in a very cute neighborhood off of rue st. denis. about a 10-15 min cab ride from the w hotel. food was fantastic. hub had the steak & frites and i had the foie gras burger. i just couldn't resist. i know everyone orders the can item but i was feeling the burger. one of the more $ burgers ive had at $39. :) worth it though. HUGE portion so i had to take some home - lunch tomorrow. :) the burger is made of foie gras and regular beef mixed in w/ this special pink vinaigrette sauce. all the flavors just blended perfectly. love the casual vibe of the restaurant. our entire row of tables (5) were all american. funny. we have come to realize that good food in montreal is more affordable. our meal was $100 or so and i think it would have been at least $150 in sf. hubs only ordered a beer too so no alcohol included. how did i forget the french onion soup??? a must order if you like to have some soup with your cheese. devoured in cheese and one of the best we have ever had anywhere in the world. divine! for dessert, we had the baked apple and it hit home since we didn't want anything too decadent eg., chocolate. service was good and friendly. DEFINITELY coming back the next time we are in town to try other items on the menu. leave yourself some time to explore the shops as well.
5	After visiting Au Pied De Cochon, I love anything foie gras.  DInner here was the highlight of our trip at Montreal.  We made reservations months in advance based on A Bourdain's stellar review.I must say, the food is very rich and unlike anything I have ever had.  You know when you have had something so great it left you speechless, well this was it!  We had a large group so we ordered everything off the menu and shared.  Everything was fantastic, so I will review the highlights of my meal!Duck in a can-ingenious, how they stuff a duck in a can, close the lid off and cook it in the can.  The waiter then opens up the can in front of you and displays it on the plate.  Juicy, packing tons of flavor!Pig's feet with foie gras.  Meat was unbelievably tender, mixed with foie gras, over a bed of potatoes.  This plate is enormous, so it can definitely be shared.  A must try!  I still think about it to this day!Possibly one of the best meals I have ever had, no doubt at all!   Bourdain definitely hit the spot on this place!  I would visit Montreal just to eat at APDC!
4	My actual rating is 3.5 stars, I rounded up to give them the benefit of the doubt. It can be problematic to visit a place like Au Pied de Cochon that is so heavily hyped and known by foodies. How can any meal live up to the expectations? Our meal was solid with some delights and slight disappointments.We booked four weeks out. Arriving on foot, we walked right by the place, as there is no sign (I like that).  We arrived at our appointed hour, but had to wait another half hour. For part of the wait, we were given a seat at the counter with a direct view of the controlled chaos of the open kitchen. The brigade was dressed in dark blue Dickies workshirts with name patches like one find at a garage. They were working feverishly. I noted the fry station seemed to be holding items longer than is best for freshness, something we would experience firsthand. While quaffing a local beer (St. Ambroise Pale Ale) we watched the different dishes coming out of the kitchen and started to formulate a plan.Once at the table, we decided to order more items but split them. We ordered the famed poutine with foie gras, a tomato tart, fried zucchini blossoms (with the small zucchini attached), the PDC's melting pot. Half of the dishes were okay and half were excellent. The poutine was luke-warm, had just a few fries and the foie gras was not of the highest grade, having a fairly coarse texture. The blossoms were thickly battered, not the tempura batter that we had expected. They were also pretty greasy. The tomato tart was fresh and perfectly crafted: a good counterpoint to heavy food. The PDC's melting pot was the star with four kinds of pork plus roasted mushrooms and onions on a bed of mashed potatoes, which ended up being aligot: Auvergne style (cheese enriched) mashed potatoes all in a cocotte. Our favorite cut was the pork belly, but all were exemplary and we enjoyed the variety. Several tables had the pig's head for two, which I am sure was tasty, but my wife was not really up for the visuals for us to order it.A table of four sat near us, which provided considerable humor. Two couples of asian gangstas talked up a storm of stupidity. The guys tried to impress the women who were preoccupied with playing video games on their phones. They ordered a bottle of wine which they promptly sent back stating it was "sour" (not big fans of acidity, I guess, which might have helped them enjoy their heavy meal). Behind them, a Japanese couple spent the entire time fiddling with their iPhones while eating: never talking with each other.We ordered poached pear with vanilla ice cream and a cappuccino. The poached dessert was perfection, but the cappuccino was nasty. Super darkly roasted espresso, no steamed milk and a cap of fluffy dry foam.In summary, it was a good meal with ups and downs. It was not the finest pork dish nor the best foie gras I have ever tasted, but it may have been an off night. To their great credit, the prices are shockingly reasonable. Given the crushing popularity, they could charge twice as much and still pack them in.
5	Had to get duck in a can, it's unique and original and I don't know of a place in my own country where I can get it.  Bottom line, this place is a carnivore's paradise and I would highly recommend it to anyone visiting Montreal.
5	I will be back to Montreal to just visit this restaurant. I've read the reviews and was very curious to try it and I have to admit it is really worth all its hype. AND! This comes from someone who hated foie gras before going there! As many have noted below, you have to make reservations in advance, I would suggest to call them as soon as you know that you will be going to Montreal. We called a week in advance and the earliest spot they had was 10.30 p.m. on a Sunday night. We got there at 9.30 and they said that we could eat at the bar if we don't want to wait for our 10.30 reservation, we agreed and it was so much fun! You can actually see the cooking process because of the open kitchen, it was a really great experience. That said -- it's by no means a romantic spot. Atmosphere is very cool - it's crowded, noisy and  fun! Service is great and friendly.  Food is OUTSTANDING to say the least. Very unusual combination of flavors! The food is very rich, but honestly, I didn't feel stuffed/sick after I had appetizers, main course and dessert. It was a nice, delicious and very memorable dinner.We had pickled tongue and  duck carpaccio as appetizers which were beyond amazing. Duck carpaccio comes with raw egg on top which you mix with dijon mustard right on the plate - very different and soooo good! My boyfriend had duck in a can, which was terrific - he saved the can as a souvenir! I had Plogue a Champlain - pancake with potatoes, bacon, cheddar and foie gras topped with maple syrop - it was absolutely amazing. Even though  it was a little too sweet for my taste, I was very happy with the flavors. Desserts were very good too! I also thought it was really affordable, the bill was under $150 for dinner for two with wine, apps and two desserts - pretty good!Forget about this place if you:-count calories -are vegetarian-don't eat certain foods-are looking for a quiet romantic dinnerFor any foodie, this place is a MUST to say the least. I just came back from Montreal and am already thinking when I should go again to try something new on their menu :)
4	The food is everything they say. Decadent, fatty, and delicious. The service was also great: low key, but welcoming, friendly, and solicitous. My only complaint is that I left smelling like a line cook--that's one of the hazards of an open kitchen.We'll be back.
5	One of the best restaurants I've been to in the world. Foie gras poutine was awsome. The entrees here were individual and all delicious.
5	Only one word can really describe this restaurant. AMAZING. Everything is top notch,The service is attentive and friendly, There's an open kitchen which is like watching live theatre. The Food mostly meat and pork with many Fois Gras specials depending on the season. It is a little hectic and loud but fun.
4	Just when I thought poutine couldn't get any better, I tried the foie gras poutine at Au Pied de Cochon. Everything crave-worthy about poutine, plus a luscious velvety smooth but surprisingly light foie gras gravy that drips over the melting cheese and fries. Definitely the highlight of the meal for me. Mmm...Between the meat (both standard and offal) and the wine, the rest of the meal was a bit of a blur. The pied de cochon (pig foot) was delicious, but I wasn't crazy about the veal liver. This was probably one of the heaviest meals I've ever had, but it was amazing. I would come back again and again just for the poutine alone.
5	For months after having dinner at Au Pied de Cochon I tried to find any reason I could to get back to Montreal to go there again and I will do it.This place is unbelievably good. There are multiple preperations of fois gras, outrageous appetizers and main courses that you just wish you have more of. The "Duck in a Can" and all the pork dishes especially the pigs feet (pied) are a must.If you don't live in Montreal try to go with as many people as you can so you can order the whole menu and split it all. We left at 10:00 pm and there was still a line to get a table. Reservations are a must escpecially for us out of towners.  This is a casual wood table and chairs place with a madman at the helm!!!I will find a way to get back to Au Pied de Cochon before I die...
5	This is a definite place to visit while in Montreal. Plan to linger at your table after a meal here. The food is so amazingly rich with outstanding flavor. I have never quite had anything like this cusine before. We enjoyed Tomatoe Tartlet and beef tartare for our appetizer. I enjoyed the Nova Scotia swordfish with artichoke hearts. Ramzi enjoyed the foie gras poutine. Poutine is a dish consisting of french fries, cheese curds, brown gravy, and topped with other ingredients. In Ramzi's case, he chose to top the poutine with Foir Gras. The restaurant has a bustling feel but still quaint enough to feel relaxed. Service took a bit long, but the service staff still very friendly.
5	Holy Toledo!  What a feast.  We took the only reservations we could get:  10:00 at the bar.  We took our seats and tucked in.  My colleague is not much for the swine devine, but she found the seafood offering excellent.For me, the guinea hen liver provided an excellent start.  With the apple jelly to go with it, I felt like I did not need to eat anything for a long time:  I did not want the taste to go away.The melting pot provided a "kitchen sink" approach to the pig:  sausage, blood sausage, a hunk of pork (like a chop kind of meat), and a lardy thing with cheesy mashed potatoes and mushrooms.  Wow.  I did my best, but wound up having to leave the blood sausage only half eaten.  The server said it was okay, no one was judging me on how much I ate.  This hearty meal, while seeming excessive, sat well with me.  The quality of the ingredients and the preparation really came through.I will return to Montreal, and come here to celebrate.
4	My first encounter with poutine was at this restaurant - we ordered the poutine with foie gras and it was delicious! All poutines paled in comparison after this. We had the pied de cochon (pig's foot) - the meat was melt in your mouth amazing and perfect for a cold, windy night however the dish was more than enough for two people to share. In addition, we also had the duck breast but to be honest, it was nothing to write home about. We did take our 3 1/2 year old daughter with us. The restaurant is noisy so she went unnoticed. I didn't really think it'd be a problem since our kid is pretty well-behaved and is a little cochon when it comes to eating!
5	Jeez what can I say about this place that hasn't already been said. Lets just say if I could drive up to Montreal once a week just to eat there I would do it!!A highlight of my life as a foodie. This is indulgence, extravagance a lifetime event. My last trip was in January and I ordered the foie gras duo and my partner in crime had the Beef Rib. The Burger has changed and now it has meat in it. But the Poutine was amazing as ever. The food is heavy as expected and I needed a two hour walk just to be able to think about sleeping!Keep it up Martin for us Foie Gras Luvers! ( I wish you could add more beer selection as I am sure some Belgian Stuff will match well with the food here) or even local stuff  from Unibrue like La Fin Du Mode, Maudite etc!!There is nothing like this place!Tip: If you like to buy foie gras for use at home this place sells them at a very reasonable price.
5	My family took me here for a belated birthday years ago, and I still can remember that meal. I just remember that we had a lot of foie gras dishes and duck. I believe the best was the Foie Gras Poutine. I can drink a gallon of that gravy. Usually duck and foie gras are not exactly my cup of tea, but it was amazing here. I was just watching Anthony Bourdain and he just mentioned foie gras, so it triggered my memories in Montreal. Definitely would come back and eat here again... and again... and again.
5	Ever been to an expensive restaurant and not feel ripped off? Well I havent until I ate the foie gras poutine at au pied de cochon. Imagine a flavor packed gravy train colliding in your mouth and you have a small grasp of what its like to bite into the foie gras. I cant complain about anything, even the bathroom was cool. If you go to Montreal and dont make it to this restaurant, shame on you!
5	i came here june 2010 and it was an amazing experience..and i cant wait to come back again this june i had the HAPPY porkchop and believe you/me i was very happy ;) and french onion soup AMAZINNNNGGGGGGG!!!! they have seafood too so i want to try that tooo... come on june!!! lololol
5	This was definitely a high light of my trip to Montreal.  You must try the duck carpaccio, I'm pretty sure it was the best thing I have ever eaten in my entire life!  I seriously have dreams about it.The foie gras is also delicious and the duck in a can is good and also a really fun dish to order.
5	From start to finish- Au Pied du Cochon delivers a positively unbeatable meal. Be prepared to have your mouth hugged.Yes, this is not a restaurant you should visit on a strict diet. It's the kind of place you should go to if you've only had a banana all day because it's impossible to leave there with any room in your stomach.Martin uses local, fresh ingredients and produce and doesn't spare anything. The flavours are rich, well-thought and there is such care to his meals. My favourite meal is the Duck in a Can by far. Start with a Foie Gras lollipop and you'll never try anything else.It's refreshing to find a place in Montreal that concentrates on simple flavours instead of trying to cloud a dish with creamy sauces and spices.Be prepared to spend about $40 on your main course and don't even think about wine unless you've hit the video lotto jackpot the night before.Happy Eating!
5	I must give great thanks to my friend Mike, who made this experience possible. Going to Montreal has been one my best experiences in life thus far. APC was just amaaazing. My first time having foie gras and it was delicious. I wish that I had been more adventurous and gotten the duck in a can, however my wallet was doing the thinking so I ordered the steak frites, which as good. My friend ordered the Melting Pot which had close to everything but the oink of the pig and he was in Hog Heaven. My other friend had the duck breast in red wine I believe, and he thoroughly enjoyed his plate. I thoroughly enjoyed nibbling from both plates, though I stayed away from the blood sausage in the melting pot. What really got me though was the desert, gosh that was heaven. We ordered the Pouding Chomeur (Poor Man's Pudding) was heaven, like eating a cloud, I'm in love. Topping off an already ridiculously good dinner.
5	Last day on earth...what would I have? Any and everything from this amazing place. We had a wide selection of delectable delights here and every single one of them were amazing. The foie gras pizza is something to write home about and the actual pigs foot is something to think about. If I'm ever lucky enough to venture back to this beautiful city, this place better watch out because I'm coming hungry and I'm coming ready!
2	I'm torn about my experience at au pied du cochon!  I really wanted to like it - whats not to like about poutine and foie gras and duck in a can and pigs feet.  But yikes, there is a limit to how much fat and salt one can stuff in their mouth.So our waiter was awesome - no complaints there, he screwed up some orders and gave us more expensive wine but didn't end up charging for any of his mistakes.  However there was a 2 hour wait in between our shared appetizers and our main courses.For starters (my favourite part of the meal - we should've just got up and left after a bottle of wine and the shared dishes, then it would've been +2 stars) we shared the famous foie gras poutine which was mouth watering delicious and heavenly.  We also shared a delicious beet/goat cheese salad and the beef tongue.We were still hungry as we waited for appetizers and almost finished the 2nd bottle of wine until the food came.  There was 8 girls whom each ordered one main each - I had the pig's feet covered in cream and salt, a friend had the duck in a can, another had the melting pot, another had the salmon, and some had the special of the day.  All of us probably touched or could finish 1/4 of the meal at the most until we reached out tolerance of fat, salt and carbs.  You know when you don't even want to put foie gras in your mouth, that something is seriously wrong.I LOVE fat and salt and carbs, but there is such thing as a limit when there's more fat and salt than you can taste any other ingredient, at which point I really felt like throwing up.  The sentiment was the same across the table.  But I guess when I looked around, other people really did finish their meal.Unless I have a death wish of an instant heart attack, I think au pied de cochon takes it too much to the extreme of excess and it was just too much for me.  It didn't help with the long wait and the screw ups in orders and bill too.  I'd recommend going JUST for the foie gras poutine to share then leave.
4	Believe the hype -- this restaurant delivers.  Had dinner here on a Sunday night at 8 and it was jammed.  The tomato tart and roast piglet apps are excellent. Duck cooked in a can is one of APC's signature dishes - magret duck, foie gras, bacon and cabbage. Opened tableside and poured on a crouton.  It is, without a doubt, the richest dish I have ever eaten.  I made it through about half before I surrendered. My wife loved the butter poached salmon.
5	Ate at the PDC back in September and it was absolutely incredible. Had to make reservations a couple months ahead of time but definitely worth it. And I recommend that you make reservations as soon as you figure out when you're going to Montreal. Our reservations were at 7:30 and I over heard the waitress tell some walk-ins that they MIGHT be able to get them in for 10pm...at the bar. Portions are enormous. My boyfriend and I ordered two appetizers: Crispy PDC salad and Piglet Roast, one entree: PDC melting pot - this had mashed potatoes, blood sausage, homemade pork sausage, and porkloin, and a dessert: Creme brulee, and we were stuffed til the next day. You definitely do not need to get your own dish. Plus, sharing is caring! As for the service; surprisingly super friendly and efficient especially for such a busy restaurant. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone. Quite unfortunate some people had a bad time here. This place has been consistently busy since they have opened, obviously they are doing something right.
3	I have to say... my meal here wasn't all that great. I had bison ribs and they just weren't really interesting or flavourful. The poutine was SO salty and the cheese wasn't melted. How hard is it to make poutine?
5	Just go. The flavors are delicious and the kitchen staff really, really care. You can taste it in everything they make. Just delicious and a treat in every aspect.Save room for dessert - they do an amazing job!
5	By now you know what you're in for when you reserve (weeks in advance!) a table here. Bacon, sausage, duck fat, fois gras, pigs feet, more duck fat, etc. But everything is done spectacularly well-- the wild chef indeed. The fat doesn't escape the food in a way that would leave your plate, fingers, napkin soaked through. It's fattening sure, but it's not greasy. Thoughtful and flavourful, this food is that perfectly tender, melt-in-your mouth fare that it's all hyped up to be. Considering how upscale the ingredients are and presentation is, you'd expect to pay more but the price is actually quite more than reasonable. Started with the cromesquis (bited sized squares of hot and runny duck fat encapsulated in deep fried batter-- get one, get two!!), indulged in duck in a can (topped with the biggest chunk of fois I've ever seen) and split a bottle of red, all for under $65. There's no needs for sides. I'm completely boggled that some people order french fries on the side of their pieds de cochons. The portions are massive and there's no looks when you order a doggy bag. Service for me was fast and the staff was hospitable without being annoying. This place is regularly touted as the best restaurant in Montreal, and I'm right there with those that proclaim it as such. This place is single-handedly rewriting the history of quebec gastronomie. A MUST.
4	My bf and myself are big fan of Anthony Bourdain's No Reservations follower. After watching the Montreal episode of No Reservations, we decide to drive up to Au pied de cochon from NYC. It was very very hard to get table reservation, so we decide to walk in see if we can get lucky. And...YES! we are very lucky to show up 5pm hungry for some good food and there boom 2 bar seat available, of course no question we took the spot and start drinking while we check out the menu...Yes, the duck in the can is fun, the menu descriptions and dish names are playful. This is serious food and seriously amazing, and fun. Things not to miss include the foie gras tart, the boidin noir, and baked apple. The PDC mashed potatoes are half potato, half cheese, and that is a beautiful thing. The draft cider is also quite refreshing, and the wine list is relaxed and affordable.  Bon Appetit!!
3	PDC was the restaurant that I was most looking foward to going to on my visit to Montreal and the one I was slightly let down on. My big concern was what the hell i was going to eat...everything on the menu looked so damn good and I know the portions are very rich and heavy- so..(cue Shatner) WHAT...DOES...ONE...DOOOO?!I decided on two apps and an entree...app one was braised tripe with bacon, egg, and smoked paprika. The tripe melted in my mouth...so good...this would make a great hangover breakfast. Next I had the duck carpaccio with spicy aioli..a new one for me...never saw duck carpaccio anywhere before. Again, very good dish ...two for two so far..alright, feelin' good. Then my entree- pastry tart with blood sausage and foie...how can that not be awesome? Well..it wasnt. There was an over-abundance of carmelized onions and vinegar in this dish that ruined it for me..totally overwhelmed the other flavors..even the foie. It was damn big though..and at this point, i was done..full..didnt even get dessert.The service was of the 'take your order, heres the food, heres the check, get out" variety..hence the 3 stars overall.
4	Rustic, expensive Montreal eatery reputed to be among the best the city has to offer. The name means "pig's foot" and that is actually what we ordered. That and the poutine with foie gras (as an appetizer) and the duck in a can, which really is a duck in a can, boiled for 27 minutes and then dumped onto your place. It also has foie gras. Foie gras is everywhere in Montreal! This is rich, heavy, French food with a Quebecois accent, will leave you feeling extremely full, practically to the point of hallucination, and will make you shit out the entire population of Canada in the morning. So don't order too much.Unmarked door. Double-check the address before heading out. Reservations essential.
5	Yeah, this is an experience in food, one you shouldn't pass up unless you're a vegetarian, can't eat pork or duck, or simply not into foie gras. This place though, has so many creative takes on good high end foie gras that results into one thing, good. Plain and simple. I like poutines, they're alright. But I thought I'd enjoy them best when I'm plastered at 3 in the morning. This place though, thank you so much Martin, took it to a different level, Foie Gras Poutine. Travesty? Nope, it was the best dish among the Beef Tartare, Duck in a Can, and Duck Magret in Mushroom Sauce we ordered. Not to say the other dishes weren't good. They were superb. But the flavors in the poutines went so well together I thought it was the best. Weird eh? Go try it out for yourself.I'll definitely be back to try out the other dishes. One of my saving highlights in visiting Montreal in winter.
4	Impossible to get a reservation, but if you can it's well worth the trouble. The food is deliciously fattening, and the atmosphere is entertaining in itself.
5	Going to be hard to add anything new, but this place is indeed "off the hook"  That given, it is a foodie haven and the picky and particular may not be pleased, so if you are one of those kind of people, PLEASE DO NOT GO HERE. If you want it on the side, to change the recipe or have to interrogate the waitstaff about the dish. PLEASE LEAVE.    My man is afraid of food, but he sucked it up for me to return. He had the pork chop (Boring but good) and happily kept his mouth shut while I went on a gastronomic adventure. He suffered through the French Onion soup, good by him except for the chunks of fat, which he fished out and I happily ate.   I loved the duck in the can, though I could only eat 1/3 after the deep fried duck fat and piglet with mackerel mayo.    Dessert, the pudding, was great but so sweet my pancreas was doing back flips. I guess it matched the indulgence of the other courses. This is some swash buckling cooking. LOVE it. Sorry the penance will be a trip to Chevy's this week with my man. :(
1	walked in around 5 o clock and got a table with no wait and no reservations! can't believe it happened but it did :)had the duck in a can, never had duck before ... was sick for a week with the runs...could not eat anything without having to go to the bathroom right after i put food in my mouth. guess i am not the most adventurous/fatty food eater but did not realize how sick this food could make me. people who are not used to this kind of food...beware!
5	Awesome. Unbelievable. What more can I say. This might be the best restaurant I have been to. It might have something to do with the fact that I love duck:)
5	So over the top without jumping the shark. The son and I went on our Tour De Food au Montreal. We were impressed. We sat in front of the chefs at the bar (you might find the heat intolerable; we took off our top layers) and watched food in preparation and got asked about how we were digging on the fried smelts served in a ball jar with a dollop of spicy aoli at the bottom, a seasonal special. Next was the well-known, and maybe a little notorious Foie Gras Poutine. And if we hadn't gotten enough foie gras in that dish, it was in the next two. Is fat the official food of Montreal? Or foie gras? We duck in a can - with foie gras! And a dish with a name I forgot that consisted of a buckwheat crepe, melted cheese, potatoes, foie gras (No! Really?), some charcuterie, all topped with some maple syrup-based sauce. It was all amazing and all of it a revelation. Dessert was an amazing ice cream soda, with maple syrup, seltzer, a half-cup of stout and maple ice cream, all constructed at your seat by you and your server. Drinks were the house draft beer and shots of Jack  Daniels flavored with maple syrup. Decor, service, excellent. Noise was not so bad. For the two of us: $178 CAD with tip. Yeah, the food is pricey, but this is pricey food. Foie gras, maple products, charcuterie, and duck should be expensive.
5	Definitely Go.Excellent food and even better service. I never write about service for a restaurant but I must say that drunk idiots being stupid with the waitresses can normally end poorly but surprisingly this situation was handled with a very graceful manner. Now the food... Pork Rinds were amazing. Well seasoned and nice and toasty. Tomato Tart not my favorite(mustard flavor was over powering). Foie Gras Poutine - probably the highlight of the night! Dude, Foie Gras of the best quality, seared to perfection, on top of well cooked fries with cheese curd and a gravy that would taste good on a shoe. The gravy had an earthy quality that leads me to believe something other than regular beef base was in it, in a good way. Duck in a Can was what the food prior would lead you to think. It was amazing. The perfect blend of seasonings and herbs with a good mix of stewed vegetables. The duck was definitely fatty considering it is canned with a layer of fat over the duck breast and a considerable slab of foie gras but that only adds to the tenderness of the meat. served atop ... who cares the duck was outstandingly cooked and seasoned. Lamb shank was exceptionally prepared, not the most memorable choice but definitely good. Dessert did not disappoint either. Pudding Choemer or whatever they call it. It's the maple sauce with a biscuit in it. A MUST HAVE!All in all it was an excellent experience. The beer was great and the wine selection was very nice as well. I still can't get over how nicely the waitresses handled these clowns who were wasted. The price wasn't bad at all about $100 per person including tax and tip which included 3 beers, 2 glasses of wine, 3 apps, 2 entrees and 2 desserts plus a coffee and a cappucino. Wow that was a lot of food. Oh and last but not least the nice waitress called me a cab after dinner as well.
4	The last day of my visit to Montreal, I decided to go out and have a fancy meal, and my first choice was clearly Au pied de cochon.  Unfortunately, I did not have the foresight to get a reservation, so I doubted I would be able to get a spot.At 7 PM on Saturday, I make it over there, and ask if they have space for one.  They do!  I get to sit at the bar, overlooking the open kitchen.  After looking through the menu, I order the marinated smoked sausage, and the PDC melting pot.  They, the bread, and the atmosphere were amazing.  The space at the bar was a bit cramped, but that's too be expected, and the atmosphere was busy.
4	Debating between 3.5 and 4 stars, but this was a fun dinner - we sat in front of one of the chefs and watched him put all sorts of things into the oven (including two pig heads, which was interesting). We started with the onion soup, which was okay - I think it tasted too much like smoky bacon, which I didn't care for. We also had an incredible mushroom and cheese tartlet with a perfectly dressed side of greens. For the main course, we got the happy pork chop (which was served with a ridiculously yummy mushroom sauce) and foie gras on top of a buckwheat crepe with potatoes and cheese and maple syrup...and to top it off, it had some of the. best. bacon. i have EVER had in my entire life. yum. We had a mistake with the order, so when we finally got the steak frites we were slightly disappointed - the steak was undercooked and the cut of meat wasn't the greatest - it also had the same mushroom sauce, so it would have been nice to know that in advance. The french fries were perfectly cooked though. For dessert we had pudding chomeur - a biscuit surrounded by cream and hot maple syrup. Once you start eating it, it crumbles into a wonderful pudding like texture. It was phenomenal.
3	Skimpy on the poutine.  Duck in a can....yuck.  Hip n happening place with surprisingly unappetizing food.
4	Me: Hi, do you have any reservations available tonight?Hostess: No, sorry.Me: Do you have anything available for Saturday?Hostess: Yes, we have 10:30 at the bar.Me: I'll take it....is that 10:30am or 10:30pm?  Being shutout at Garde Manger, I had to eat at one of Montreal's best restaurants before I left.  I managed to pace myself (foodwise) so I wouldn't be full at dinner.  The restaurant was packed at 10:30 and we were ushered to our spots at the bar.  We went with the following:- Foie Gras Poutine (french fries with gravy, cheese curds, and foie gras): poutine is as unique to Montreal as tapas are to Spain and frog legs are to France. The foie gras really elevated the poutine and made it really rich / guilty tasting.  - Happy Pork Chop: Au Pied de Cochon translates to pig feet so I figured that pork was the thing to get (I guessed wrong).  The pork chops were good, but there was nothing special about them. - Boudin Tart (blood sausage in a tart): this was an absolute surprise (AKA the unintended hit).  The tart resembled a deep dish pizza crust stuffed with cheese, mustard, and perfectly under baked so the dough was fluffy and wet.  I just wished I had more room after dissecting the pork chop.   My only regret was I wished I had ordered the duck in a can - that's definitely not going to be found on a lot of menus.
5	Order anything on the menu, it's all amazing.  Make a reservation a couple weeks ahead of time.  Showing up without one will likely mean you're walking away without eating, unless you show up right as they open.
5	Still amazing!!!
5	Make a reservation and check your diet at the door. This place ranks as one of my top 10 culinary adventures. Thank you Anthony  Bourdain! I sadly can't remember the name of our foie gras appetizer, but it was one of the best things I ever ate. Buckwheat pancake, potatoes, cheese, smoked pork, a BIG ol slab of foie gras and maple syrup. OMG. Heaven on a plate. Duck in a can and the melting pot were really good, but the appetizer was on a different planet of good. Atmosphere is casual (more so than I expected), but it's all about the food. Where else can you find an entire menu section devoted to foie gras? Take your cholesterol pills and prepare for an eating experience. You'll eat too much, and be glad you did.
3	Not sure what went wrong...maybe all these stellar reviews got my expectations too high. Came in on Tuesday night without reservations, but was able to get seated at the bar within minutes. The bartender was very friendly and patiently answered my questions. I ended up getting the PDC salad, which was various pork bits sprinkled on salad greens. It also came with a square of fried pork knuckles & marrow & other goodness with a smear of spicy mustard. While the salad was nice & fresh, I think the choice of greens was too soft to stand up to the heavy pork bits. The pork was nicely flavored and tender. Didn't really like the fried pork knuckles though.Since I wasn't too hungry I ordered a foie gras tart rather than one of the meat dishes. Maybe that was my downfall. The tart was basically puff pastry with garlic mashed potatoes and slices of foie gras. I found it too greasy for my liking and the foie gras had none of the rich complex flavors I was expecting. Sadly this was a disappointment for me. And if you go, don't wear anything you can't wash, because you'll come out smelling like fried pig fat (not necessarily an offensive smell, but something to keep in mind...).
3	Really? Almost 5 stars after 200 reviews? This place must be good!So I wanted to try it so bad! Even if they are fully booked while we were in Montreal so we ordered take-away!Maybe the duck has been in the can too long (a 10 min walk), it was tough. The foie gras poutine was not bad but not fantastic.The meal was too rich for my liking. A bit disappointed bcos ducks and foie gras are my 2 loves.But i am still glad i tried it and judged for myself! How can I be a food lover and not try the famous Au pied de cochon, even if it did not live up to my expectations?
5	Been to APDC a few times and must say it is one of those foodie religious experiences.  From the foie gras smothered Poutine to Duck in the Can to EVERYTHING I have had there, there was mad love on the plate. In the summer the raw bar selections were also impressive.  Thanks to Tony Bourdain for showing me the light years ago on No Reservations.  Great wine list to boot and the waitstaff is terrific. One of my five favorite restaurants in the world.
5	*BEEP*Hey, Stomach, it's me. C'mon pick up, I need to talk to you. *CLICK**BEEP*Hey, it's me again. Please answer, I can explain everything. I'm sorry. I love you. *CLICK**BEEP*Okay, here goes: I'm sorry, okay? I'm sorry and I was a first-class dick that night. I realize that you already told me that you were already full up on the junk I was serving you and you had had enough, but I didn't listen. I should've listened, and I apologize for not caring about how you felt. Sometimes it's hard to keep from going Tasmanian-Devil-food-tornado crazy when they plop a dinner plate-sized, gravy-slathered Yorkshire-style pork chop in front of you, you know? But yes, I admit that I was entirely at fault for the fiasco and I'll never forget your feelings again.And I'm sorry about the foie gras poutine, the pork rinds, and the foie gras burger too, okay? Are you there? Pick uupppppppppp....Fine. See if i care.*CLICK*
5	Very impressive.We sat at the bar overlooking the cooks prepare every dish.  It was a great experience being in the thick of it and seeing them work so cohesively - when it came to our food we appreciated it even more!The foie gras poutine was excellent.  My only complaint would have been to have had more chips, but I guess this isn't necessarily a bad thing! We had considered getting a pork dish (given the restaurant name involves a pig) but decided to go for Duck in a can.  Its unique and delicious.Would recommend going here if you are in Montreal, but make a reservation!
5	Love love love this place!  Atmosphere feels like a casual restaurant but they serve first class food.We started off with the PDC seafood platter.  This has to be the best seafood platter ever.  It had a great variety of stuff - clams, mussles, razor clams, snails, conch, sea urchin, crab.  All of which tasted delicious.  The way they serve the seafood is usually with some sauce and let me tell you that the sauce or mixings they serve it with was wonderful.  The razor clam was chopped up and mixed into a salad.  Sea urchin was served in its own shell but with some sort of creme fraiche.  Conch was served with this mayo mixture.  Everything was awesome!For other starters, we also had the bison tongue and the foie gras with bacon and maple syrup.  The bison tongue was very hearty and the tongue very tender.  The foie gras was so delicious.  It was served with bacon and potatoes in a maple syrup reduction.  The waiter had me at bacon... I never thought the maple syrup would go well but it did.  The sweetness was perfect for foie gras.For entrees, we had the "Duck in a can" and the foie gras with pig's feet.  Both of which were amazing.  The Duck in a can is really a sight to see.  The waiter comes by with a plate that has potatoes and some cabbage.  And a hot can on the side.  He opens the can and then dumps the contents, which is duck and foie gras, onto the plate.  The presentation itself is enough to make heads turn.   The foie gras with pig's feet was really good too.  It was in a very hearty mushroom sauce.  It tasted like home.  The meat was falling off the bone.Both entrees were delicious.  They were both very hearty.  Don't over order when you come here or else it would feel heavy.  We were too full for dessert :)  I would highly recommend this place to anyone.
4	Simply amazing.  The atmosphere is great and the attire is casual so that one feels very comfortable here- not to mention the fact that the waitstaff and hostess are extremely friendly and welcoming to us English-speakers (came with my bf).We had:marinated sausage starter- excellent!foie gras duo, consisting of the foie gras hamburger and a 1/2 order of foie gras poutine- the hamburger came out smothered in an absolutely amazing balsamic reduction, it was HUGE and very messy but oh so good. The foie gras poutine was to DIE FOR.  Utterly decadent and rich, even if i had ordered only this I wouldn't be able to finish it!PDC melting pot- my bf ordered this, it was several kinds of very tender pork over cheesy mashed potatoes.  It came with blood sausage which we are not usually fans of but it was super tasty!creme brulee- the best I've ever had. They must use a higher cream to egg ratio too because it was super light, almost like a panna cotta.To sum it up?  One of the best meals of my life.  I am only sorry that, since we leave Montreal tomorrow, I won't have a chance to try the tomato tartlet, duck in a can and confit lamb shank :(  Guess we'll just have to come back!
5	Based on all the hype I was ready for disappointment, but I was pleasantly surprised. This place is down to earth and just serves tasty food. The service was awesome and and they made wonderful recommendations. The pricing was reasonable all the way around which was another surprise. They had a nice spectrum of prices on wine and reasonable beer prices. I'm hoping that the red wine I drank can dissolve all the animal fats I consumed as I had a truly decadent meal. We sampled the fois gras poutine which was sinfully delicious, the duck in a can, the pied de cochon and the pudding dessert. Everything was pretty darn good and I would eat it all again in a heart beat! I don't consider myself to be a big carnivore, but I couldn't get enough of this tender succulent meat. I need to go back to sample the seafood and bison which also looked intriguing. So much to eat and so little time.
5	Wowzer! This food blew me away while anchoring me to my seat being so heavy and rich. Went on Saturday night without reservation but flying solo so easily got a seat at the bar.  Did not realize til later that this place was brainchild of Martin Picard, same guy doing amazing things at M. Wells in NYC which I recommend you check out as well.Round one was the fois gras poutine which everyone raves about. The experience was like swimming in a pool of fois GRAS  gravy with chunks of fois gras and cheese curds floating around you. Inhaled that bad boy without thinking that I had an entree coming...ugh.Round two was the duck in a can which was pretty good. I actually enjoyed the vegetable and sauces that accompanied the duck more than the duck itself but it does not shave points off the oveall experience. Come prepared with elastic pants or ready access to your top pants button. Thank you ADPC, now roll me home!
3	We had been hearing about Au pied de cochon all week as THE place for Montreal food.  It has a great atmosphere, although whenever I see tanks of lobster crawling all over each other I feel a bit sad (I'm a self-loathing omnivore).  Perhaps we were too full of rich food from the previous evenings to enjoy it but here's what I learned about myself at APC:For me, there is such a thing as too much foie gras.One serving of poutine a day is all I can take.I don't like blood pudding.Still, I would love to return to APC on a lighter stomach and try it again, including the seafood platters, which looked great.  The foie gras poutine at the next table looked delicious.
5	The foie gras poutine is to die for!! It is so delicious and I couldn't care less if it's breaking poutine tradition. Also the duck in the can is so rich and heavenly. PLEASE TRY IT!!
5	If you love the subtle, fatty taste of foie gras, you'll love this place. We took advantage of their seafood season and ordered their PDC seafood platter replacing our previous choice for an appetizer, and added on the foie gras poutine and the duck in a can. The PDC seafood platter was impressive. There were around 25 pieces, and they weren't just shucked oysters and clams, razor clams and snails on ice. They were treated in their own unique way. We had chopped clams with a beautiful apple, walnut, oil mixture. We had the most tender snail meat ever. We had maybe 6 pieces of shucked seafood, but they were treated with jelly or had a vinaigrette for us to enjoy with them. It was worth every penny and was deeeeelicious. It was a bit rich though to start the meal.The foie gras poutine was probably the most "disappointing" of the three dishes if you could even call it that. The gravy was delicious but it overpowered the foie gras unless you really tried to identify the taste of the fatty liver. It would have been just as delicious had we just ordered the regular poutine or tried all the other famous places for poutine in Montreal.The duck in a can was DIVINE. Beware though, only order this if you're ready for a very fatty dish. The duck wasn't melt in your mouth but the texture was done in that way to pair well with everything else in the can (foie gras and cabbage) that was cooked to a melting texture and taste. It was so rich and so fatty and yet I couldn't stop eating it. The foie gras was succulent, soft, and paired incredibly well with the hearty duck. The cabbage was clearly greasy but it carried the flavor so well that you could very well overlook the richness of it and think it might be a healthy addition to the can's contents. Btw the cabbage seems to also have been previously sauteed or braised with big chunks of bacon. I would definitely order this dish again and come back to try all the other dishes too.The service here is impeccable. Everyone is friendly, informative, and quick. If your waters are even 1/3 of the way down, they'll refill it. If you have dishes that are finished, they'll take them away within a few minutes if you look like you're ready to have them do so. You are seated reservations on the dot, rather than having to wait an additional 15 minutes after arrival. Everything here is a well-oiled machine.Our only surprise is that our waitress told us that most shirts (I know, we're such tourists) were out of stock in Mediums, but the hostess nicely informed us that they had stock of everything. Might be a subtle way to let us know people wanted our seats? Or could have just been a mistake, doesn't matter, we loved the food so much I didn't dock the ratings for it.Let's also say that for this quality and amount of food the prices are very reasonable. If you were put PDC in NY, these dishes would cost double, which makes me an even bigger lover of this restaurant! For special occasions, this place is a must. It's not the most romantic of places, since everything is bustling, it's somewhat noisy, so on. But it sure is a hell of a place to dine and watch them prepare foods if you're sitting at or alongside the bar. Luckily we were sitting next to the fire oven and the seafood station so we enjoyed watching all three of the chefs busily preparing their dishes all night! I could have sat there for hours on end without having eaten it was that interesting.We went in knowing that this was a famous restaurant but not expecting that this was the best in the world. With those levels of expectations what restaurant will ever pull it off? But if you go in there thinking that the food is supposed to be really good you'll love it.
5	Our group of four was able to get an early dinner reservation. This place is booked far in advance and you can see why when you experience the food. First we got there and while walking through the dining area, the floors were extremely slippery.  The hostess actually warned us to be careful.  I guess with the open kitchen and the amount of cooking they do, the floor is hard to maintain. We started with a seafood platter that blew my mind.  This is not typical seafood that's cleaned and thrown on a bed of ice.  The items in this platter were carefully prepared combinations of sauces to ingredients married together in tasty bliss.  There were cooked snails in sauce, mini sea snails, sea urchin in light foam sauce, oysters, and more.  I love how each piece was a creation in itself.  I would go back just to try the other seafood platters. On the proteins.  Seared foie gras with a maple syrup sauce is to die for.  The syrup stands strong with the foie gras flavor and blends together nicely.  The duck in a can was a combination of the best parts of the duck (more foie gras) and duck breast, in a rich sauce.  We also had the pig's foot, which normally my wife would not like, but this one had so many flavors working with it that it's simply amazing.  Everything exceeded my expectations.  And I would go back to try the other stuff I didn't get to.  If you're in Montreal, you must go. Book far in advance.
5	This place is pretty pricey so I picked my birthday to come here. I was afraid it would be stuffy, but it actually seemed like a place you could go to every night (if you are loaded). The place has a robust and homey feelling atmosphere and the tables are not seated to close together so you can have a private conversation. There is lots of foie gras on the menu and also game. My bf had the bison ribs and it came out on a rib that must have been like 2 feet long. I had lamb shank which was very tasty. I went to the bathroom, and there was a TV in there and lots of beer on ice. I asked what it was for and was told that it was so you could catch a bit of the hockey game, there was an important game on. You could lock yourself in there and sit and drink beer and watch the game - how great is that! Sort of a quirky idea, awesome. I was surprised there was no line.There seemed to be a lot of regulars, our waiter seemed to stop for little chats here and there.
4	APDC is a contemporary restaurant in the Mont Royal neighborhood serving up platters of pigs head, bone marrow, foie gras, duck in a can, the menu goes on and on.  A foodie-meat-lovers' dream so to speak. We sat at the bar because its easier to reserve and we wanted to see the chefs in action.  It's pretty amazing that there are like 4 chefs in such a small space serving up most of the dishes that keep this restaurant going.   It was incredible to watch, so I would recommend it.  We went a little overboard ordering lots of dishes, way more than we could eat ourselves, but we wanted to multiple things on the menu.  To start, we had:Tuna tartare (light, refreshing, succulent, delicious, expertly prepared!)Bone MarrowBlue cheese, apple, and endive salad (I LOVED this dish.  So glad I ordered it; it was different from any salad I've ever had and SO good)APDC BeerEntrees:Lobster roll with foie grasPDC's Melting Pot paired with the by the glass Cote de Rhone-- this was the dish I ordered; it was a cross section of meats such as blood sausage, regular sausage, pork chop, and pork belly served on a bed of mashed potatoes in a stew with carrots and roasted potatoes in a mini dutch oven. i would recommend this if you want to try a bunch of different meats.  It is very filling though; so if you order appetizers you could probably split it). The glass Cote de Rhone was excellent, HIGHLY recommend that. For dessert -- the pecan pie with ice cream.  Pecan pie was good, but not the best I've had; hey I'm from the south...sort of.  On my way out I saw the pot de creme and wished I had gotten that, and I will next time.  But the ice cream was delicious and rich and creamy, so def. recommend that.Overall, a must try while in Montreal.  Will return for sure!
5	Make reservations ahead of time, otherwise you may have a very hard time getting in, or get turned away.  Even with reservations you may need to wait up to half an hour.  Our group of 3 did but it went by quickly and we got a free drink out of it.We had...Tarragon Bison Tongue... amazing, the sauce that it is in has some really distinct flavours.Duck in a Can... presentation is great, the duck itself was delicious, some people on here don't seem to have glowing reviews of it, but I thought it was great.  The duck is cooked just right and the sauce is absolutely delicious."Pied Du Cochon"... this was very good, I am not sure if I would order it again because I am a fan of rich full flavours and this had that, but not to the level of some of the other menu items.
5	WARNING - This place is not for:1. Vegetarians (this is not up for debate - period)2. Those watching their caloric intake. If you are on weight watchers you will spend a week's worth of points (I calculated about 80 (or more) for the meal that we ate).3. Those who take a political stance against the use of Foie Gras in any form4. Those for religious reasons will not eat pork (actually there are other options, but you will be in the minority)5. Anyone who is on a budgetIOk, now down to business. I called the day before and got a reservation for the next night at 10:30PM.   We requested the bar and were seated directly in front of the open kitchen where the sauces were made and all dishes were finished before being set in the window to be expedited.  The atmosphere is animated and loud. The staff is attentive but not intrusive and we chatted with the chef's occasionally because there were a few things we could not identify, they were very accommodating.  First up (besides the yummy bread and butter):  Salad (yes, I admit we were pretending to have a balanced meal, this was a farce in itself).  A smattering of lettuce and tomato tossed with a vinaigrette and topped off with lovely chunks of pork/fat bits (bacon?) and this lovely fried square of cartilage etc (tasted like hogs head cheese).  Not salty at all and a good way to "ease on down the road."  At this point we are not bowled over but happy with what we were eating. Next, a server inquired..."did you order the Foie Gras Cromesquis?"  Qui! Our instructions: "Please let this cool for 2 - 3 minutes and then put the whole cube in your mouth and bite but keep your mouth closed."  Ok, got it.  So out first comes the dish of Bone Marrow we ordered, cooked with a hint of maple and smeared with a luxurious dose of caviar.  This was declared better than sex by my dining companion (the chef laughed - I wasn't sure I was going to make that kind of a substitution).  I can tell you this was creamier than any marrow I have ever tasted with the perfect balance of sweet and salt from the syrup and caviar.  Can you tell I am dreaming of this marrow?  In any event as we were savoring this delicacy the fried foie gras cubes emerge on a tiny wooden plate.  We want to dive right in but know that we have to wait the 2 - 3 minutes...no problem...plenty of time to really get into that bone marrow.  If we weren't in public I would have grabbed that bone and licked it.  NOTE: Marrow is not for everyone.  It is almost like eating butter.  At this point we are ready for the foie gras cubes so we each popped one in our mouths.  It is completely liquid inside (I can just imagine how someone would be scalded who didn't wait the prescribed 2 - 3 minutes for these babies to cool down!). Buttery, smoky, with a crunchy outside this was so delicious what a shame that you only get two in an order!  Simply beautiful.  At this point we were both grinning (while keeping the mouth closed!) and trying to prevent that taste from disappearing from our taste buds too fast.Next?  The famous Foie Gras Poutine.  I have had poutine elsewhere - it wasn't bad - basically a highfalutin disco fry.  Neither one of us thought this dish would be anything special, um WRONG.  The fries were the perfect amount of crisp (well they better be, fried in duck fat), the chunks of foie gras and cheese curds sprinkled on top with 2 of the most amazing gravies poured over the top.  FYI, the gravy takes about 3 days to make! I just didn't want this dish to end.  I also didn't want to part with that gravy.  It was so rich it would have gone well with biscuits (instead of country gravy) or grits, fried chicken just about anything southern that you can conjure up.  Needless to say, I will only each poutine if Chef Martin Picard has something to do with the recipe.Next course was the Happy Pork Chop and the indubitable, Duck in a Can(Canard en Conserve).  The duck is quite flavorful but I mirror another person's account - I don't think it is their best item on the menu.  I think my Happy Pork Chop might be a contender though.  Looks like something out of the Flintstones with this huge rib bone sticking off the plate.  Perhaps this is a subliminal encouragement to just grab it with your hand and start gnawing away.  This ultra-tender chop was brimming over with mushrooms in a lovely burgundy gravy.  Both the duck and the pork have so many layers of flavor (and duck fat...) I was quite beside myself and ended up packing the remainder to take home.  We also ordered asparagus and mashed potatoes on the side.  The mashed potatoes were filled with cheesy goodness.  This should be on everyone's Christmas Dinner menu. We had just enough room for a light dessert of poached pear with vanilla ice cream.  The liquid from the pear was so delicious I wish I could have bottled it, added Prosecco and served it as a refreshing brunch drink.  Go Hungry.  Leave Happy!
4	The menu was daunting - who eats half that stuff (a special was a salad with veal heart!), however the staff was amazingly helpful.  We started with the much raved about poutine.  I guess I just don't get poutine, it wasn't bad but I wouldn't get it again.  Our main courses were delicious.  I has the fish and chips special - made with sturgeon and melt in your mouth good.  My husband had the boudin tart - couldn't believe how good it was.  Have to say, though, way too much food - we should have shared an entree.  Best of all we were surprised the bill was quite reasonable.
5	Mind bogglingly fantastic down home French food. Duck in a Can might be my new favorite dish. Anything with Foie Gras on the menu will blow your mind. Not a low calorie meal. Get ready for a serious food coma after, but completely worth it.
3	DO NOT ATTEMPT TO EAT A SINGLE DISH ALONE.SHARE EVERYTHING.My favourite dish was the foie gras terrine: it beautifully showcased the lush savouriness for which foie is known, while balancing the fatty richness with a delightfully sweet apple jam peppered with toothsome chunks throughout. Everything else was just felt like an exercise in excess.  We should have taken a hint from the table of four hulking men next to us who opted to share the stuffed pig's foot stuffed with foie.  But instead, the waiter shamelessly let both myself, and a dining companion half my size, order one each for ourselves.  The fattiness and crisp skin together delivered a marvelously succulent bite, but once I downed a second forkful, I could already feel my arteries start to wince in pain.The duck in a can was pleasantly tender and succulent, but with all the elements blended together in this way, it almost felt like the flavours were bordering on monochromatic (although "fatty rich goodness" is not necessarily a flavour I would frown upon).The confit of lamb shank, however, seemed to impress the most critical of my dining companions, who noted that the moistness was deftly preserved, and the confit embodied a full, intense flavour without being overly gamy.And the french onion soup?  Just check out Jon H.'s review.  I think he would live and breathe and bathe in this stuff if he could.
5	If I could only have one meal in Montreal, tres tragic, it would be here!  First, don't eat anything after your morning cafe and pain au chocolate, even if you can only get a 1030 reservation at the bar, THE BEST SEAT IN THE HOUSE!  We watched with amazement as one tantalizing dish after another rolled past us on its way to another happy table of diners.  Whole roasted legs de cochon, on platters so large they required two servers to carry them out, tables full of visiting chefs happy to have gotten a reservation plenty of noise and amazing aromas and service as if they knew you by name.First, the little molten foie gras cube, that despite repeated warnings, shot droplets through my closed lips and onto my napkin.  We ordered the pig's foot, (more like half a leg) and the canard conserve (canned duck), either one of which would have satisfied two diners and took our server's advice to have only half an order of the Poutine with Foie gras.  We decided after devouring it that it was the only bad advice we got!We could not possibly finish, so we packed away a beautiful picnic to take on our climb to the top of Mount Royal then next day, and moved on to dessert, a classic Quebecois maple pudding which came out bubbling hot from the oven.  We walked nearly three miles back to our hotel in the Chinese Quarter deciding what wine and cheese to take along on the next day's picnic, and happy that birthday's come but once a year.
4	I have read several reviews where people have said that their cromesquis came out cold, but fortunately mine came out hot and oozed in my mouth. Very rich, but not something I'd order again.I went for the gimmicky duck in a can. It was so much that I barely ate 1/3 of it. So I asked for the rest as take away. We waited. And waited. And waited. Finally we asked the head waitress about it, who spoke to the waitress who'd cleared our tables. Turned out that she had thrown it away! The manager offered free desserts, but we were both stuffed and the dish was $37 and barely eaten. So he took it off the bill. What little I ate was very delicous and fatty. Some staff are excellent (manager and head waitress who was able to rattle off the HUGE list of specials for the day without looking at anything) where as others are totally hopeless, such as our waitress, who I don't think could speak English. But, seriously, who throws out a full plate of food without even asking if they want to take it home?? There was also another waitress who spent most of the night standing around with a big frown on her face with her arms crossed. But the good made up for te bad.I would come here again. Even though I starved myself before going, I was still stuffed! Too bad they're not open for lunch.
5	Wow.  Amazing.  A meat lover's heaven.  The perfect spot to come to on a cold Canadian winter night.come hungry and leave full.
2	This place totally makes me think of the Black Hoof in Toronto, following the trend of in your face meat eating, where patrons eagerly munch on bone marrow as appetizers before settling on pig's head (yes literally pigs head) for the main course.You have to be really hungry to eat here, and on a low fat diet to prepare yourself for the cholesterol shock that is about to hit your digestive system.I wanted to try something light, which is probably why the night didn't fare so well.  I followed ht the waiter's recommendation for an original "salad": pan seared veal over potatoes and watercress.  The dish was immersed in olive oil to the point of being soupy, and topped with an egg.  There was very little in the way of greens, so I don't know how this was categorized as a salad.  Unsurprisingly, this was very, very heavy.   I give full points for creativity, since I've never quite had anything like it before, but can't say I enjoyed it and could only eat half before I felt overwhelmed by the grease. The creme brulee and molten lava cakes were fine as desserts--but they are always a safe bet. If you're looking for a meaty place, this is for you.  If you were hoping for a light meal go somewhere else.
3	The foie gras was delicious, although on the salty side. Duck in a can was okay but the sauce was lacking. Lamb was easily forgettable. Tuna was fine, but the lobster roll was best. Creme brulee was extremely burnt and disappointing.Come here with a party so you can do family style.
5	My favorite place in Montreal.  Imaginative.  Daring.  A true gastronomic adventure!  Highly recommended.  Great food, great service!
4	Duck. Pork. Foie Gras.This place tried to kill me. I barely made it out alive.The duck-in-a-can was awesome (duck + foie gras). The gravy and foie gras on top of fries. The fried pork skin.Crikey. Great dinner. Reminds me a lot of Animal in LA (or vice versa)
5	Share everything, and order as many dish as you can!  Everything is fantastic, but you can't be scared to eat anything.I would have loved to try even more from the menu, but we went there three girls at 9:30PM, so my hunger was there, but not for long.Service is superb and personalized.  We let the staff decide what we were going to eat, and what to drink even.  That was not disappointing. If you get there and you don't know what to get, go ahead and tell them to prepare a menu for you.In this menu, we had the Duck Carpaccio, which was simply fabulous. Melt in your mouth, exactly what a carpaccio should be.  We also had the Beet and Goat Cheese Salad, as one of ours doesn't eat that much game and "weird" food.  A beet and goat cheese salad is so yesterday for me, but this was so well presented, as a little tower, and the flavors were just melted together, and it was probably the best beet salad I have ever had.We had another salad after that, the squab giblets salad, which was also very flavorful and very precise in terms of taste and temperature.  As for our main, The Canard en Conserve, which is a duck leg confite served in a can, that they open at your table and dump on your plate.  The smell was so fantastic.  The slow cooked cabbage in the dish reminded me of my childhood.  A nice piece of foie gras was inserted under the skin, all for a fabulous mix of unforgettable savoriness.They have a nice wine list too, and the markup isn't exagerrated.Quite fantastic!
5	The food is fresh, homemade and delicious ( but extremely rich)The Foie gras poutine is a master piece.The duck in a can is excellent.Whenever in montreal this is a great restaurant to go to.Too bad I went there in 2006, and I dont remember all the other items tried. I have to go back.
4	This place is packed and you'll definitely need a reservation.  My friend had tantalized me with the idea of duck in a can and we had a one day window to acquire this delectable contraption.  It was a perfect day to eat at a park so I had settled for take out.  The wait took about 45 minutes and gave us more than enough time to buy a bottle of wine.  They didn't give us cutlery so the whole meal was eaten by plastic spoons and a little knife from the cock screw.  (fail)I was actually very disappointed in duck in a can. I thought it would be more tender and a melt in your mouth experience but it was quite dry and rough. I definitely did not think it was worth the $37 and would have rather ordered a lot more appetizers and starters.  The "Piglet Roast" is delish and satisfying in the warm weather.  The roast was razor thin slices of pork that have been cooled and covered with the perfect amount of what I believed to be tartar sauce.  The Tarragon Bison Tongue was also a winner and it was served whole.  I didn't have the proper tools to cut it up so I  just put the whole tongue in my mouth and had the unwanted experience of making out with a dead bison tongue.  *shudder*I extremely regret not trying the fois gras = (
5	Delicious.  I got the foie gras poutine and Duck in a Can.  Maybe it's just me but I found both to be a bit salty but they gave us plenty of bread to enjoy it.  The foie gras poutine was delicious.  I can not really describe it since it was my first time trying foie gras but I loved this.  It was the perfect amount.Duck in a Can also had foie gras in it.  It was very flavourful.  Our waitress was so nice, we ordered water and our glass was never half empty!  As I mentioned above, my brother kept asking for bread and she happily brought it to us.
5	Truly unique dining experience. If you're on Weight Watchers, cancel your subscription right now, since this will probably blow through about a year's worth of points in one shot.Duck in a can is great but not my favourite, though the presentation is cool. Absolutely get the fois gras poutine, but be sure to have your cardiologist on speed dial first. Try the blue cheese/apple/endive or the beet/goat cheese salad - ithey are delicious, and will make you feel slightly less guilty about everything else you've ordered. And make reservations in advance, especially if you plan on going on a weekend.
5	I live in NJ. Let me just say this - The Poutine is worth the 6 hour drive up Route 87. Foie Gras doesn't get any better than this.Skip the trotter.
5	A dream come true, all expectations were met, you must go and stuff your self like a the duck liver you eat.Our travel adventure was complete with this 10pm reservation. After walking and biking 30km all over the lovely city of Montreal, we excitedly arrived 20 minutes early and were seated with ease. The sound of active chefs and waitstaff and happy customers were exactly what we wanted to hear as we sat down next to the bar and the flashy activity of the kitchen. We ordered the house brews, the foie croquettes -magic in a boxy bite!, zucchini flowers, and steamers, effin' delish! The Duck in a Can was amazing, high class hobo dining.  Holy shit, I wish I had a second stomach so I could have finished the rest of this dish. Husband gorged on the stuffed pig foot, good but not for me, just a little too rich. He scarfed it down like a good hairy animal. MERCI!
3	A bizarre evening of big hits and misses that couldn't quite justify the high prices or tourist-inflicted hype.We came in a group of six so we'd have a chance to share things and taste more of the famously foie gras* intensive menu.  Things started off well enough with appetizers: - Foie Gras Cromesquis: little fried blocks with a tad of foie gras inside, these were warm, savory, packed with flavor, and gone in an instant.- Tarragon bison tongue: unbelievably tender, flavorful and a bit fatty as tongue tends to be.  A nice small portion allowed a few of us to have a taste of it.- Duck Carpaccio: this sounded like something that prudish US food safety inspectors would never allow, so we were sure to order it while in Canada.  It was light and magical like a beef carpaccio.  Again, a nice small portion.Still not much foie gras action, but we ordered main courses with foie gras including one with a filet type serving from the "foie gras" section of the menu... we were the most excited about that one.  These dished came out (pause for emphasis) about _70_ minutes after our appetizers were served, and the one with the foie gras filet (bigger pause) _never_ came at all.  Anyway, these included:- Their trademark "pied au cochon" (which we ordered without foie gras because we thought it was coming with the other dish).  A little unusual in its gooey sinewy texture, this is the kind of thing that works as an appetizer but is just overwhelming as a main dish.... which is certainly was, and more than enough for two people.  Share it family style if you must order it, but it's a miss otherwise.- Their even more trademark "Duck in a can."  This one was indeed a hit, and the biggest success of the evening.  It included half a duck (with a nice chunk of duck fat that you probably don't want to finish) plus 100g of foie gras, and plenty of delicious sauce including butter, oil, something basalmic, and thyme.   We shared it three ways but it would have been better split two ways or consumed as a large meal for one person.- A special risotto ($80 plus $20 extra for foie gras) prepared in a parmesan cheese wheel bowl that infused (too much) parmesan flavor.  It was nice for a few bites, but the rich, creamy and salty melted parmesan completely drowned out the more subtle (and expensive and even more delicious) foie gras which is a big culinary bummer at any price, let alone $100.- Poutine which was about as good as that from Belle Provence but not as good as that from Frite Alors, because the fries weren't crunchy enough.  Not sure why they offer it.Service was very polite and attentive, when it existed.  Fortunately we had a nice group with great conversation but waiting over 60 minutes for dinner after appetizers does funny things to your appetite... especially when they serve you unlimited french bread in the meantime.  So, in the end we had great appetizers, no foie gras filet, and main dishes in all the wrong proportions for a pretty high price tag.Given how great others' experiences seem to be here, I'd like to come back, maybe in a smaller group their staff could handle better, and maybe with more concrete info about what to order and not.  *Having heard rumors of epic cruelty in Foie Gras production, I checked out all free the well-written articles I could find online, as well as the first two YouTube videos on it (one pro and one con).  I was insufficiently horrified by what I found especially versus beef production, but please message me if you have a better link.
5	I was so happy I went here. The food was excellent, the waitstaff were absolute professionals, and the cost was much less than it could have been given the quality and the atmosphere of the place.Get a reservation. I'll be back the next time I'm in town.
5	Just glutinously awesome.
5	I'm not sure what else I can possibly add to the 250 other raving reviews.Au Pied de Cochon is crazy amazing and worth a trip to Montreal just to eat here. We waited nearly 30 mins for our table (even though we booked in advance) but the hostess explained they do not like to kick customers from their tables and they had people lingering long over coffee. No big deal because they comped us with free appetizers.The food here is all AMAZING, I'm still having dreams about the giant lambshank I polished off. My friends tried out the steak & frites and a crab pie (daily special). The cod fish fritters and zucchini fritter starters were both delicious too and only $6 per order.Dinner plus a beer came to only $40 including tax and tip. Must return to Montreal!
4	We had been anticipating our visit to Au pied de cochon for weeks.  Our reservation was for 8pm, but we weren't seated until 8:30pm since the folks sitting at our table lingered over their coffee and dessert...can't say that I blame them.  This place rocks!Portion sizes are MASSIVE...if you come here, bring your appetite.We were comped our cod fish fritters and deep fried zucchini flower appetizers.  Both were delicious, but I personally thought the fritters were a little too salty.  They did however some chilies in there so points for that.I had the Crab tourties (one of their daily specials), while my table mates had the Lamb shank and Steak et frites.Again, the portion sizes were HUGE and I couldn't finish my tourtiere, which was delcious.  The pastry was flaky as hell, the bottom of the pie was lined with a tasty and thick layer of buttery scalloped potatoes, the creme fraiche was perfectly seasoned with dill and lemon...OMFG!  We skipped dessert.  I can't even believe they even offer dessert given the portion sizes!  Loved it and can't wait to go back.  Next time, I'm having the lamb shank...it was unlike any lamb shank I've ever tried before...and I will avoid eating for the 2 days preceeding my visit so that I can finish my meal this time!Of note: RESERVATIONS ARE RECOMMENDED.  We saw more than a few parties turned away because they walked in off the street.  We made our reservations a month in advance.
5	May be it was the wine, but with every bite, I heard angels singing "Halleluja" in my head.  3 dishes for 2 peopleAppetizer:  special of the day.  foie gras served over a blini with a mushroom corn sauce on the side.Main course:  duck in a can, yes, you read about it.  I was amazed with how flavorful and tender the vegetables were.Chocolate pot de creme: topped with whipped cream and crumbsGreat service and good beer/wine selection
5	I went here a few months back after must anticipation. I must say, it exceeded my expectations. I decided to write a review now because after dining at some praised restaurants in the past month (Origin in Toronto, Bazaar in L.A., ect) I can't sop thinking this one thing; remember how amazing the meal and experience was at Au pied de cochon in Montreal and it was only a fraction of the price of the mediocre meal I just at. Thank you Au pied de cochon.
1	BEWARE AMERICANS!!!I have never, ever in my life been treated as rudely as I was at Au Pied de cochon. My friend and I cabbed all the way from our hotel in Vieux Port to try this raved about restaurant. Hurricane Irene hit hard while we were en route, so the rain was the definition of torrential. The time we arrived was 4:54, and when we tried the door in the pouring rain (=no coverage or overhang) the door was locked. The waitress pointed at her watch and gestured the number 5, to signal to us that no, she would not be opening the door for us to come in out of the rain for at least another 5 minutes. Wow. We should have left then, but decided to give it a shot and wait under an overhang down the street. 4 minutes later when we came back, we walked in to what looked like a very nice restaurant. We asked for a table and the hostess asked us if we had a reservation. The restaurant was literally empty, save for the staff whom were basically just watching us. She said: "oh, sorry we are booked tonight." Naturally, we laughed and looked around figuring she was joking. When her grimace failed to lighten we said "Seriously? There is no one here!" The manager then stepped over and confirmed that sorry, they were all booked for the night. Keep in mind there is literally no one in the restaurant, and it's Hurricane Irene outside. Is your blood pressure going up yet? Mine was....But I maintained composure and tried again. I said, "oh man, we are so bummed - we just cabbed from Vieux Port all the way up here because it sounded so good (from YELP reviews, of course). He pursed his lips, shrugged his shoulders, and motioned for the door. I felt like I was being kicked out as I opened the door and we stepped back out into the pouring rain. As we walked away he yelled as an afterthought that if we wanted to leave a phone number he would call us in the event of a cancellation. At this point he was just being snide, and all I wanted to do was give him the finger. I wish I had but we were already so wet that we put our tails between our legs and just kept going.Now, the reason I started this post with Beware Americans, is because there is no doubt we were being discriminated against as Americans. I say this having lived in Montreal for 5 years while attending McGill University. I love Canada and actually believe it to be a far more well balanced and sound country (albeit a little conservative) than the US. While I lived here I came to realize that there are certain people who really can't stand Americans; mostly due to our foreign policies. So there is some discrimination in this town. But discrimination like this I have never experienced before, so I write this warning so that hopefully no one will have to feel as demoralized as we felt leaving this restaurant.We ended up at one of my old haunts, L'Entrecote St. Jean on Peel, which was delicious. Go there instead!
5	If money was less of a concern, and TSA promised not to fondle me at DCA, I'd fly to Montreal every weekend for this place. The French Canadians get some bad rep for being, well, the things they chose to be. But this one restaurant in itself, and everything yummy as fuck listed on their little paper menus, redeems every nasty slur, every pompous comment, and every smelly elevator ride.The food here is some of the best I've ever had. It's not simple, it's rather complex, and loud. They have a way of making the flavours step out. Think about this for a second, large Montreal clams in a thick cheesy white beer sauce! It's clams + cheese + hoegaarden beer. The duck is great, and since you're at a restaurant called au pied du cochon, I'd recommend some pork for the main course. You will enjoy the dessert twice, once when you eat it and the second (reminiscing in bed.Granted, they turned me away the last time I visited Montreal in an annoying French Canadian accent (Monsieur, no reservation -no entry), but this time around I made reservations well in advance, showed up on time in a nice shirt - still waiting, half an hour, but eventually got in.
4	One of the best restaurants in MontrealThe Halibut was to die for, their wine menu was remarkable and the waiter gave us a detailed description of every item in the menu.I will miss Montreal just because of this place.
5	Dear Myles P,It is obvious that you have no clue how restaurants operate. While I understand being pissed that you were left standing in the rain, that would irk me as well. What I cant stand is customers like you who assume just because you see empty tables that you are entitled to one. Let me explain how a reservation system works... Most busy restaurants seat an earling seating and a late seating. For my restaurant we take reservations from 6:00 to 7:00 and then again from 8:30 to 9:15. The restaurant then does its best to spread those early reservations evenly across those early seating times... 6:00, 6:15, 6:30, 6:45 and 7:00. Now, you might decide to arrive at 5:45 (our hours are clearly stated and we are rushing to finish last minute details before we open, but that is ok please let yourself right in) You might think 'Hey I deserve a table I'm the first one here!' well on a busy night every fucking seat I have is reserved for someone elses ass...not yours. And if you bitch and moan it is just going to make me hate you more...because I am protecting my customers who secured their reservation sometimes weeks in advance and I'm not going to fuck up their reservations because you are a dumbass and think you can walk right in and have whatever table you want on a friday night. What will get you a table..."Hi I am so sorry I'm early, I realize you guys are still setting up and I apologize for getting in the way. We don't have a reservation but is there any way if we hang out at the bar for a while and you have anything open up maybe we could be sat for dinner?"If you act like that I will do my absolute best to give you the fist table that opens up from a cancellation or a no show. And If I do get you a table a thank you and maybe even a small tip would be a very nice show of gratitude for going out of my way to try and accommodating you.
3	Not sure what the rave was about.. or maybe we ordered all the wrong things. Regardless, we ordered:- the tongue- the sausage- french onion soup- duck in a canThe tongue and sausage tasted super pickled to me.. but the tongue's meat itself was really good. I LOVEEEE French onion soup but this one was way too salty ( I don't really like salt). It was good but too much cheese/salt.Next, the Duck in a Can was nothing special. The portion of the meat I got was really tough and dry. It looks like someone puked the food out onto a plate... although, the can concept is cool so perhaps it's a novelty thing.Either way- won't be returning most likely.
4	Much like prom night as a teen boy, Au pied is one of those things you fantasize about long before you ever experience it. Also much like prom night, it ends up being a bit of a let down. Not because you built it up so much in your head that it couldn't possibly measure up, but because no matter how good an effort is made, it'll still end up awkward.I wanted to love Au pied, I really did. The space was very cool, the setting intimate and service exemplary. The food, however, felt like it was trying hard... too hard... to be different. I can appreciate a chef taking chances, or making their own way, but dinner here was more like being a guinea pig in a mad scientist's experiment than it was being along for a culinary journey with a genius. Black bean sauce on a seafood platter? Ehh, not feeling it.Make no mistake, everything was good. They are doing some interesting things with quality ingredients and for the most part, they're successful. What they aren't doing is blowing me away with every course... or even really convincing me that I have to go back. In a city that kicks most other cities' asses in the food department, there are better options.As a side note, we did get to see what I'm convinced is the largest lobster to ever be captured. It was ordered by a table next to us, had to be carried by two men on a large wooden platter and was clearly inspiration for a few sci-fi flicks. Think I'm full of ish? Check the pic below. See? Massive! (That's what she said.)Super mutant lobster: http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/cKdox2gt3L1Dbb7MpOPdWg?select=V6jWNIwBBnP7NR0Q7_VP_A
3	We came here because M. Wells is one of my favorite restaurants. Their owner was a big chef at PDC, and we wanted to see his roots. Our meal was great, even impeccable, everything a NYT writer would love. But there is great food everywhere, and the things that I appreciate are something else. To me, it's too polished, too organized - not organic. The staff is nearly scripted, and I feel like I'm bustled in, told to relax, then when I leave, I'm said goodbye friendly enough, but the staff doesn't have any reflection on their diners' experiences. I'm trying not to be full of myself, but I guess it just feels too formulaic. I don't eat somewhere to have the greatest tastes I've ever had, I'm here for an experience. I'm swooned by other things than just veritably delectable food. Part of why I loved Montreal so much was that they didn't have as much of a lower class of individuals in the kitchens. It seemed like many of the cooks were actually owners, or at least involved members of the restaurant as a community. I'm not the type of person to appreciate celebrity chefs, or feel lucky when they actually make an appearance to grace their plates with your hands, so maybe I'm not their intended clientele - but that's what it feels like here. And I have no idea if the famous owner actually graced our plates or not - that might be my gripe. We were rushed to our table, sat gazing in each others eyes, ate some delicious food, then rushed out. There is certainly something more, and I have a feeling they once had it, but the tourism and Television followers have a tendency to do this to a place. There are many other restaurants way funkier, and have more fun with cooking, with just as much passion and pride.  They probably don't use foie gras as much, but who really gives a fuck? You can read about them in my other reviews.
3	We have mixed feelings about this place.  Called long d
5	you gotta love a place where you can walk by and not know what you could be missing out.. there are no signs that point to you this place.. just a packed house of hungry patrons.. we came here and engorged ourselves with food.. we started off with the pickled tongue and the roast piglet.. the tongue was refreshingly light for a pork dish and a great way to start the meal.. the roast piglet was really tender but could have been seasoned a bit better or have a better dipping sauce.. nevertheless it was delicious.. for our entress.. we shared the stuff pied de cochon with foie gras as well as an order of blood sausage.. the pig's feet were really really heavy and hearty.. we used the gravy and slathered it over the duck fat fries and it was heavenly fattiness.. as for the blood sausage.. it was rich as well and velvety smooth.. and if i dare say.. better than the pig's feet.. it was well seasoned and paired nicely with the apples.. for dessert... we got the poached pear.. which was good.. oh yeah.. i just found out anthony bourdain featured this place on his show no reservations.. i guess i shouldn't be surprised
4	Excellent ambiance. Make a reservation if you want a seat. Sat at the bar where the bartender (Vincent) was extremely friendly. Recommended two great wines to go with the Fois Gras (had it seared). The fois gras sauce was a bit much but still great. Also had the Duck in a Can which was excellent. I'll definitely visit this place again. If you're in the greater Montreal area, I recommend you check out these other places: http://bit.ly/pFQdbi
4	The food was pretty good, I forget the name of the appetizer we had, but my duck fat fries and Duck Magret in Mushroom Sauce  was really yummy, The meat was tender and juicy, and the flavors really superb too. We finished the dinner off with french vanilla ice cream :) The ambiance and the service were great too. The place is definitely a must-try
4	One of the best restaurants in Montreal... Best pan seared foie gras I have had anywhere.
4	Considering we could only get reviews at 11pm on Sunday evening.. Our evening was already going to be ..different.  I work for Food Network and I could not pass up a chance to eat here. Plus, Derek Bocking of Top Chef Canada fame was sitting nearby. Martin, not there at the time.. alas.The first thing to note is that they hoarded the English speakers to the front. This is understandable, so the waitress could speak to us all, but she chose to do so.. in an interesting way. She would address us, along with the two tables on either side simultaneously. Interesting approach. The washroom is unmarked, I needed help to find, and the floor was SLICK with grease. A friend we made in line wiped out the second he walked in. Oh, also the air reaks of rendering pig fat.. but if you can make it past all of this.. there is the food. the SO and I, having waited to 11pm to eat dinner, were famished and over ordered. The smoked sausage starter was really outstanding. I am German and well versed on smoked sausage. It was sour, and perfect. I enjoyed the French onion soup which was mostly bubbling cheese (yum) and a delicious rosemary infused broth. There were chunks fo pork in it which I found detracted from the soup. Still, really good. Special tuna "handroll" with chopped tuna, nori, rice, fish eggs and quail egg. Ridiculous. Best handroll I have ever had. My main was a special, a tuna with eggplant and tomato. It was really good, albiet slightly overcooked. The SO had a pot of various pig bits on mashed potato. he liked it other than the blood sausage which he found only ok (although just recently back from a Blood fueled fiesta in Germany) We were too full to finish and unable to at 1am. The two mains were amazing fresh form the hotel room fridge the next morning.Wine was good, beer selection ok. We had a good meal. Kinda pricey, keep that in mind. And reservations... book early.
5	My boyfriend and I were in Montreal for Labor Day weekend.  We had actually decided on another spot for our "big fancy" dinner out but as it turns out, that restaurant was closed on Sunday nights.  As this place was also highly recommended to us, we trekked there.  Of course, halfway through the fifteen minute walk it starts torrentially pouring.  So when we arrived we're pretty sopping wet and just ready to have a drink (but still in good enough spirits).  The look on the hostess's face when we said we didn't have reservation was priceless: this was certainly not a place to just pop into.  She did take pity on us though, and when a reservation at the bar was late she let us take the spot.  The bartenders that waited on us were incredibly nice and helpful in our selections ---even going so far to suggest we cut down our orders since our appetizers and such were larger and heavier than we were expecting.  My boyfriend and I split the ever-famous duck in a can and it was just as amazing as the hype would lead you to believe.  Definitely easy to split between two people, and we still didn't finish it after splitting an appetizer and separate first courses.  (I'm a big fan of beef tartare and they have an amazing rendition of it) It is pricey but worth every dime.  Great neighborhood as well for walking around and shopping.
4	Whenever I go on a trip with 2 of my homegirls, with one of them and I being Yelpers, we tend to do our research on where to eat prior to going. When we planned for Montreal, we looked at the most Yelped place and Au Pied De Cochon was it. With 200+ reviews and close to a perfect 5 star rating, we knew if we did even just one dinner, it had to be here. My girlfriend called right away to see if we could get a reservation since it was a couple weeks away from our trip. We got lucky! They had a reservation for the Friday we were getting in, but it was for 11 PM and we didn't care! We arrived about a half hour early to our reservation hoping they would seat us early, but they were so busy that they made us wait till 11 PM. The place has a very laid back atmosphere to it and the lighting is dim. Being that we were having such a late dinner after hours of exploring Montreal we were starved and ended up ordering a feast. From the Yelp reviews, we already knew we had to order the Duck in a Can ($43). When our waitress told us the specials, 2 things that stood out were the Clams in White Sauce and the Pigeon. We ordered those as well as a side order of Fries cooked in Duck Fat ($4.75). The Clams came out first followed up the Pigeon and Duck in a Can. We noticed into our meal that our fries hadn't come out yet and reminded the waitress who was very apologetic. Because I guess she forgot, the fries were on the house. Everything was delicious. The Clams were very fresh and the sauce it was in was soooo good. We were using the bread they gave us to sop up every single bit!  It was my first time having Pigeon and it was different. I was expecting it to taste like chicken but it didn't. Wasn't bad, but wasn't my favorite either. The texture and taste were def different than chicken. The dish came with some vegetables. My girlfriends seemed to enjoy it so maybe it was just me. The presentation of the Duck in a can is cool. They bring out the can and open it at your table. Our waiter told us each can that is served was cooked about an hour earlier and then stuffed into the can and sealed. The can contains  1/2 Magret Duck, Foie Gras, Demi Glaze, Buttered Cabbage,  1/2 head of Roasted Garlic, and 2 Branches of Thyme. This was good but VERY rich. I loved the Foie. I'm glad that we had the Fries because I needed a different taste, something bland, which helped to balance these very rich dishes. Our waitress was great throughout the whole night. When we asked her where would be best to catch a cab, she called one for us. Great service!
4	The craziest thing that comes to my mind is my peaceful digestion after such a heavy meal. Now let's talk. I see PDC as a highly focused and high-end meat experience with no equivalent. The meat choice is impressively diverse and the risks taken by the cuisine are commendable. Indeed, I found some interesting combinations of French, Spanish and Northern American influences in the dishes and preparations. Above all, PDC also stands on its own as it reveals how complex and subtle heavier meats can be in terms of tastes and preparation. It will take you more than a visit to get accustomed to the opulence of the menu. But so far and for two, I'd recommend:- the Accra de morue: those of you who are familiar with these will understand how perfect they are;- the Foie gras poutine (I actually came with this dish in mind as it sounds cleverly insolent ) as an appetizer;- the Potee du PDC with its selection of different meat laying in an authentic Aligot (Southwestern French specialty made of cheese and puree).Service is the main flaw I would highlight: the manager suffers from excessive pendanticivitis and the waiter have some surprising preconditions for Alzheimer's disease.
5	This place is awesome!  Need a reservation weeks in advance, well worth it!  If you don't try the poutine au foie gras you are not doing yourself any favours!  It's crazy delicious.  I've also eaten the special of the day a couple times...trust this chef, he's good!!
5	We ate here during a visit to Montreal this summer (August). Hating rejection, I e-mailed a week or so in advance for a reservation, and they phoned me back to confirm. After a day of hoofing it around the city, we walked right past this place twice since it doesn't have a sign. However, upon calling them for help we found it right there in plain sight. We were seated promptly and then sat there forsaken and forlorn for about ten minutes, my pet peeve. The reason for this was apparently that there was just one waitress for the front seating area and she took all the time needed to explain dishes and answer questions for each table, hence the wait. (Some self-absorbed diners love to inordinately monopolize servers with their inane queries instead of using the internet.) Anyhow, if you did your five minutes of homework, you know to order: pork and foie gras. We started with the delicious fried zucchini blossoms and a simple salad, then on to the stuffed pig's foot with foie. It was awesome, and awesomely rich. My wife, who is near-vegetarian, threw herself with gusto into disassembling this earthy, collagen-laden treat, served atop mashed potatoes, cooked vegetables and a thick demi-gravy. Whatever magical treatment they did there was absolutely no stink of cochon associated with this trotter, only yummy goodness. Yes, we did finish it, but there was no room for dessert. We had a French red the details of which now escape me. The place is pretty loud and tightly packed. I wouldn't call it comfortable, more down-to-the-business-of-eating, a money mill. A table of Asian tourists nearby provided diversion in the form of ordering and photographing endlessly an entire pig's head (served with a lobster as crown). Wish I had room for more!
5	My favorite restaurant in North America. Every time we've been there we've been treated well and fed better. From the fois gras poutine to the duck in a can, and everything else, it's just cool.  And if you're lucky, Chef Picard will be there. It's fun to watch him work.
5	Best foie gras dishes you'll find anywhere. If you're in montreal, don't miss this place.
5	Even Alan Richman has good words for this place so I consider this a must-try restaurant in Montreal. Our friends here told us how heavenly it is but also warned us it could be overly rich. We however, went against the advice and ordered a whole table of entrees with great ambition to conquer them all. We started with the cod fish fritters to share. It somehow tasted like Chinese fish paste deep fried. The cod fish is grounded up with seasoning so it is nothing like a fish n chip if that is what you were thinking. It is crispy and tasty. Then we proceeded with PCD Crispy salad and it comes with a few lettuce but is laden with fried cartilage and crispy pork meat. The flavor and most importantly, fat makes the dish undeniable and delicious. We swept the whole dish within minutes. We also got an order of Bison Tongue and that is definitely the most delicious tongue I have ever encountered. I know tongue sounds frightening but in reality it is so tender and it soaked up all the sauces. We declared it a must try here. Here, we arrived at the most important moment of our meal at PCD. We patiently awaited the duck in a can. Then, the waiter brought us the famous can with cooked duck, gravy and fois gras over bed of bread and cheese. We watched him open the can and pour the wonder over the plate and we were astonished in awe. It was truly a magic plate. The duck breast was so tender and flavorful. The bread was soaked in the gravy within seconds and cheese melted to add more flavor. I had one piece and then another. Then, the 2nd entree arrived, the glorious "Pied De Cochon", aka pig knuckles or pig feet so to speak. Chinese love pig knuckles so I was excited to see how they prepare this dish. To my surprise, when the dish arrived I could not even see them. They were buried deeply underneath tons of cheese gravy sauce. The best part about pig knuckle is actually the skin and they cooked it right alright. It was chewy and tender at the same time. The meat is so tender and about to fall aprt. The sauce makes the dish so rich and delicious I think I reached my cholestrol capacity after two bites. I started to regret there is another entree coming. My stomach is already protesting. So we still have the blood sausage boutin tart left. I know we won't even be able to finish them all. Then the dish arrived with pikes of cut blood sausage with again gravy on top of a buttery crust. I managed to try a small slice and declared I am done for the night. It was very good but I was not a big fan of blood sausage. But everyone really enjoyed the dish as well. I think for 4 people, 2 entrees will be plenty to share along with the appetizers. I will not be able to return for a long while so my stomach could get detox.
5	Oh! shall I count the ways I love thee Au PDC.1. The Foie gras poutine - yes we had to try it, yes it was perfect, yes, no other poutine will ever compare now.2. The duck fat fried fries - yummy... why not add carbs to a caloric overloaded meal. Why not harp on about dieting for 2 weeks before coming to Montreal just to come to PDC. I love thee pomme frittes.3.  Pied De Cochon - of course we had to try the signature dish, or is that foe gras? Does it matter? The PDC had not only the pig foot but Foie gras as well. It was an experience and not bad at all. 4. The Duck in a Can - Ha!! We had to try it... the sauce was sublime, the duck tender and the Foie gras excellent. We overindulged, we sinned, and it was a beautiful thing. I wanted to walk back to the hotel many miles away, but could not.I don't normally follow Bourdain, but I can empathize with him over Au pied de cochon. Chef Picard almost killed me, and it would have been the perfect way to go.
3	A) You need reservations hereB) You need to like Foie GrasC) Portions are big...you need less food then you thinkD) The Bison Ribs were tasty...but...not as tender as they should have been and ENORMOUSNESS
5	OKAY, so you've arrived via the most un-necessarily large airport in North America and that is Montreal's Pierre Trudeau International Airport. Once you finally arrive downtown to the beautiful city of Montreal, it's a must to have French food. We were staying at the Westin Montreal which is my go to hotel and around the corner, was Au PDS. Here's how it went down...Food:+ Cromesquis de foie gras. $3.50. It was succulent, sauteed and done well. Paired fantastically with our Bordeaux.+ Carpaccio de Canard. $13. Lovely, fantastic and amazing. That's all I have to tell you, order it. DUCK. YES.+ Deer Ribs. $28. OMG YES!!!!! hahahah I love deer and all deer related products. GO FOR IT.+ Chocolate Molten cake. $7. It was done in a ramekin, the way it should be and it was done very well. Firm yet moist on the outside, soft gooey and warm on the inside. Once you cut in to it, it kinda' fell apart. HAHHHAHA!!! LOVED IT!!!Service:- The service was a bit quirky. It's not the level of service I'd expect in a French restaurant and although it wasn't that busy, it was still tough to track servers down let alone our own.Overall? I'd go back especially since it's walking distance from the hotel and it was a pretty good restaurant with ample seating and was cozy.THIS has been a review by Gaurav
5	I'll return to Montreal for a few reasons...pain au chocolat, suger pie, poutine...but the most important one is: au pied de cochon.  And yes, returning to Montreal would require flying across the country from LA to have a wonderful meal, yummy wine, and scrumptious dessert.  It was good...really good.  foie gras yumminess, steak frites delishness and wonderful dessert ...sidenote: I never try to drink wine from california when i'm not at home...but a recommendation from a delightful waiter topped off my meal with a great glass of wine.  sigh...I want to go back!
5	3rd french food experience I've had one of my favorites;) I went with my husband and his cousin & we ordered WAY TOO MUCH FOOD! But we wanted to try like EVERYTHING. lol. Everything is served in massive quantities unless its under the "bite" section though. I ordered the beef rib for my entree since I had duck/pick in various other parts of my meal. Awesome choice. Biggest piece of meat I've ever seen:) I loved it. Sauce on top was significiant & had a kick of spiciness too it too:) Side of fries were great too. My other favorite was pork with a tuna sauce on it-sounds weird but amazing & the $40 dollar vegetable plate- huge! Seasonal/beautifully displayed vegetables tempurar(ed)/raw/or cooked-including my favorites Zucchini blossoms & mushrooms/onions. Served on the plate was one dipping sauce that was to die for. I also tried my husbands "melting pot" & cousin's foie gras & pancake with a maple sauce over it & he also had ordered a maple "homeless pudding" which I helped him indulge in. I couldn't put my spoon down. (Even though it was very rich & I was very full-- it didn't matter) :) A great evening, we got to see everything come out since we sat at the bar looking towards the kitchen & everything that was served looked amazing going out. Definitely will be back if we make it to Montreal again :)
4	I was so excited to finally be able to step foot into this place. Coming in without a reservation was a huge mistake, the night was packed and the maitre'd asked us if we like to reserve a table for the next night. Disappointed, we made the reservations anyways.The next night when we arrived, the restaurant was as packed as the night before. We got seated instantly. My boyfriend and I pretty knew what we would like and when we finally tried to place our order of the Pig's Head for Two, the waiter told us they were out. We were shocked and I can see from the boyfriend's eyes that he was disappointed. But the waiter made an effort to put "something" together for us in place of the Pig's Head. We had an appetizer platter which was amazing since it consist of tongue, pate, terrine, sausage, pickled egg, and some toast. Next, I had ordered the Bison Tongue, which was absolutely phenominal (and I don't use that word often). The tongue was so tender and soft, literally just melts in your mouth without biting and usually tongue are a bit tougher. We were told to order the Foie Gras Cromesquis, little balls of goodness. You pop the entire ball in your mouth and just let the ooey goodness fill every crevis and corner of your mouth.Our entree finally came, I thought we would have a problem finishing it since it did consist of a lot of thing, but once again the boyfriend proved me wrong. The dish that had quail, ribs, pork, belly, foie gras, duck, tongue and various vegetables made us content. A dish that was off the menu and clearly assemble out of the blue, but served its purpose.I would love to come back for the Pig's Head sometime soon. Note to self: reserve the Pig's Head.
5	This place is not for the faint of heart. I don't come here to grab a bite, it is a place where I really want to make sure I haven't eaten lunch by dinnertime. This place is completely meat oriented where even vegetables are meaty.I almost always choose to sit at the bar and order something with foie gras. Foie gras isn't something I eat often, but I always enjoy a well prepared piece and au Pied Cochon is one of the best places to experience this controversial product prepared to perfection.Au Pied de Cochon offers much more than foie gras and one of my favorite is the canard en conserve. It is a duck. Cooked in a can. The can is opened in front of you and everything duck falls gently onto your plate. This is a huge meal. Easily can feed 2 people, but I rarely share. Unless my BF orders the pied de cochon a la PDC, he ain't getting a bite.Another plate I would highly recommend is the boudin. It's beautiful! Martin Picard is the essence of nose to tail cooking here in Montreal, and I absolutely admire that about his restaurant and his cooking. It's one thing to love meat, it is another thing to truly respect everything about being a meat eater.
4	SUMMARY:  This place is a definite 4. The chefs are skillful and the flavours are rich.  Knowing that I might never visit this restaurant again, my companion and I ordered everything that piqued our interest based on numerous Yelp reviews, i.e., Foie Gras Poutine, Crispy Salad, Bison Tongue, Duck in a Can and Pied Du Cochon.  That's a lot of food for only 2 people - but we paced ourselves and packed up part of our appetizers.  As we were waiting for our mains, we glimpsed some bone marrow in the open kitchen and discovered it was not listed on the menu.  My companion just had to try it, so we ordered it and it turned out to be a real highlight of the evening!  There were some delicious mushrooms on top of the marrow, and I believe there was some sake in the marrow.I hate to say it, but the appetizers were the best part of the meal.  The Duck in a Can, though an interesting novelty, was rather salty and the meat seemed overly cured.  Also, after eating Foie Gras with the poutine as well as eating the bone marrow, our stomachs were probably significantly dulled by the amount of fat we'd already ingested.  The Pied Du Cochon had an interesting flavour, the meat was tender, the cabbage(?) was smoky and slightly sweet and sour.  The skin really melted in my mouth, but by then I didn't want food that melted in my mouth.  The saving grace was the virgin mojito with fresh mint and raspberries that tempered the flavours of the meal.  We left with a significant amount of leftovers (I think we only took 5 bites of the Pied Du Cochon, which was huge)...and then gave it to a homeless person who seemed very appreciative to receive our leftovers (though he probably had no idea how much the meal inside the bag was worth!).I think Foie Gras Poutine already has mythic status in foodie circles, hence, this visit was worth it for the experience.   If I were to go there again (maybe after a few years of burning off these calories), I would probably stick with ordering a few appetizers with a mojito.  There's only so much fat one can eat in one sitting...
5	Most absurdly decadent meal I've ever eaten, and totally delicious. The beet salad (I know it's a really silly thing to focus on, considering) is beautiful and unique and looks like cake. I was actually surprised to find that it's totally reasonably priced. The portions are huge and everything is so rich, you can easily share an appetizer and an entree between two people and still slip into contented food comas.There is so much fat and grease and foie gras juice flying around this place that the floors are slippery and a little treacherous. It's totally glorious.
3	I'm torn between three (Blasphemous, I know) and four stars.I reserved 2 weeks in advance, and the only available reservation for two was around 10 pm, which was fine - it gave us time to build our appetites for the much anticipated meal. :)We were quickly seated, and ordered our wine. We had the tarte aux tomates as an entree, which was absolutely delicious. The pastry was crispy and buttery, the cheese was nicely broiled and tomato flavour really pops.  I had the duck magret with mushrooms.  The first bite was a burst of flavour. The broth/sauce was concentrated and rich. After a few bites though, it quickly became way too much fat and salt. I just couldn't eat any more (hence the three stars). My boyfriend had the foie gras poutine and loved every second of it.  I'm a grease wimp, and don't care for foie gras.Service was pleasant (the bus boy was very sorry to have dropped a dirty knife on my boyfriend.. oops! it happens). The atmosphere is vibrant and lively. All in all, the food is good, just too rich and fatty for my taste.
5	Au Pied de Cochon was recommended to me by a friend and who must really like me because this place was amazing.Let me begin by saying that I've never heard of APdC before my trip to Montreal and I attempted to "walk in" on a Sunday night.  Don't do what I did, it was stupid.  Make a reservation.  The wait at 8:30 on a Sunday was 2 and a half hours, not knowing where else to eat, I put my name and number on the list and went for a drive.  The Hostess called a half hour later and said some seats opened up at the bar and I hurried back.  The restaurant has a glass windowed front dinning area, seats at the bar/kitchen in the middle and more seating in the back.  I'd suggest sitting at the bar if you can, that way you can watch the cooks at work.The menu is in French but most, if not all, of the waitstaff can speak English and are very helpful.  The menu is broken down between apps, foie gras, entrees, and an assortment of meat dishes by category (poultry, pig, bison or deer).  Not knowing French, I opted for the dish named after the restaurant but we'll get back to that.APdC is known for their foie gras as is the rest of Montreal but the thing to order is the Poutine au foie gras.  It's like an order of cheesy fries, but the cheese is foie gras.  It will blow your mind.  Also good, are the Cromesquis de foie gras which are fried balls of foie gras that you eat in one bite and explode in your mouth.Back to the entree - I ordered au pied de cochon and it was delicious.  It tasted like the dark meat of a turkey but so moist and fatty and this review just got dirty.  The fact is, I had no idea that what i was eating was pig's feet and had I known what it was, I might not of but it was damn good and would recommend it.  It did come with mash potatoes as a side that were okay but the meat was the winner.  They finish the feet in the oven so the succulent meat is encased in crispy, fatty skin. YUM!No room for dessert but I did have the namesake's beer which was a nice and light beer to accompany the meal.  This is a must go, if you are in Montreal for any period of time.  Parking is on the street and be sure to note the address.  I drove past the simple facade twice before I noticed the Pig above the entrance.Note: APdC is not open on Mondays as I found out when wanting to go back for seconds. Enjoy!
5	I went back this holiday, my husband says it will be a holiday tradition, this time we ordered an entire pig head, it was epic, my husband was in meat haven. And I forgot how amazing the pecan pie is, best pecan pie ever! Even after having an insanely heavy meal, I couldn't stop eating the pie. I think we needed to be rolled out to our car.
4	Alright - the only reason why I visited this joint was because the awesome segment Bourdain did on the restaurant.  This place caters to the glutton and I most certainly am one.  And hey, I just love absurd excess.  This is 'Watch The Throne' in restaurant form -- Audemars, Maybachs, Margiela and au Pied de Cochon.And I was prepared for this dinner - my tablemate is a nurse so that should increase my survivability in case of the likely heart attack.  This joint is Epic Meal Time... in a fancy wrapper.Being my only visit, I went for the marquee items -- the foie gras poutine and the duck-in-a-can.  And in case it wasn't clear -- this place is not for vegetarians (which my dining partner was) -- so we also ordered the only non-meat items on the menu: beet & goat cheese salad, tomato tarlet, and... yea... that was it.The foie gras poutine was sublime.  And it's not a case of just dumping crazy-ass expensive foie gras on some fries and calling it a day.  Duck fat fries and some impossibly rich and smooth gravy are what really makes this poutine stand out.  Bar none - best poutine I've ever had.  Must order.The duck-in-a-can (1/2 duck, 100g of foie gras, balsamic demi glaze, buttered cabbage, 1/2 roasted garlic and thyme) is gimmicky as hell with a slick table presentation (http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vcwegqzsXoM).  The duck was moist and again - rich and decadent beyond belief.  But honestly, I was hitting the wall after downing the poutine.  Even for a fat bastard like me - the fat and salt intake was starting to overwhelm me.  I didn't get a heart attack - but I could sense the on set of gout.The tomato tartlet and beet & goat cheese salad were pretty solid from what I sampled, but to be honest - I felt bad devouring down sinfully rich and delicious dead animals while my tablemate watched on tried to enjoy the salads.  My shit-eating grin from ear-to-ear and my eyes rolling back probably reinforced the fact: "You don't make friends with salad".Finally, the creme brulee is burned high so it's really charred - they did warn us about this beforehand but heed the warning as it's not to everyone's taste.Service was flawless even though they did tease us with some of the specials: "[Naming off something that sounds light and vegetarian]... which we then stuff with bacon/foie gras/duck."  And the washrooms are trippy - the little TVs showing slightly off-putting scenes of woodland hunting.Hate to do it, but it falls just short of 5-stars for me due to lack of vegetarian options.  I know, I know - this is not the point of the restaurant at all.  But come on, this is the first time I've gone to a high-end restaurant that didn't at least *try* to offer some decent non-carnivore entrees.  Some balance to the fat and salt-heavy items won't have hurt at all.But overall - a great dining experience and I would recommend rolling in heavy with a deep group of carnivores to chop up the pig's head and stuffed pig's leg with foie gras (which looked amazing on the other tables).  I would heavily recommend predialling "91" on your phone to save yourself those precious milliseconds for the inevitable cardiac arrest.
5	This place made going to Montreal during Winter totally worth it! 1. Make reservations! Even with reservations, it's still a 30 minute wait. It's small and people take their time enjoying the food and atmosphere2. My favorite dish was the foie gras terrine...I am a sucker for some fatty spread on delicious bread!3. Order any variety of tongue they have (pickled etc)...for a shocking $4 dollars it's a pretty big serving size and tastes absolutely delicious!4. Duck in can...I was shocked when they literally brought the can out and poured out the duck and liver. This is a VERY rich dish and I suggest you splitting everything so you get a little bit of everything. This was so delicious I am drooling thinking about it!5. Skip the desserts...totally not worth it but everything else was so good I'll forgive them for this mistake!The person next to us ordered the pigs head...it was totally lord of the flies style with a knife through the pigs head. Served with oysters and mashed potatoes, I could not stop staring at the two guys tearing into this head.
4	Every once in awhile, you're lucky enough to come across a meal that you'll remember for the rest of your life. It's not necessarily because you would want to eat that meal again and again in the future. It's just that the meal was completely different from any previous meal you had ever eaten.  In the case of Au Pied de Cochon, I don't think I've ever eaten a more decadent, rich, fatty, and hearty meal in my life. You'll notice a certain common theme based on the list of key ingredients in the dishes that my friends and I shared: foie gras, bacon, boudin, and flaky crust. Having visited Montreal in late December when the weather is beyond frigid and the wind beyond bitter, I understand the genius and madness behind APDC: their food warms/insulates your body with the fattiest parts of other animals. Let's begin with the cromesquis de foie gras, it's basically a small bite: 2 quarter-sized puff pastries with hot foie gras liquid in the center. Arguably, it was the best bite of the night. Decadent yet light and an amazing way to begin the meal. They come 2 to an order and among the 3 of us, we had 3 orders.Then there's the much hyped foie gras poutine. It will be possibly the richest, fattiest, most decadent food you will ever eat in your life. One word describes it best: damn. Damn, it's good. Fries covered in an addictive foie gras based gravy, topped with cheese curds and 2 sizable slabs of foie gras. It sounds like suicide but amazingly, it works. Plus you can sop up the leftover gravy with multiple refills of crusty bread. At this point, our stomachs were feeling it but we trucked on and split the also-hyped duck in a can and the boudin tart. As others have said, the duck in a can, presentation-wise, really does match the hype. It was awesome just watching the server open the can and extract a huge piece of duck breast with bacon, cabbage, and carrots in an earthy sauce onto a plate of cauliflower puree. The duck was cooked perfectly and was tender and juicy, and the vegetables gave it some much-needed flavor and textural contrast.  The boudin tart was also a unique, over-the-top dish with the incredible, almost mineral-y flavor of the boudin and a flaky, buttery crust. However, at a certain point while eating these dishes, I crossed my threshold for excess. Perhaps it had something to do with the dishes naturally getting colder as the eating went on. But, once that threshold was crossed, I was DONE. I realized there was a limit to the madness. Despite this overload, the saying "there's always room for dessert" rang true. We went against our best judgment and split the chocolate pot de creme. Served in a jar with a thick chocolate mousse on the bottom, whipped cream in the middle and little crunchies on top, the chocolatey dessert was irrationally a welcome break from the onslaught of duck and pork we had undergone. It was a fitting way to end a meal that will give me dreams/nightmares through the rest of my life. For those coming from out of town, I'd highly recommend making a reservation as we made one 3 weeks prior for a wednesday night and it was packed. Also, plan some sort of physical activity for the next morning/afternoon: you will need it.
5	HOLY COW!!... i mean pig!  If you love any part of a pig including the head, make sure you make early reservation to this place.  The foie gras poutine was so decadent but so good!! Pickled tongue...sounds strange but don't knock it til you try it.  Worthy entrees include duck in a can, the pork shoulder and the stuffed pig's foot! No vegetables served at this establishment...
4	I loved this place.  Totally unpretentious, even if you don't speak French.  I sat at the bar and watched the kitchen work it.  I had the vinegar tongue as a starter, just to try it.  It was okay; I've had my quota.  Next I had the beet and goat cheese salad.  I've had this salad at a few places, and I usually love it.  No exception here, and it was a nice complement to the tongue.  Then I had the foie gras terrine with black truffles.  So good!  If not for my greediness wanting dessert, I would have finished that last quarter.  Dessert: oven baked apple.  I did finish that.  Add a glass of wine and some tea, and it was a nice dining experience where I could wear jeans and just enjoy myself.
5	Holy god.Waited half an hour with our reservation. Annoying that we had to stand in the tiny hallway up against a whole lot of strangers and people trying to get in and out of the restaurant.After that -Duck in a Can!Foie Gras on Poutine!Pot o' Meat!DAMN good. So rich. So delicious.  SO MUCH FOOD!Presentation was an awesome experience.I ate one dinner in Montreal and was so glad it was this one?
5	If I could eat here every single day, I would.  Fortunately for my cholesterol, home is in a different, albeit neighboring, country.  The poutine au foie gras is amazing!  And who doesn't love the duck in a can?  The meat was just so tender, flavorful, and succulent with a rich, earthy flavor.  And did I mention that it is served with a cauliflower puree?  I love cauliflower and it is so rare to see it in restaurants.  Anyhow, this was easily one of the best meals of the trip.  Definitely make reservations here if you are in the area or visiting.
1	I have been here before and the food is off the hook. I emailed for a reservation a month ago. I got a response that said please call the restaurant or provide a number for your reservation. I replied with my cell number and hearing nothing assumed I was booked.  My usual trip to Montreal is a day one but  as APC is dinner only I booked a hotel for overnight.  Day of, my date was sick so I thought rather than wait till the 6pm reservation, I would just arrive when they opened and sit at the bar.  When the restaurant opened I was 3rd in line 2 in front of me 2 behind.  They could not find my reservation, and stated they do not do email reservations. Further, they stated they were completely booked and there are no walk-ins. A completely empty restaurant at 5pm and apparently no room for a lone customer who traveled 800 miles there for dinner with what I thought was a reservation.  Sometimes suceess breeds egoism, but when a restaurant looses focus on hospitality, they can easily leave you with a bad taste in your mouth. FYI I am not neophite when it comes to dining out. Check my profile.
4	If you're on the deathbed and you get one final meal, then I recommend this place. If you don't like French food or foie gras then oh wellz.Personal favorites: 1. foie gras poppers2. roast pork glazed in honey and yummy goodness3. steak with foie gras4. foie gras milkshakes (jk)Do the P90x workout before you come here because you will gain it all back. Good luck
4	My actual rating is 4.5.I don't eat pork with a few natural exceptions such as bacon and proscuitto and I don't eat fois gras, no exceptions, so what the duck am I doing here at this restaurant?  Even though we had reservations at 9:30 pm, we still had a bit of a wait; it was just long enough to build anticipation but not long enough to piss us off.  And when we were seated, they actually very politely APOLOGIZED for keeping us waiting.  Take note, Toronto restaurants!   Despite my reservations about the menu, I quickly settled on a blue cheese, apple, and endive salad to start.  It was delicious.  For my main, I had the bison tartare.  It was served wrapped like two handrolls, nori and all.  It was the very last way Iexpected my food to look at this quaint Quebecois restaurant, but it was awesome.  I think it's fair to say that everyone at our table was completely impressed with their selections too.  Yes, I think this place IS worth the hype.
3	Interesting uses of foie gras. Probably the only place in the world where you can get it on poutine! I went to this restaurant because it was hyped up by Anthony Bourdain, so my expectations were too high and I was just short of impressed. The food is extremely rich, that is what they're known for. So, if you are planing on finishing a whole plate, do write off the night! The wait staff is very professional and friendly. Call and reserve in advance. If you're against foie gras, this is the last place you want to be.
4	Rich, Rich, Rich....Insanely Rich.  But oh man is it good. If you consider water fowl your friends, don't come here.  We had the classic foie gras which was delicious.  I am kicking myself for not getting the poutine foie gras because this is probably the only place on earth you can get that combo.  We saw a lot of people get it and they told us it was great.  For entree's my wife got the happy pork chop which looks like it came out of the flinstones with an enormous bone hanging off the plate.  I tried a bite.  I would have to say it was probably the best pork cup I ever tasted in my life.  She agreed.  A t the end the bone was all that was left.    I got the Veal steak special.   It was good, I wasn't blown away because it was actually rather tough.  I had expected it to be melt in your mouth tender.  This isn't to say I didn't finish it.....next time I would probably get something different.  We had also ordered French Fires in Duck fat which the waiter thankfully forgot to bring because I don't think we would have had any room for them.   If you plan to kick off your evening here and then go out to a bar after for some more drinks, don't .  There is no after.
5	What a great dining experience. I brought a date here on Valentine's day and the place was everything I expected and more. The Bison Ribs were incredible, and the house ale couldn't have been finer. I recommend it to anybody who is in Montreal and wants to have a world-class dining experience.
4	There is a lot of hype about this restaurant. It IS one of the most famous places to dine in Montreal, and I can see why. The food is succulent, rich, and flavorful. The items on the menu would make any carnivore salivate, and perhaps any vegetarian cover their eyes and plug their nose. However, there are a few tasty salad options (and a catch of the day -  no, not me!) for those who don't get excited about tucking into a plate of pork, beef, poultry, bison, deer or foie gras "fat liver"! The atmosphere is busy, but cosy and a lil romantic. The problem is that because it is so busy and popular, the food comes out a snails pace. My friends and I waited an hour for our appetizers and another hour for our meals. If you're in great company (and you have a bottle of wine on the go), the wait time isn't all that annoying or noticeable, but I'd advise not to go on an empty stomach, unless of course you want to fill up on foie gras poutine. Oh, it exists - but only here!
1	I wasn't really impressed by the restaurant! The dishes are not balanced at all! a great chef knows how to balance the experience through multiple courses of different flavor and tones; that's the main reason of having more one course after all!At Pied de cochon they serve monotonic fatty dishes from starter to desert. there is nothing in any dishes that balance the fat with a bit of acidity. And I'm not gonna talk about health factor. Bottom line it's fancy junk food!
5	Asked the waitress to surprise us and what a treat it was.  Not sure of what was served but it was all delicious.
5	Felt like I was in a great bistro in Paris for the locals.  Not touristy at all and the wild menu items were great.  A bit out of the way, but cabbie got us there fast.  Loved the foie gras poutine for a started and bison tongue.  This was great peasant food, not for snobs, so right up our alley and this also felt like a neighborhood place, not artsy-fartsy.  Sometimes you don't need fancy to enjoy a great meal.  Everyone around us seemed happy and I'm glad we followed the hotel's advice and went early.  It is a usual old city bistro in that it is small and when it gets busy, it's really cramped.  If you want space, get out of the old city and go to something new.  This isn't for you.  Everything we had was fresh and they were receiving vegatables from a farmer while we were there, nothing wrong with that - especially if you're into local and fresh.
5	Amazingly delicious and gluttonous.We had reservations for 9 pm on a Saturday night, and we didn't have to wait at all.  Restaurant was still full and bustling.  We sat along the wall by the bar, so we got to watch the kitchen in action, which was pretty cool. Food is ridiculously good and bad for you.  But its so good that you won't even care.We ordered:-Foie Gras Cromesquis (fried balls filled with liquified foie gras.  Awesome)-Plogue Au Champlain (foie gras appetizer that will blow your mind--pancake, slice of boiled potato, canadian bacon, and melted cheddar, all topped with a large patty of seared foie gras, surrounded by maple syrup.  So.  Delicious.)-Tarragon Bison Tongue (amazing texture, cooked perfectly)-Happy Pork Chop (big, simple, and delicious)-PDC's Melting Pot (large pot filled with blood sausage, pork belly, and two other kinds of meat, sitting on top of a pile of mashed potatoes)It was all really, really good.  Go in with a ready-to-eat mindset and you won't be disappointed.  Pants with an elastic waistband might be a good idea.  Oh, also, their house beer is pretty good and refreshing with pounds and pounds of foie gras and pork.Service is good, too!  If it weren't for fears of clogged arteries we would've returned every night.My only regret is not ordering the duck in a can.  Next time!
3	Au pied de cochon is one of those "I need to go at least once" restaurants, at least on my long list... But after my experience it is not on my "done it..so?" list.Maybe it is just my luck.. or people love playing phone/email tag with me. Emails never got a phone back... Left message on their answering machine and got called back when I could not pick up phone... called back and left messages again..... When I finally spoke to a real human being, I kind of felt relieved.... as I got to go to APDC!!!We arrived on a weekday for an early dinner. I directed my friend to park right in front of the restaurant... but without any visible signage... he didn't realize this plain looking place is THE ONE.Our waiter is pleasant, really pleasant. But I got really lost and so was he when he tried to go over the "Daily Special Menu"... he kept coming back and gave us an update on the specials he has... He really believed I remembered?We ended up drinking: Griffon Rousse ($5)/Cheval Blanc ($5.75)We ended up eating:Cromesquis de Foie Gras ($3.50)- maybe I have too much expectation... I didn't get that exposing or orgasmic sensation I expect.- more like oh that it? .Cerveau de Veau + Boulettes de Viande de Veau ($14)- veal brain.. has this smooth creamy texture.. - a lot better than what I expect and though fried was not greasy at allPied de Cochon($22.00)- this dish makes me Not a fan of pork.. portion is massive but the pork is dry and jerky like.. chewy..- not much taste to it but if you are a fan of Rosemary then at least you will enjoy the sauce that came with itPoutine au Foie Gras($23.00)- Tons of Foie Gras but just a shame to have foie gras prepared that way...- the gravy being that salty imho is not complimenting the foie dedicate texture and taste...- But it is a dish to try at least onceAt least I can say I finally been to APDC. If my friends ask me if it is worth a visit, I say go at least once, experience yourself.. and you decide if it is worth your while!
5	First course was  similar to a Monte Cristi sandwich, except on brioche bread coated in maple syrup that caramelized it OMG. Next followed the whole cochon appetizer plate, four pates, head cheese, sausages, with crustinis. Fabulous is the only way to explain it. I started to feel my stomach getting full but knew I had to persevere, the main entree hadn't arrived yet. So on to the poutine, french fries, gravy, cheese and buttery foie gras. And for the final dish duck in a can. Sounds strange but it was wonderful.The service was great. Next visit to Montreal I'm ordering the pig head confit. Yes an entire head brought to the table to enjoy. Can't wait to go back.
5	As if to prove the point of my first review, the menu tonight was full on decadent done right! At first, I was thinking, because I often order many of the same items here, that I wanted us to order several appetizers instead, sharing it all and maybe, just maybe, allowing me enough tummy space to have a dessert. Alas, my BF got fixated on the ribs and my plans was shot down, sort of.Somehow, my BF convinced me, and himself, that ordering 3 appetizers and 2 mains was totally doable. It isn't. And I'm no light-weight.We ordered the Cod Fritters, the Beef Tartare and a special item for the night, Bone Marrow. The Bone Marrow was a large enough to feed a greedy pig like me, sitting in a bath of leek and potato soup, drizzle with duck fat and topped with a slice of toast, soaked in duck fat. You know, that's the idea, cut the heaviness of the cream and marrow with duck fat. The cod fritters were salty delicious, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. Dipped in house-made mayonnaise, it was pure heaven. The Tartare is something I always order, I just love it. I love the presentation and everything about it.  My main was the Monte Cristo, but I couldn't eat it, so I am having it for breakfast tomorrow morning. This, kind of, makes up for the fact that I won't be going to the PDC cabane a sucre this week as was planned. :(
4	This restaurant is very cochon! all they serve is pig meat which is good! As several people said it before me the duck in a can is a MUST!!Cheers Eric Van Nguyen
5	Second best meal of my life. had the foie gras poutine and the foie burger. Both were extremely good. The price for the quality is second to none. I also love the look of the restaurant and  the service. Our waiter was well versed in the menu and had many recommendations for food and wine pairings. Whenever in Montreal I urge you to go to this resturant.
2	I had my reservations with Au Pied de Cochon once I read the yelp! reviews.  Why, you might ask?  Well, when any restaurant has an army of cheerleaders behind it, it worries me.  While I do like a good recommendation, I often take a pause when I hear "go here or else you will never be happy again!"  Ok, I ad lib'd that part.In regards to the restaurant, we found it quite nice, and the service friendly.  However, I must agree with another reviewer that the balance of the dishes was, well, missing.For instance, the menu, by first impressions, does not leave one saying "I have to have this, and this, and this."  While an attractive menu, one does not need a fatty Entree, a fatty main, and a fatty dessert.  We did start with a course of foie gras.  While it was creamy, the taste was rather stale, and as such, we wasted about $10.00 worth because we would not eat it.  It wasn't spoiled, but it just wasn't good.We moved on to the main courses, I had the duck in mushroom sauce.  It was almost as if the chef said "no, I will not salt this dish, no matter how much it calls for salt."  It was, in a word, bland.  The duck itself was nice, but the flavors did not call out to me.For dessert, I tried the poached pear, as it was the "lightest" offering.  It was delicious, but not enough for me to remember my meal at apdc fondly. Alas, I came, I ate, and I'm not returning.
5	I have yet to be disappointed by any of the dishes I have tried at this fine restaurant. Martin Picard knows his meats and loves to experiment with his foods in a way that is sure to delight your taste buds - provided you eat pork, duck and other game meats. Just be sure to call and reserve ahead of time.
1	Just not worth it. There are so many better restaurants in Montreal.Nothing went well. We were told that No table available at reserved time, even though there were several obviously empty.  We were offer seats at the bar. I suspect that we were given these as we were from out of town. The hostess thought that I could not understand French.The waiter ignored us for 15 minutes before taking our order. She delayed entering the order so our food was further delayed. The head chef who was working the line directly in front of us apologized for the delay.Then there is the food.  Read the other reviews carefully. Heavy flavors that are totally unbalanced.1-star is awarded for the excellent wine list.Go elsewhere.
5	Let me preface this by saying that I am usually highly dissapointed by these Bourdain-hyped restaurants.  Au pied de cochon is the rare exception that did not fail.The beers, especially their namesake are awesome and very reasonably priced.  The ambiance is very casual but still nice enough to take the wife.We started with the cromesquis which were two small balls of fried foie.  Totally awesome as an amuse bouche.  We then shared the foie gras poutine which was ungodly good and the best poutine we had our entire stay in Quebec.   However, I do wish there were more fries to go along with the large portions of foie, curds, and gravy.  We ended up dipping our bread in the foie/curds/gravy to finish it off.We ordered the pied de cochon and PDC's melting pot.  The pied de cochon (pigs foot) was fantastic and was served with extremely rich and cheesy mashed potatoes.  The meat was crisp and covered in this oniony thick sauce which was a delight.  The PDC melting pot had blood sausage, regular sausage, pork chop, pork belly and was also quite nice.  Nothing to write home about, but the blood sausage and mashed potatoes were great in this dish.I remain curious about the duck in a can, but after a horrible duck experience the day before at another restaurant, we were not willing to fork out $45 for something that could be a bust.Will definitely be back to try to other menu items!
4	Definitely worth a visit if you're ever in Montreal. It's a nice looking restaurant, with a very busy feel to it. Made dinner reservations 2 weeks in advance, just to be safe. For appetizers, started out with the Cromesquis de foie gras, pork rinds, and a bone marrow dish. The cromesquis were absolutely amazing, and a great way to start off the dinner. Small cubes of deep fried foie gras that just melts in your mouth, washing your mouth over with fatty deliciousness. The pork rinds were fried deliciously, but isn't hard to mess up pork rinds. The bone marrow dish was probably my favorite, as I am a big fan of bone marrow, and this dish was crafted perfectly. It wasn't overwhelmingly rich, but the perfect amount of flavor and sauce that I soaked up with some bread.The entrees were the PDC pork cut, and the namesake stuffed pied de cochon. The pied de cochon was quite a large dish, and I would recommend not ordering it for one (unless you plan on taking it home). The PDC cut of pork was the thickest cut of pork I've ever had, and it was cooked perfectly all the way through, which I thought was an amazing feat. In terms of how it looked, it was pretty much a large cut of pork surrounded by various vegetables and rich sauce. The stuffed pied de cochon was another matter, it looked almost menacing to eat. The foie gras on top, inviting you to try and even attempt conquering the meal. It was indeed a very very rich dish, with mashed potatoes on the bottom that felt like a meal on it's own. Unfortunately my companion and I were too stuffed to even attempt desserts, so I can't comment on that. All in all though, it was a very enjoyable meal and I will definitely return to try desserts. It's not a restaurant you eat at often, only once in awhile when you get that craving for some delicious foie gras.
5	I wasn't sure if I could be gluttonous enough to fully enjoy everything I wanted to try.  I was, and it was good.  Now, 2 days later, the lingering effects are still there, reminders of a great night but cautioning against a repeat performance.Started with some great pickled tongue.  Really, really phenomenal.  My wife had foie gras and loved it not only for the taste, but the presentation.Next up was the beet/goat cheese salad.  Very rich and a large  portion.  Stacked neopolitan style.  I had waited to try the duck in a can for some time.  After ordering, I started to regret it after seeing it served to someone else.  But I decided to eat it all and the rest is history.  Moist duck with foie gras.  I really can't remember being that full.  Obviously, dessert was skipped.  The size of the pork chop my wife was given was 2" thick and the size of my outstretched hand.  She was smart enough to get the leftover packaged up to take back to the hotel.What made me go with 5/5 rather than 4/5 was the fact that Martin Picard thanked me and let me take a picture with him.  He seemed genuine and took the time to talk to folks.  You don't see that alot.
4	You either love it or hate it :)  We love it...If you're looking for fantastic French decadence in food, you've come to right place. The Look and The Feel Don't expect a quiet, subdued fine-dining experience. The ambiance is lively and jovial, especially on Saturday nights. Even though this restaurant is surprisingly small, it maintains its appeal by providing customers a warm cozy feel. The decor is mostly wooden with touches of an old cellar charm with wine bottles and recipe books lined up. On warm nights, like many restaurants in Montreal, the glass front door is stays open allowing customers a completely unobstructed view of the charming Avenue Deluth Est. The Menu The menu filled is filled with duck, pork, fois gras, duck, pork, and more fois gras :) But don't let the omnipresence of meat fool you. Yes, it is a carnivorous dream to be dining here, but they also offer a great selection of fresh Nova Scotia seafood. For those customers who are on a diet or complain of food being too rich tasting---stop reading now..... Our OrderApp: Foie Gras Cromesquis---It comes in two small balls filled with Bordeaux wine and fois gras, slightly fried and made to perfection. You just pop them in your mouth and they melt away leaving your tongue dancing for more. App: Duck carppacio--who knew raw duck with some spices and chives would taste so delicious.  This dish is served with a raw egg yolk which adds a creamy richness flavors. The french bread went perfect with this.App: Blue Cheese, Apple & Endive Salad- I told you this place is not just for carnivores. The salad was crisp, fresh, and truly memorable. Main: We ordered the signature dish--Pig's feet--and the lobster. Both were cooked to perfection and simply delicious.  I personally recommend the lobster  not the signature dish and I'll tell you why later. The lobster was succulent and cooked to perfection. I loved the fact that there was huge pieces of lobster, no shells all meat!  The pork was simply good, nothing to write home about. From start to finish, my husband and I felt guilty eating food that was so tasty. The ServiceService was friendly. The greeter was super friendly. Our waiter, on the other hand,  was mediocre. He explained to us that he used to be a master chef and seemed a little bitter to be a waiter, but overall he tried his best to be pleasant and he did a descent job at following up with us for drinks and to check on how the meal was going. Lost a PointSo here's where Au Pied de Couchon loses points for me....The waiter recommended numerous dishes but did not mention the signature dish, so we asked if the signature dish is popular. He said yes, oh yes, it's popular. What he failed to mention to us is that the signature dish is big enough to feed at least four people. We were really disappointed that this ex-master chef/server did not mention the size of the dish. I wish he would have said something along the lines of "Yes, this is our signature dish and it is very famous, but it's not very popular due to its size. There are other dishes on the menu I'm sure you would enjoy such as...." I also wished that he mentioned that the flavours are not really unique. Although the meat was tender, to me it was just a great roasted diner, no unusual flavors or presentation. It was literally a log of meat on a bed of mash potatoes with gravy--Overall ExperienceOverall we were happy with the food and dining experience. The location was great. The ambiance was cozy. The food was unique and uniquely prepared. The service was pretty good. Overall, we had a great adventure indulging in French cuisine.
5	Simply incredible.  All around amazing.  The food was magnificent and the service truly top notch.  I was amazed at how the restaurant balanced being artful and gourmet with being genuinely welcoming and fun to its patrons.Among other things we shared one of their specials for the night, pork shoulder with fiddleheads and gnocchi.  The texture and flavor were superb.  I could write about everything we ate with similar gushing adjectives, but I'll spare you.Overall, one of the best dining experiences I've ever had.
4	Our final night in Montreal was spent at APDC. All in all it was an excellent experience. It is located on a street with a bunch of restaurants- beware, it does not have a sign which adds to the charm. We started with the onion soup for me and a scallop special for him. I loved the baked cheese, I mean soup. It really was tasty. My husband liked the scallop, but he didn't love it. He wasn't raving like he sometimes does. And I think he was wanting another scallop. One is tiny. I had the duck carpaccio and poutine for a main. The duck was fabulous!  The raw egg added an extra level of complexity and flavor. The poutine was good, not knock your socks off great. He had the duck in a can which was everything he thought it would be. He loved it. We considered dessert, but didn't do it. I kinda wanted the sugar pie, but they were out. We are better for it so no complaints. The atmosphere is fun, the service ok and the food excellent. Go if you can.
1	One of the worst dining experience of my entire life.We were a group of 4 people with a reservation at 930pm, called in a month in advance. We arrive there at 915, and the hostess tells us that we're early and to wait outside. She says that she will come get us when our table is ready. So we go outside and wait. 9:30pm passes and 9:45pm comes, and we're wondering if she forgot about us. So I go inside and ask if our table is ready, and the hostess says 5 more minutes, they are clearing our table. Knowing that this is a busy restaurant, I give them some room and return outside to wait.During that time, other groups of 4 people who arrive after us are getting seated. I go back to talk to the hostess and ask what's going on, and she replies that these people arrived before us so they had priority??? So you're telling us we're early when we arrive at 9:15pm, then tell us that people who arrive after us are getting priority??? By that time, we just wanted to leave, but because we heard so many great things about au Pied de Cochon, we decided that we wanted to try the food anyways.So by that time, its around 9:55pm and we're still waiting outside. The hostess comes back outside and says that unfortunately our table is still not ready because the current occupants "just started dessert". WHY DID YOU TELL US at 9:45pm that our table was getting cleared and would be ready in 5 minutes?? She apologized and gave us free beers, which we really didn't care about. We were hungry and wanted to eat. Also because we had beers in our hands, we had to wait inside in the hallway, which is super tiny with lots of people trying to get in and out. While standing in the hall, I get to see the reservation list and see that all people who had a reservation at 930p had been crossed out( which means seated) except us, and people from 10pm had been crossed out too. What is going on here?We finally get seated at 10:15pm (a whole 45 minutes after our reservation), and we're all mad and starving. The waitress comes and finally gets our order, and we finally think that our troubles will be over, and that we're ready to drink and eat. One of the waiter brings over a plate of cod fritters that one of us ordered, and clumsily drops 2 fritters on the table while trying to set the plate down. Instead of offering to replace them, he simply mumbles "Oh sorry" then leaves. EXCUSE ME? Is this real? One of my friend is livid and starts to yell, and our original waitress comes by and asks if everything's all right. My friend explains to her what happened and she offers to replace them at free of charge ( a big 6$ in comped food right there). Also, when she took our order, one of us ordered a pale ale and she completely forgets about it. We had to remind her, and she says nobody ordered it from her. After telling her again that we ordered it, she says: oh yeah I forgot and then brings the beer 20 minutes after it was ordered. Is this serious?They finally bring us the food:AppetizerFoie gras poutine: Awesome. I can see why au pied de cochon became famous because of this plate. The fries are perfectly cooked, the cheese is chewy and tasty, the sauce is incredibly flavorful, and the foie gras just adds to the richness of the plate(For some reason, they brought us bread after we finished the poutine. I thought bread was supposed to be served at the beginning of the meal...)Main dishes:Foie gras hamburger: Very average. The foie gras itself is bigger than the meat patty which isn't that big to begin with, and overpowers the entire burgerDuck in a can: Good, but doesn't come close to being as good as advertised. There's an overload of cabbage in the dish, and the duck meat is undercookedMagret de canard: Bland, nothing special. Friend who took this commented on the lack of any flavors.Pieds de cochon with foie gras: Mixture of fatty pieces of pig feet with sauce. There is no way anybody could take more than 4 bites of this without being sick of the richness of this dish. After we finished our meal, we were all fed up with this experience. We just paid and left with a very bitter taste.Overall, I was very disappoointed with Au pied de cochon. Having driven all the way from Philadelphia to Montreal, and having heard many great things about this restaurant from food critics to friends and family, I had very high expectations for this. The horrible customer service just overpowers any potential to have an acceptable dining experience here. The food is ok. I understand the concept of this restaurant which is fat/richness/heavy food on top of fat/richness/heavy food, but there are so many better options out there in a great foodie city like Montreal. I will NEVER EVER come back here again
2	I think most of these 5 star reviews were written before they actually went to the restaurant.
1	By reading and asking around, we got APDC recommended, so I made a reservation. We expected a great night out with marvelous food, but no! Everything they served was greasy and fat. My husband and my father ordered the pork tenderloin, which needed to be prepared for an hour? And it was such a setback! Only a big piece of meat on your plate. Red cabbage was drown in the grease, horrible! They took three bites and didn't finished it.  I had the salmon, which wasn't great either and my mom had happy pork chop, was ok. For these prices, we eat in Manhattan a great dish! Also the people next to us gave back their food, not a good sign.Don't go here!! There are so many other great restaurants you can go.
2	The Service:  Showed up 15 minutes before our reservation of 4 and was seated 45 minutes after our 9:30P reservation that was made 2 months in advance.  We stood outside as group after group was seated before us and was eventually told they all arrived before us; a quick glance at their reservation sheet showed us that reservations after us were already seated.  We were offered a beer for our troubles but was relegated to standing in their corridor since we were not allowed to drink outside.  After finally getting seated, they took our orders but forgot about my beer, which the waitress quickly denied that I ordered it with her.   She did apologize after looking at our order again.  One of the appetizers was brought out with a piece of the codfish fritters falling on the table.  The person delivering the food just simply said, "Oh, sorry." and left.  Our fork and knives were taken away after eating our foie gras poutine (will get to that later) and then bread was delivered with only a huge spoon to spread the butter?The Food:  The food was okay.  It was a little too fatty and greasy despite knowing what the menu was full of.  The foie gras poutine was delicious.  Nice portions of foie gras coupled with a thick, hearty, flavorful gravy.  I ordered the foie gras hamburger.  The foie gras was larger than the patty!  You can interpret that as you like.  Tried a piece of the pied de cochon stuffed with foie gras and it just tasted greasy with no substantial meat at all.  The duck in a can was okay, but tasted like steamed duck.I would not waste my time or money here.  A pretty horrible experience for a restaurant that's supposed to be "hottest" restaurant in Montreal.  The only saving grace was the poutine.
5	APDC is now on top of my favourite restaurant list! No wonder why it is so hard to get a reservation there. Ambience was fun and lively, and the food was just remarkable. My husband and I shared a Foie Gras Poutine (A MUST!!!!), duck carpaccio (YUMMMM!!), truffle omelette (nothing special), pig feet (wasn't so good, a little too rich, didn't finish it) and magret de canard (A BIG MUST!!!!!) We couldn't stop saying to each other how good the food was. Loved how we can watch the staff working in the open kitchen and absorb some of the great energy and passion that they shared in their food. Price is a little on high, but absolutely worth it. I will definitely recommend this place to everybody! Can't wait for my next visit!
1	No quality for your money! We ordered salmon, happy pork chop and pork tenderloin, which needed to be prepared over an hour (?), so we took an appetizer, onion soup, this was only cheese, no bouillon ;-( not good. Wine was was good, but very expensive. A no go!There are better places to spend your money!
1	A total disappointment. My grandson and I  were  in Montreal for the f1 weekend. Prior to our trip we reaserched on yelp for recommendations.  This resturant was highly rated, therefore, we decided to reserve for our first night.   The food was covered with greasy sauce and it looked and tasted horrible.  It was a waist of a dinner. The only good thing to eat their was the bread and butter.
3	The first time I made a reservation here, my good friend was coming to Montreal for a visit.  I excitedly described to him how you have to book three weeks in advance, and named a few delicious things from the menu.  A few days later, I remembered that he had recently gone vegan.  Oops.Last year,  I lived really close by, and we walked in on a Friday night without a reservation.  Somehow, there had just been a cancellation and we were immediately seated.  The food was okay, although it it might have been only okay because we ordered the wrong things.
2	My wife and my best friend were both visiting me in Montreal at the same time and this was the place I knew we had to go.  We'd all heard about it and it was going to be our 'special meal.'  Unfortunately, Au Pied de Cochon was just blah.We started with cocktails.  A Manhattan, Lemon Slush, and a Raspberry Mojito were ordered and tasted.  The service was cool for the slush because they bring you the vodka in a little tea pot to add as you want.  The Raspberry Mojito was refreshing and definitely the most attractive drink on the table.  Cocktails = 4.5/5Our appetizer was the "Salade de Croustillant de PDC" which we were sold on because of the 'crispy pork belly.'  Unfortunately, it was pork belly in some sort of breading, which didn't have much taste to it.  The salad itself was 'meh.' 2/5We shared Duck in a Can (1/5) and Foie Gras Poutine (4/5) as the main courses for between the three of us.  The presentation of the Duck in a Can was really cool, I like the art on the can and I like that they open it up in front of you. Unfortunately, the contents of the can didn't taste as good as the can looked.  This was the worst dish of the night.  The duck breast was just ok, the skin was chewy and not at all appetizing (and I love me some duck skin), the rest of the dish was extremely salty. If it had one more grain of salt on it, it would have clearly been too much and I'd have sent it back.  Foie Gras Poutine somewhat lived up to its reputation and I would maybe recommend just grabbing a couple $5 beers and sharing a Poutine for those dead set on hitting this place up.  The foie gras really tasted good on and the gravy had good flavor.We decided against dessert, not because we were full, but because the meal just wasn't that good and the dessert menu was full of boring stuff.  I'm ready to pay for a good meal, but this wasn't even a mediocre meal.  Au Pied didn't live up to its reputation at all and I wouldn't recommend that anyone go.  The next night, we tried for round 2 on the nice meal and had much success at O'Thym (which is also Apportez Votre Vin).  Take your APC dollars there.
4	Been here twice. First time was 5 star, second.. not so much. The food was a bit inconstent and service as well. I recommend going with a group of 4 or more to try a few things on their menu as their portions are rather large. Duck and pig are the animals of choice which just so happens to be mine as well. Skip the poutine, it sucked.
1	After all the rave reviews about this place that I read, I found it thoroughly disappointing. The service was fine, but the restaurant itself was noisy and crowded. I had a foie gras appetizer and the bison tartare, but neither was anything special and the tartare was too heavy on capers. The food was expensive and just wasn't the good. After all the hype and waiting until 9pm just to get a table, I was expecting a dining experience and instead got just a meal.
5	My favorite restaurant in Montreal! Hi quality ingredients, creative dishes, seasonal menu and the kicker is that their seafood is as good as their meat dishes!
4	So it's clear that "pig foot" sounds a lot sexier French. This place is absolutely gross in the best kind of way. The room is super cool, as it should be. Duluth is one of the classier alleyways in Montreal. The open kitchen offers most of the dining room a view of the black magic underway - who thought one would so enjoy watching a young chef make love to a pig carcass. I've been here more than once, please don't order this all in one sitting. The Foie Gras Poutine (the fries are cooked in duck fat) is as heavy as it sounds. However, at PDC, the server may suggest it as a light starter. The Duck in a Can is all things fat. When plated, you can watch the duck fat and other oils battling for room.The PDC Melting Pot is offers three cuts plus blood sausage over a cheesy potato concoction... at least I think there were potatoes in there.The Guinea Hen for 2 really feeds 5-6. The beef tartar and bison tongue are on par with everything else. The only dish I've had that I didn't enjoy was the PDC salad. Interestingly, our server warned me upon ordering. We've never had dessert, I don't know if they serve dessert, This is not the best restaurant in Montreal, but its a damn good one. Also, make this the last stop of the night. The self loathing should set in as you slip into helplessly into a pork-coma.
4	PROS:1. The food is rich, succulent, and an experience. The memorable dishes were:the Foie Gras Comesquis which are basically fried balls of foie gras that explode (literally) in your mouth. If you like foie gras, this is the starter for you! Second: the Plogue a Champlain. This was probably my favorite thing we tried. The sweetness of the maple syrup and the saltiness of foie gras and meat all combined was to die for! 2. The decor suits the food (warm/rich) and I liked how you could see the kitchen from the dining area. 3. Service was classy and they recommended great dishes for us. However, the restaurant made my reservation on the wrong day. So we showed up and were told it was a no-go but since I did make the reservation and swore I made it the right day, they gave us a table. phew!CONS:1. It's quite pricey but in this case, you get what you pay for :) !2. You need to make reservations like a week in advance. OVERALL:-It's a great place for foie gras and to indulge in outrageously heavy, rich, delightful food. -It's a place to go at least once. I don't think I will go again just because I'm not THAT big a fan of foie gras.
5	The sinister mind that has the evilness to encompass the creativity of such a menu has the capacity of making the sun itself burn with envy. Chef Martin Picard brings classic Quebecois country style cooking to the city; not reinventing but more reintroducing urbanites to the wonders of pudding chomeur and Jesus ears. I suggest eating salad for breakfast and lunch on the day of your reservation... caloric intake will be equal to at least two days.
5	Another montreal rec from katie j. We e-mailed them a month prior and got a reservation for 7:30pm on a Tuesday night. Even though it was a random weeknight, the restaurant was packed, and people were waiting for tables outside. The atmosphere was warm and casual. We were seated at a table by the floor to ceiling windows which were left open due to the lovely weather.The food was amazing - rich and flavorful. I'd especially recommend the bison tongue (wonderfully tender texture) and the duck in a can (rich, but don't be afraid to try it!). The foie gras poutine was too much for me, but hubby loved the seared foie gras. The wine recommendations from the waiter were spot on. We were too full for dessert, but if we're ever in Montreal again, we'll be back!
5	I'll let you in on a secret: I've been a fan of pork (most notably, its smoked offspring, bacon) long before "bacon in everything!" became a popular rallying cry.  Illustrative example: a lunchtime treat in middle school was a peanut butter and bacon sandwich.  No foolin'.So, when I moved to Montreal and heard of a restaurant named in honour of the pig...I was in.  Even before I read all of the glowing reviews, heard buzz for its owner Martin Picard, and tasted the amazing food for myself.And...amazing it is.  Au Pied de Cochon became my standard choice for "parents in town" dinners.  I've eaten my way through the menu from delicate fried zucchini blossoms to heavy foie gras-topped poutine (the restaurant not-so-subtly enforces a go big or go home approach).  For all of the heaviness (long braises, dark sauces, rich meats), however, Au Pied de Cochon is able to be delicate with its flavours and textures, too.  Perfectly fried ittle cubes (cromesquis) explode in your mouth, taste buds fist pumping with excitement.  Summertime brings the option of a seafood tower to the menu, with locally sourced options plated in an amazing vertical display.  Lemon, berries, fresh herbs and local vegetables: this restaurant's focus is not just a tribute to the pig, but to the bounty of Quebec.  The space is beautiful, the staff is amazing, the vibe is happy and bubbly and celebratory (as it should be: I challenge you to leave this place with anything but a smile on your face).Two quick anecdotes:Un: once, I stayed until after close, finishing some drinks.  At end of service I saw the staff congregate by the bar to take final "we did it, gang!" shots.  That comraderie was not only special to witness, but is truly evident in how the staff runs service.  It's not a formal vibe, but the front and the back of the house runs like a well-oiled machine.Deux: a friend was having an engagement dinner at Au Pied de Cochon.  I was unfortunately unable to make it, so I called in advance to ask if they could do something special for the table in my absence.  Not only were they happy to get in on the surprise, but they presented all those arriving with champagne, charging me very fairly (and, by Toronto standards, far less than market price).  Yelp note: Go.  Here.  Hungry.
5	After four or five visits I summarize that PDC is a five star experience with 4 star food.Everything is mostly super not superb , but, you are going to have the quintessential foodie experience here.   M. Picard has put it all together in this Montreal must go place. The elements of greatness are:  an unusual and super creative menu.cool and casual atmosphere and an extremely high level of service. If you are reading this you probably already know about the ultra "rich" food. Most of the menu items involved some unique amalgam of pork, fois gras - hello California come to Montreal -and duck. If you want you can even eat healthy with nice roasted sea foods and salads. During the summer months there is also a fresh seafood "bar" offering  extravagant selections. Our most recent choices for our a table of six were mostly the standard PDC items with the Pig's foot swimming in gravy just OK, the duck magret very good and the standout this time the Ploque a Champlain, a crepe like pork and fois gras combination.PDC is a foodie mecca and is most always crowded with a well healed clientele ready to drop a few hundred bucks if need be to experience this place. On a hot summer night this past June the place was still rock'n after 11pm and we saw a few celebs at a nearby table. The staff were apologetically late with our table, we had to wait almost 45 minutes after the reserved time to be seated, but they made up for the inconvenience by leading a few of our party to the bar and providing some nice wine and an appetizer plate gratis. Very classy and unexpected. The servers were friendly,extremely knowledgeable about everything on the menu, and were of the highest calibre which adds so much to the overall experience. The wine offerings were extensive and expensive, but, we managed to find some nice bottles in the mid $40 range and our party managed to knock off four or five bottles.So for all you Yelpaholic restaurant ,mavens, officiandos,doyens like me,this is the kind of place that we live for !
3	It's been almost a week since we ate here and I'm pretty sure my body is still processing all the fat and salt I ingested...and this is coming from somone who tried to keep things "light"!My husband and I started with drinks - an APC beer for him, a gin martini for me, both perfect. We ordered the foie gras cromesquis to start and they were divine...tiny little cubes of melty liver happiness - highly recommended. We followed that with a plate of oysters. Being a Vancouverite, I usually don't order seafood in non-coastal cities, but I made the exception here and I'm glad I did. The oysters were beautiful.Our bottle of wine came with the first main we shared - the house made boudin, with cabbage and apples on a bed of mash. It was interesting...the sausage itself was very creamy. Good, but not the best boudin I've had.Then came the feature presentation - duck in a can. This was highly anticipated and we enjoyed the tableside presentation. It's quite a visually appealing dish, but once I dug in, I was less impressed. The foie was amazing and the sauce was delicious, but the rest of the duck was "meh" - not very tender at all. There was also a massive piece of super thick unrendered duck fat that we both tried to eat, before getting completely grossed out and giving up. If this dish had been just foie in a can with that lovely sauce, it would've been much much better.Now, here's your official warning - by the time we were finishing up the last of the duck in a can, we were both starting to feel very unwell. Not in a food poisoning/bacteria kind of way, but the richness overwhelmed us and we both felt pretty awful. Obviously if you're planning on eating here you know this isn't going to be good for you, but I gotta say this was more than I bargained for. You've been warned!
4	Here is the tale. My wife and I were visiting Montreal for an extended weekend and popped in to Au pied de cochon in hopes that they'd be able to take us in for dinner. In spite of not having a reservation (which I recommend you get) they had a table for us. Blammo! Positive point number one: No reservation but got a table during the dinner rush.The food was phenom.  We just decided to try appetizers, and were happy with that. The tomato tartlet is a winner.  The cochonnailles platter was a great choice too, although there was one meat (maybe bison) that nearly made my wife puke.  We also ordered the poutine.  It was good, but had a good laugh when they brought it out and I realized that it was a 14lb plate of fries, cheese and gravy. I've tried poutine in the U.S. but got a schoolin' about what real poutine is.  Very tasty, and if you've never tried it, I suggest giving it a shot.The tables are close together, so be prepared to rub elbows with your neighbors.  If you're not shy and don't mind projecting your conversation to the other patrons, you'll fit right in.  The staff was friendly and attentive.  Our waitress was on the spot with refills.  We did notice at the end of the meal that it took a long time to get our bill, but not sure if that was our fault for not signaling that we were finished. No big deal, we weren't in a hurry.Overall, it was very good and I had a great time.  I'd give it five stars if we'd not had to wait 20 minutes for our bill after we finished, and if some of the items on the platter weren't a little suspicious, but overall this is a great stop if you're in the mood for a nice meal with friends.
4	This is the first place that came up on looking up places to eat in Montreal.  And yes, there are other things to do in Montreal besides.....And while trying to make reservations for 15 doods months in advance, the consensus throughout Montreal is, don't bother.  You're not going to find a reputable dining establishment that would take a large party like that.And so, its up to the brave and the determined to find a window of time through the weekend of debauchery to make a trip out here and get a togo order to prove that the 300+ reviews are justified.  And who better to do it than I.  I and my friend (who I dragged of course) took a cab going the opposite direction as the rest of the group and got 4 orders of Duck In A Can to go.  It may not sound like much, but after reading all the previous reviews, I was convinced this was a must.  And after all the commotion and dropping $50 per order, it was worth it.  Although heavy overall, that duck is some heavenly beast packing a punch in that aluminum containment waiting to let loose on the flavors and merriment of tender duck breast, duck leg confit, and foie gras.  And I'm sure all it takes is a simple baking session to prepare prior to serving.  I even had a discussion with the server on how to best preserve the serving of the dish while having to take a 30 min cab back to the hotel.  I wasn't going to leave Montreal without poutine and of course, some nice French fare.
3	It was what we ordered but our meal here was a disappointment.  We started with a seafood platter which was pretty solid.  We also had the poutine with the fois gras.  I am sorry but none of it worked for us and it was borderline tough to stomach, especially when it gets cold.  There is no balance in the dish and the salty gravy and the plastic cheese pretty much ruins perfectly good fois gras.  Some of my favorite restaurants are pork centric like this one.  I was envious of the dishes at the nearby tables which were more conventional meat or pork dishes.  If there is a next time, I'd like to try those dishes instead.
4	Be sure to make reservations at least a month in advance. I'll preface this by saying this place is probably on my list of top ten restaurants. We started off with onion soup and fois gras Poutine as appetizers...omg soo rich yet soo good! The onion soup had chunks of pork in it! I tasted a hint of beer as well. The flavors worked so well together. Next came our entrees which took about an hour. At first I was pretty annoyed but then got over it because I really needed the hour to digest from my appetizers to make room for my entree. I ordered the duck in the can. I decided to focus on the meat and nothing else because there was no way I could eat the entire entree. It was excellent. My BF got the stuffed pig leg with fois gras. If you plan on getting this please be advised this is probably a 3-4 person dish. My boyfriend barely put a dent in it before he asked them to wrap it up for him. My cousin got the bison ribs...it was HUGE!!! Very tasty!!! My other cousin got the fois gras burger which she wasn't too crazy about. A great bonus was the fact that we got to meet Martin Picard himself!!! He was soo friendly even allowed me to take a picture with him. If it wasn't for the slow service I would've given au pied cochon five stars however honestly the food definitely made up for it!!! Can't wait to come back for more!!!
4	Decadent and rich food that come in huge portion sizes, this is probably the most accurate way to describe this place. Au pied de cochon is pretty much pig feet, so of course I was going to order that.  Coming from a foreigner, I would recommend this place to any out of towner. We also ordered the pickled beef tongue and duck in a can. Everything was rich and delicious. They did forget about my duck fat fries, but I was too full to care, so I cancelled it. Wish I had a second stomach so I could have ordered their special, bone marrow with cavier.
4	A Montreal experience par excellence.  Friendly service, great atmosphere, superb food, and an extensive wine list.  While many reviewers write about having gorged themselves, it's also possible to have a delicious meal that won't instantly clog your arteries and empty your wallet.  In fact, the food itself is very reasonably priced, it's the wine where they get you - we loved the house Cotes du Rhone, though.We ordered:1 bottle cotes du rhone ($55)foie gras balls appetizertomato tartlettomato salad (special)bison tartare (fries included)happy pork choplemon meringue pie2 glasses sancerretotal $171 plus tip
5	I was taken here for my birthday on my 2nd visit to Montreal. The city overall has such amazing food and Au Pied de Cochon is one of the best of them. As you may have read from previous reviews, the floor is little slippery. It was raining out and I was a bit concerned I was about to doing a triple lux inside the restaurant and fall but just walk slowly. You are going to want to walk slowly anyway to take in all the smells. It is magical inside the restaurant. We sat down and ordered appetizers and drinks. The Foie Gras Poutine was amazing. My girlfriend had the french onion soup. I had some of it and it was very tasty. After appetizers and rounds of drinks we did wait almost 45min to an hour for the entrees to come out. Honestly, that would really bother me any other time but after that first round of food I am not mad. I ordered the pied de cochon with stuffed with foie gras. Yeah just think about that for a minute. There really isnt anything to say. It was one of the most amazing dishes I have ever had. First of all the serving size was like 8 people. It was huge. Everything just melted together when you bit into the meat. It sat on a bed of creamy mashed potatoes. My girlfriends cousin had a bison beef rib. It literally looked like the rib they threw on Fred Flintstones car and made it tip over.  My girlfriend had Duck In A Can. I don't know how they put that idea together but it was the best duck I have ever tasted. We didn't order any dessert after dinner but there were some interesting items on the dessert menu. A few minutes later the owner Martin Picard made an appearance. Said hello and shook his hand. Had a round of shots after that as well. Great guy. This is a must visit restaurant in Montreal. I can't wait to come back and try Martin Picard's other food venue The Sugar Shack.
3	I give it a 3 stars because for four reasons: 1) This is Not a restaurant. It is a Bar which offer a delicacy items (foie gras, pig head, etc.). 2) the place is ridiculously  expensive given the fact it is a bar! 3) The place is extremely noisy, come one it is a bar, of course it is noisy. 4) the service is very very slow. We went to this bar to eat foie gras. We were a party of 5. After we been seated, and the bus boy poured us the tap water. Were were left for almost 15 minutes. Then the waiter came and asked if we would like to order a Starter. He suggested the daily special of salads. Given their prices we expected quality and quantity. Come one, a small dish of tomato with sauce for $12? We ordered Foie Gras Cromesquis for $3.5. No one on the table including who swallowed the two pieces know how it tastes. We ordered Cured Foie Gras & Boudin Tart, Duck in a Can, Bison Rib, and PDC's Melting Pot. This is a one greasy choice of dishes. None of us manage to finish her/his plate. So if you have a family history of heart attacks, obesity, low blood pressure, high blood pressure, avoid this restaurant.  We noticed that most clientele were hip-hop-styled. If you are looking for good quality, tasteful food, and you are willing to foot $50/person + drink per person, go to a restaurant.
5	Always hesitant to give a place five stars, but oh man, the food here is so good.We had two of the specials: clams and cauliflower in cream sauce and bone marrow with caviar. Both were freakin delicious. The clams were fresh and perfectly cooked. The bone marrow was decadent. I wasn't sure I would like it with the caviar, but the flavors were perfect together.Also had the foie gras (forgot which one, but it had maple syrup in it) and fries made with duck fat. Yum yum yum.We figured that we should order the pied de cochon-- I mean, the restaurant is named for it, so it had to be good. It was. However, our eyes were bigger than our stomachs, and by the time we got the pig, we were stuffed. Stuffed. We had to get it wrapped up to go, and we ate it for lunch the next day. It kept very well! (note: the mashed potatoes that accompanied it were amazing.)The service was OK. Our server was really warm and welcoming, and he really knew his stuff (and he was super handsome). But it was a pretty busy Saturday night, so it was difficult to catch his attention at times.A few final things. Make reservations weeks in advance. The floor is slippery. I will definitely be back if I ever find myself in Montreal again.
3	I Was in Montreal one weekend and actually got a reservation to this place. I've been trying to get a table here for quite some time so I was super excited that I was actually able to go. It's not really that big of a place, and the decor seems to scream that they've need out cutting wood recently.  I sat at the bar, and got the watch all the magic of the kitchen. I decided to read what the other yelpers were saying and ordered the fois gras appetizer cubes (sorry no idea what they're called [cromesquis] *Thanks Devan R.), the duck carpacho, and the fois gras poutine. I decided to stay away from the duck in a can from previous reviews. Ps do you see a trend? It's fois gras and duck. The appetizer literally exploded with flavour in your mouth. They tell you to let it sit for a while (cause it's literally a deep fried cube of fois) to avoid burning your tongue off. Wow, the flavour of the fois was so rich and balanced. A must order. The duck carpacho was alright I guess, it reminded me of a deconstructed steak tartare, only more bland. Flavours of shallots, salt and egg kinda overwhelmed the dish. The duck was lost. Maybe don't order this. The fois gras poutine probably put me over the top. There was a generous portion of fries, gravy and a lot of fry shaped fois gras. Personally I found this dish way too salty. The combination of the saltiness of the gravy with the saltiness of the fois gras was overwhelming. Besides that, this dish is SUPER rich, like Donald trump style. You could probably just order this and be good. Other than the food, they also have their own micro craft beer that I had a chance to try. It wasn't bad, hoppy and bitter aftertones (kinda Czech style) if you like that sorta thing. Would I come back? Ya I probably would just to try the rest of the menu.
2	Counting both times I have been to this city, this was by far the most shocking disappointment in Montreal. The number of glowing reviews and the articles in trusted magazines should have lead to a positive and memorable experience at this restaurant. What happened was a disaster on a lot of levels.What I can safely start off by saying is that this restaurant has, by far, the worst hostess of all time. I introduced myself and noted my reservation in French... then, in English because she gave me a blank, yet critical expression. Speaking English didn't help matters much. She looked down and then answered the phone. Now, there was no one behind us and no one walked in while she was on the phone, so we waited. And waited. And waited. Then, we waited some more after she (very rudely) told us that we would need to wait longer for our table. We went outside and then came back in, only to be dismissed again. Thirty-four minutes after our reservation started, we were seated.We had a wobbly table that was immediately fixed by our the nearest food runner. Our table was next to the bright bar that overlooks the kitchen. It felt good-busy, not uncomfortable-busy.After we ordered drinks, we got a deconstructed makers mark and coke (they had a lot of American liquids), which allows you to make your own consistency. Clever.During this time of ordering and drinking, the water boy was the nicest person we interacted with. The hostess, our server, other people's servers seemed to be grumpy. I don't know if they just got yelled at or all had a collective agreement to be terrible, but the only thing that was clear was that they were terrible. We ordered the codfish fritter, beet and goat cheese salad and duck in a can. Nothing stood out as being amazing.  It was fine is the nicest thing I can say about it and I am known to positively exaggerate about everything. The thing about all of this is that it took fifty-three minutes to get our dinner, after our appetizer. The temperature in the restaurant increased dramatically as we waited. Just so, so hot. Sweating grossness. Ugh.The maple ice cream was perfectly timed, but not for good reasons. By the end, the servers were actively drinking and flirting, really not giving any attention to their tables. Our server was leaning into our table while we signed the bill. Just a disaster. I sincerely wish this went better. Les 400 Coups was approximately a million, billion times better than this dinner. I would never recommend that anyone come here for dinner.
3	I was hoping to post a 5-star review since this meal was what I was looking forward to the most in Montreal.Placed a reservation weeks in advance for this restaurant because it seems from previous reviews that it was recommended.  Communicated through the email with the hostess who was very friendly.Arrived to the restaurant and was promptly seated in a heavy traffic area where a lot of the bread gets cut and where a lot of the food is left to cool off before it heads to the clients table.  Server took our order promptly which included:Cochonnailles Platter (3.5/5) - assorted meatsFoie Gras Poutine (5/5) - fries, gravy, cheese curd, foie grasHappy Pork Chop (3.5/5) - giant pork chop with mushrooms, etcTartellette Champi (4/5) - cant remember this one, I believe it was one of the specials of the dayWe would have liked for the waiter to explain the meats of the cochonnailles platter instead of us having to ask him when they came out.  The happy pork was a little dry and was doused with sauce (mushroom/onion sauce).  The waiter also disappeared for some time and was no where to be found a few times during the 2 hour meal.  The meal overall was quite tasty with lots of flavors to wet the pallet.  For the final part of the meal we ordered the creme brulee.  It was supposed to be the final highlight of the meal but failed.  When it came out it was burnt on the top and the first bite I took was a very bitter bite.  My girlfriend also did the same and agreed that it was overcooked on the top.  We decided to tell the waiter (who was not our actual waiter since he disappeared) who dropped off the double espresso and latte we ordered.  Then the manager (possible GM) came by and decided to tell us that we were wrong and that they way it was cooked was correct.  Excuse me.  I didn't asked to be told that I was wrong and that all the other restaurants use regular sugar while they use brown sugar.  Just apologize and ask me if I would like something else.  Simple as that.  He eventually told us that all the other restaurants do it wrong.  At this point I wanted to slap the dude and state that I have had creme brulee in many different parts of the world and this was the first time that I had burnt creme brulee. He then let us order something else, in which we then had the cheesecake.  The cheesecake (4/5) was good but it is no cheesecake factory cheesecake.Overall my experience at this restaurant is mixed.  The final bill totaled 137.74 (pricey).  I probably will never come back since I live in SoCal.  And I am sure the next time I order creme brulee in SoCal, it will be done right!  Cheers.
5	This restaurant is excellent.  We had the duck in a can which was wonderful.  And the sugar pie is exquisite. Definitely worth a trip.
5	On our trip to Montreal, my boyfriend and I gave ourselves the pleasure of one nice fancyish night out, and this was our go to from all the amazing write ups we've read. We were not disappointed!We made the reservation a week before, and the only times they had were either 5:30 or 10:30, we opted for the late night meal instead of the early bird special. This was a much better choice! The place was buzzing with happy customers and a delightful staff. The food, alright, I can't even talk about it still because I can't find anything like this in New York yet that isn't unreasonably expensive and too uppity for my taste. But I will give it a go. The pickled beef tongue is still my favorite dish I've had in a really long time. I tried beef tongue for the first time a few weeks ago and now I'm hooked. It was so moist and the bread was the perfect crunch to the tenderness. We also had the beef tartare, whose presentation in itself was beautiful, and the zucchini flowers. Now the main course, we obviously had to try the Duck in a Can, and I was not mad about that. It was moist and delicious and I love a good presentation of food.If I'm ever back in Montreal, which I hope to be, I will be back and I will eat all of your duck in a can and more.
4	Love the vibe, be ready for a heart attack.The food is ridiculously rich. Everything is piled with foie gras if they can. Loved the energy and vibe of the place and the beautiful crowd.Interesting experience but I probably wouldn't return. Perhaps more to protect my poor heart for having to breathe through all the clogged arteries.
2	Making a reservation well in advance, I expected great things from this restaurant with its tasty, rich dishes. Unfortunately, it was a bit of a let-down. Service was slow and poor; there were no apologies made by the server for her tardiness and she did not check in during our meal. It seems like she  focused all her attention on her other four tables, willfully ignoring ours. With regard to the food, we ordered the duck in a can and the pied de cochon. The first dish had a juicy piece of duck meat hidden under lakes of oil and a solid piece of duck skin with unrendered fat, and of course the foie. I was not quite sure how to attack the fat so I just ate the meat. The pied de cochon was actually served in deep, large bowl - it was that large. It was nothing special, just heaps of food on a plate with little thought to presentation. I thought the pied was also undercooked as I had trouble getting through the tougher and thicker parts of the skin.All in all, not so great.
4	Au Pied was a sinfully wonderful meal. The Foie Gras Cromesquis, were delicious and exploded with juicy fatness; the apple foie gras was savory, succulent and crispy (and the most well balanced (buttery, salty, sweet, squishy, firm, textured, silky, rich) entree of the night); the duck-in-a-can released a barrage of aromas, followed by more flavors of sin; and the veal, which was incredible on its own, had a bitter green herb that resulted in an unpleasantly acrid reduction (but was easy enough to avoid). Overall it was an exceptional meal. Our only complaint was that the wine we had was our only method of cutting the richness. An amuse bouche just prior to the main courses would have opened things up nicely. A minor complaint, though, and a good excuse to just drink more red wine. Overall it was quite an amazing experience and a lot of fun, too.Oh, the hostess seems very unhappy.  Perhaps it was a bad night or perhaps the stress is too much, but being greeted with a scorn isn't something most people rate high on the list of what they like in a restaurant.
3	I will go against the grain and say that there are way better places in Montreal (heck even on Duluth street) than Au Pied de Cochon.  Sure, they have super rich and unusual food, but the taste to value ratio just isn't there.  You are more overwhelmed by the richness of the food than the taste.  The food presentation is somewhat lacking as well for a high end establishment.My meal was made even more difficult by not being given a knife that could actually cut my duck meat from my Duck in a Can.  As another Yelp'er mentioned that the Duck in a Can came with a giant piece of fatty skin.  My dull knife made this completely unworkable.I'm glad I went for the experience, but I wouldn't go back (unless someone else was paying).
4	Excellent endroit! La bouffe est excelente, le service rapide et l'ambiance est tres cool! Je recommande vraiment si vous voulez passer une belle soiree!!!
5	A friend and I went to Montreal for the weekend strictly to eat at this restaurant based on the review of a friend. All I can say is Wow! Salt cod fritters were wonderfully crispy outside and tender inside, the sea urchin special was simply devine. We also had two other appetizer specials and shared the duck in a can and a bottle of wine. If you aren't looking for a romantic night, sit at the bar to watch the kitchen work it's magic. The kitchen staff are cool as a cucumber and the wait staff is extremely accomodating and quick to offer suggestions. Make a trip to the bathroom to see constant cooking video steam on the flat panel...yeah, I said the bathroom. At first it was odd, but then it was genuinely entertaining. Overall the food quality was outstanding, they used lots of seasonal ingredients in the specials, and combinations were creative and presented beautifully.
5	This isn't a review but more of an acknowledgment of how awesome I think how many times the show Frasier references  'Au Pied De Cochon'. .It's amazing.. thank Niles lol the only thing is they make it sound like there's one in Seattle. Is there? I'm pretty sure the only other location is Paris...
5	Authentic Quebec style food is not very easy to find.  Poutine, perhaps a Quebec original, is very easy to find here.  But old fashioned dishes developed when New France's older days don't exist much.  This resto is an authentic Quebec original.  There is nothing like this in Paris, New york,  New Orleans-anywhere.  Very very rich sauces, lots of foie gras, amazing array of creative and in your face carnivore fair is what makes this place one of Bourdin's favorites and mine too.  The place is all about celebration.  Food and wine are great and interesting.  Here are some things I ahve had over the years: Duck in a can:  an amazing duch dish that's been placed in a can. 7 out of 10Bison tongue; delicious white and brown sauce with a taragon hint:  9 of 10Boudin tart;  blood sausage in a pie-great appetizer;  8 of 10Beet salad:  Well prepared 7.5 of 10Fish:  they have fish specials that rotate, I only ate once:  8 of 10 amazinglyDuck:  I once had their 1/2 duck for 2:  9 of 10Pied de Cochon with foie gras:  Rich and over the top   7 of 10Poutine with foie gras:  I am not a big fan of poutine, but many love htis dish:  5 of 10Steak:  Overcooked at my friends insistance  3 of 10-not a steak house hereThe restaurant is about celebration of food and wine.  Go for a great and unique experience.
4	Not for people who likes to eat light. I felt like a brick was in my stomach after eating here. Food was flavorful and service was good. Fois gras is on everything.
5	Awesome. The bread is great, the appetizers were great, the main courses were great. Try the pied de cochon or the duck in the can. If you like foie gras, this is the place to be!
5	I can truly say that the roasted squash (mini pumpkin) stuffed with frois gras and mushroom sauce/gravy was out of this world. One of the best thing I've ever tasted in my life. It was seasonal so not part of the regular menu and I regret not taking a picture of it.  The server mentioned that the chef came up with the idea couple of days ago since they freshly harvest squashes from their farm.  It was a big serving for an appetizer. We also had pork chops and the duck.  Phenomenal!!  If anything I would pass on the dessert next time. Order the chocolate molten cake and it was ok.  We were so stuffed at that point so wasn't that enjoyable.
5	A recent compliment from another Yelper reminded me that I haven't reviewed this place on Yelp yet. So thanks Betty B for reminding me!I have a friend who grew up in Montreal (he speaks fluent French, Italian & English) who told a work colleague and I to spend the weekend in Montreal with him after attending a conference in Toronto for the week. We took him up on his offer and this dining extravaganza was the culinary highlight of the trip.This was just before the ban on foie gras went into effect in California, so our friend took us here to make sure we could overload on it...and we did.There was so much that looked so good on the menu, three grown men wept with joy and giggled like schoolgirls.Even though it's not on the menu right now, the foie gras with maple syrup was amazing. We then dove straight into a second foie gras dish,  naked foie gras.Our third foie gras foray was the foie gras poutine...NOT to be missed!Then we had a pig dish and the Fowl for 2, which put us over the top. They were both completely off the hook. The whole chicken had a morel mushroom gravy that was so good you could have filled a coffee mug full of it and drank it straight down.The wines?  Oh...the wines... Their French wine selection was ridiculously amazing. We guzzled bottle after bottle with our meal like we were with Bacchus himself.Then came the desserts. It may have been the foie gras delirium, but each one was better than the last. We ordered three, struggled to finish them, but we had to because they were so good.Hours after we got there, we stumbled outside feeling sated & slightly sinful at the end of this magnificent foie gras feast. Bottom line? If you are within 500 miles of Montreal, make a trip to the wonderful city and this deliciously decadent restaurant. You'll thank me if you do.
5	I am haunted by dreams of the Foie Gras Cromesquis, Foie Gras Hamburger, and Duck in a Can.This place is solely responsible for breaking my 10 year tenure of vegetarianism, We make a semi annual pilgrimage to APDC from New York City and its always worth it. If you go as a couple try a get a seat at the bar and you'll be treated royally. Excellent wine list, the food is unlike anything else, it is simply unmatched.  The chefs are trying to kill you in the most loving way,honestly it's more like assisted suicide. If you eat here in February you won't need a coat to walk to your car after the food process of digesting is warming enough. The food is like opium, you will be addicted and intoxicated by the time you are done.
4	Such a delicious little gem in the heart of the plateau...Apart from the high prices, everything else is totally yummy here! mmmmm give it a try! (but I've heard that the "duck-in-a-can" isn't all that great so maybe stay away from that!)
5	The food at Au Pied de Cochon absolutely lives up to the considerable hype, and can be a lot more affordable than it seems if you're aware of how rich most of these dishes are - and by the way, if you don't like the rich, hearty food of Quebecois cuisine then this is probably not the place for you. The only downside we experienced is although we made a reservation a few weeks in advance we weren't able to get a table before 10:00p.m., and when we arrived we ended up waiting over a half hour longer. Additionally, in the bad weather there wasn't anywhere good to wait. Though we were able to look out over the open kitchen, which was fun, we kept getting asked to squeeze back out toward the entrance. However, the staff were very apologetic and bought us a round of drinks and two orders of tempura zucchini blossoms and the food was well worth the wait. There were five of us, but only four were foodies. We started with the zucchini blossoms and three orders of foie gras cromesquis (little deep-fried cubes of liquid foie gras), then moved on to the seared foie gras poutine for an appetizer. The blossoms were received well by even the non-foodie, and if you like foie gras you will love the cromesquis and the poutine. The non-foodie did have a cromequis but as he'd never had foie gras before it was, to say the least, a bold introduction. So if, like him, you don't love foie gras (which would be silly, but it does happen) take the opportunity to try another of the many excellent-looking options. For our entrees, four of us split the pied de cochon and the duck in a can. The pied de cochon is huge and comes on the amazing PDC mashed potatoes, which have Quebec cheese curds mashed into them. The duck in a can is something that's worth ordering just for the experience (they really do come to the table with a can opener and dump it out on the toast and cauliflower mash - you can find videos on YouTube) but it was really delicious as well. It wasn't the dish I was most looking forward to (I was pushing for the melting pot) but it ended up being my favourite dish as well - which is saying a lot considering how amazing all of the rest of the food was. Even though it was only half an entree each and one member of our party fasted (well, apart from beer) for the whole day to prepare for our meal we weren't able to finish it (though we came close).Which is what led to my comment about the price - yes, we had a round of drinks and zucchini blossoms paid for, but it worked out to only $30/person and would have been only around $40/person without the freebies because we knew going in that there would be too much food if we ordered four entrees. Granted, we didn't drink too heavily (we came from Dieu de Ciel, plus for all the amazing food the PDC beer, which we were drinking, is not outstanding), but the estimates you see online of $80/person makes this seem harder to afford than it is. You can have a couple of glasses of beer and easily stay under $50/each as long as you're willing to share (which was easy to do with all of the dishes we had and the servers were not uncomfortable with at all.)The fifth member of our party ordered the happy pork chop, but he didn't share, the spoilsport. It was huge and looked totally different than any pork chop I've seen before, but delicious (and it smelled that way, too) but the melting pot is still next on my to-try list.We can't wait to go back. Definitely recommend making the effort to visit.
5	It is every bit as good as the rumors - full review to be posted in two parts.The Why:  When I travel I do it primarily for two things - hockey and food - and when visiting the home of the winningest team in NHL history it only made sense to visit the most well-known restaurant in Montreal...twice...in the same night...sandwiching a game at the Bell Centre.   Owned and operated by Martin Picard Au Pied de Cochon had been on my food bucket list for almost as long as a trip to see Les Habitants for obvious reasons...I just hoped my mother and picky aunt could find something on the menu they'd like. The Reservation:  Having made mention of this above I'll admit the plan was a little convoluted, but it worked out perfectly - one reservation at 5:00pm for appetizers and entrees, a second reservation at 10:30pm for dessert, coffee, and maybe more.  I knew we'd overeat.  I was okay with this.The Space:  Located on what is essentially a side street amongst other stores and eateries the wooded exterior of APdC is quite unassuming and arriving early parking was a cinch.  With doors unlocked we were the first to arrive and given our choice of seats we opted for a spot up front near the window of the long and narrow space.  Wooden and rustic with an open kitchen spanning nearly the entirety of the space up to a long bar in back the only thing "formal" about the space is the linen napkins and stemware - the rest feels like a cozy cabin and a tribute to many things Canadian.  The Service:  Superlative.  From watching Chef Picard himself haul in a large case of Foie Gras and innumerable loaves of bread before stopping by to say hello to our primary server, a young blonde woman, everyone just seemed happy to be at Au Pied de Cochon - an atmosphere that was entirely in harmony with the food and extended from front of the house to the back both at 5:00pm and again at 10:30.  With both the standard menu and a list of eight specials described at length and our time constraints noted with regard to preparation and presentation  it would be hard to ask for better service than what we received at APdC - it was Michelin Star quality.The Food:  Complimentary Bread and Butter, House Muddled Strawberry Lemonade, Six Appetizers, Two Entrees, Three Desserts, and Coffee.Fresh Bread with House butter:  I have no idea where Picard gets his bread but they bring it in by the bushel and served up warm with unsalted butter the only challenge was not to eat too much.  A crusty French baguette with good crunch and better chew plus a bit of salinity juxtaposing yeasty notes this was as good as much of the bread service in Paris.Foie gras cromesquis:  Think of these as liquid foie gras nuggets.  Order them.  Eat them.  Bask in the gluttony.Tomato Tart:  Knowing my aunt would struggle with the meat-centric menu I also knew this would be right up her ally and as much as it may seem odd to order such a thing at Au Pied de Cochon I would strongly recommend it.  Essentially nothing more than a buttery puff pastry topped with herbs, olive oil, a bit of gruyere, and incredibly fresh tomatoes the tart was acidic and bright yet creamy and balanced plus big enough to share and probably enough to serve as a meal for some.French Onion Soup:  Another order fitting my aunt's palate, though certainly not traditional, was this pork and lard based French Onion soup. Generally not a fan of the classic form of this dish I think I actually enjoyed this dish the most of anyone at the table as the swine based broth was thick and full - almost like that of ramen - with plenty of fatty pork and root vegetables beneath the bubbling dome of cheese.  Great on its own and more-so when used for dipping bread this is another great choice for those not wanting one of the more substantial plates on Picard's menu. "The Monte Cristo:" One of the daily specials I somehow talked my mother into ordering this and although she was hesitant it ended up being a hit with everyone at the table.  Limited to only "about a dozen" sandwiches that evening and featuring thick maple-custard dredged brioche French toast topped with imported jambon, local turkey, and a blend of Gruyere and Comte plus spreads of guinea hen liver mousse, maple butter, apple jelly, and caramelized onions there was really no part of the palate that this enormous "appetizer" did not touch on and with a drizzle of maple syrup to finish the plate the biggest shock was that every flavor came through with aplomb.  Certainly gluttonous but entirely delicious this and what followed certainly displayed Picard's propensity for 'shock n' awe' cuisine but honestly, it works....to be continued.
4	Visited during last week of October with boyfriend and we'd made reservations almost 10 days before. Best we got on reservations was at their opening time on a Saturday, which was ok for us. It was his second time to the restaurant.Up front you should know, as other reviewers have written, that the noise level is very high so don't count on Au Pied de Cochon for that quiet romantic candle lit dinner, perhaps mid week is a lot different. We were seated at window - was a little chilly in this location so perhaps you could ascertain your seating when you make the reservation.Anyway the good was excellent. I'm probably not going to be as generous as many other reviewers because there are simply too many great restaurants in Montreal that are on the same, or even that bit higher level in my estimation in terms of taste of food, presentation, price, ambiance and well overall friendliness of staff. It was my very first try of Foie Gras - nice but sinfully bad for you. The Duck in a Can, again was delicious, however I think the presentation was the selling point for me as I'd seen it on Anthony Bourdain show. The wine list...good but on a personal note was pricey for me.About the floor - beware - twice I slipped coming and going to the bathroom. Not pleasant when you grab another a patron in a jam packed restaurant to hold you up. It was the same for many people. Note to management - take care of your grease problem on the floor. Is it worth a visit - yes if you want to say you've worn the t.shirt.
4	Ok, believe some of the hype....APC is very, very good.  But not everything was perfect.I went here two weeks ago for the first time with a buddy of mine while on a motorcycle trip.  The standout of the meal was the bison rib chop that he ordered.  Truly amazing.  My pork chop?  Not so much....I make better myself at home. For starters we had the APC "salad" (stupid me didn't realize this was simply a series of meats...very good....but too much given what was to come after).  I believe they had a fried cod special app that we tried that was excellent and fairly light. We also had one of their foie gras dishes, simply prepared, and that was excellent too.We killed two bottles of wine from the northern Rhone.  The first white I ordered they were out of so we started with a white St. Joseph (either rousanne or marsanne, if you like those varietals...I do) then moved on to a red St. Joseph (mostly Syrah).  These were both outstanding and you could spend a long time studying their wine list.The staff was very attentive and it was packed on the Wed night we went with a small line out the door.  We took a long, slow, half hour+ walk back to our hotel after this meal and that was the right call.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying more items from the menu.  Just don't you dare forget to order that rib chop!  You can cut it with a fork...Lastly, I think most of their prices are very reasonable.  Some are outright screaming buys.  So, good value overall for this type of place.  Make sure to put your reservation in at least a month in advance.Damn, we never did find out who that hot redhead was at the bar....
5	Um... left speechless. I'll head back to Montreal for the sole purpose of returning here. I can't really write much else.
5	A bit on the pricey side, and it can be difficult to get a reservation, but overall I've never been disappointed by the food or the service.  If you like foie gras, the foie gras poutine is an excellent choice.  Had their bison tartare and their duck carpaccio, which were both great.  Also had a specialty sushi roll that was on offer that night, which surprised me (as it's not French), but was certainly just as delicious as the rest of the food.  My dining companion raved about the onion soup.
5	Having read the rave reviews about  Au Pied de Cochon,I had high expectations before I even arrived. I`m pleased to say they weren't only met, they were exceeded! The atmosphere was lovely, the service fantastic and the food incredible. Five stars!To start, my friend and I shared the snails and the salami tray. I have to say the thought of eating snails grossed me out, but I reluctantly tried them. They were delicious. The brandy and BBQ in the sauce made the dish. The salami tray was predictably scrumptious.For my "high gear", I had the duck carpaccio This was possibly the best duck I've ever had. Even if you're not a huge duck  fan, I still think you should try it. The cream sauce drizzled over it was fantastic.I almost forgot to share my cocktail experience. You must get the Pom Pom! It`s got pomegranate juice, ginger and mint, to name a few ingredients. I also tried the Rosemary Pink Diamond Fuzz which was also very good. I had a sip of the Blue Mojito, but it was too sweet for my liking.Simply put, Au Pied de Cochon is superb. I can`t wait to go back.
5	I don't know if "hhhnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnghgonwfvnip" constitutes a proper yelp review. So here's the post I made on facebook as a placeholder until I manage to digest and can write something more coherent.Takeout dinner from Au Pied du Cochon. Got trapped by storm so had to cancel original reservation, so takeout it was to be. Unable to consider moving. Duck in a can was fabulous (Duck, balsamic, thyme, random veggies, slab of foie gras). Onion soup out of this world (apparently there's actually meat in it). Boudin noir waiting in the wings. Photos later when I remember how to work my phone. Unnnnngh.
5	Book your reservation now. For the price, this place cannot be beat. A restaurant that serves foie gras in over half it's menu? Hell yes. I knew very little about the restaurant before coming but was to follow truly blew me out of the water. I came with 3 friends and here is the breakdown of our meal: Foie Gras Cromesquis - As my friend described it, "meat gushers". The crunchy outer layer gave way to a liquid burst of duck fat and liver. Foie gras poutine - In my opinion, the must have of the night. I had tried poutine in other places, but the duck based gravy was truly amazing. I smothered the bread we had in it. And the seared foie gras on top was icing on the cake. Bison Tongue - Lightly seared then sliced n covered in a cream and brown sauce. The texture was soft and chewy. A nice light appetizer dish. PDC Melting Pot - This was probably the least impressive, although the flavoring was amazing and I loved the mashed potatoes, it was relatively simple compared to the others. If you're a fan of sausage I'd recommend this one. It also comes with blood sausage which was a little too dense for me but unique nonetheless.Stuffed Pied de Cochon with Foie Gras - The main event. This thing is huge! (TWSS) They cut up and season the pork meat, stuff it back into the skin and pin it back up. Top that with seared Foie Gras and put it in a bed of mashed potatoes.  The meat was super tender and the skin was lightly breaded for a crisp texture. This dish is gluttony at its best, but amazingly, the flavor is still light enough to keep wanting more.Venison and bison tartare - Wow. The tart and slightly sweet marinade they used complimented the gaminess so well that even my friend who isn't into gamy meats liked this dish. By this time we were super full but it was light enough to try a few bites. Sugar Pie for 2 - Actually, this was good for 4 of us. It came a la mode. The pie crust was delicate and crisp and the sweet filling was balanced by the vanilla ice cream. A great cherry on top of an amazing meal. Being tourists, we over ordered but our waitress let us know that we probably couldn't finish everything so we dropped one dish. Good thing she did because we could barely stomach another bite after this feast. We had enough for leftovers the next morning which surprisingly tasted good even without microwaving. As for the ambiance, it's very laid back and the waiters are all very attentive and great at their jobs. If I had another chance, I'd definitely come back! One of the best meals of my lifetime
1	Overrated, too loud, too crowded.  Waited 45 minutes after reservation time.  Foie gras poutine good, but , ordered half order and got about 10 french fries.  Ordered casoulet special.  It came with lots of beans, 2 pieces of bacon and an overcooked duck drumstick.  Very bland taste.  My wife makes a better one.  Wine by the glass gets you about a third of a glass of wine.  Waiter kept bumping the table to get to the large party behind us.  Really ruined our anniversary dinner.  Ate at Holder in old Montreal the night before and contrast was like night and day.  Asked them to get us a cab after dinner and they said just go out on the street and wait.  Ugg, what a night.
5	I can't imagine poutine being better. Literally addictive. Ordered the bone marrow with truffle, stuffed pied de cochon with foie gras, and the veal shank that was a special. These entrees are huge, good enough for 2-3 people. Everything tasted incredible, but so rich you won't be able to eat much before feeling full and salted out. A must for Montreal.
4	The restaurant is located a short 20 minute Metro ride northwest of Downtown Montreal. It's a bit of a walk from the metro station but WELL WORTH IT! First of all, they have quite a large menu of items. It might not be listed on the menu, but our waiter read out at least 20-25 more items that I just couldn't repeat even on my best days of memorization.It's a nice casual restaurant that gets very crowded during dinner time so make sure to make reservations as we did. Once inside, you will notice the kitchen area which is manned by quite a few people. Another observation was that all the waiters were men who were probably less than 30 years old, not that there's anything wrong with it. Once seated, we ordered one of the foie gras'. I'm not a huge fan of liver so I didn't like it, but from what I was eating if someone did like it, I think it would taste good to them.For the entree, I ordered the Breast with mushrooms and it was AMAZING. The breast was juicy, soft and the meat was just sizzling in my mouth with flavors. There was a dark, but not heavy, sauce on the plate mixed with the mushrooms which complemented the breast very well. The dish was also quite hefty. The only disappointment I had was that when the restaurant got crowded, the service was a tad slower because all the waiters were running around trying to appease new customers walking in. We waited for the check for at least a good 20 minutes before we could get our waiters attention to bring it, which then resulted in another 15 minute wait for him to bring it. He was a good waiter though in that he gave us good recommendations, read out all the non-menu items very clearly and was very accommodating knowing we were from America. Just wish he knew to pay a little more attention to all his customers and not just new tables.
5	I have raved about this place ever since dining there a year and half ago.  This is hands down one of the best dining experiences I've ever had.  The beef tartare and PCD melting pot (5 types of meat, potatoes, cheese, and spices) were absolutely phenomenal.  If you are in Montreal, this is a must go to spot.  Only downsides are it is a little small and a little loud.
5	I've been to this restaurant twice. The first time I was there we made the mistake of ordering way more than what I could handle, that was easily solved by take out, but it was not the same as having it at the restaurant itself. The second time I learned from my mistake and ordered a bit more appropriately to the heaviness of the dishes and this time I was fully satisfied without exploding. This is as good as Canadian food gets, and it gets really really good!
5	This is hands down the best meal I have ever eaten.  And I don't use that statement lightly.With praise from far and wide, Au Pied de Cochon is one of those rare eateries that truly lives up to every expectation and accolade.  Everything was rich, savory, plentiful, and incredibly flavorful.  After being promptly seated at our reservation time and having our helpful waiter decipher the menu for us, we decided upon three classic dishes: the foie gras poutine, the duck in a can, and the PDC Melting Pot.First, the foie gras poutine is life changing.  Everything: the sumptuous gravy, the fries, the slightly salty melty cheese, and the richly velvety foie gras, was cooked to perfection and melded together beautifully.  It was unlike any flavor combination I've ever had and I would order it again in a heartbeat.  The duck in a can was also terrific.  Part presentation, part flavor and food, this dish sung on so many levels: juicy duck, foie gras, vegetables, gravy, potatoes, everything.  It was so rich and savory, perfect for a cold winter night.  And the melting pot gave us a taste of all that PDC can do with pork: sausages, belly, and chop, served over mashed potatoes with two large pearl onions.  I couldn't have asked for a heartier, richer, more solidly delicious meal.  And lastly, when we wanted some of their maple toffee sprinkled over a bowl of plain ol' vanilla ice cream, they gladly obliged.  Bonus points for outstanding service!This is not a meal for the faint of heart, your vegetarian friends, or those looking for a light supper.  This is meal that celebrates meat in all of its glorious forms.  It is a meal that you will remember and talk about for a long time.  In short, a definite must on any visit to Montreal, and well worth the coin.
5	Decadent and delicious. Had the terrine which was a special since they added black truffle. Sublime. The foie gras poutine...superb. Everything was excellent except the cappuccino. It tasted burnt I couldn't finish it, and I appreciate a good cappuccino. This place is excellent (just skip the espresso).Decadent and delicious. Had the terrine which was a special since they added black truffle. Sublime. The foie gras poutine...superb. Everything was excellent except the cappuccino. It tasted burnt I couldn't finish it, and I appreciate a good cappuccino. This place is excellent (just skip the espresso).
5	Crowded and loud but great for adventuresome eating.  Fois GRAS poutine is to die for.  Pork, pork and more pork on the menu.  A true culinary and gastronomic experience.
5	I've visited Montreal 5 times and wanted to try this place every time, finally got a reservation and did it right before Christmas 2012.  We sat at the bar, which was great because the bartender/server was funny and whipped up some creative and awesome non-alcoholic drinks for me.For food we got:bison tonguehorse tartarefoie gras tart (I didn't try this since I'm not a fan of foie gras)Special pig's foot stewLoved every bite of food even though the dishes were heavy.  I do recommend this restaurant to everyone who visits Montreal.
5	French fries, grated cheese, gravy sauce and duck liver? Put all this on one plate and you have the best dish I've tasted in a very long time. Now I'll be honest, I've lived in Quebec for a while and gourmet food has somewhat of a different meaning in this Canadian province than it would in....well, the rest of the world. But if you want to taste the essence of French-Canadian quality and honestly cooked food, then Au Pied De Cochon is the place to go. We visited APC on 27th of December 2012, during one of the wildest snow blizzards in recent history, needless to say we thought the place was going to be half-empty. How wrong we were, it's packed every day of the week, and there's a good reason for it. The food!! A completely own starter menu designated to duck liver is always a good start, we tried the duck liver Poutine and the Duck liver tarte, both amazing. For main course I tried the pork foot and my partner the duck breast. Even though we struggled to finish the beastly portions, we could not argue with the delicious, balanced and delicate flavors. A fantastic wine list let's you choose a good bottle of wine for a reasonable price to pair up with the food. After a perfect finish with dessert ad a Pastis we rolled out in the blizzard with a big smile and a full stomach. Must visit when in Montreal!
5	The best meal I have ever eaten! Everything was rich, flavourful. I came with a high expectation and the food was beyond my expectation! The service was quick and effective. I was sitting at the bar. Their kitchen is CRAZY! I don't understand how they can work that effective!!!! Don't forget to starve yourself before coming here and reservation is a must!!
5	I haven't ever had such a soul warming meal than the one I had here. I can't believe it's taken me this long to review it - I kinda just assumed it'd be one of the first restaurants I reviewed on yelp. Anywhoo, Martin Picard knows how to stuff you with rich food. Duck, maple syrup, foie, pork, etc - it's all here, and it's all good.The house beer is pretty good, and the open kitchen lends a pretty casual ambience to a casual eatery. Nothing casual about the food though - this is all top notch cooking. I've tried the foie poutine and really it's great, mostly for the foie - the fries and gravy are good too but the livery sweet foie takes the spotlight. The duck dishes are really amazing too. I remember the PCD melting pot including pork, two sausages, and an unnecessarily fluffy bed of wonderful mashed potatoes underneath. All covered with the rich jus from the meats, of course. The portions are not for the shy - thankfully too, because it's just all so delicious. The pied de cochon with foie most definitely can be split between at least 2, probably 3 people - but it's damn tasty. You kind of want to roll over in your seat when you're done eating because it's just all so self-indulgent. But when you step out into the frigid Montreal snow, you really begin to appreciate it all and feel super happy and fuzzy from having a warm, filled stomach.
3	its was A-Okay! I wouldn't do it again
5	We were in town for a party this weekend and Au Pied de Cochon was highly recommended by a friend of ours.  We arrived just in time for opening hours. And the restaurant was full within 10 minutes.  There was a buzz of activity.  The restaurant itself has a clean, rustic lodge look and feel.  Warm colors throughout.  The kitchen area is exposed and is buzzing with staff.  We walked in to the aroma of baking bread and what I believe to be hickory chips smoking in the wood burning oven.  For those of you not fluent in French, the staff speak excellent English and switched over instantly to it once they realized which language was going to be more "comfortable" for us. I myself can understand and read French but I am severely out of my element in conversing in it.  My kudos to the waiters and busboys for accommodating us so easily.  I will also add the staff were very friendly, attentive and professional.   There is nothing pretentious about this restaurant.  It delivers on the quality of their food.  The pricing is very reasonable given the ingredients used and the portions.Now. On to the food.We were told that this is the place for foie gras in Montreal.  And while I do not have it that often, this place change my mind about it.  There were six of us so we ordered five foie gras appetiziers to set the tone.  Amongst our choices.  The FG poutine, cranberry FG, balsamic reduction FG and their special FG appetizer on a buckwheat pancake, potatoes, maple syrup and a big of egg yolk.  While we gorged on the appetizers, time passed to allow our mains to be cooked.  We shared a veal shank, which was good for 3-4 people. It took about 45 mins to cook but the wait was barely noticed due to everyone dipping bread into the various foie gras sauces left over from the appetizers.  Two others shared duck in a can and one person had a French Onion soup that smelled great.  The veal rack was loaded with veggies as well so it was a balanced meal.  There was some left over due to the size.  We did manage to consume about 90% of it.  After that, we had no room for the desserts, which were tempting.  To conclude, this is a fabulous restaurant.  I really appreciate the focus on the food and the service.  The dishes here are quite unique.  Feeling adventurous? In the mood for some seared veal heart or Pig's Head for two?  This is your place.  If those dishes don't appeal to you, there is some standard far as well, such as pork chops, ducks and fish.  As much as I love the cuisine of my home city (Toronto) I am saddened that it does not have a restaurant of this calibre.  At least, none that I am aware of.  I admire Montreal's gastro scene.  This is a shining example of it.
4	On our first date, my boyfriend and I were talking about foie gras and about a restaurant in Montreal that made Foie Gras Poutine. I was like "I know that place-- Au Pied Du Cochon, and I've been dying to go!" to which he replied "Okay, let's go!".Six months later we were living together and took our first trip together to Montreal. Naturally, Au Pied du Cochon was on our dance card!Now, the first time we went, the service and food were all great. We had the Foie Gras Croquemensis, the Poutine, Codfish fritters and the Duck in a Can. Admittedly, a heavy meal for the end of July, but we enjoyed. The presentation was stupendous and I couldn't get over how much foie gras was on the poutine!! A nap afterwards is mandatory.The second time we went this past August, the service was not so hot. Our server wasn't able to explain the menu or specials very well. This skill is more like a necessity at APDC because of the nature of the menu items (many of them contain organs and culinary preparations that are not common to all diners) and also because of the language barrier. Even the English menu has a lot of French on it. So it helps to have a server who is well versed in his culinary terminology and can dole out a few recommendations. sadly, this guy could not. And I really felt bad for him. I'm a server, too, so I know that people have off nights and sometimes things are just crazy and it can be hard to present things well when everything is going haywire around you. He did mean well. But all was not well in Pig-Land this night...The food and the presentation of it left much to be desired this time around. The poutine was slopped on the plate with streaks of gravy all over the edge that no one had bothered to wipe and all the food appeared crowded or simply thrown on the plate. Originally, I had ordered the sweetbreads they had on special, but they ran out as soon as my order was placed so I opted for the liver, which was cooked well and delicious. But things just weren't up to the same standard as they were the first time we were there.I'm still giving then 4 stars for the wonderful time we had before. But taking off one star overall. I know that they can do better. APDC is an iconic place and we made our way there as a happy couple after some first date banter about foie gras. Hopefully, if we go back again, I can add that extra star and make it a 5!
1	A gander at the distribution of rave reviews on Yelp and a peek at the Anthony Bourdain video of this place convinced me that Au Pied de Cochon would be a memorable experience.And oh, was it memorable.Service was slow and perhaps more insultingly, indifferent; we continually had to flag different waitstaff down to get, variously, bread, drink, etc because our waitress was busy walking past us to get between her other tables and treated us as if we didn't exist. At the end of the meal, we successfully accosted her to ask for the check, and she promptly disappeared again for 30 minutes before we complained to someone who was equally indifferent to our plight but at least gave us the bill so that we could leave.What was the true let-down, however, was the food. Knowing this place had a menu built on very fatty and rich foods, I thought I was prepared. I ordered the pied de cochon because, well, the place is called the pied de cochon. What arrived must have been a pied + an entire flank + slabs of duck liver + several onions drenched in sticks of butter de cochon, dumped unceremoniously in a giant deep dish. I entered into a very meta space in which I started wondering whether the volume of the food, if stuffed into a plastic bag, would exceed the volume of my head, and what the percentage weight of my own pied was to the weight of this pied. Concluding that I would surely win a Darwin award for dying from complications of gastric bypass surgery if I tried to down this dish (because this pied sure as hell was not going to bypass by itself), I took 4 bites and called it a -very disappointing- night.And then the dilemma of what to do with the remains, which constituted a largely untouched dish. I considered dragging them home with me to make 10 gallons of stock, but since home is a 12 hour Amtrak ride away and my freezer really doesn't have that kind of spare capacity, I took a moment to apologize to the pig for a waste of a life, and said adios.It is actually beyond my comprehension how one person could eat this dish. The sheer amount of food and fat transcends mere excess and enters into the realm of the grotesque. Perhaps my rating would be different if I had tried another dish...but alas I have zero incentive to return.
3	I agree with the previous comments about the service being insultingly indifferent, especially to those non-French  speakers. The hostess gave us deadly stares as soon as we spoke English. We were seated at the bar (even thought there was plenty of room elsewhere in the restaurant but we were told they were reserved). The bread was very good. Then, I had the Foie Gras Cromesquis and the Pied de Cochon, also tried some of the Cured Foie Gras & Boudin Tart. For the Pied de Cochon, the meat was very flavorful but the sauce was too salty and had too much onions in it. The boudin wasn't particularly tasty either. Everything was one dimensional in terms of the flavor. fat fat and more fat!This restaurant is definitely an acquired taste. My arteries definitely cannot take this sort of hit. With each bite, I can feel the plaques of fat forming in my arteries. For your own health (and wallet), I'd say go once for the Quebecois experience and leave it at that.
2	This place has been a Montreal classic and I was excited to try it. But I guess I was being an ignorant American and thought I could come for dinner on a Thursday (around 6pm) without a reservation. I was greeted at the entrance by a hostess that was less than happy that I did not speak French then looked as if I insulted her when I apologized I did not have reservation. Eventually our party was seated at the bar but we were told we would have to leave within 1.5 hrs. Ok, that's fine. I was actually happy to get a table at the bar which was right in front of the kitchen so we got to see everything being made, that was the best part of this experience. Server was also very nice as well and was not at all rude like the hostess. We ordered some foie gras dishes, boudin, and a pied de cochon, the first few bites were delicious but as you continued, it tasted all very one note. Everything tasted like onions and butter, nothing wrong with that just hard to eat an entire plate of it. Although we didn't order it, the pig's head for two looked amazing (an entire pig's head with two knives sticking out of it sitting on a bed of mashed potatoes) and could probably feed 4 people. Was glad I came since it is such an institution, but would not want to come back.
4	This is a place for foie gras and meat.I came here with a friend on our last minute weekend trip to Montreal. We shared 4 dishes: fried foie gras balls, foie gras poutine, PDC salad, and the baby pig special. The fried foi gras balls were hot and crispy on the outside, and melted liquid goodness on the inside. Foie gras poutine, however, I didn't want to eat more of after a few bites. The chunks of foi gras were too big to be appetizing for our tastes (we're not used to eating so much of it in that gelatinous chunky form). The PDC salad was really good with nice chunks of meat and crunch to it. The pig special was nicely cooked with crispy outer "crust" of the meat and coated with a sweet glaze and came with some vegetables that I enjoyed, but would've enjoyed more if the sauce were less potent.Overall, it was a very satisfying meal to have on a cold winter night.If I ever return to Montreal, I'll come back to try the duck in a can (recommended by a coworker).
5	THE BEST BEST BEST!I do not say anything but just go to Au Pied De Cochon when you go to Montreal.Its one of the BEST restaurant in North America, I am 1000% sure. Just follow the waiters recomendation, they will not betray your expectations. Me and my husband ordered salmon soup which was "Today's special". I actually wanted "Salmon tartre(today's special as well)" but the waiter kind of strongly recommended us the soup and my husband was in the mood for soup so we ordered it. That was a best choice. Yes, it was the best food in entire our Montreal trip(could be entire my north america life). We will definitely go back to this place. All of the dishes that they are serving are great. just great.P.s. Do not forget to order cranberry foi gras. You can have $80-90 worth dish in NYC but only for $28 in here!!!! and you will feel soooooo good when all of the things on the plate melts in your mouth:)
3	The food tasted delicious going down but I guess I'm not used to heavy, rich creams anymore.  Both my friend and I were sick afterwards.  Nice ambiance, but I will probably not go back.
4	Very, very good. We managed to get a last minute reservation through our hotel (the wonderful Hotel Nelligan!)- we had tried calling ourselves but you have to leave a message and they call you back. We never got a call back. Call early if you know you want to go here on your next visit to Montreal!We started with the Foie Gras Poutine and I had the tart with foie gras and blood sausage. The poutine was good, your average poutine but the foie gras slices were large and plentiful! I didn't mind that the foie gras was in large somewhat gelatinous slices on top, but I could see how poutine traditionalists would be turned off by it. The tart was good as well and I couldn't believe the amount of foie gras and blood sausage for 28! Plus the tart itself was enormous! It was good, a bit soggy at the bottom, but good nonetheless. The foie gras, which I had a lot of, was good, but not the best I've ever had, which was somewhat disappointing after all the hype of this place. Everything was very rich and so with the big portions it was hard to finish - but no complaints about that! The service was very attentive (for the ladies - it seemed like only handsome hipster waiters worked there - nice!). The atmosphere is casual but upscale casual, it draws a very hipster/cool crowd.
5	It's hard to know where to start here. How about with AMAZING!!!!! This was my first trip to Montreal in 20 years. This place was highly recommended to me and it exceeded all expectations. We had made reservations about a month ago for the bar where you can watch the food prep. The room is small, narrow and loud. Sitting at the bar makes it a little more difficult to hear and I had to focus in on the waiter more. Tip #1, listen to your waiter. He/she will definitely use French as their 1st language but English is no problem. With the loudness, you do have to focus in more on what the waiter has to say. They know what's fresh and how to order. Oddly enough, we started with a snow crab appetizer. Not know for seafood, but we were told the crab season just opened and they had just got a shipment this morning. It was soooooo good! Simply prepared, it came with homemade tarragon mayonnaise  to dip in. The crab meat was sweet and succulent. The dish was a lot of fun too. They served a hot bowl of water with hand cloths to clean up after. Now for the granddaddy of them ALL! The guinea hen for 2. This is the absolute ultimate in fowl. The guinea hen body is roasted to succulent perfection. The legs and wings are removed prior to cooking and are seared and confited then reassembled with a wood skewer. The bird is served whole with carving knives. Again, it's a super fun dish that was even tastier. The bird is served on a mashed potatoes and mushroom and root vegetables. The mashed and vegetables were incredibly rich but it was like eating drugs or something. Once you start you can't stop. Do not plan on going out to party after this meal. You will want to curl out and chill for sure.I can't speak highly enough of this place. Canadiens and the people of Montreal were incredibly welcoming and made us feel right at home. The bread, beer, wine and attention to detail were incredible as you would expect from a Martin Picard restaurant. Next time, Sugar Shack!
5	I got a reservation via email for 9pm on Good Friday. We showed up and were immediately shown to our table, which was a nice surprise given how crowded the restaurant was at that time. We were seated next to the station where waiters pick up the food, cut bread, etc. It was interesting to see how they do their jobs, but it was definitely where our attention was, instead of on each other and conversation.Nonetheless, started with duck carpaccio. It was amazing. Very rich with the egg yolk and olive oil, but such a smooth taste. I definitely recommend it. My friend had duck in a can, which is fois gras, duck breast, and cabbage cooked together in a can. It's served with a very rich, dark sauce, with some whipped cauliflower on a crostini. It was very rich and heavenly. I had duck with mushroom sauce. Again the sauce was so rich and earthy, and the duck was cooked beautifully. They serve you alot of food, so we didn't have any sides. I'm glad we didn't, as we were stuffed as it was.Other reviews mentioned the hostess having an attitude towards english speakers and the waiters being indifferent. We are American and did not get that feeling at all. Hostess was nice, person that did my reservation over email was nice, waiters were nice. They just aren't that into refilling your wine and asking how you are doing every few minutes....but they are nice and get you your food....that's all I can ask for.In my opinion this place is a MUST go in Montreal, and if I ever visit again, I will be back!
4	I decided to go to this restaurant for my birthday, expecting eating a lot, i invited my little brother. we sat at the bar, and everyone was welcoming us. The waitress the whole time was really helpful. We decided to go for Bison Temaki, it was delicious and was served like a Maki Roll and the Bison Tongue, that was also tasty and perfectly cooked. The Girl said we should get the Melting Pot PDC, it was one of my favorite meals, was Maple Syrup and 100g of foie gras!! then we had the Foie Gras Poutine, also really good, one of the best i had. I really love Boudin, so i had to take the Boudin home made Tart. was delicious! Finally we decide take the special Veal. pefectly cooked and nice portion. We were so full!! and decide to share a dessert, Poached Pear, it was not too sweet. Everything was good, the service was nice too. The food was delicious just maybe too much salty for me, probably not because they add salt but the foie gras is already heavy in salt. other than that was a great experience, but i dont think i will come back , or maybe once a year...i rather go somewhere to eat as good and have more personality into the service, if you pay 200$ for 2 persons i would like to have better service. some other place we would have free shots or free dessert, like i was celebrating my bday. but i would recommand this place if you want have the best foie gras or great pork. :)
4	I had eaten here a few weeks ago while I was visiting Montreal with friends. I figured this place had gotten such good review I would try it myself. The quality of the food here is great but the prices are up there. The staff friendly and very efficient.  I thought the size of the restaurant was a little on the narrow side and trying to just walk to the restroom was a challenge if someone was also in your path. With that being said the noise level was high too. All and all if you are in the area definitely check this place out.
5	I came here a second time and still couldn't get a reservation.  I ended up eating my EXTREMELY DELICIOUS FOIE GRAS POUTINE on the curb.  Top three best meal of my life! The Duck gravy is perfect! Savory, flavorful and a good consistency.  Big lobs of foie gras nestled on top.  It was so beautiful, I teared up momentarily before devouring. Don't even think about the $37 price tag. Just order it and enjoy a full body foodgasm.
5	Best restaurant I've been to ever. Everything they served kept getting better and better. There isn't a sign out only a street number thought that was curious...
2	So, my impressions - with the rave reviews we made reservations as soon as our travel dates were confirmed - about 6 weeks in advance.  On arriving, the hostess told us there were no tables available but that she could seat us at the bar (there were at least 3 vacant tables in sight at the time).  After a bit of discussion, we got a table beside the serving station and it became pretty clear that as tourists, nobody gave a rats-ass about us.  The food, well, it was really heavy.  I get it, they like pigs and they're big on meat but seriously, toss a salad into the mix. Over-all, I really wouldn't bother with this place.  Over-hyped and pretty full of itself, Montreal has a lot of other options out of there.  Interestingly, when I mentioned PDC and Joe Beef to a business associate who lives in Montreal, she hadn't heard of either of them.
5	Went there this weekend and had a fantastic time. It's my 7th or 8th time and I'm always amazed.I also got to take a picture with Martin Picard. wohoo!I started off with the their house beer which was delicious. Then came the foie gras overload...but it rocked my senses.I highly recommend the 1) Cromesci 2) Duck capaccio 3) duck in can 4) ploc a champlain *** (my favrotie) 5) pecan pie.
4	For our only night of dinner in Montreal, one of my friends called long in advance to reserve a table here, based on its fame for preparing duck (and foie gras in particular) really well. Funny, because she was the vegetarian in our party...with the reservation, getting seated was a cinch. The restaurant comes off as a lot more casual than one might think; it's about as loud as a bar is, and you have music playing in the background, adding to what comes off as a much more casual atmosphere. The menu is unfortunately a bit lacking in description (I think it's that way in French and English, so you're out of luck no matter what), which didn't help too much when we were trying to figure out what to order. Our service was pretty solid in bringing out our food and making sure our beer mugs were kept full.As for the food itself, we started out with the tarragon bison tongue, which was really good. It's lightly cooked, but not overly done, giving it a texture that falls apart when you bite into it. The goodness of tarragon, mixed in with a cream sauce, really makes this a flavorful keeper as far as appetizers go. The onion soup is also really good here - it's got much more depth and flavor than most American versions of French onion soup have, and the cheese is present enough to give it flavor, but not dominate the dish when you take a bite. The maple-glazed fried chicken wings (which were a daily special) were also really good as far as wings go, but they're also incredibly sticky (you're provided a hot washcloth to wipe yourself off afterward). As for the main courses - well, we went all-out and had virtually a sampling of every meat dish there was. The house cut of pork was very succulent, although a big chunk of it was just fat and bone - which maybe explains why it weighed as much as it did. The terrine was phenomenally done here - one of the best I've had, and it worked really well with the apricot jam that was served alongside of it. The guinea hen (and yes, it's a full hen, complete with feet!) was pretty much what I'd expect from a chicken dish, although I did like the mashed potatoes combined with the gravy/broth that was left in the bottom of the pot. The duck magret was not terribly memorable (I would pass), while the duck in a can was very good. In particular, the foie has a texture that is somewhere between the kind that just melts as soon as you take a bite, and terrine. It works to add a substantive fattiness to the duck meat. Although we were absolutely stuffed at the end, we had to go for dessert, and I'm glad we did. The milkshake is not heavy at all, and it's got a nice hint of maple that really makes it a sweetly perfect way to finish off dinner. The ganache is also really good - with a bunch of crunchy nuts on top - but it's hard to beat the milkshake.In all, we had a really solid dinner here. I wouldn't say it's necessarily the best of any of the meats I've ever had, but they do a really solid job with it. The food's a bit on the heavy side, and the portions are not small - so plan appropriately when ordering! I'd love to come back and try some of the other foie dishes, just to taste how many different ways it can be utilized.
2	I went here last night.  It was my first time and I was quite excited having heard so much about it, however it did not live up to the hype.  I started off with the Assiette Cochonailles and then had veal tartar.  All were quite tasty.  I especially liked the maple milkshake for dessert.  However the food as not the problem for me.What left me so disappointed was the service.  Our reservation was for 7 yet we only got seated at 7:30.  It took forever for the waiter to take our order.  The starters came in a decent amount of time but then there was a significant wait for our main dishes.  When they did finally come they didn't bring the fries that came with my tartar so I had to flag down the waiter to ask for them.  My friend wanted to get her water refilled and had to ask twice before they finally did it.  Since this was my first time I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume that maybe it was just a bad night for them.
5	So I'll start off by saying that my boo and I are complete piggies. Nearly everything we ate had foie gras or was fried in duck fat... or both. We got like 5 plates of food and gorged ourselves until our bellies were fully distended. Even our waiter was giving us looks of doubt as he delivered an entree of veal tartare with MORE duck fat fries. Needless to say, we walked halfway home just to get our metabolism back up to speed. I probably looked like a happy pregnant woman. Just enjoy, without abandon. This is the best fried/maple glazed/meaty food you can get.
3	I have to say that I really expected more from this place.  I enjoyed the experience, sure, and I think that I will try to bring my father here if he visits me again before I move out of Montreal, but I really wasn't wowed in the way that others clearly were.  I don't get the raving, honestly.  It's solid, it's interesting, there's good meat, but it's not mecca and you're probably not going to have an epiphany after eating here.  So, here's what...We liked:1) The Duck Magret in Mushroom Sauce.  Yum.  It was, apparently, even better cold.2) The Foie Gras Cromesquis.  Someone said that it was an explosion in your mouth and that is a perfect description.  Delicious and surprising.3) Friendly service.  I was worried, after reading the reviews, that they would peg us for Anglos (or, god forbid, as Americans) and treat us like we were the scum of the earth.  That was absolutely not the case.4) The house beer was tasty.  It was not anything to write home about, but it was quite good and I like the idea of a house beer.We didn't like:1)  It was LOUD.  As in I could not hear 75% of the things the servers said.  So when I say they were friendly, I'm judging mainly based on facial expressions, water-pouring, and timing.  The open kitchen + music that is way too loud = good luck having a conversation.2) My veal tartare was onion-heavy.  Pretty tasty, but onion heavy.  And the choice to basically dice it up and serve it in a little dome?  Well, honestly, it looked a bit like what my cat puked up on my rug before we left for the restaurant...3) When they packed our food up to go, the guy that was packing walked off with the food and then picked the fries (which come in a paper cone tucked into an ice cream glass) up out of their dish WITH HIS MOUTH before putting them in the container.  He bit the paper and discarded the glass in full view of all the diners (open kitchen, you know).  I was horrified by this.  My friend didn't really care and ate them anyways, but come on.  You can't pull something like that in front of your entire dining room (or in the privacy of a closed kitchen).4) The bathroom is behind the bar?  Wut?So, I'd go again, but not because it's somewhere I'm dying to go.  I would take someone who would really enjoy pig and pate and with whom I do not feel a burning desire to have an intimate conversation over dinner (no offense, Dad).
4	Totally lucked out on a last minute same day reservation on a last minute trip to Montreal. 10 pm reservation? No problem, my stomach can wait. Easy street parking. Promptly seated by a wonderful host. Waiter was efficient but not overly warm, which is fine by me. The bus boys were amazing, kept refilling water, wiped the table, brought us bread with refills etc. They really kept an eye out for everything we needed without us even asking. The house beer and ciders went well with a greasy meal. From where I sat, it looked like they made most of their food with the wood burning oven which was a sight to see. The foie gras cromesquis weren't as great as some of the reviews had said but it's a good small starter. I didn't really taste much of foie gras. The tarragon bison tongue had some wonderful flavor, we licked the plate clean. However, the dish wasn't as exotic as I imagined, probably because I've eaten lots of tongues growing up. :-)  The foie gras two ways (foie gras hamburger and foie gras poutine) was the bomb. OMG heavenly good foie gras, cooked to perfection. I really wanted to order more food but I was so full...must come back again with a larger group on my next trip! BTW, Martin Picard was in the house....did I say I totally lucked out already?
4	We all went back and forth many times on whether APDC should get three or four stars. I thought we were off to a good start when I was able to make reservations and confirm via email, vs over the phone as their website says. I checked in early with the hostess, and she told me that they were clearing up tables in the back, and within 5 to 10 minutes would get us in. 45 minutes later, many people empty from their tables, and a few people that came after us were seated before us! I was outraged.Outrage redux when people seated after us were then attended to and served before us. I believe because we're younger patrons, they figured we wouldn't be cash cows like the monied yuppies or older men could be.Inside, the restaurant has no decor or theme to speak of. There's only ONE bathroom for the entire restaurant, awkwardly set behind the bar area so that you have to maneuver past the bins and staff. I did give them one extra star in my book for playing Montreal music such as Leonard Cohen (!!) and Arcade Fire. We started with the foie gras cromequis, which really were surprising but pleasant explosions in your mouth. The foie gras tart followed: a nice melted circle of cheese and foie gras on a buttery pastry. We were all waiting for the foie gras poutine, and we all chose it as our favorite. The mix of melted foie and the usual gravy was sinful. Our final dish was the PDC melting pot, and it was a more disappointing note to end on: with sub-par blood sausage and what was sadly too much like a hot dog.Make sure you share everything: it sounds as though we ordered very little for four, but any more than the amount we got and we would have passed out at the table from the richness. My friend actually described her state as "food drunk". I'm glad we went at least once to see what all of the hype was about. Even if it didn't quite live up to it as the best meal of my life, it's up there.
3	It's too heavy/fatty for me! I had the foie-gras poutine and the duck in a can, and it's a bit too much of grease! i won't be coming back...but the place has a good vibe, and I can understand why is so popular!
5	Wowww, this place ROCKED my WORLD & taste buds and now I can truly say I have had Great & Authentic French food.  I was lucky that my server, Alex, pampered & SPOILED me with her expertise.  I had told her that I'm from LA where Foie Gras is unjustifiably banned because we foolishly care more about animals & pets than other poor & starving human beings and, thus, I had to have my taste buds ROCKED by foie gras and Alex succeeded with: 1) foie gras cromesquis & 2) guedille lobster sandwich with foie gras.Thank u sooooo much Alex and Au Pied De Cochon for a memorable dinner!!!
4	Somehow, we managed to squeeze ten people around a table that's probably meant for eight. They were super-nice about trying to get us all comfortably put at our table. We fit at the table a lot better before the meal than after the meal.The menu is minimalist. It basically reads like "duck, pig, duck, seafood" without mention of sides or prep. Between the internet and accommodating servers, though, you can figure out what makes sense for you.Ironically, I ordered no pork. With ten at the table, I figured I'd be able to snack on others' pork (which was true -- I had my fair share of feet). I got:-- hen liver terrine: so smooth and rich, with nice sides of picked onion and fruity compote.-- duck carpaccio: came with paper thin slices of mushrooms and an egg yolk. perfectly balanced and creamy. I just slurped it up on the endless supply of slices of the hearty bread.-- foie gras poutine: i would've preferred more fries to balance out the amount of other richness. i almost ordered another side of fries to dump in, but realized that i might die of richness if i did so.i also tried the duck with mushroom sauce and aforementioned pied, both of which were great. It took so long to get the bill that i was getting a little nauseous from fullness and the meaty smell that pervaded everything, but i made it out alive.giant mirrors help you stalk the bathrooms (one on each side of the bar) so you can catch someone coming out and jump in. one bathroom has a tv mounted at eye level (i watched a bit of hockey) and the other has a giant trough sink. random.so yeah - try it. bring a group so you can sample lots of stuff. don't be afraid to ask questions. wear stretchy pants.
4	I love Martin Picard's restaurant. The ONLY thing preventing this from being 5 stars is that I found the place a bit cramped, and we sat beside the doorway on a cold winter evening, so was a bit drafty for me (I wore my jacket indoors).Otherwise, the food is fantastic. Now, I'm not going to wax poetic about the restaurant namesake dish -- so delicious -- or how a simple sugar pie blew my mind. It's all been said in the past reviews.What I do want to say is that Martin Picard has created a high level restaurant that's actually accessible to different types of financial circumstances. This is super important in that allows you to have no awkward situations with friends who may choose to simply have a $20 or under meal (one entree can be argued to feed two people due to the portions), while someone else in the table decides to blow the bank with $100+. There are options for whatever your gastronomic budget for the evening may be.So, if you're thinking of a place that offers great food and service with varying price ranges, this is the place for you. Definitely a must-go if you're in Montreal.
5	OMG!! 1 of the best meals I've ever had. The duck carpaccio was phenomenal... it's hard to describe the melt in your mouth texture and with the egg yolk smothered all over it, it was heavenly. The foie gras poutine - I'd prefer the fries to be a bit thicker-cut, and the cheese curds to be more melted. But what can go wrong with foie gras, french fries and gravy?! The portion was just right for 2 of us to share and feel satisfied without the greasy feeling. Finally, we had the PDC (pied de cochon) to share. We did not order the one which is stuffed with foie gras as that would be FG-OD. This dish was huge! The pork knuckle was exactly how I liked it to be... so soft and tender the meat is falling off the bone.. and the sauce which comes with it was sooo good. It comes with a side of mashed potato with cheese whipped in it. We left VERY happy and I wished I can come back here everyday to try EVERYTHING on the menu...
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE. This remains one of my favorite restaurants anywhere. The atmosphere is comfortable / casual and the emphasis is absolutely on culinary excellence. Eating here is an experience, one that resonates days, weeks, months after there meal is over. I have a difficult time making a decision on what to order, unlike a lot of restaurants that have predictable menus and standard offerings, a "standard" offered at Au Pied de Cochon will not be standard ... it will exceed your expectations. This place lives up to its reputation, why I'm able to still get a seat there without waiting 1/2 a year is a mystery! TIP: the bread is excellent but try to lay off it before the meal, the portions are generous and often rich.
5	A few words, outstanding, impeccable, decadent, gluttonous, succulence, shame and short term regret are just a few of the feelings and thoughts that will ebb and flow while dining at Au Pied de Cochon.  The vibe is non pretentious, the staff is friendly, very knowledgeable and the food is remarkable.  A few things to note APC is not for those who are health conscious or pretending to be on a diet.  Food this complex and rich will cause your system to go into a tailspin/shock so be forewarned your heart rate and blood pressure might take a turn for the worse.  Let's not forget the incredible seafood offerings that range from the budget minded to the Neptune of gluttony.  For a person who generally avoids pork and generally Foie Gras related contents this was an amazing culinary experience.  I broke the rules and really enjoyed the below feast.Foie Gras Cromesquis - Wow Tomato Tartlet - WowTarragon Bison Tongue - Wow.  Never say neverFoie Gras 'Tout Nu' - Wow Terrine -WowPDC's Cut - 500 Grams of Pork Loin I mean come on man?  Wait are you going to take all of this to the face?Duck Margret in Mushroom Sauce -A good choice and solid selection of thinly sliced duck breast.Duck in a Can - This should not be missed highly impressed with the content and presentation.  A must for all first time visitors.Fries (in duck fat) - These were awesome too bad I was running out of steam.PDC's Mashed Potatoes - Cheese curds blended with handmade mashed potatoes Pied de Cochon - Beer and we had plenty.
4	If you can't get a seat, at least get something take out. It's just that good. Price point was blown by the Duck-in-a-Can, a fantastic concoction of duck and foie gras in stew form with enough butter to kill you. There was nothing wrong with it. In fact, I absolutely enjoyed it even though you lose a bit when you have to eat it out of a take out tray because you forgot to make reservations two weeks in advance. The thing is this. There are some food items that can feed a family of four. Duck-in-a-Can, while exquisite in both style and substance (100g of foie gras in every can!) for $50, you can get a vastly more substantial meal that does not leave you licking the grease off the plate. Oh, and do get reservations really really early. I waited til about a week before my trip and it was too late. They're also closed Monday and Tuesday.
4	I've been here twice, Memorial Days 2012 and 2013, and it's definitely a place you don't need to go to more than once a year. They don't do balance here - just about everything on the menu is a celebration of richness, fat and decadence, so the key is to order strategically so you don't get overwhelmed.Though you're probably going here for pork/duck/foie, I highly recommend the PDC raw bar platter, a fantastic spread of fresh oysters, clams, escargot, crab salad, etc, etc. This massive platter (the smallest of several offered!) could easily serve as appetizer for a table of 6-8 and is a relative bargain at $60. (I had it with a party of two others and was stuffed by the time the entrees came!) What's particularly great about it is the brininess of the seafood that serves to complement all the goose and pig fat you'll be eating later. For that reason, the endive salad is also a fine choice.The namesake pied de cochon is a huge, delicious trotter smothered in a sauce flavored with mustard and vegetables. The meat itself is blanketed by a thick layer of skin and fat, which you can nibble on sparingly while going for the falling-apart flesh underneath.Foie gras poutine smothered in the richest gravy and a generous number of lobes is delicious for two or three bites until it begins to overwhelm. Get one for the table, or make someone else order this and eat off their plate.Also order the side of vegetable. On the night we came it was a delicious serving of spring asparagus and fiddleheads, simply prepared, that was instrumental in combating overrichness.I was a tiny bit underwhelmed by both duck in a can and duck magret with mushroom sauce. Would probably stick to pig in future trips.The decor is classic French bistro with subway tile, dark woods and a sizeable bar and impressive glass wine room you can admire from the dining room. No wines by the glass, so it's bottles or beers. Make reservations well in advance.
5	This is by far the easiest 5 I have ever given a restaurant. In fact this place might be the best restaurant I have ever been to. I heard a ton about this restaurant and decided to do some research and plan out my meal ahead of time. I highly recommend this strategy since the menu is overwhelming and you will most likely order way too much food. To start we (my boyfriend and I) ordered the Foie Gras Cromesquis. They were pretty good. The liquefied foie gras inside exploded in our mouths as promised. Next we ordered the Duck Carpaccio which came topped with oil, spices, and a raw egg yolk meant to be mixed in to create a homemade mayo. The duck was paper thin and  good. The next item blew us away. The Bison Tongue in Tarragon Cream Sauce. This item was simply divine. Flavorful, tender, creamy, a hint of spice. The textures and flavors that made up this dish were perfect. I could eat this every day. Luckily my boyfriend acquiesced when I suggested we split an entree. After three appetizers we were already feeling full. We ordered the PDC Melting Pot which I would completely recommend to anyone who wants to try a bunch of different things but don't know what to order. I also highly suggest splitting this meal. Again, we were amazed that food could be made to taste that good. There were 4 different kinds of meat (homemade blood sausage, pork belly, homemade pork sausage, and another cut of pork) all perched atop a bed of fluffy, creamy, cheesy mashed potatoes and caramelized onions with a yummy and light brown gravy drizzled all over the thing. These flavors and textures all together comprised the best thing I will ever put in my mouth. So meaty, so flavorful. The blood sausage was rich and delicious. The pork belly literally melted in your mouth. I thought my boyfriend was going to cry over how good it was. We ordered duck fat fries on the side but sadly hardly touched them. We washed everything down with beer and the best cider I've ever had. We thought our stomachs were at capacity so we ordered the check. After sitting for awhile and enjoying the company of our fellow restaurant goers (coincidentally the tables on either side of us were from NYC and we all struck up lively conversations about food) Martin Picard comes over to our table and asks us how everything was. I guess we were so inspired by his presence that we mustered up the courage to subject our stomachs to more food, sent our check back and ordered a Sugar Pie and coffee. Great decision. The Sugar Pie was sweet but not overly so. It was creamy, the tart crust was buttery and it was served with refreshing vanilla ice cream. One of the best desserts I have ever had. Overall, our experience at this restaurant was fantastic. The jovial atmosphere was fun and welcoming. The waiter was GREAT. Friendly and so funny and helpful. Everyone seemed to be having a fantastic time oohing and ahhing at the dishes being served at the next table over from them. At 11pm when we were walking out, the place was still packed. If you are in Montreal and love food go here. Just go here. The prices are right, the food is other wordly and you will have a ton of fun. I can't say enough about this special restaurant. I truly doubt any other restaurant I eat at will live up to Au Pied de Cochon.
5	PDC, you get my 100th review. When it came to be that my friend and I were going to be spending a couple nights in Montreal on our way to Ontario, I knew one thing I had to do, and it was eat at one of the hallmarks of modern restaurants in the country, Au Pied de Cochon. After anxiously awaiting email confirmation on reservations and receiving such, we were all set.Located on the quaint Duluth Ave, PDC is almost easy to miss, without a lot of obvious signage, but we knew the street number that we were looking for. It was a lovely Sunday evening and the restaurant was mostly full, but we were seen to and seated immediately. For such a famous place, it isn't large and is somewhat narrow, although the open kitchen is a treat. It was interesting to listen to the hustle and bustle of the French and English as dishes were fired and would have made a good show from the bar in front of it, I'm sure.My buddy and I were on a mission for some great food and we went all out, with two apps and a main each. I went with the pork rinds, cured foie gras tart and just had to try the namesake dish, pied de cochon.The pork rinds came served in a classic sundae glass and were incredibly light and airy with lots of crackle and pop with each bite. There was a mild pork flavour and they were salted just right and altogether had a clean taste with no hints of old fryer oil.I also snagged one of my friend's cod fritters. Crisp on the outside with a doughy (in a good way) center, with just the right amount of fish flavour and a hit of spice that came at the finish.The foie gras tart was a hearty size, with a flaky pastry filled with mashed potato and slices of rich, velvety smooth foie gras, with a balsamic drizzle.Now after these two appetizers I had been of the mind that I was going to get a single pig's foot or hock on some potatoes. It's a modern restaurant and the servings aren't the sort of size that you get at your run-of-the-mill chain family joint. Quality over quantity and all that. It seems however that with the pied de cochon anyway, that the PDC kitchen shoots for both quality and quantity. When my large dinner plate arrived, it was literally covered with food. I was expecting a lot more white space on my plate, and after two apps and a couple beers, I knew that my stomach couldn't nearly handle what was before me. It took me a couple minutes of food shock before I even started to dig in, resigned to the fact that even my hefty appetite stood no chance and that I'd be taking some of this back to the hotel and leaving some pride behind in its place.Two sizable pieces of foot or hock lie beneath a heaping sauce of caramelized onions, peppers and cream while an equally impressive mound of mashed potatoes was topped with a fritter. The sauce was obviously quite rich and full of flavour while the pig's feet themselves had a thick skin that was still quite crisp despite the plentiful sauce. Pig's feet and hocks are quite fatty and can have a somewhat off putting texture because of this, but there was a great dark pork meat flavour to help offset all the fat. The potatoes are wonderfully smooth and seasoned, however the onion and dijon croquette was a bit too potent for my tastes.This meal put me into a serious food drunk state for a couple hours, but it was more than worth it and if you're in town, you have to give this culinary institution a visit.
5	OH HOLY HELL!  This was our best dining experience in Montreal, and probably top 5 in my lifetime.  I don't know what else I can add other than giving a breakdown of our perfectly planned dinner that did not leave us overly stuffed.  Table for 2: Foie Gras Cromesquis (I could pop like 20 of these in my mouth), Blue Cheese, Apple & Endive Salad (i know.. a salad.. but i think the acidity helped prepare for the glutony ahead), and the Stuffed Pied de Cochon with Foie Gras.  Now the star is the actual stuffed leg, but I swear I developed an addiction to the mashed potatoes underneath, which tasted like the best boxed potatoes blended with the powder on sour cream and chive potato chips.  I mean this as a compliment.  They were delicious. We ordered 4 glasses of wine.. the $10 was not worth it, but I do recommend the $11 glass underneath it on the menu. Our waiter also kicked some serious ass. Hope to see you again!
5	This was the best pizza I have ever had in my 23 years - the foie gras pizza. Amazing service. Au Pied de Cochon isn't a pretentious place, despite it's reputation - it always has people lingering outside on the sidewalk in the summer and the waiters are really friendly and professional. Make reservations well in advance.
5	Delicious. There's not much that I can say that hasn't already been said, but I'll try to add some new information...If you were SO EXCITED to order the pied de cochon entree (like I was), and booked your reservation for 7pm on a Sunday... just be advised that they might be OUT of that dish! They are closed on Monday and Tuesday and don't reorder the pigs feet late in the week. We were disappointed, but rallied and ordered the PDC melting pot with house made boudin, sausage, pork belly and mashed potatoes in a pot (pretty good, though if you're not a huge fan of boudin, try something else). We also had an amazing bone-in pork chop special with garlic and mushrooms. The specials were extensive so pay attention and listen to your server. We also had a delicious veal tagliatelle appetizer special which was melt in your mouth good. The cromesquis were wonderful (as everyone has said), but ONE per person is probably enough since they're so rich (they're 3.50 a serving).The service was very good, though at one point they got very busy and I waited 15-20 minutes for a glass of wine. But I was in such a good mood and the food was so great that I wasn't upset.The atmosphere was lively/busy, but casual. PDC feels like a neighborhood bistro and everyone seemed welcome. It's also a  great menu for tasting and sharing, no matter what your budget. Glasses of wine are reasonable and portions are large.Go!
4	I had such an interesting experience dining here. My friends and I called in early asking about whether or not we needed to make reservations and we were told that we didn't because there was a lot of space. When we got to the restaurant, we were turned away because we supposedly had to make reservations days in advance? It was honestly just a really nasty experience because the waitress aggressively told us that we had no idea what we were talking about. It was just generally a very disappointing first interaction for a place that's rated so highly on a lot of food blogs about Montreal.That being said though, we were determined to give this place a shot. We got a bit luckier the next day and opted ot have an insanely early dinner. We managed to get seated pretty quickly which was nice, and we ordered four different dishes: the poutine (of course), something... with fois gras, the melting pot, and duck in mushroom saucePoutine was so solid. This was my first experience having poutine in Montreal which apparently is a big thing for the Canadians or something. But since I haven't had any other type of poutine, I'm not exactly the best reviewer of whether or not this poutine was worth it. It was definitely very delicious though!I'm not sure what the special was that day but it did have foi gras and it was this strange pancake like thing but... with duck? I really don't know, but I've always been a proponent of the magic of specials so I would just say that you should always order the special because it's a special for a reason right?The melting pot was the other thing that was spoken very highly of on food blogs and was definitely an interesting one. I guess all in all, it wasn't that the food was bad, but it wasn't really anything mindblowing. I guess the special was moderately mindblowing, but everything else was good but nothing too special .tldr; a bit overhyped in all honesty... not a bad experience though
4	Excellent food.   I had the Boudin, the poutine with foie gras and white gravy, and the tartare made into a maki roll.  My mom had the lobster and veg (really good) the wife had Alex chop but I didn't have any.  The fries here (what my son had) are great too.  Oh and I can't. Forget the house blonde beer.The one thing I didn't like was the noise level.  I came here with my wife, mom and two kids (3 years and my 10 month old daughter). I know it isn't exactly a family place, but they were very welcoming and  accommodating.  The noise just reminded me of the cafeteria in grammar school, loud chatter.  It wasn't all that bad, but my son wasn't all that happy with it and my mom and wife were more annoyed than they should have been.  The atmosphere was also pleasant despite the noise.  The staff was nice and as I said, welcoming of a family with kids which is always nice.
5	Why doesn't this exist in NYC?  Someone please stuff half a duck into a can filled with duck fat and simmer it for 27 minutes... pretty please?We came here for a birthday dinner and wound up having a birthday adventure. As with all of my five-star rated restaurants, this place blew me away with the food and atmosphere.  Although there are aspects that I can nit-pick (e.g. unmarked bathrooms and some absent-minded waiters at times), I must tip my hat to the exquisite and delicious meals.Here's what to order:* Foie Gras Cromesquis - this is Foie Gras melted inside a fried ball of awesome.  It's like hot sex in your mouth in a very good way (not that there's a bad way).* Tarragon Bison Tongue - some people may say "ewwww tongue", but you will not be disappointed if you order this. The meat just melts in your mouth and the tongue flavor is lightly masked by a delicate sauce.  I could have probably had 3 of these and that would have been good enough as a meal for me.* Duck in a Can - I thought this was just for the novelty of having a duck in a can being opened and poured onto your plate, but no... it's much more than that. It's everything delicious and unhealthy that you'd gladlly die for multiple times.  The amount of oil and fat in this is ridiculous - you can see it giving you a heart attack before you even take the first bite, but alas, you will bite into heaven and close your eyes in pleasure.  Included in your half duck is foie gras - the whole chunk of it.  Everything about this was amazing - including the bread dipping and stomach holding afterwards. There's too much rich, dense amazingness in this meal to be kept all to yourself, so please share.Everything about the meal was fantastic. I ate here on Saturday night and I'm still full. In fact, this may be the straw that broke the back of my metabolism. it's probably all downhill from here...
5	The most memorable meal that we had during our visit in Montreal was here.ATMOSPHERE: small, casual, busy, noisy, excitingSERVICE: top notch. we sat at the bar and got to see all the actionFOOD: just about everything we tried blew our lids off - we bought the book without hesitation
5	An EPIC Meal - A MUST if you are in Montreal! The Brilliant Chef Picard & His Staff Aim to Please All Your Senses! Rambunctious Ambiance, Meticulous & Attentive Service, Beautifully Flavored Dishes, Huge Portions - All in All One of the Most Lavish & Perfect Dining Experiences of ALL My Travels. Now That is Some Achievement Friends Cause I Have, At least  from the Gastronomical World - the Highest Standards & Expectations.
1	I had a horrible experience.  We called in the same day because I saw the reviews on this site and thought I had to try.  The girl told me on the phone maybe she could get me in if we showed up a bit later that evening but that people usually book a week in advance.So we get there, wait about 45 minutes for a table (despite the fact that there were 2 or 3 empty tables all along).  The waiter (who I suspected was also the owner) rushed me and pressured me to order.  The treatment was like we were privileged to have the time of day in their restaurant.I wanted to know what the menu items that I was ordering were but the waiter wasn't too interested in explaining anything at all.So we hastily and under bad advice choice an onion soup, a blood sausge pie and a pig's foot.The onion soup was quite tasty at the beginning but when we were close to finished, we noticed the chunks of animal fat at the bottom which for me really quite disgusted me.Then came the pig foot and the blood sausage pie - I guess I should have known better than to order a blood sausage pie because it was absolutely an abomination.The foot was an experiment just to see and we were not pleased with the result.Apart from the fact that the majority of the menu items are nasty cuts of meat, the food was not well balanced at all and extremely fatty and salty. Just thinking about this place makes me want to gag. We didn't eat most of the food but the restaurant had no problem charging us. I really don't understand why this place is so popular.
5	Jesus Christ on a stick covered with strawberry jam. (tasteless pun totally intended) There is no word in the English language that can describe this place. Perhaps that's why the French have such fantastic slang. (ie: crowded balcony) ...sidetracked a bit.This establishment has possibly shot up to my top 3 list of restaurants for simply one reason (of many). Foie gras.Our group of 4 managed to get a reservation the day before... and from what I've heard, its a damn miracle. Arrived early, sat early. We began ordering almost everything on the menu that has foie gras in it. Thankfully our waiter was courteous enough to tell us we totally over ordered. We very politely told him to shove it and only took off one item on our list because we are fat and hungry.This was our order:Foie gras Burger (split between 4)Full Foie gras poutineTuna collar (off menu, feeds 3)Duck in a canand finally Pied de cochon.We started with a foie gras burger and the foie gras poutine. I... I think it's the first time I've ever wanted to cry during a meal... I always knew (in theory) that cooking is a form of art. This meal confirmed it. Such emotions came over me but I held it together because I didn't want to look like some kind of pansy in front of my friends... and fellow diners.When they swapped our small plates for giant dinner plates, we knew we were @#$%ed...First came the pied de cuchon. Deboned pig leg.. Trotters were made in to a fried pate with horseradish paste on top. Then came our tuna collar... that thing could have easily taken up a single 2 person table. I'm pretty sure that collar came off of 700lb+ tuna. And finally, came the duck in a can. The duck is cooked in a can. Simple as that. I got a kick out of it when they cracked open the can and just poured it on the plate. The flavors were unimaginable... and I have a pretty damn good imagination... I think there was a tear or two rolling down my face by the end of the meal. And I felt my heart coming close to exploding. It hurts SO GOOD!I would move to Montreal for this place alone... but then I would be fat. And poor.
4	Leave your vegan friends home, they will not like this place. Au Pied de Cochon is not for the faint hearted and be prepared to fully indulge.Au Pied de Cochon gets booked up quickly, so try to make reservations in advanced.  When you're here expect that everything you eat will be extra savory & fatty.  We ended up with a 10pm Saturday reservation booking about a week in advance. We started with the tomato tartlet which is probably the healthiest dish we tried. The french onion soup was too salty for my taste and took away from any enjoyment. We followed with the foie gras poutine, my goodness it's hearty and overwhelming.  But wow the flavor is amazing.  They do not cheap out on the foie gras either.  Then we moved onto the special of the night, a 1.5 lb lobster roll topped with foie gras slices and spicy mayo.  This dish again was overwhelming, but the chunks of fresh lobster paired with foie gras was over overpowered by the spicy mayo.  Would definitely recommend ordering without the spicy mayo. They have this amazing desert of poached pear & vanilla ice cream that cleanses your fatty arteries after your hearty meal of indulgence.
2	I made a reservation and was told only bar seats were still available. Yet when I got to the restaurant a lot of tables were open. Sitting at the bar was uncomfortable. The waiters and barstaff are working, splashing water and ice around (sometimes it lands on you). Sometimes they forget and let out a swear and it just makes for a feeling like you're seated in the back of a kitchen. Highly unpleasant seating, would not recommend accepting anything less than a table out front. As the evening heats up waitstaff are constantly bumping you as they pass by, no matter how much you scooch in. This place could have redeemed itself on the basis of good food. Alas. They are of the unfortunate school of restaurants who think more food = better. NO. More of mediocre food is just a lot of mediocre food. The PDC cut, for example, was raw in the middle and hard to saw through. You would think something named "PDC cut" would fall off the bone and be cooked all the way through. Alas. The blood sausage tort was more of an enormous pizza with blood sausage chunks on top. It was very delicious, but the presentation was lacking, the portion much too enormous. The PDC house beer was a limp-wristed sparkling water rather than a beer. I don't know, I wouldn't waste your time and money on this place when there are so many others to choose from. I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
5	This place is just magnificent!  We went here for my bachelor party, and it did not disappoint!  Me and my boys attacked this 8-Layer Seafood cornucopia!  It had every imaginable thing from the ocean on it, with the exception of a mermaid!  They seated us in a nice long table, although the wait did take about 30-45mins. Which as it turned out wasn't so bad, as we went to the local store, bought a couple of bottles of wine, and enjoyed it while waiting to be seated!Once the food came out  we sorta stared at it, not really knowing how to begin tackling such a  challenge!  Guys were dropping like flies after about 1.5hours of non-stop carnage!  Try the foie gras, its unbelievable!  They also had a "Duck in a Can"...hard to believe, but it was actually pretty good!  All in all, a great and very memorable experience!  Very authentic, fresh food, with great service and staff!
2	This place is crowded, noisy, no atmosphere. The waiters kept trying to squeeze in the tight space between my chair and the chair of the lady in the next table, and it made enjoying our meals in peace really difficult.There are only 2 single washrooms, one for woman, & one for man. I had to wait behind 2 other men, and about 10 minutes to use the washroom.The food is so so, nothing to get excited about. I really think this place is overrated.We tried the tartar bison, the stuffed pied de cochon with foie gras, the bison is okay, the pied de cochon was too spicy & overlooked.
4	Must make reservations and a must try while in Montreal. Heard Anthony Bourdain was here for one of his episodes, and I'm glad I tried this. I love foie gras and theres a huge menu of foie gras items. Definitely order a few small items to share and an entree.1. Foie Gras Cromesquis - two small croquette's filled with foie gras. Eat it all in one bite and it bursts. 2. Duck Carpaccio - meat is very soft, loved it.3. Foie gras poutine - The gravy was so good, it was probably the best poutine dishes I've tried while visiting. They can do half orders too!4. Duck Magret in Mushroom Sauce - only ordered this because they were out of the Stuffed Pied de Cochon with Foie Gras =( Creme Brulee was good, but they burned the top. Overall great experience, but would of loved to have tried more items.
5	How do I even start to describe what was one of the best meals and dining experiences of my life? Two words- foie gras!Our hotel made bar seat reservations for us. Many people would be annoyed by this, but for two very enthusiastic home cooks, these were the best seats in the house. We had so much fun watching the action in the open kitchen. They should charge extra for these seats!The meal- incredible! We started with the foie gras cromesquis which were so delicious and fun to eat. They just melted in your mouth. We also had a seared foie gras and some type of cheese dish with a mushroom and corn sauce. Hard to describe, but so good, layered, and rich.For entrees we had the duck in a can, which is a marvel and really delicious. I had the  veal with mushrooms and fava beans in a conaque sauce topped with foie gras. Amazing!For dessert we elected to share the lemon meringue pie which was good but certainly not the star of the show. Apparently that honor goes to the baked alaska, which we were just too full to tackle. Next time.The chef engaged us in conversation a couple of times to answer questions about the dishes. And, then finished the meal by doing Jager shots with us. Fantastic place. If you like foie gras or a real culinary adventure, this is the spot!
4	Nice place, pretty good, but could be much better.
4	A popular spot - we managed to squeeze in without a friday-night reso at 11pm (after waiting or 30 mins). Very friendly, helpful service, a good atmosphere and amazing food. I had the melting pot. It's incredibly rich and full of flavour - includes blood sausage, another sausage, pork belly and a puree of some sort (potato I think, but tastier). I actually froze my leftovers and baked them a week later for an indulgent night in with a nice bottle of wine... I highly recommend it ;)My only grudge was the wait for our food. It's pretty slow.. But that may have been due to the duck in a can my partner ordered, which btw he LOVED too :)
4	This was my first foie gras experience and I loved it.  We had the foie gras in cranberry sauce as a starter and then I had the Canard Magret, which was delicious as well.I like the bustling atmosphere in the restaurant and the people who came by our table were very attentive.  However, so many different people came to our table that we were not sure who our official server was and who we should address our questions or petitions to.
3	I had much higher expectations for this place. Dont get me wrong- food was great... but it sort of seemed like they just serve sides with foie gras. Nothing wrong with that... but c'mon.... gets old after a while. I would recommend this restaurant however I was left with a lot to desire.... You broke my heart Au Pied
4	Au Pied de Cochon had the best mashed potatoes I've ever had.  They were so creamy and cheesy.  The consistency was like no other mashed potatoes I've ever had and they were exquisite.  The rest of the menu was good, but nothing else stood out.  If you like meat, you should be happy with the plethora of choices at this place.The server was very patient and helped navigate the menu.Definitely need a reservation!
5	Duck, Duck, Duck... in a can! It was absolutely delicious. The foie gras / duck combination was very good. I was a little bit worried I was going to be sick of foie gras after the foie gras poutine (which is also definitely worth trying!), but it was still great. Our waiter was really cool too, he tried so hard to keep us happy, making jokes and making sure we enjoyed everything we ordered. He gave good menu suggestions and when we left he ran out after us to wave goodbye (and it's not like I left a huge tip!)The family behind us ordered the tuna collar, which was HUGE. If I come again with a group (this time was just me and the girlfriend), I will definitely try it. This is by far my favorite restaurant in Montreal.
4	After hearing about how good this place is we had to check it out for ourselves.  It did not disappoint.  Everything we had was delicious and surprisingly it was moderately priced.  The vibe in this place is pretty cool....  Even the cooks had a beer in hand. Worth checking out.
1	Too hyped, too heavy, too much attitude.We had high expectations for Au Pied Du Cochon, which is considered one of the best culinary experiences in Montreal.  First, the hostess was rude - we asked to be seated early, to which she responded "not even a minute."  Noisy, crowded - not a pleasurable dining environment.  The menu is also very limited - half pork, half foie gras.  The portions are too big and everything is over the top - no subtlety.  The beef rib was delicious, however...no complaints there.For a great traditional French meal with ambiance, try L'Express...for top notch food, Lameac.
2	Great poutine, good duck, great halibut.  Snotty, slow service. The hostess was rude and nearly nonverbal (and I'm bilingual). The air conditioning was raining water on us, and she was mean about our request for a different table if possible. Though the food is excellent, there is equally inventive food with better service in Montreal.
5	This place is a foie gras paradise. Even though I thought they'd have to cart me home after eating here, it ended up being that it is rich in the most perfect and balanced way.We ordered the foie gras crosmequis (or croquettes), the foie gras poutine, and the famous duck in a can.The crosmequis - two tiny one bite croquettes - just exploded with rich melty flavor in your mouth. Amazing start to our meal. At only $3.50 you should def make sure to try this - I promise you'll be tempted to order more.The foie gras poutine - I thought the foie gras would be way too much on such a rich dish, but it melded so well with the cheese/gravy and added a delicious extra layer of flavor.The duck in a can - this was intense. The presentation was amazing (the waiter brings a can opener to the table, opens up the cutely branded can, and pours out the contents on a giant plate). The duck was almost steak like, something I wasn't expecting, but which proved to be a great balance to the creamy texture of the foie gras. The vegetable broth had amazing flavor, although it was very soft, almost mushy. Make sure you pick out the garliccloves though - these were delicious. Overall, really original (both flavor and presentation) and worth the high price tag.Other notes:*the dark chocolate pot de creme we had for dessert was another winner.*try the house brew - I want to say its pilsner style, really good complement to their food.*even though our server was slammed (seems common in Montreal, even in higher end restaurants), he spent time helping us understand the menu and overall gave excellent service - and even snapped a photo of us at the end of our meal!I think this was the stand out meal on my visit to Montreal - which is saying a lot in a city brimming with amazing food options. Ill be dreaming about this meal until my next trip to Montreal.
5	If you're not into food. Don't go here. If you adore food, you must eat here now!Some framework: I've eaten at L'espalier in Boston, love martini's at the Ritz in Central Park South NYC and appreciate Buffs Pub in Newton, MA. It doesn't always need to be fine food, but it needs to be good food and cooked properly. Anything less- send it back and leave...ok....THE BAR AND KITCHENWe sat at the bar (as requested). Overlooking the kitchen. Watching them prepare, without fail, dish after dish. Heating every plate, food going out STEAMING hot. Kitchen moving fast and efficient. It is a well run kitchen.ATMOSPHEREThe atmosphere is loud and casual. it's energetic and fun. It's small and tight.FOOD AND DRINKSThe drinks were yummy. We ordered the specials, mojitos and maple daqueris. Finely done.We ordered lots of foie gras in various forms. It was cooked to perfection. Tender. The hand made bread= amazing! Perfect outside crackle to it. Dense. Perfect.At the recommendation of the sous chef, we had the halibut for dinner, which was cooked to perfection. Rich sauce.The food is rich and decadent, but absolutely worth it. One of the best meals I have EVER eaten. I highly recommend this place. 100%. If you have ONE place to go in Montreal. This is it! :)
4	This place is fantastic and fantastically hard to get a reservation for.  That being said, I'd suggest that you go early (right when they open) and hope that they have some availability!Special of the day pate: omgah. large block of pate for 7 bucks? couldn't get enough of it.Foie Gras poutine: best poutine i had throughout my trip to montreal. delicious gravy, chunks of foie gras, fresh cut fries...just can't beat it. a little on the pricier side, though ($23?), but definitely worth itBison Tongue: This was also pretty good, nice and tender.Boudin blood sausage: I'm not normally a fan of blood sausages so this was only classified as "alright" to me. However, my friends loved the taste and the textureDouble down: cheese/ham sandwiched in between two lightly breaded pieces of porkchop. quality and hearty.Everything was pretty much right on the money and highly affordable. General Tips:1) Get there early iff you don't have a reservation, because this place fills up quickly2) Order family style and enjoy
4	Ah oui, oui! That's French. They speak French in Montreal. Embrace the local culture you illiterate slob! We did! I was in Montreal for a bachelor party and one of our dinners was at APC. C'est magnifique! (Translation: We had a great dinner. The food was amazing, reasonably priced, and the perfect taste of the locale cuisine). (Subnote: my French isn't very good so that translation might be off).I went with a big group of 13, and the restaurant is rather small so we had to break up into two tables, but they put our tables right next to each other and they seated us as soon as we arrived even though we were late. This place is a meatlover's paradise. I'm getting the meat sweats just thinking about it. There are a bunch of dishes on this menu that you won't get in America, but they aren't scary or gross. They're just interesting new takes on some of your old favorites.We ordered a bunch of different appetizers and mains and split as a group. We probably weren't as adventurous as we should've been, but we were starving and drunk, and were so scared of not liking our food that we wanted to play it safe. Most of my table agreed that the duck in mushroom sauce was the best, but honestly, everything was delicious. The pork shank, the shark (yes, shark! Doesn't feel so good to get eaten, huh, shark?), the pork chops, the spaghetti that they made table-side in a large wheel of parmigiano....it was one of the best meals I've ever had. Even better, the portions are HUGE (as I found most portion sizes in Montreal to be, not sure how everyone who lives there isn't 500 pounds), and for a nice restaurant, it was incredibly reasonably priced. The mains were around $22-30. Maybe I'm just used to NYC prices, but our meal was so reasonable it made me want to shred my American passport, learn French, move to Montreal, marry a stripper from Chez Paree, and settle down in this lovely Canadian city.Why not a 5 star review? Our service sucked. Everything took forever - from taking our drink orders, to taking our food orders, to getting the check, etc., everything seemed like a battle to get our waiter to pay attention to us. Maybe he just hates us because we're smelly Americans, or perhaps it was just a more laid-back, European dining experience and we're all pushy NY jews so we don't know how to relax? Either way, try this out if you're in Montreal and a meat eater, you won't be disappointed!
3	Punch by punch review.Reservations made over a month ago for 8pm, 8h42 we are not in the door yet, the table is not ready, it does not start well...Server does not know the prices on the specials... "Its 25 or 28 or 30$".Menu is not descriptive so asked the waiter to order is own favorites. Haren as an appetizer, can of duck for the main course. Lets see if he knows his food.They also have their own wine imports so I told my preferences to the waiter so he can pick me a bottle... I'm putting alot of faith in this waiter...Good pick from the waiter on the wine, syrah, copain from california.Appetizer was ordinary, I should have asked more questions... Not a big fan of fish with skin on it...The canned duck was decadent, decadent. Just too much. Insane amounts of foie gras. Not used to eating so rich... I'm gonna faint.Conclusion: I've had the pied de cochon experience, its done, it was good, not coming back.Its an experience to have but its too loud, seating is too tight, food is too rich, now going to bed.
4	So many other good reviews that seem very accurate. Make your reservations, loosen your belt and enjoy!! As this was my first visit, I had Duck in a Can. It was good. It was also a popular dish that evening. My partner had the Pied de Cochon. Also quite good. However, my appetizer was a personal favorite. The Guinea Hen Liver Mousse was simply spectacular. Served in a jar with crispy bread and a cornichon, it's a fun presentation (much like the Duck in a Can) and this dish really pleases the palate. I had to slow myself down to enjoy each and every bite. It just tasted TOO good to eat quickly. Order this app and you'll be left wanting to lick the inside of the jar clean...or at least use your fingers to savor every last morsel...
5	After viewing Au Pied and the chef/owner on Anthony Bourdain's "No Reservations," my hubby and I chose to take a trip to Montreal with one main goal of dining at de Cochon. If you are a foodie, it is a MUST DO on your bucket list. Called before leaving the US to make reservations to sit at two of the five or so counter seats they have that overlooks the kitchen (were Tony sat). It was absolutely amazing to see how many fantastic plates were consistently handed out from such a tiny space. Watching the chefs true symphony of movements between one another was incredible. The food, ahhhh the food. So rich, inventive, highest quality ingredients. Husband had a foie gras burger. Thought it would be a burger with a slice of foie on top. Nope, Whole "patty" was foie. I had the terrine. Cannot find the words to experience the flavors and textures, other than to boldly say an orgasm in my mouth. Chatted with the chefs the whole time and even got to meet the owner/head chef toward the end of our meal. As a result we were offered several free tastings of other menu items including foie gras poutine and even little deep fried cubes of foie (yup, I know). (Another advantage of sitting at the bar.) For the first and only time in my life I experienced a true "food coma" is. No amount of vodka or walking could resurrect my foodie spirit from the depths of foie overdose, but ya know what?...I would do it again tomorrow. Next time I think I'll try the "duck in a can." Merci beaucoup!!!
5	No wonder this place is the highest rated restaurant in Montreal on yelp and also world renowned.  It's on a small one way road off of rue st. Dennis with a bunch of small restaurants on it.  We were sat immediately by the hostess.  The waiter was very nice and took time with us about recommendations and the specials and was always coming by making sure everything was good and our wine glasses stayed full.First off we got bread and butter which was baked that day which was very tasty.  We decided to share a few appetizers.  We started with the foie gras cromisque  and duck carpaccio.  The duck had an egg yolk that blended perfect with the taste of duck, herbs and spices. Next we got the show stopper.... The foie gras poutine which was nothing short of spectacular.  All of the flavors combined perfectly.  If I could eat one thing for the rest of my life it would be that.  We also had foie gras tout nu which was also delicious.  My girlfriend and I thought we were still hungry so we got the gnocchi.  They prepared it table side mixing everything in a large cut out cheese wheel peeling off cheese while they mixed if was great.  We could not even finish this..... We were so stuffed.  Our clothes felt like they got a few sizes tighter and our waist lines a bit bigger we had to get dessert to go.  But a few hours later a pecan pie in bed was a perfect way to finish the night!Overall of the best meals I've had in my life.   A MUST GO TO in Montreal.  Will 100% be back.
5	While dining at Au Pied, I asked the waiter if we had enough food. He said we had ordered too much. We hemmed and hawed, and finally decided to cut the zucchini blossoms. Tough decision, but probably necessary.When the crab salad came out, it had two zucchini blossoms on it.That's a really classy move. Made me love the place not only for its decadence, but also for great service. I'll tell anybody visiting Montreal to come here.
4	This review will be short & sweet....... When you are in Montreal, get your sweet @$$ to this place. You will not be disappointed.But call at least a week in advance for Reservations !
3	You know, this may have been the biggest disappointments of my Montreal trip, not because it's terrible but because it simply did not live up to the hype. 4.5*? Not at all, in my experience. The positives: The free bread was incredible, the portion sizes were beyond generous, and the prices were very reasonable.The negatives: Everything was too rich (it's hard for me to frame this as a negative but when you start eating the food, you realize it's just too heavy). The $22 "Pied de Cochon" came with the richest mashed potatoes and fried thing on top and very hearty sauce underneath. The huge piece of meat would've been enough for dinner for a family. It felt like a chore to eat it because on the one hand, I didn't want to be wasteful but on the other hand, how could anyone eat something so heavy?I'm clearly in the minority here but it just wasn't an enjoyable experience.
5	Reservations were recommendation so I emailed the restaurant. .  . "Good morning, I would like to make dinner reservations for one for Oct 5 if possible.  I will be traveling to Montreal by myself and would love to dine at a place famed for foie gras.  Please let me know what times are available, I can be very flexible but I prefer 8 pm."Response. . ."Hello, Thank you for your reservation request. For how many people would you like to reserve on October 5th ?"Ummmm please do not let this be an indication of how my solo trip is going to be!!!  Is it so strange for a lady to be traveling by herself just because??!?!  I responded, reiterating that I will be traveling by myself and would only need a reservation for one, just me, nobody but me and my independent woman self.I was granted my reservation and marched in a few weeks later.  The reception from the hostess, waiter and everybody at the restaurant was the very definition of welcoming and helpful.  I was seated at the bar next to a couple other single diners with a full view of the kitchen.  The kitchen commotion was a refreshing change from staring at my phone during a meal (the thing was useless anyway since I was out of the country).After a nice discussion with the waiter over my options, we decided that I would enjoy the squid ink pasta with sea urchin (you had me at sea urchin) and the foie gras tout nu.  Both dishes were very rich with generous portions and were absolutely heaven.  I would have licked the plates to pay my compliments to the chef if I was a little bit less inhibited!!  The two appetizers were a bit much for my solo self as I attacked a plate of poutine earlier for lunch.  I was uncomfortably full but gustatorily satisfied.  Note to self - Save precious stomach space next time!!  You are no long a young spring chicken who can finish a whole large pizza in one setting!!  Those days are over!!For my next visit I am eyeing the foie gras cromesquis and the "duck in a can" as recommended by so many reviewers. . . Unless my waiter persuades me to another dish ;-)
4	Imagine Montreal: green areas and fountain ponds; young and vibrant people floating through, accepting; the most colorful homes; sun glinting off the oblique, magic tilt of an iron staircase winding up the front of your neighbors place. This is, truly, a city made for humanity. Au Pied du Cochon fits right into the city of my dreams. A raucous, friendly bar provides direct viewing access to the chefs in the kitchen, working their pork into mouth treasure. I've never had a pork tenderloin quite like the heaping, tender, white piece I had here on vacation with the woman I love. An excellent beer selection served in big ol' boots didn't hurt either. Enjoy!
1	Just returned from Dinner. I don't understand the hype. The issue was the food. Service was good. Attentive.Comesquis. Were a good start. Fois gras pout nu was also OK. Not special. Tomato tart was very average. Not unlike something you'd eat on a fast food pizza.My Bison rib was good. Vegetable accompaniment was beets tasting substandard. Also came with fries that were just ok. My wife's pork chop was so overcooked it was inedible. After returning to kitchen, the next try was deemed ok. While adequately cooked, the flavor reeked of onions. The pork taste never came through.Dessert was melted vanilla ice cream and ok tasting chocolate pudding. The red wine was also ok. Not great.For perspective, this was our fourth dinner in Montreal. All prior dinners ranged from superb .... Le Filet to Great....Les 400 coupes. Then along comes Au Pied De Cochon, touted as an absolute must. The reality is that APDC doesn't hold a candle to the top names in Montreal. It is resting on it's laurels. Martin Picard needs to reevaluate the current sad state of this place to return it to it's former glory.Until then, I won't return and can't recommend it.Having had the time  to sleep and rethink my review above, I can now clarify my negative feelings for  last night's meal.Previous reviewers have complained about the lack of service,  overwhelming richness of the food and cramped quarters. None of this applied in my case except for cramped quarters which took it's toll at the end of the meal ( more about that later ).This was a case of ill prepared , tasteless and poorly presented food. The only exception to this was the Cromesquis which were an enjoyable start to the meal.Foie gras pout nu.... This was not NAKED as advertised. It was covered with a thick balsamic reduction which totally overwhelmed the flavor. And far from being large ,the portion of foie gras was somewhat skimpy given the price.Tomato tartlet.....this dish lacked flavor. The tomatoes we're flavorless.very pedestrian dish. Happy Pork Chop.... As stated above, this was overcooked to the point of being inedible. The next version provided by the kitchen was cooked well but the preparation required seasoning and was overwhelmed by an onion taste..Bison Rib.... I thought it worked well enough. Just nothing to write home about .vegetables on the side were almost unidentifiable. French fries were ok to good.Wine... The selected  red wine tasted cooked. Just OKChocolate pudding....good but indistinguishable from other average versions.Vanilla ice cream. Hard to mess this up but it arrived half melted.As for seating.... we were seated in a 2 top at the front of the restaurant. This worked well enough until a large party arrived and were seated in front of our table along the window. Elders in the group required space to the point where the gentleman in back of me was now seated alongside of me and the woman to his side cramped my legroom as I was now pressed against my table not knowing whether to laugh or cry. I was exteremely uncomfortable as the hostess looked upon the situation with horror.I couldn't wait to leave. The manager approached. When I described the litany of my experience I focused on the kitchen line as the culprit. He , in the end, agreed. My bill came to 200 dollars. Not a bad price except when you consider how appalled we were by the quality of the food. As I stated above, when you compare APDC to the other top restaurants in Montreal, please be warned. Go elsewhere.
5	Indulgence and excess of the highest order is how I'll remember my night at APDC. This was a meal to end all meals. We had reservations for 8:00 pm on a Wednesday and I almost wish we hadn't eaten anything the whole day. We knew we were in for a night of unrivaled gluttony the moment we walked in, smelled the food and noticed the huge portions sizes on some of the plates.We wanted to start off with something kind of light (by APDC's standards) and got the blue cheese salad,  a sizable plate that came with endives and chunks of blue cheese.  I tried not to use too much cheese on the bread they had given us when we sat down but their fresh bread was addictive and helped balance out the strong cheese.The second dish was one of the specials on the night - baked clam with cheese sauce. I have a hard time stopping myself from trying clams whenever it's on the menu, especially at a place like this when I knew they would prepare it in a way I've never had before. It didn't disappoint. As heavy as the sauce was, the flavors were well balanced and even though each bite was probably a hundred calories, I couldn't help myself from mopping up some of the sauce with more bread.We were already getting full so when informed that our Pied de Cochon with foie gras was going to take a bit of time to come out, we were glad.  When it finally arrived, any delusions we had of trying the duck in a can afterwards quickly disappeared. It's as if French gastronomy took a look in the mirror, didn't like what it saw, and decided to get juiced. All I could do at first was look at the huge portion size of the dish and then feel intimidated by the size of the foie gras sitting on top of the pile of pig knuckles, chunks of pork and onions . Somehow after an hour of battling this dish, aided on by 3 shots of single malt Scotch, we emerged victorious. The only thing I lost in the process was my dignity.APDC is not the place to come and hold back. This place is a weight watcher's worst nightmare... but sometimes it's good to be bad and if you are thinking of going all out,  there's every reason for you to come here.
5	It's been 48 hours. The shakes have almost stopped but the memory of my dinner there will haunt me for the rest of my life. We left coasters from California live under the totalitarian regime of rightousness that has banned Foie Gras in all of its glorious forms. There are secret handshakes, gifts from the chef to duck the ban and protestations that federal land is exempt from this draconian law. That is California. This is Montreal. At Au Pied de Cochon Foie Gras is the star: a big creamy star that leaves you panting, slightly parched and biting your lip as if you've just experienced your lover's lips for the firs time. There are many forms of Foie at Cohon: from deep fried 1 bite morsels of liquified livery goodness to classic terrines and the mother of all pig and goose liver mash-ups: the pig leg stuffed with seared foie gras. One decadent and insanely tasty ingredient that morphs into a myriad of dishes and accoutrement to other culinary creations and delights. The menu is a static affair at Cochon. It's a fixed entity according to our waiter, but the specials change on a daily basis and are all based on ingredient availability. The night we were there it was a slow, 8 hour long, braised veal shoulder steak with white wine and onions. The exterior of the meat had taken on that great consistency of fibers desiccated of their juices and now caramelized like the onions in the pan. The meat fell apart at the mere suggestion of the fork's whimsy. To get us going we had bison tongue in a tarragon wine sauce, a bison tartar tamaki hand roll, pickled herring that bore more resemblance to the sweet tradition of Poland rather than the heavily brined Dutch or Russian varieties. Not a single bad dish, fantastic service and the haunting feeling that I will carry the taste of those meats on the tip of my tongue for years to come.
5	For a place named for pig, we may have ordered the wrong stuff...but I am NOT sorry about that ONE bit! We got the lobster roll & small order of the fois gras poutine. Both were absolutely phenomenal. I don't use that word lightly folks. PHENOMENAL. The poutine was surprisingly not heavy, given what it is...fries, gravy, fois gras...It's a MUST try. I can't sum it up in words. The lobster roll was equally as remarkable. The bread was perfection, fresh, crispy just where it needed to be, buttery (I love the French and their butter obsession) and the lobster chunks were gigantic and fresh! There was fresh parsley in the lobster meat as well as something else that I can't quite put a finger on. The result was something truly unforgettable. Get a reservation. This place is busy around the clock for a reason & it's tiny. If I ever return to Montreal, this will be first on the list to revisit.
3	Foie gras. I'd never had it until now and I'm kicking myself for having wasted so much of my life not having tried it.We shared a foie gras appetizer - 100 grams of melt in your mouth softness atop a tiny baked apple torte. while it was delicious, I think that next time I'm going to stick with just a slab of pan seared foie gras tyvm.Our next course was the Magret of Duck atop potatoes, smothered in mushrooms and, god, I can barely remember it was such a blur! While it certainly isn't "pretty food" the dish more than made up for looking like a stringy swamp monster with its rich flavours and almost perfectly cooked duck.Our side of PDC mashed potatoes, recommended by a friend of the chef was a mucilaginous clump of heaven. This inspired blend of garlic, cheese curds, and potatoes await you at St Peter's gates if you've been good. Ours arrived 7 minutes after the main.All this we washed down with a perfectly good Morgon leaving no room whatsoever for desert.Next time, and there will be a next time, I will try their Foie gras poutine - if I can figure out which red goes best with it.
4	We had a romantic dinner at Au Pied de Cochon. We showed up early on a weekday night for our reservation and had to pretty much wait until our reservation time. One hostess was a little un-approachable, the other one was quite friendly though quiet. Our waiter was excellent. I ordered an appetizer of french onion soup which had a fantastic layer of cheese on top with a good base of soup as well underneath. For my main course, I had a duck dish that was delicious - similar to a steak served with a mushroom and onion sauce and my wife had a pork chop in a similar sauce. Both entrees were fantastic. Dessert we had creme brulee which was great - perfectly crisped and warm on top while still being cold, sweet  and creamy on the bottom. The only major thing that prevents Au Pied de Cochon from being a 5 star place in my opinion is the soap in the bathrooms - it was fairly dingy bar soap. Maybe this is a common thing outside of the U.S. (but I didn't notice it anywhere else) and these are the same restrooms that the cooks use so that was a turn off for me.
5	I have died and gone to heaven. This is a meat lover's dream come true. EVERYTHING, and I mean everything! is sinfully delicious. If you are not afraid of pig heads, pig feet, boudin (blood sausage) fois gras, steak tartar, marrow bones,things cooked in pork fat, duck fat etc...You. Must. Eat. Here!  And for the quality of the food along with generous portion sizes and food that you will be dreaming about and talking about for the rest of your life...the prices are amazingly reasonable. I didn't take any photos but check out the photos already posted and you will know exactly what I mean. One of the dishes we had was a duck breast called magret that comes from the ducks used for fois Gras. It's very large and extremely flavorful. It was topped with all sorts of tasty mushrooms in a rich sauce.  Also, the fois gras Poutine was out of this world. We also had a cassarole of sorts with delicious blood sausage. the French onion soup was the best I've ever had. It was made with pork stock and bacon. Words can't even describe the flavor explosions of everything we ate. Go!
5	Our last night in Montreal (and our honeymoon in Canada!) I had to make sure ended with a memorable meal, and so I made reservations at Au Pied de Cochon. A Yelp search brought it up as the number one restaurant reviewed in Montreal, and a quick glance at their menu provided enough tantalizing dishes that I didn't question immediately picking up the phone.We arrived for a slightly early reservation, but the restaurant was completely packed and stayed that way into the evening! We waited just a few minutes for our table, but the hostess was lovely and let me take a peek at the Sugar Shack cookbook while we waited. Our waiter was fantastic, super friendly and informative, and congratulated us when he found out that we had just gotten married. We started with drinks: the Pied de Cochon beer for him (smooth, very drinkable) and I had the Cidre du Minot hard cider (slightly sweet, crisp, delicious). Our foie gras comisques quickly came out from the kitchen (warning, wait a little bit before chowing down), and we each popped one into our mouths and delighted in the creamy, almost liquid, piece of deep fried foie gras. They may seem small, but they're the perfect size.We then had to wait a little bit for the two entrees we ordered, so we admired the other dishes surrounding us (and wished we could've ordered more food). We shared the Duck in a Can and a special stew gratin they had that evening. I have to say, the presentation skills of the staff are fantastic, and they adeptly uncanned the duck into a lovely presentation that we quickly destroyed as we devoured the succulent and tender duck breast, foie gras, mashed cauliflower, and toasted bread (if there's more there, I don't remember/care). SCRUMPTIOUS. The special stew had housemade pork/veal sausage, cannellini beans, spinach and root veggies, and foie gras of course! It was perfect comfort food, warm and filling.I had to have dessert, and my husband was willing to indulge me since we wouldn't have another chance to dine there, so we shared the sugar pie for two and the milkshake with PDC maple toffee pieces. The shake came out first, and was delicious vanilla bean ice cream blended with the maple toffee that added a teeny bit of crunch. The sugar pie apparently came with 3-4 scoops of vanilla bean ice cream, which we didn't expect but thoroughly enjoyed. The sugar pie is delicious, similar to having pecan pie without the pecans, with a buttery crust and warm, sweet, custard-y filling. Our meal was so delicious, I'm coming back here, with or without anyone else because the food is just too good!
5	This was my first stop when I visited Montreal for the first time 3 weeks. We showed up at 9 on a Thursday night with no reservations and waited about 10 minutes for a table. Our server was very friendly and spoke English which helped since we do not speak French :) we had the duck carpaccio as an appetizer, so delicious! Followed by porkchops and the poutine foe gras. The foe gras was really fatty but very tasty! So glad were able to stop at this location. Btw, there's no sign. What a wonderful place!
5	Amazing food here but huge portions so share...also ask for seat at the bar so you can watch the magic in the kitchen. They are like Santa's elves that work so efficiently   The foie Gras here is amazing and the main courses are great especially their duck!!
5	I know this restaurant does not need any further help from me but I have to show some love.  Not to sound snobbish, but I am definitely a foodie and have been to a lot of restaurants all over the world and if I had to pick one place for my final meal, this place would have to be it, even though I've only been able to eat here twice on my way to Tremblant.  My dream is to show up at the bar here and order the "Bourdain Course."This restaurant gets me.  Ever wonder why they don't make Poutines more fattening, in addition to the french fries, cheese and gravy.  Add some Foie Gras, that's the ticket.  Some other chefs would try to make poutines more healthy.  This place realized that what poutines was really missing was some extra-high cholesterol organ meat.  Pig's head anybody?  Steak tartare?  Check.  I have to believe if this chef wanted to open a location in Manhattan, it would be the hardest reservation in town.Just to keep it real and so you know I am objective, I will have to say the Duck-in-a-Can was a bit disappointing.
5	OH my god i'm so full. Plug of champagne. Pot of sausage. Blue salad. Whissskey. Michel Couvreur Intravagan'za.this is the draft review I found in my phone. I will keep it.
5	Great food including foie gras + great French wines = Great experienceRecall the scene and dishes from an Anthony Bourdain episode on Montreal.Then saw the Chef Owner sitting there dining.  Always a good sign if the owner is dining at his own restaurant.
5	I dine at APDC just about every time I visit Montreal, which is often but have found little to add to the excellent reviews posted on Yelp.....Until now. It strikes me that after all these years of a packed house every day and a unchanged menu that APDC would have "shot it's load" years ago but no....the standards and specials are as current, and delicious as ever and service ,while casual, is still friendly,helpful and efficient .I love the mix of diners and vibe here,typically Quebecois in it's languid pace and joyous celebration of good food,drink and company.We tend to get an early reservation to allow for all the fatty and heavy dishes to digest and then stroll around St Denis and mingle with all the beautiful people.A truly great dining experience.......every time.
5	My husband and I have been dreaming of coming here ever since we saw this restaurant on Anthony Bourdain's show. We ventured to Montreal at the end of November, ready to brave the cold because we knew this type of food would be best in cold weather. We made reservations for Thursday (American Thanksgiving) and we were super excited to finally experience a meal here. We arrived a little early, but they seated us right away. Then they brought us the delicious warm bread and butter. I was already happy, but my husband reminded me not to gorge myself until our food arrived.We decided to order the fried goie gras appetizer. We also had to order the foie gras poutine. Then we had the melting pot (pork belly and sausages), as well as the stuffed pig foot with foie gras. Everything was AMAZING so delicious. That gravy on the poutine was a revelation and then with those generous hunks of foie gras. Amazing. I though the melting pot was big but then the stuffed pig foot came out in a huge casserole dish (like the type of dish that would feed a family of 6). So much food. Our waiter kind of warned us it would be a lot of food but we were shocked by how much food it was. Everything was delicious. We also ordered a bottle of wine to wash it all down. I was pretty full after the poutine and only had a few bites of the pig food as well as some of the sausage. My husband rallied and kept eating. Then when our waiter asked if we'd like dessert, we both felt pretty full but when we saw the "sugar pie for 2" we figured that we'd come all this way, we better do it up right. That sugar pie was heavenly. It also came with some of the most delicious ice cream. I wish I had some of that pie right now. I think we were clearly stuffed and about to pass out from being so full, so our waiter brought over a bottle of calvados and made us do a shot with him so we wouldn't pass out. It was a very kind gesture and we appreciated it. Anyways, we had an amazing time and it was worth it. We felt too sad to leave our leftovers there, so we carried them all the way back to our hotel even though we didn't have a chance to eat them...
5	I went here twice, and both times had an excellent dining experience!The last visit was during Thanksgiving holidays, and we had 10:30 pm reservation. It is a bit late for dinner, but this was the only available time. We arrived 15 minutes earlier, for we knew how busy this place is. Despite being early, we still had to wait for extra 30 minutes, and finally got our table at about 10:45 pm. Now, at any other place I would be upset about the delay, but this one is an exception. The place is bustling, and we were fortunate to get a reservation just couple days in advance. Plus, I can imagine how hard it is for the lone hostess to mange this huge and unabated crowd.Once we got a table, the service was prompt yet not annoying (unlike many places in Boston, for example, where you might feel pressured to ask for the check and leave in the end of the meal). The food was absolutely delicious, with generous portions. I had Happy Pork Chop, and my wife ordered a duck dish (don't quite remember the name, but not Duck in a Can). Both dishes were perfectly executed. Since portions are large, and quite heavy in terms of fat and caloric content, we ordered light desert - Poached Pear, which comes with wonderful vanilla ice-cream. Additionally, the restaurant now has its own beer - Pied de Cochon, a light brew that goes well with large amounts of fat pork and duck meat. Another important aspect is the price - dinner for two with tips will cost you less than $150, which I consider to be an excellent price given the quality of food. In summary, excellent restaurant with casual, laid-back atmosphere that allows you to enjoy delicious food without breaking the bank.
5	There aren't words.  Go here, order everything, eat as much as you can.  I'm glad I live 7 hours away because otherwise my official cause of death would be "Au Pied de Cochon."All the food is so incredibly rich and delicious.  Great service as well, and the price was less than I expected and than the quality of food would indicate.Bottom Line: Make reservations, try to sit at the bar to view the open kitchen, go with friends that are willing to eat things like tripe and pig foot, order foie gras, don't look at the prices, dine in the winter to maximize eating of rich and fatty foods, and plan for your meal here to be the last thing you do all day. Because you won't want to move afterwards.
5	I had made it to the bar with two others in tow.  The time is 2100.  We landed in Montreal a day earlier in preparation for the appointment.  We drank in excess in an effort to increase our gastronomic satiety for the next day.  During the events right before zero hour, we had imbibed several beverages to escalate our appetite.  The time had come.At the bar, we are greeted by an incredibly attentive, and attractive, female.  After receiving PDC's house brew, we order in succession three small plates and three large plates.  She smiles as she is taking down the orders without a pause.  That disarming smile may have ultimately been the coup de grace.  We were never prepared.Small plates of seared foie gras, bison tongue with tarragon, and braised tripe special had come our way and were dispatched in reasonable time.  Somewhat surprised though, as we still had seemingly plenty of stamina after the first course, all of which were considered one of the richest appetizers ever encountered.  After the plates cleared, three much larger plates descended in front of us as we unnervingly watch on.  Then, a braised rib of bison arrived to our right.  We were in awe of the sheer size, larger than a forearm, until a braised pigs foot entered.  And then without being able to assess the objective in adequate time, a man arrived with a can.  Some explanation could be heard, but all of our senses had diverged to what emerged from the can.  A tremendous lump of duck breast with a massive layer of its own fat plopped out, carrying a payload of foie gras within it.With knives and forks withdrawn, we each attack an item individually.  That proved to be disastrous.  Within minutes, each of us began to sag away for backup.  One by one, we would switch off and attempt to absorb the other piece.  After 30 minutes elapsed, it was clear what the results would be.  We laid down our arms and shed our whites.  Our faces sully, my eyes sunken as I peer at her face from behind the bar.  This time, she brandishes a smile unlike the one seen before.  She makes a quip that brought our spirits back, and even made me laugh a little.  Mercifully, she removes all of the plates and seals the contents in aluminum boxes.What can be learned here?  PDC will beat you.  It will grind you into the ground.  It will show you no mercy.  But you're here.  You're reading yet another review about Au Pied de Cochon.  You're already a glutton for food punishment.  You're looking for the weird, the intense, and the insanity, all the while savoring in its delight, just as I had.  So send the email and go.  You already know you have to.
5	A very inappropriate place to keep a diet!  But oh so good!  We just watched a PBS show in our hotel before departing for APDC that said that fatty food was actually good for you!  Perfect timing!Since it was our first time, one of us had to have the Duck in a Can and while a little pricey compared to other dishes, it was excellent!  Amazed they got that much duck breast and froie gras in a tin can and cooked perfectly rare for duck.  I could not finish all.  Kept the can too, don't know why but I did.We actually started with the fried froie gras and it was excellent and melted in mouth as our server said....wait one minute before popping the cube - one bite does it...only $3.50...a must.Then we had the Terrine of Froie Gras with a toasted baguette and every last molecule of froie gras was consumed since it's a banned substance in California!Our other entree was the Veal with gnocchi - fall off the bone tender and tasty!No room for dessert.Don't eat anything heavy or for 10 hours before your meal, this will allow you to enjoy one more dish maybe.
4	Yes! Obesity and deliciousness are in a direct relationship at Au Pied de Cochon!The bread that starts the meal sets the tone. Still warm from the oven with a crunchy crust and a chewy crumb, the butter was just a bonus. It was so good, we had to have a second loaf!For appetizers, the Cochonnailles Platter is great for sharing and recommended if you want to try a variety of tastes. It was also a good value and came with baguette toast points, 3 different types of pates/terrines, slices of bison tongue, and their homemade beer jelly! The Tomato Tartlet which sounds like it might have the possibility of being light will fake you out. 3 thin slices of tomato sat upon a thick layer of melted cheese and puff pastry.Moving on to the entrees, again, if you want to try a variety of tastes I highly recommend the PDC Melting Pot. Served in a staub pot, it was a thick stew of pork belly, pork sausage, and boudin noir all served over smooth, buttery mashed potatoes. For me, the show stopper was the boudin noir which was warmly seasoned and almost creamy inside. I ended up smearing the blood sausage and mashed potatoes on top of the previously mentioned bread. I am a master of obesity.Less recommended is the Duck Magret. While it was a generous portion and the duck cooked correctly medium rare, the sauce was way too salty.And you know I couldn't leave without dessert! The Lemon Meringue was cute and tart enough to cut through the heavy meal, but I'm still upset the waiter forgot my coffee.Thankfully the rest of my trip included lots of walking. But after spending the weekend in Montreal, I'm not surprised why Montrealers eat like this... winter is coming!
4	Excellent service! Great wait staff. Only complaint was that it took a while for the bill to come. Waiter explained all the specials but pay attention because they're quite a handful to remember.Lots of foie gras and truffle on the menu. If you're a fan of either, this is the place to be!The bison tartare was delish! You pour the quail egg yolk onto the tartare & then bite into a savory melt-in-your-mouthful of bison tartare. It's like a sushi roll you'd wish to eat every time. The tartare is spiced and packed with flavor. And I have to admit the texture was great too - the chef had added some fried flakes onto the tartare to give it a bang.We also got the squid special of the night. Imagine fried pieces of squid and calamari sitting on top of a pile of curd cheese and French fries. Then imagine a lovely thick savory black squid ink sauce poured over it and then typed with edible gold flakes. Amazingly delicious!I got the bone marrow expecting it to be out of my mind. I was slightly disappointed because it wasn't full of flavor as I had expected. The vegetable puree, however, did have a lot of truffle in there.Get the foie gras poutine. The foie gras was so buttery soft - it just literally melted in my mouth.The duck in a can was amazing. Savory soft duck pieces and a piece of foie gras prepared so well, then resealed in a can. Imagine opening that can and seeing all that meat and gravy pouring onto a light pile of mash potatoes and a slice of buttery toasted baguette.Do get the sugar pie!!! Amazing way to end the night. Lightly grainy maple sugar syrup filling topped with a light cream sitting on a flaky buttery crust. And to be accompanied by 3 scoops of vanilla ice cream on the side?! Hell yeah!!!Ambience was loud but this place was poppin'! Great place to grab delicious grub with friends. DO come here. So worth the visit in Montreal!
4	Service was 5*Food was 4.5*Atmosphere was 3.5*We were super excited to try out this place and it (mostly) delivered. We started with wine... They brought out a red for me that I didn't like and replaced it with a white, so nice there, even though they chose the most expensive white... DH had a red.Ordering took a bit of time, but we put in for several courses....Started with cod fritters.... Yummy but really, save your stomach.Then had a special, pig heart... Good, but strong flavors...Then fois gras pan seared.... DH loved this one, but I thought the balsamic reduction was too strong...All of these were brought out at once, so eat fairly fast as hot is best.  We also had a few helpings of fresh French bread... Yummy, butter was nice and they also serve an odd cream sauce with the bread.Our first main course was the famous Duck in a Can... WOW!! This is a ton of food but all very good..but we did have a slight problem, DH found a piece of plastic in it! More on this below....Our second main course was a mistake, and by that I mean it was amazing but we were too full for more than a bite each... It was the classic pied du cochon... So soft and good but we were way too full!Finally, we squeezed in a really nice milkshake with maple toffee...amazing and with the tummy ache...As for the duck plastic? Removed from our bill, even though we protested...So yeah, to sum up...go here, only order one main for two people, spend a few hours enjoying yourself...
4	They don't waste anything... they serve every parts that could be eaten out of pigs. We went here for my birthday dinner and it was pretty interesting.We had pickles pig tongue, Bison tongue and blue cheese and Apple salad for appetizer. Pickled tongue was not my favorite but bison was pretty good. Loved the salad.I had the pork chop which was tender and delish, and my husband had a special dish which was pretty much was the pig's leg - pig knuckles, pig shank, meatballs with potatoes and some veggies on the side. It looked like a hearty dish and our French Canadian friend said he had this kind of dish at home growing up. Make sure to make a reservation. We called one month ahead and they gave us a choice of 5pm or 9pm... popular place. Worth trying at least once, I liked the casual ambiance, but very snug seating. Bathroom situation was odd for the size of the restaurant... one unisex stool with 3 faucet...?
2	Came here for brunch at 10:30ish on a chilly Sunday morning. Surprisingly, there was no wait at all, and almost half the restaurant was empty.Their brunch is served 'dim-sum' style, with servers pushing around carts with various dishes which they mark on a sheet on your table.We ordered tons:Mushroom paperdelle (pasta)OmeletteEggs benedictA non Foie Gras terrineFoie Gras terrineLobster pot stickersBaked beans with sausagePotatoes with Foie and camembertTourtiereUnsurprisingly, everything was super rich, personally a bit too much. I wish there was a bit more balance. Would definitely recommend the FG terrine, as it was well balanced on a fruitcake and with a cranberry compote. Also, the potatoes with foie and camembert were great, can't go wrong with crispy tubers and cheese and foie. The paperdelle, non-FG terrine and pot-stickers were okay. Baked beans were really hearty and the tiny piece of sausage was delicious but didn't seem too special. Would definitely avoid the Eggs Benedict. It was too rich and salty, they used non-smoked salmon and a ton of hollandaise. Would also not order a tourtiere at brunch here again, you have to get it hot to order, as it kind of dried out on us on the cart.The servers were really nice, explaining each dish in either English or French. Atmosphere was good, filled with semi-annoying foodies like myself snapping pictures on our phones.All in all, a very rich meal, but wouldn't order everything that we did again.
4	Service was 5*Food was 4.5*Atmosphere was 3.5*We were super excited to try out this place and it (mostly) delivered. We started with wine... They brought out a red for me that I didn't like and replaced it with a white, so nice there, even though they chose the most expensive white...without asking. DH had a red.Ordering took a bit of time, but we put in for several courses....Started with cod fritters.... Yummy but really, save your stomach.Then had a special, pig heart... Good, but strong flavors...Then fois gras pan seared.... DH loved this one, but I thought the balsamic reduction was too strong...All of these were brought out at once, so eat fairly fast as hot is best.  We also had a few helpings of fresh French bread... Yummy, butter was nice and they also serve an odd but good cream sauce with the bread.Our first main course was the famous Duck in a Can... WOW!! This is a ton of food but all very good..but we did have a slight problem, DH found a piece of plastic in it! More on this below....Our second main course was a mistake, and by that I mean it was amazing but we were too full for more than a bite each...made lovely leftovers though!We finished with a maple toffee milkshake....sooo good and rich!For the duck issue...they apologized, collected the part, and took it off the bill. Nice service again there, especially considering the cost of the dish!Cons... Very crowded and hard to hear. Bathrooms are mid way down and behind the bar, a but awkward and one of the doors had a broken lock...I did report it and I believe they fixed it but I didn't check back.Overall a lovely experience and the duck on a can label now has a special place on our kitchen wall!
5	This dinner was incredible. Eat very little before you go to dine here!! We booked a reservation 3 weeks in advance, we had to wait 30 minutes to be seated but we didn't mind. We sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen which was an experience in itself. Watching the chefs work their magic, making sauce and cooking meat was pretty cool. We ordered Foie Gras Poutine to start....I have never seen a bigger piece of foie gras in my life! It was so good!My friend ordered the Duck Magret in Mushroom Sauce with a side of garlic broccoli and I got the Happy Pork Chop with a side of fries (in duck fat). Both dishes were fantastic and HUGE! We could not finish them and were so sad to leave such delicious meals behind.The staff was helpful and very pleasant. Next time we go we'll try the Duck in a Can and the desserts!
4	Visits: 1stRating: 4*Service: excellent & informativeDishes: Stuffed Pied de Cochon; Fois Gras Cromesquis; Bison Tongue; Poutine Temaki; Sugar PieFirst off, make sure you come here with an appetite. The portions are a good size. The food is amazing. Flavor after flavor bomb. Good surprise taste after the next.-Stuffed Pied de Cochon (5*), stuffed pigs feet. Basically they take the lower part of the pigs leg, cut a flap in it, remove the bone shank, stuff it with pork meat, close the skin flap back & then roast the leg. Amazing flavor bomb. Huge portion so if you're going to get this, maybe not order anything else unless you're feeling very hungry. The pork comes out like braised meat would, tender & flavorful. So good.-Fois Gras Cromesquis (4*), fois croquettes. Pretty good. If you love fois then you'll love this more than I did. It's crispy outside but very creamy & liquidity, flavorful inside. Be careful because if you bite in too soon (like right when they bring the dish out) the liquid will burn you. Good dish.-Bison Tongue (4.5*). If they didn't tell me it was tongue I wouldn't have known. It came out so tender, like braised beef. And the flavor was very similar to braised beef. Very good dish.-Poutine Tamaki (3.5*). Poutine is big in Canada & it's served differently in pretty much every restaurant. And wifey is a big poutine fan. So we always order it to try the different kinds. The basis is the same, fries or potatoes with gravy sauce & cheese curds. This one is good but we have had better. Maybe their sauce was a little too heavy, but then again this place isn't for light weights.-Sugar Pie (3*). Not sure what goes into making this. But it's good. A little on the sweet side but I'm sure there will be some that like it that way. For me, it's different. Hard to describe the flavors though & wished it was a little less sweet but it's still good.
5	Au Pied du Cochon was fantastic. The foie gras terrine was the stand out dish, though we also enjoyed the foie gras croquettes, poutine, and milkshake. This was the perfect amount of food (with beer and wine) for two people, though our menu choices were skewed as Californians living under a foie gras ban. The most outstanding aspect of our evening turned out to be the service. Our evening had been almost instantly ruined. When I sat down and went to check in on my phone, I discovered that my iPhone was missing. Our waiter offered me his cell phone to place an international call to my phone which had been found in the snow up the street. The waiter notified the hostess and I had my phone back by the second course. No matter how large the tip, I can't thank this young man enough for saving my Christmas vacation. We will be back next year.
5	What an experience! I had to make a reservation a whole month in advance in order to get a dinner reservation at a reasonable time on a Friday, and even so was only promised bar seats. When we got to the restaurant, a fortunate turn of events meant that we got to sit at a table.Service seemed really rushed and hectic, but the food was entirely worth the three times our server walked us by without taking our orders. I tried the starter of apple foie gras, and the mains of duck and mushrooms and a bowl of potatoes and cured meats. The apple foie gras was beyond delicious.I would highly recommend making Au Pied de Cochon a pit stop if you are visiting Montreal.
4	Scored a reservation on the day-of, and enjoyed dinner at this much talked-about restaurant. For appetizers, we did the Fois Gras Cromesquis (liked it, but they were 2 small bites of fried balls with liquid fois gras), and the Cochonnailles Platter (good but not that memorable plate of pork products, including pate, sausages, etc). For entrees, we did duck in a can, and stuffed pied de cochon with foie gras. Duck in a can was good, but definitely enjoyed the pied de cochon better. Also had the creme brulee for dessert (okay). The dining experience was just okay, as earlier reviews noted - it took a while for us to get seated despite the reservation, and service was leisurely. Still, I give 4 stars for the foie gras decadence and for the pied de cochon dish we had.
5	After watching Anthony Bourdain I drove 5 & 1/2 hours just to eat here. I surpassed all my expectations . The owner Martin was a nice and took time to chat with us.  The foie gras, the tort with boudin noir, the buffalo steak and the wine list is over the top.
5	Do you want tasty, tasty decadence?Well sir/madame, you've come to the right place.Huge portions with lots of butter, fat & meat. I had the foie gras topped with foie gras sauce, rolled through foie gras bits, with a side of foie gras.Ok I didn't but I probably could have.Side-note: the floor is slippery as all hell, snow goop does not make for fun dining room hikes.
5	Tried so many times to eat here.  Finally made a few months ago.  We were seated in the rear and right up against the wall-a little uncomfortable.  That was the only negative.  House beer was really good, I mean really good.  Onion soup was good but too much cheese for me.  I had duck in can which was very flavorful.  On top of the perfectly made mashed potatoes,  the duck juice tasted sinful.With so many great restaurants to try in Montreal, it will be while before I go back.  I really enjoyed the night and was not disappointed.
5	The food is delicious.  It's over the top.  It's inventive.  It's excessive.  It will make your arteries clog and you won't care if this is your last meal.  You can almost feel the grease on the tables and floors when you enter - not kidding.  This is Au Pied de Cochon! I tried several things here.  The Poutine with Foie Gras, Duck Capparcio, Veal Steak, Duck in a can, Melting pot, the Au Pied de cochon stuffed with Foie Gras.  Everything was fantastic and prepared with maximum flavour.  You'll go into a food coma after but it's well worth the indulgence.  Save your appetite and prepare to detox before and after this meal. My only issue with the food here is that it is too rich.  It's delicious but the dishes were unbalanced with mostly all meat with rich but smaller sides.  I found myself reaching for some of the bread just to dilute the flavours in my mouth, as the sides tasted very buttered up (although tasty).  Normally, this would enough to bring it down to 4 stars but this place deserves 5 because the prices were very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food and the inventive nature of the dishes was just unmatched.  My recommendations for first-timers is to consider sharing mains because they are huge.  If you don't eat a lot, then sharing a main is probably is a good thing.  If, or I should say when, I do it again, I'll probably force a side or two in the mix to balance the meal better.  Maybe use some apps to replace a main because it could be meat overload for some people.  You can do what you want so don't feel constrained.  Out of everything I tried, the Foie Gras Poutine and Duck Capparicio were stand outs.
5	Duck in a can was amazing.  But the best tasting I had was when I through my duck fries into the my foie gras that had melted.
4	We came here for brunch on the Sunday. It was the western version of Chinese Dim Sum. However, this was one of the more expensive brunches, I've tried.Servers came by with different types of dishes, and if you want it they will tick off the box on your piece of paper. At the end of the meal you pay for the dishes you ordered. This is good because you get to see the dish before you eat it. The bad thing is that someone else might get it before you do. We managed to snag the last table in the corner before it got really busy. However, because we were in the corner a lot of the dishes were taken before it got to us :(. The food server was good in making sure that we got some dishes. The waiter was friendly and checked in on us. The only bad thing about the service, was in the end there was a delay in getting the bill as he seemed to get a bit frazzled, because it was so busy. We tried several different dishes. My favourite dish was the foie grois potato, with pork. This was delicious! Very different from anything I've tried before. The foie grois nicely complemented the potato. I just wish there was more of it! Yum.... The maple gnocchi was interesting a little on the sweet side for me but the gnocchi itself had a great texture it was light and fluffy. The french toast was good, but not as good as some of the other dishes. The only dish that I didn't enjoy was the blini. The almond croissant was amazing; flaky, buttery, and had great almond taste. Get it this if you like almond croissants. There is a person that comes by with a cart with different baked desserts, cake, fruit and melted chocolate, and shakes if you so desire. I was sad that I didn't get to try to sticky ribs, which I was really looking forward to. Other people looked like they really enjoyed it. Next time I'm in Montreal for brunch on a Sun I will be stopping by here.
5	No better place to spend a cold winters evening/night than in Au Pied de Cochon. I'm pretty sure that you can't order a single thing from here that will disappoint but I can promise that if you do order the Duck carpaccio the foie gras poutine, foie gras hamburger or the duck in a can you'll leave having experienced one of the best meals you ever had and I'm pretty sure that goes for everything that Au Pied de Cochon has on their menu.Great experience and great service every time I have been and a place that I'll keep going back to every chance I get
5	If there's one place to recommend in Montreal, it will have to be Au Pied de Cochon. Make sure to call weeks ahead for dinner reservations to secure a table. My friend and I winged it and walked-in hoping something was open and sure enough, they had two seats at the bar. We were stoked as we saw the view in front of us. We had the best seats in the house! It's an open kitchen with the entire crew sans Chef Martin Picard, working within an arm's reach. We got to see all the action, interacted with the chefs, and witnessed all the dishes before they got served to all the tables. How awesome is that?We were off to a slow start with our server being so busy with other tables but he got us started with our beers and gave us enough time to figure out what to get. It was a struggle as everything on the menu sounded so decadent. Being from California, the banning of foie gras has made me craving for it. This place has foie in almost all their dishes. Imagine my excitement! Here's what we ended up getting which my dear friend and I all shared:FOIE GRAS CROMESQUIS ($3.50) or croquettes if you will. It's filled with foie gras jus oozing out as you bite into the crisp, deep-fried breading. It was really just a bite to tease us for what's next to come. Then came the GUINEA HEN LIVER MOUSSE ($8). A jar filled to the brim with the mousse accompanied by some orange marmalade and sauerkraut on the side to complement each other. This proved too enticing for me to resist wiping out completely. Ask for extra toast if you run out or use the table bread which by the way, was also hard not to indulge in. Warm, crusty, and fresh from the oven.A special of the evening was their MOULES FRITES ($10). This was not on the menu but we saw lots of these coming out of the kitchen and we just had to order it. For an appetizer, the serving was hefty. The sauce, wow, buttery with bacon bits and a hint of white wine. It was addicting and to dip the bread in it was inevitable until all the white creamy liquid was no more. We had quite a pause until our main course came. We welcomed it and watched the live show in front of us, oohhh'ing and ahhhh'ing as we saw beautiful plates of pig heads, pied de cochons, foie poutines, meatloafs, and ducks in a can pass right in our faces. Finally, the star of the show, STUFFED PIED DE COCHON WITH FOIE GRAS ($45) was laid in front of us. It was ginormous! We were planning on getting an order each initially but bless Chef Audrey's heart for letting us know this was a meal a family can consume. The pig's feet was nicely breaded and laid atop a bed of super creamy mashed potatoes, covered with a stew of mushrooms and onions, then topped with perfectly seared foie gras. Rich, decadent, and seasoned without any apprehension, Chef Martin depicts his true colors on this one amazing plate. Needless to say, the other half had to be packed and eaten the next day. We left completely satiated by the "in your face" flavors on every plate and thankful for the crew that was fun and pleasant. Capping off our Montreal trip at Au Pied de Cochon could not have been any better. Merci beaucoup!
4	If I could do 4.5 stars I would. This is some of the best food I've ever had. My failure to give 5 stars was for service, but I'll get to that later.Food: We had the special terrine, which was delicious. The bread is to be expected: great fresh baguette slices. I had the house beer, unimpressive, but that's not why I was there. I was there for the "DUCK IN A CAN." It was all I hoped it would be, and I am still feeling the bloat after 2 days. No need to describe it here: look it up. It's delicious, and amazing. Some reviewers think it's overpriced or gimicky. No way. It's a marvel. Girlfriend had the duck breast: perfectly cooked, and a heaping portion.The missing star here resulted from our server. The rest of the staff (whom we interacted with about 50% of the time) was worthy of 5 stars. Our primary server, however, was an impatient d-bag. I hope they pool tips because I tipped well, but if I could have tipped this guy less than the obligatory American 20% I would have. With the money paid, and the effort put in to get a reservation in advance, just smile and pat my fuzzy head when I ask you a question, even if it's a silly question. Don't scoff and then try to run away. There was a server name printed on the receipt, but that might be the server who actually ran my credit card (he was nice) so no need to out anyone by name.Anyway, delightful place, mind-blowing food, nice decor, good music playing, friendly waitstaff, and one server that was dick and reduced the enjoyment of a duck in a can very slightly (but not that much because it was awesome!).
1	Perhaps the only people who go here are so thoroughly prepared for the experience that they are always pleased, but I found the place nauseating.  The food is so excessively greasy, fatty and unhealthy that is makes feel ill to think about it.  The place and the patrons seems to celebrate that, but that's just hard for me to understand or appreciate.
4	Had the duck in a can-not as tasty as I had hoped for, but good. An unexpected standout was a pickled herring appetizer-not something you would expect in this monument to pork and foie gras, but the best i've ever had-and a light, subtle counterpoint to most everything else. Sat at the bar and had very good service ta boot. Nice people here.
5	God bless this place and its affinity for serving you things with the head still on or in cans. On our first visit I was obsessing over the Duck in a Can, which didn't disappoint...I had cold sweats everyday for two weeks after, needing my fix. The Foie Gras poutine is something I've been actively campaigning to get in every restaurant in the US or at least our immediate area, but unfortunately, I can't get any of these dicks on board. Our second trip, my boyfriend and I ordered the Guinea Hen to share. After the heart stopping experience I had; unknowingly moving the whole head still casually attached to the bird, we dug into what would be one of the most delicious things we will ever eat. Thank god they give you a side I extra gravy, the giant pool of it at the bottom of the 8 quart La Crouset pan probably wouldn't do.   If I lived in Montreal I would be outside this place everyday selling myself for poutine and sugar pie.
3	I have to say, I had expectations. And they weren't exactly met. The food was good, but (and I can't believe I'm saying this), it was too indulgent. Visited in December  2013. We had a pretty simple order. An appetizer. Two mains. Drinks. The off-menu Christmassy appetizer, which was a slice of foie gras, fruit cake, and goat cheese, was interesting. It was an odd melange of flavours, but we didn't come here for typical restaurant fare. So the appetizer got us excited for the mains. My date had duck in a can. It was pretty good from what I tasted. Today all she remembers is plate full of Brown and won't be eating foie gras again, though she's glad she's tried it. I had the off menu (and highly recommended by our server) veal shank with cauliflower mash. The mash was amazing. Really soft textures with a few lumps here and there. Mixed in with the juices of the shank and you got this beautiful velvety texture. Definite win. The shank left more to be desired. Not because it was small (it was epic meal time huge) but because the flavours transformed from beefy goodness to oh-my-god-this-carcass-never-ends. And that's what it felt like after a while. The soft texture eventually reminded me of cutting and chewing into raw flesh. And with the gamey smell and the beefy flavour just lingering in my mouth, I had to abandon the dish. I never abandon dishes. And I didn't abandon this one because it was too much food and I was too full, but because the flavours and textures became repulsive halfway through the experience. I only got though 1/3 of that shank. I don't regret trying this place but it's unlikely I'll return.
5	Everybody should definitely believe the hype about this place!!! Every single item on the entire menu is a decadent heart attack. Trying the classics like the poutine foie gras and the duck in a can are musts.
5	The best for a reason. They maybe overbooked for the night, I had a group of 3 and had to wait an extra 30 minutes for my table. The manager was all over it, though, offered us an amuse and a round of drinks when we sat down. Halfway through the maple syrup beer we had forgotten about the wait. Food was unreal, service was on point, great atmosphere. Manager checked in on us again and got us a round of shots to close the night out. That's how you keep a place going so long.
5	An ode to pork.  We went here on the recommendation of a chef.  My only complaint is that there are too many  delicious indulgences to savor and not enough time or belly capacity to taste it all.  We had an extremely ambitious 5 course meal.   Beef carpaccio, beef bone marrow with caviar,  fois gras poutine...  it was at this point that I lost feeling in my toes and started to slip into a food induced coma.  Then the namesake dish, pied de cochon over casoulet and more fois gras.  It was foodie nirvana!  If you've only got one night in town get around to this place.
3	This was our second time to Au Pied de Cochon, after having an excellent meal the first time. Unfortunately, this time around we were slightly less impressed...the meatloaf, which was one of the specials of the day, was very salty and the staff forgot that it was my boyfriend's birthday, even though I had made a special request when making the reservation and reminded our waiter during the meal.Having said that, the food is generally quite tasty and the ambience is lively.  The staff is friendly and professional, but disappointing that they would forget a special occasion, since you would expect more from such a quality establishment.
5	I was worried that this place would be hype only, but was so wrong. We got Duck in a Can, Foie gras poutine and their namesake, Au Pied de Cochon, and each one was excellent. Of course, I didn't anticipate just how large the portions were.  Seriously. They could feed a small country. Or at least,  a party of 5 and not 2.Such deliciousness!! They were super generous with the fois gras, duck was tender, pork incredibly tender. Had to takeaway most of the Pied de Cochon but even cold.... Was amazeballs!!
5	This is the cream of the crop of what Montreal has to offer. We are very lucky to have such amazing food here and APDC has been a frontrunner for years. I have been a few times and I simply cannot find one bad thing to say about it. Fantastic food, fantastic drinks, fantastic atmosphere.
5	Clap hands for this amazing restaurant! We started with foie gras croquette (3.5 dollars a bite, which is so good. You can feel the melting)Cochonnailles Platter (9.5 bucks including various meat. As a meat lover, I was so happy to welcome a variety of tasty meat ) I can't express how happy I was when I tried the bucket of shrimps(10 bucks which is fantastic!!!!!!!!!!!!! Sweet and fresh My favorite here) Oh you can't miss the  PDC Melting pot (20.5 dollars full of meat and buttery mashed potatoes. So good but a little bit heavy for me. The portion is so big) Fries with duck fat is held in a sundae cup. A wonderful meal but don't forget to make a reservation!!!!!
2	I was looking forward to this place for my birthday for awhile. I wanted to like it. It started badly. We were stuck in traffic and were half and hour late. I called them several times and they never answered but left a message. (Just reserving for this place is not easy. They never answer and they call you back to let you know if they have place a few days later) anyway, when we got to the restaurant they had given up our spot. After telling them it was birthday they managed to squeeze us in a spot after waiting another half an hour. The ambiance had a sugar shack feel. Including sitting very close to others. There is not much room in between tables. My husband had the foie gras poutine and I had the duck carpaccio. They were both great but he said his was very rich. I loved my plate as it was light. I also tried the bite sized foie which was wonderful. I then ordered a stew with porc and potatoe gratin on top. He has the "meat plate" to be honest both were too heavy. The food is prepared well but leaving here you almost fall into a food coma right away. In my opinion overhyped and pricey. I will not be going back.
5	foie gras again and again. i made a decision to come back on subsequent visits rather than have to be wheel chaired out or taken to an emergency room after my heart stops from too much foie at once.didn't have a reservation so arrived a little after 5 pm and asked if they had any availability. seated us right away and we were done in less than 2 hours so they'd have time for their reserved bar seats in time. totally reasonable. they hand write their reservations here. crazy!anyway, ordered the apple, blue cheese and endive salad. great combination and perfect to pair with the heavier foie gras dishes. it was great! (btw whats up with their large utensils).the duck carpaccio was absolutely amazing.  cheese, mushrooms, chives, raw egg, the works. i would love to have this daily. ugh!! angry it isn't this good in nyc!!!the foie gras poutin. why not combine two things that are delicious right? ABSOLUTELY!!! would recommend ordering duck fat fries to supplement the remaining gravy and curds after you attack this dish. not salty, but truly flavorful. loved it. this place is truly crushing it!the desserts in montreal are not my cup of tea (neither is the coffee). but we went deep and got the special sunday for two!! seems like it was made for 5 people though.... maple vanilla ice cream, carmel popcorn, maple breading, maple cotton candy, gold leaf dessert. the chocolate was unnecessary, but the carmel popcorn and maple breaded pieces were good. i probably had two bites. it was not good enough to want to encounter more than a couple bites.i will however be back for more carpaccio and different foie gras dishes on each subsequent visit. yum!!! definitely the best and not somewhere to pass up!!!
5	Review #600!If Gluttony truly is a sin, then you'd be committing it ten times over with one visit to Au Pied De Cochon.The brainchild of one Martin Picard, Au Pied de Cochon stands as one of the more celebrated restaurants in Montreal. Mr. Picard would love nothing more than for you to have a clogged artery, extra cushion, or at the very least, a severe case of the meat sweats. To drop dead from a heart attack would be the ultimate compliment as this food is rich and he doesn't fein an attempt at hiding it. The menu consists of all things duck (especially foie gras) and pig with many other eclectic items thrown into the mix. We started with the Duck Carpaccio ($13) which were slices of raw duck that were topped with mushrooms, chives, cheese, and an egg yolk. The Duck Carpaccio was a dish I was clamoring to order as I had never had carpaccio of duck before, but I found it a bit underwhelming. The ingredients never meshed together very well and though the duck had a subtle flavor, it took a backseat to the sharper tastes of the chives and the egg yolk. We indulged in their namesake Pied de Cochon ($22), which literally translates to a pig's foot. I've had many variations of pig's feet and this one seemed to have encompassed a bit of them all, oddly enough. The skin was left on and it maintained its chewy gelatinous texture. The meat underneath was fork tender as it seemingly roasted under the skin. The meat was very tasty and came served atop a bed of mashed potatoes. My duck obsession continues with an order of the Duck in a Can ($43). This was the dish that drew my attention towards the restaurant. The server brings a plate of mashed potatoes and a small baguette. Then comes a soup can with "Canard Conserve" plastered across it, seemingly store bought. However, when the server opens it up, it plops right onto the mashed potatoes. A fatty duck breast (skin-on) that was marinating in foie gras lays out all over the potatoes. It's actually not a very appetizing sight, but it definitely tastes much better than it looks. The duck breast is a bit too fatty for my liking, but because it was marinating in foie gras, it really made for a hearty meal. The duck is very tender with the fat a bit tough. The bed of mashed potatoes sucked in the foie gras flavor and the baguette was nothing more than a victim as it broke down into mush. Definitely an experience you should have at least once if coming here, though it's not for everybody.Make sure you are making your reservations well in advance. I made mine a month in advance just to err on the side of caution. The restaurant itself can be difficult to spot since there is no sign, so just be on the lookout. Service was fair and the restaurant was packed on my visit there. There are so many other dishes I would love to try like the Foie Gras Poutine or the Pigs Heads, but that will have to be for future visits. Though this is far from the best restaurant in Montreal, there is no doubt that it's reputation deserves your visit.
5	The most disappointing part of going to Au Pied de Cochon for lunch? Not being able to try the 15 different things I wanted to order.  There is nothing "light" about anything on the menu here, and that's the way it should be. Everything we ordered was rich and decadent, from the terrine to the "sugar pie", and the foie in between, everything was delicious. Hope to be back in Montreal soon, just to get to have a few more meals here.
4	I've heard a lot about their duck in a can dish.  However we got side tracked last night with the lobster roll special with slices of fois gras.   When we suggested we order both the lobster roll and the duck in a can, our waiter suggested we wait. The portion was so huge, especially after two starters, we doggie bagged 1/3 of the roll so that we would have room for their lemon tart.  Definitely one of the best lemon tarts in the world!!!  The lemon curd is not too sweet, perfect crust and meringue lightly torched.The restaurant is packed even after 10:30PM. Most of the wait staff is young, but the service is attentive and friendly. We sat at the bar which allowed us to watch some of the dishes being prepped.  If you love gluttony this restaurant is not to be missed.
2	4 stars for service and 1 star for food itself. We did go in with high expectations because this is highly rated in yelp. Also was recommended in the American Airline destination guide. We ordered the specials- meatloaf topped with a tiny piece of foie gras and the pork chip with mushrooms. Very disappointed with both dishes. The pork chop was way undercooked with blood dripping. And a big piece of fat surrounded the whole chop. We asked that to be redone and the chef said it is not possible. Eating pork raw like that will definitely risk having parasites. No way! We asked to replace with the bison ribs. The server was nice about it.  The ribs turned out ok but really ordinary tasting. Too sweet from BBQ sauce. The meatloaf was wayyyyy too salty. I honestly didn't care for it. Hard to swallow but we didn't want to seem like we are complainers so I just let that go. The foie gras was a tiny piece and was also not done well. Still saw some red with fiber inside. Again didn't complain but sorely miss expectations. They brought us duck fat fries to compensate for my hubby's undone pork chop. That was nice gesture. That was the only thing barely pass. Oh the foie gras croquet appetizer was ok. Not as good as it was hyped up.
5	Au Pied de Cochon is an institution owned by Wild chef Martin Picard.His love for Pork,Foie gras & Maple syrup reflects in most of his dishes.Pied de Cochon means "Pigs foot". The food here is Heart stopping..... Literally. If you are a health freak, this place is not for you. Most of the dishes here are capable of putting you into a food induced coma. We started with a Maple bourbon daiquiri. Ordered the BC oysters, Duck fries & Tomato Tartlet. The BC oysters were big and fresh. Also the sauce it came with was very flavorful. The duck fries were kinda meh. I've had better. The Tomato tartlet was very rich, flaky & full of flavor. For mains we ordered the Lobster roll with foie gras, The Bison rib, Duck in a can & Pied de cochon. My favorite was Duck in the can. Duck breast with skin marinated in foie gras and served on a bread. Was very rich. A bit too rich for a couple of my friends, But I enjoyed it.The Bison rib was really good. One giant rib cooked to perfection. The lobster roll was good. The buttery flavor and foie gras make it very heavy. Pied de Cochon was pork with foie gras on a bed of mashed potatoes and foie gras infused mushroom gravy. We couldn't finish it all. It was an amazing experience. I OD'd on meat. Now have to go on a detox diet for a week. But was TOTALLY WORTH it.Food : Gastronomically deliciousService :GreatAmbiance : Casual/LoudWorth the price : Yes
4	Stopped by Au Pied de Cochon for Brunch before heading back to the states. Tough getting a reservation on a weekend for dinner, but luckily the sunday brunch is first come first served. The brunch is served almost dim sun style where they stroll a cart of brunch dishes to your table and you can pick what you want. They then proceed to mark your menu with the items taken. Just like chinese dim sum.  There are over 30 items available that range from savory to sweet, all unique or a play on some traditional fares. Very delicious and enjoyable. I highly recommend it to everyone.I would put it for 5 stars, but have to take off one star for some organizational issues. They do the push carts, but also allow people to order directly off the menu, and thats fine. Problem is, when we ordered off the menu, some items never got to our table. they somehow got intercepted and put on the regular push cart i suppose? Half the time you dont know if a push card is for people who ordered things or if they will stop by your table. Because of this we were able to try all the item we wanted except for one, where the waiter tried to order it for us 3 times, and still it never showed. Other than that, of which i hope is a only rare occurrence, I highly recommend brunch here, and will hit up the dinner on my next visit.
2	... back 2 years later and clearly not the same experience...loud place, with gang of amateur college student waiters being sometimes noisier than clients... smaller portions and only lukewarm when brought to the table...champlain foie gras reheated and only luke warm = bad... serve it fresh and well done or simply don't offer it...cote levee de bison is just a joke but was recommended to me by the waiter (this or the pied de cochon, this time? what is the best?). A huge bone but nothing other then chewy fascias and gummy membranes on it (more expensive than the pied de cochon...)! Any bad cook would see that and try to stew and braise this much much longer and more to make it at least chewable, if not edible... sauce was OK because it visually masked the shininess of the piece of gummy "meat"... disrespectful!won't return, won't recommended anymore.... at all...PS: the bixi station around the corner has disappeared... I would have done the same...
5	This meal was phenomenal, sent here for a bachelor party and wasn't disappointment.  Our waiter recommended dishes and was a great help.  I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Montreal!
5	This place deserved 5 stars (that I give very very rarely). We had so many so-so experiences since arriving in Montreal, so this is definitely a place to try if you are not a vegetarian! All the meat dishes and even seafood (lobster, oysters) are prime quality. Try the Bison Temaki a new rendition of spicy tuna sushi except with a creamy tartar of bison meat. The poutine is right there, as a simple comfort food that is simple still very easy to fail (in many touristy places around the city). We had the very decent size portion of the Happy Pork Chop. Tender inside and crispy on the outside with a delicious mushroom and cranberry sauce.The co-owner told us the Pork Cut was the same but much larger at 1/2kg of meat...As an appetizer I ordered the special du jour and my friends that was out of this world!!A duck tartelette (mini pie) filled with meat and mushrooms, the whole pie being covered when served with a smooth and creamy sauce made with foie gras, morel mushrooms and herbs.Go try this place but book it in advance as I have never seen a kitchen so busy.
5	First let me say that this restaurant glorifies food, in particular pork, foie gras and maple syrup in ways that can best be called food porn. It is excessive, extravagant, undeniably delicious and incredibly satisfying.The ambience is kind of modern bistro, with plenty of noise, activity and young staff. But don't let that put you off, because the food is so worth it. We started off with the French onion soup - the only disappointment of the night. Too much bread and the small amount of broth was weak and lacked depth. Things improved vastly with the duck tart which was incredible! Perfect golden brown pastry with a duck confit filling, topped with a foie gras sauce. I could barely refrain from licking the plate, it was that good. Then we had the asparagus special, served over duck carpaccio and topped with a morel sauce and shaved parmesan - in a word, fantastic! Next up was the duck breast topped with the oyster mushrooms and fiddlegreens served over potatoes fried in duck fat. It sounds excessive, and it was, but oh my, it was unbelievably delicious. One of the best duck dishes I have had in my life.By this point all that rich food and wine was beginning to take it's toll, so we opted for the chocolate molten cake - somewhat more conventional, but really well done and just as rich and decadent as one could hope for.Did I enjoy this meal? Heck yeah!Will I be back? As soon as I can!
4	My oh my! Dinner at Au Pied de Cochon was one of the tastiest meals I've had in awhile. Their house dish, Pied de Cochon was spectacular! The skin of the roasted pork underneath that gravy... Superb! It was so delicious and the flavors really complex. French Onion soup is a must here as well as the Apple, Bleu cheese & Endive salad. The soup was well made - not overly salty and made from scratch (the way it should be). We added 100g foie gras which elevated the dish to another level of decadence!Foie Poutine was the dish to catch my attention on Yelp. But unfortunately, it was the most forgettable dish of the night - What Poutine? Another dish that fell short from hitting the mark was Duck in a Can. My gosh, this dish was super salty! Aside from the saltiness, I just don't remember anything about the Duck in a Can. There is a cocktail made with fresh squeezed orange juice - get it! This drink was the most amazing cocktail I've ever had. Service here is great :) Very friendly staff that is attentive, talkative but not overbearing.
5	We went to dinner at PDC on a Saturday night. We had seats at the bar which was perfect given a superb bartender / waiter and getting to see the hustle and bustle of a very involved staff. Our server was extremely helpful in recommending dishes and highly recommended the veal shank for two and the crab and cucumber salad. First - the salad was super fresh and the crab ultra tender and flavorful. The veal shank was gigantic. It came served on a huge platter with polenta, red wine Demi glaze sauce fois gras sauce and these awesome pin wheel vegetables. The shank was braised and fall of the bone tender and juicy. Amazing meat. We couldn't finish but were highly satisfied although my wife thought while perfectly prepared the meat was a little bland. The bread we got in the beginning of the meal was also great. Served hot it was crusty and soft with yeasty slightly salty goodness. For desert we had the pecan pie with vanilla ice cream which I looved. It was flaky and the pecans crisp and gooey at the same time and the ice cream proved the perfect compliment. It would have better if it was served warm but not a huge deal. We had wonderful glasses of red wine through he evening. I'd highly recommend PDC to anyone on a trip to Montreal.
2	It really pains me to give Au Pied de Cochon 2 stars, but honestly it didn't live up to the expectations I had for it. It was one of my top 3 musts for my visit to Montreal. Before the appetizers came I was telling my brother how I thought this could possibly be my favorite restaurant ever. I can be wrong from time to time.The food was hit and miss. Everything sounds amazing when you read it off the menu, but the execution of some of the dishes left much to be desired. It's probably mentioned a lot but it really can't be emphasized enough: almost all the food is really heavy, fatty, and salty. Items I remember trying and would get again: Foie Gras Poutine (obligatory and good), Duck Carpaccio (best dish of the night), Foie Gras Cromesquis (wasn't amazing but it's interesting and I don't know anywhere else that I could get something like this), and another Foie Gras dish I didn't learn the name of. Dishes I probably didn't enjoy that much: Duck in a can (it was not bad, but I wouldn't get it again since it's so salty and at $44, hefty pricing too), Cod Fritters (meh), Lobster Risotto (ugh the risotto was undercooked and too dry for my taste and everyone else's taste at our table so it was a big disappointment), and the PDC Melting Pot (oh god, the worst thing hands down...all the meats were overcooked to the 7th depth of hell and it was all hard and dry...also no pork belly was in it as promised), and lastly, the Creme Brulee was a major dropping of the ball too (the creme was more like wet curds of tofu in texture and it was sour...what the hell). Creme Brulee is my brother's favorite dessert hands down and you guys made him depressed all night over how bad it was. The servers are really awesome. The main dude was on point as a server. He memorizes orders, is charismatic and helpful, great personality and slightly funny. My brother and I ordered a shit ton and he challenged us to finish it all. We finished everything except we had to take the leftover Melting Pot home. He called us out when we asked for the to-go box for not finishing but it wasn't because we were full. It was just really inedible. I didn't have the heart to tell him that we won the challenge essentially... on top of adding that shitty ass Creme Brulee for dessert afterwards. Glad I tried it out albeit pretty disappointing. The menu is still interesting enough, but I'd probably not come back with all the other great Montreal restaurants around. Le Club Chasse et Peche would be my next target probably (I hear it's the same owner).
5	Really can't add much.  Fun atmosphere, great food, minor delays getting seated but the place was jammed so no worries.  Make a reservation!!!  I had the cut of the day, excellent, and took the leftovers out to Mount Royal for a picnic!  Splendid!
4	Service:   * Fantastic service and upbeat, friendly staff.Ambience:   * I spent a week in Montreal and dined out as much as my schedule permitted.  Of all the fancy French and Italian places that I dined at, I liked the unpretentious and casual environment of this restaurant.  It was warm, open, with display of their seafood, and very energetic.Food, Portion, and Quality:   *  I regret not trying the pork dishes and opted for lobster and seafood.  Not able to provide too much review on food, but I would not order my dishes again.Drinks:   * We had beer and cocktails, made by a super cute and friendly bartender.  The drinks went well with our meal.
4	I pied my cochon the food was do dam f'n good.  I poo'd my cochon being so bloated after the meal.  All jokes aside this dinner we had was fantastic. From the foie gras Poutine, foie gras burger, and the Duck in a can. They could not have cooked the food any better. Service did not exceed my expectation, but I was too busy and happy stuffing my face in foie gras. &
5	Amazing everything. Service was efficient, courteous, and attentive (immediately refilled our bread when they saw that we had extra food gras terrine, which was awesome). The food was everything that people say it is. I suggest ordering as much foie gras as possible, but don't eat anything for a few days afterwards.What we ordered: duck carpaccio, foie gras terrine, foie gras poutine and the pied du cochon.
4	For my boyfriend and my final dinner in Montreal, we made reservations at Au Pied de Cochon.We were greeted by a friendly waiter and he went through the specials with us (there were a lot of specials). He described the cold lobster soup ($12) so well, I decided to go with it. We also got oysters (6 for $18) because I love raw oysters. Lastly, we had to get au pied de cohon au foie gras ($45). The waiter was nice enough to tell us that hte au pied de cochon will be enough for the two us and that we shouldn't order any other mains. They also offered us freshly baked bread as we waited for our appetizers and main meal.When we got the cold lobster soup, we were surprised because we didn't hear the waiter mentioning that it was cold. It was quite salty and I didn't catch any lobster flavour in the soup at all.When the oysters came, I was super excited until I saw the size of it. It was quite small considering it was $3 a piece. I could get the same size oyster for cheaper ($1 a piece) at Biff's Bistro in Toronto during their happy hour. Nonetheless, the oysters were delicious and the sauce that it came with went wonderfully together.Lastly was our main meal which took 30 minutes of wait time after finishing our appetizers. The meat fell off the pig's foot. The sauce over the mushrooms was so good. The best part was the mashed potato with cheese melted into it. This restaurant really lived up to its hype on this dish.However, our night sadly went downhill because the waiter was nowhere to be seen. We wanted to see the dessert menu to possibly order more food. However, every time we see him, he'll finish talking to another customer and then walk the opposite direction from where we were sitting. Finally, we decided to get the bill. We finally flagged him down and he didn't get back to us at all. From the end of our main meal to trying to get the dessert menu to us trying to get the bill took over 30 minutes. In the end, it was another person (looks like the manger) who got us the bill.I still give this place four stars. Although the waiter completely failed at serving our table, the food was awesome and the price point wasn't too bad.
5	Fantastic restaurant!!!!  We had the duck in a can which is a must order.  We had the goose liver beignets, tuna tartare amazing .... Everything was superb!!!Make a reservation early!!!  Go eat, enjoy, drink ....live!!!  :-)
4	Fries and foie gras. You typically would not find these two things in the same sentence, much less the same dish. The culinary equivalent of the Prince and the Pauper. But Pied de Cochon decides to break status quo and do it anyway. What a rebel. The Foie Gras Poutine is a fancy version of Canada's beloved comfort food. Palate pleasing, yet a little underwhelming. How so? It's as if a waiter holding a foie gras dish and a waiter holding a plate of fries ran smack into each other and attempted to pull of the resulting haphazard combination as a new creation. The fries just physically don't go together with the chunks of foie gras.What I did do was eat them separately. The fries & cheese curds drenched in the sauce was fantastic. The foie gras itself in the sauce was amazing. I guess maybe I shouldn't complain since I got two dishes out of one. More bang for the buck. Fries. Foie gras. ^ That's more accurate. PS - If I could, I would minus 928374927348234 stars for how inconvenient it is to find parking. Had to park illegally a ways away, run in & order, run out and wait in the car, run back to pick up my order, then run back to my car. True story. Me: 1 Parking maid: 0
4	You know that feeling you get on thanksgiving after you've eaten that last bite of pie at the end of the meal that put you over the edge? Try multiplying that by 10 and then dumping all-you-can-eat foie gras on top and you get the Au Pied de Cochon experience.Don't get me wrong - the food was AMAZING!!! I'm just saying you shouldn't eat the 24 hours preceding your reservation (and you WILL need a reservation - people were being turned away at the door because the restaurant was fully booked until midnight!).I'm not sure what I was expecting, but I think I had a more 'fine dining' experience in mind when I booked a table for me and my sister during our Montreal vacation. I was greeted with a bustling bistro/pub combo that fully embraced the gorgeous summer weather with an open storefront. Our table wasn't ready but they had availability at the bar with a perfect view of the kitchen, so we opted for the 'dinner and a show' experience. It did not disappoint! There were 2 cooks (chefs?) in charge and a floating number of supporters manning the 2-stove, 12-burner, no flat-top, and one double fryer line. How they pumped out food for what must have been an 80-seat restaurant AND take out orders is beyond me.The food was DELICIOUS. We opted for the tried-and-true fare - a plate of the foie gras poutine, duck in a can, and the eponymous signature dish. Such richness!!! I've never eaten that much foie gras in one sitting in my life! I couldn't even make it halfway through my entree (and that NEVER happens to me). Even after having a day to reminisce over the flavors, I still can't decide which was my favorite dish - I recommend trying them all.This is - in every sense of the phrase - a 'splurge meal' (for your wallet and your waistline) but it is WELL worth it!!!
4	Okay..I'm not a big fan, but the the selection, presentation and the great drinks make it deserve 4 stars. and on top of all - we were there for forever and no one gave us the feeling that we should leave like most restaurants in the US. for appetizer we orders the quail. it served whole which is kinda freaky. it tasted like soy sauce. I'm assuming that there was much more than just soy sauce, but it overcome the rest of the flavors.my husband ordered the lobster which he said that it was really good and our friend order the lobster roll which based on the clean plate - he liked it.me and my friend shared the special hen for 2, which should have been hen for 3.. it was very juicy, but the white wine flavor was too sharp for my taste.oh - we also had the mushed potatoes which were very rich and cheesy - not good. the server was very sales oriented, which was kinda annoying, but that's about it.average to my taste, but the rest of our party liked it.
5	Started our trip to Montreal with a fantastic dinner at Au Pied de Cochon. Just a short wait to be seated and got a great table by the window. Immediately noticed what a noisy and lively place it was. Started with the prosciutto and crostini which was incredible. My wife tried the codfish fritters which were also very good but didn't finish them because we needed to save room for our main course.  I had the PDC melting pot which was great. The pork was so tender and delicious. My wife had the stuffed pied de cochon with foie gras which was one of the greatest dishes we have ever eaten. Truly fantastic but it was so big and so rich that we weren't able to finish it all. Their Pied de Cochon beer was perfect with the food on a hot summer evening. Service was fantastic and not rushed at all despite the fact that it was very busy. Really a perfect dining experience.
3	My group of 4 had a reservation at 7 pm on a Sunday, and it's a good thing we did. We were visiting Montreal from the States and heard this place was great (mostly based on the yelp reviews). It was hard to know what to get because the menu was not very descriptive, in French or English. Our server listed off all the non-menu items they had that day, and it was a LOT. This made it hard to remember and sort through what sounded good. I think we were okay with the food we got, although we thought it was quite overpriced.
4	A wonderfully knowledgable server. An excellent bottle of wine. Smashing appetizers:  Bison tongue with pickles, carrot, and aioli, and a zucchini loaded with veal, pasta, basil and cheese. 45 minutes in, I thought this would be in the top three meals of my life.But then, our mains came out. Although the Duck-in-a-Can and roasted stuffed pork (with mushrooms, greens and more mushrooms) were delicious, we could have made do with about 1/16th the portion of each. Both dishes were a tremendous assault of rich flavors and fatty decadence.We really enjoyed our dinner at Au Pied de Cochon, and I think we'd absolutely go back... but I think the trick might be to eat our way through the small plates instead of trying to tackle the heavy hitters.
5	An absolute must if visiting Montreal. These folks have such passion for what they do. From the appetizers to the desserts the food is awesome and our experience with the service has been great.One thing to keep in mind is that some items take 30-40 mins to cook in the wood fired oven i.e the pdc chop the biggest best pork chop you'll ever have. I would also recommend the melting pot a tasting of boudin noir, pork sausage, chop, and shoulder over creamy mashed potatoes a meal for one or we get as an app to get all our favorites in one dish.Only downside like all restaurants in this area parking is a bit hard to come by, expect a few blocks walk from the main street.
5	Best food in Montreal, great service!!! Thumbs up for that women run kitchen!!!  good job girls!
5	This place is amazing. It's my second time there. Reservations are nearly impossible, and unless you speak French, very difficult to change. Dishes I love are duck carpaccio, fois gras poutine, and the fish special, which was a seared swordfish.
4	This was one of the best restaurant experiences I have had in Montreal and if Yelp would let me, I'd give it 4.5 stars. The first good sign was the serving of warm bread. Given the name, I was expecting only pork options on the menu but the selection turned out to be quite varied. There were 11 of us so I got to try lots of entrees (and the portions are made for sharing): lobster, hen, happy pork chop, and bison rib. All were very good but the rib was the table favorite. It fell completely off the bone and was covered in a sauce that had a perfect blend of tang and sweet. The sauteed spinach garnish that came with the rib was delicious and would have loved it as a side. The mashed potatoes were also a hit...just like your grandmother made 'em.  (I was not as impressed with the special mussels appetizer, and the duck carpaccio needed some acid so minus half a star.)  Too stuffed for dessert.  Topping it all off was the stellar service, and remember, we had 11 folks at the table. This place is a winner.
5	I had always heard Au Pied was one of the best restaurants in the city, but had never gotten around to going. This spring I brought a buddy and his visiting bachelor party  and we were all blown away. Highlights include: George St. Pierre sighting, pork grinds starter, pork chop the size of my head, pulled pork french toast sandwich, and a frois grois poutine that brought down the house. Go there.
2	The service blows -- it took a full 10 minutes before anyone so much as acknowledged me at the hostess stand (and they New Yorkers are rude). The waiter gave us a very inaccurate description of a special dish for two -- which ended up being four chunks of lobster and what was supposed to be 200 grams of fois gras -- but instead it was a mess of over-salted pasta covered in cheese for $70. It looked like cat food. And they made us wait 20 minutes in between courses. The poutine with fois gets smaller every year. Way over-hyped and over-priced.  Check out L'Express for really well-prepared food for that kind of money. Dinner for two with wine came to $200 and we took barely took two bites out of our main, but no one asked how it was and then the waiter did nothing about it, charged us anyway. Certainly won't be going back.
2	one of the most overrated restaurants in canada. greasy ass food, salty as fuck, and people call it good.
4	Was able to get a seat at the bar. Excellent blue fin tuna tartar special, and fantastic seared foie (which was the soul reason for my visit).Good wine by the glass selection, but I have to admit when I asked the server if they had sauternes by the glass, he didn't know what that was. Given they serve foie, I was surprised no Sauternes. Service was OK. Ambiance is busy and a bit loud, but I enjoyed it.
5	All I'm going to say is you better have the Poutine!!!!A must go place when in Montreal for anyone. Expect to wait awhile to be seated but as you'll find out it's well worth the wait. Cheese mash potatoes OMG. Atmosphere? It's ok. I didn't go there for that. The food is sublime. I go every time I'm in Montreal.
4	Plan in advance and make your reservation early! The place is packed and there's no way you'd get seated without one. This was definitely one of the most memorable meals of our recent trip to Montreal. Even though we couldnt try everything on the menu, it was nice to see the dishes our neighboring tables ordered. My husband and I ordered:- Pate de campagne: great to start off the meal. Fresh, definitely sparked my appetite for more.- Duck in a can: So yummy!!!! Everyone says it's worth getting- and IT IS! Just get it. It's not like anything you'll get anywhere else. Super juicy and the meat just falls off the bone. And oh yea, there's a big chunk of foie gras in there too. Weird to think something cooked in a tin can could be so special, but it is.- PDC Melting Pot: Very tasty and fun to get a sample of different meats, including blood sausage. We also loved the relaxed atmosphere- no need to dress up because it's not one of those foofy stuck-up places. The store front is completely open, so it's almost like eating outdoors if you're seated by the front. The space is pretty tight- we kept joking that being skinny must be a requirement to be a waiter there. Service is kind of slow. We were there for over 2 hours, but we didn't mind because we were there to relax and enjoy our dinner. No one rushed us out the door despite it being so crowded. Our main waiter was really nice and friendly, however the people bringing our food to the table weren't the best. We found a hair in our pate and asked for a new one, and judging by the reaction, you'd think WE did something wrong! No apology- he just took it away and brought us a new one. Not a big deal, but you'd think for the amount you're spending, a little customer service would be nice when we find hair in our food. Overall, a great experience and definitely worth a trip to. Keep in mind they are closed Sundays and Mondays when making your reservations....so plan around it! It's worth it.
5	I read the reviews of this place and almost didn't go. That would've been a HUGE mistake. The short version is, our waiter was nice, patient, explained the menu and specials multiple times, and spoke very good English. I got the duck confit and seared duck breast. It was AMAZING as was the Poutine Foie Gras.  My friend got the shepherd's pie, it was really good. And the beef tartare was good, but overwhelming for one person.  As for the Melting Pot... just pass on this dish.  Overall it was a really good experience and not as expensive as others would have you believe. But to be fair, we could only get a reservation for 5 PM (opening), which I believe played in our favor with the service. And it took three days and three phone calls to get that reservation. Minor inconveniences, but well worth it.
4	Very hard to reserve, call ahead of time! Good food, worth to try. Good service as well.
5	Highly Recommended.Get the Duck in the Can, Foie, and the Burger. And order some stuff to share at the table. Au Pied de Cochon is famous from its appearance on the Anthony Bourdain hosted No Reservations episode in Quebec. http://www.travelchannel.com/tv-shows/anthony-bourdain/travel-guides/quebecMy first love here will always be the duck in a can (44.00$) which you can order to go since it'll last 2-3 days if refrigerated. This may very well be the best thing I ever ate that I didn't cook. half a duck breast, 100g of foie gras, mushrooms, half a head of garlic, and vegetables.The Foie gras shots are a winner to start with. Small, simple, superb.The Foie gras 'tout nu' is a very close second. Its simplicity is its strongest suit. Balsamic glazed seared foie gras atop large crustinis.If you want to turn the tout nu on it's head, but with the same flavors, go with the Foie gras hamburger, this massive beast of a burger will leave you with no regrets.The Foie gras Poutine is alright, I feel like they could have done so much more with this dish, same with the terrine. The next time I'm back, I want to try the cured foie gras & boudin tart and the foie gras DuoMy beer recommendations include the Cheval Blanc and Cream Ale. The XXX Milkshake is also a dream, like one of those really willd fantasies that make you keep wanting more.Chef Martin Picard does wonders with meats and foie. We had duck terrine, duck foie gras cubed, frozen and fried.
4	When I mentioned to friends I was going to Montreal everyone ask are you eating at "Au Pied du Couchon?" I guess everyone watched the episode with Anthony Bourdain as did it so of course I rsvp! The pack and bustling restaurant was in full swing. People running food to tables and the line out the door at reception all clamoring to get a table.  If you didn't have a rsvp on the night we went, you didn't have a chance. They were running a bit behind. We were seat 30 minutes after our reservation at 10pm. The packed restaurant service was a bit slowish but overall friendly. We weren't in a rush but the host did eventually make his way to our table. We ordered a beer to start off which came fairly quickly and water was always topped off. We wanted to start with the foie gras Cromesquis but it never showed up. Thankfully, the Bison Temakii which was veal on the night we went was very good. Excellent flavors and a nice start to the meal in addition to the amuse bouche. The melting pot is a pot full of goodness with different selections of pork and boudin on top of the creamiest, velvet smooth mashed potatoes I've ever had. My table mate wanted a second helping because it was that good. The pork chop was moist, seasoned and cooked to perfection. Our order of side vegetables never came but we remembered to inquire about it unlike the foie gras. Once it did appear, the medley of root vegetables was a perfect accompaniment to the meal as the meal could use some greens but it would have to do.While I don't usually eat this late with the meal finishing at 1am! The meal was satisfyingly good. Nothing was over seasoned and I have to admit the mashed potato was darn amazing.  Even with the wait, missing orders Au Pied du Couchon is impressive and certainly one not to miss if you are in Montreal and a carnivore.
5	Trip to Montreal is never complete without a visit to this temple of Foie Gras.   I normally save this place for my last whenever I visit the city because if you were to begin your stay eating here with its Caligula style orgy of pure, filthy (in a good way), no holds barred gluttony and excess in action, you're guaranteed an anti-climax.   Save it for your last because this place will uniquely overwhelm you.First time I came here many years ago I left thoroughly impressed with what I call bucket list approach to chef Picard and his devoted brigade's cooking.   It's Tony Mantana sniffing palm full of coke with grenade gun blazin' type of attitude and execution here.     Sit at the choice kitchen bar seats, buckle up and enjoy the controlled chaos and spectacle of gluttony that is Au pied de Cochon.   Be sure to leave your vegan friends back at the hotel.  Just let yourself go.  You'll understand.
5	Foie gras time! This place is always busy so be sure to call in for a reservation. I sat at the bar and it was pretty nice chatting to the bartenders and waiters. They have reccomendations and extensive wine list. I order a glass of red wine, fried foie gras, PDC salad (pig, duck, chicken hearts) and foie gras poutine. The fried foie gras was mouth-watering. The waiter tells me to wait 45 seconds before placing it inside my mouth and chew with your mouth closed as the foie gras gush out leaving your mouth super satisfied. The PDC salad was huge and generous amounts of PDC for sure. Lastly, what I've been waiting for, foie gras poutine! It was love at first bite and every bite after. The seared foie gras was impeccable and simply melts inside your mouth. The cheese curd was chewy and had much flavor. The gravy complimented everything there and it was simply divine. I highly recommend this place!!!
4	I would recommend going with people so you can order more.My hungover eyes ordered more than I could eat.Skip the APC beer because it's a lame adjunct lager. Order anything else.The little foie croquettes are a fun experience of exploding liquid foie in your mouth. The pickled tongue I could have passed on.The French onion soup is classic, although with chunk of pork fat inside.The pork chop special was killer with the most wonderful and colorful tomatoes surrounding the dish.The duck fat fries were decent, although if I came with people, I would make them foie poutine or regular poutine fries.There was no wait for myself on a Friday night. The waiter was extremely kind. He was humble about his English, but I understood him perfectly.A fine meal. I ordered too much and paid about $70. I think a person can reasonably spend $50-60.
1	waited one hour between dishes. poor service! asked for a cake for my husbands borthday, they completely forgot about it.
3	Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed Au Pied du Cochon. I'd even go as far as recommending it to anyone visiting Montreal. I don't regret eating there - but I wouldn't be upset if I never ate there again.Au Pied du Cochon is a culinary experience unlike any I've ever had. I'm not sure it's counterpart exists in the US. It's pure gluttony. The menu doesn't have much finesse - it punches you in the face with flavor and foie. I enjoyed every dish we had, but wouldn't rave about any of them. The duck in a can was good, the duck carpaccio was better, the tuna belly was tasty, but none of it blew me away. Most tasted good for a bite or two, and then wore me down with its richness. Especially the beef osso buco, which was the thickest osso buco I've ever tasted. I enjoyed eating at APdC. It's an experience worth having while in Montreal. The service and ambiance are awesome. But would I put in the same sentence as Joe Beef? No, definitely not. You want to eat at Joe Beef every weekend - you want to eat at APdC once, and then go hibernate for a year.
3	Good, but not great foie gras (great foie gras does not need to be drowned in a  balsamic or any other glaze!). The duck in a can works and the foie packed with it works better there too; the pot of assorted meats got good marks as well. An Italiante eggplant and pasta starter didn't work and shouldn't have been served, and the beef tongue was good without being particularly distinguished for those who grew-up with and enjoy tongue. We understand that the deafening noise level is part of the experience--although we don't appreciate it, but the real let-down was the service, or lack thereof. Despite having an early reservation and ordering without delay, staff kept wandering by without either noticing or at least responding to empty glasses (yes, we did want to order another round!). Oh, and to the server who promised to wrap-up the last of the meat pot to go--yes, we finally gave up and went; not planning to return.
5	This place was spectacular...after reading the mixed reviews, I wasn't hesitant, but certainly not over the moon excited about going.The place is fantastic, and it exceeded my expectations. That's what its all about right? Expectations?I had the bison tongue, foie with buckwheat pancakes and the horse tartare for my main. The foie was simply fantastic...balanced, rich and classy. Everything else was great too. We had a nice BordeauxGREAT food, GREAT atmosphere, GREAT staff. Can I give it 6 stars?
5	It was my friend Justin's birthday, 2012.My friend Yi and I ordered the pig's head. But you see, it wasn't just a pig's head. A lobster in the mouth, and with the skull pried open to reveal the brain, this was a feast for the ages.Did I mention it was 2012? Ok, because that evening ex-Premier of Quebec Jean Charest walked in with his family and favorite bodyguards and sat on the table to our right. It was the height of the student protests and I guess the twittersphere must have been active that night. Within 20 minutes the restaurant was surrounded with angst-filled unfulfilled twenty-somethings banging on the walls and windows of the cozy restaurant. That said, my friend and I were far too involved with the pig's head to care. Get the pig's head.
3	This restaurant looked very promising when i typed in "best french restaurants" in Montreal. Unfortunately, i feel like its a bit hyped up/ overrated. I am being generous for giving it 3 stars, it is probably just not my cup of tea. Location/ Ambiance:- it gets packed - noisy- trendy/ more of a hipster feel -very cramped- restrooms are a bit slippery and inconvenient since its right behind the bar Food:1.) Foie Gras Poutine - the fries, gravy and cheese were excellent.. the foie gras was pretty good.2.) Bison Tongue - not really my type, it has a very EARTHY taste... i couldnt even swallow it.3.) Herring - its very good - love the taste, a bit sour and little bit of sweetness.4.) Au Pied de Cochon - also very earthy - we only ate 1/4 of it. If you like an earthy taste - you might like it.. But its definitely not for me. Service:Excellent - staff is very friendly and helpful. Although we made reservations ahead of time but when we got there we still had to wait for at least half an hour for our table. Price: Expensive for what it is. Sorry PDC.
4	Foie Gras overload. Wow. Crazy decadent rich meal. This place was packed with a line out the door. It has a nice vibe (definitely not "fine dining" but more hip gastropub) and the waitstaff were really nice and took time to give us specials, answer questions about the menu, and give us reccs. The food was pretty good but definitely a little on the rich side. We had the foie poutine (delicious) as well as the buckwheat pancake with bacon/foie/maple syrup appetizer which was also delicious. Folks at my table went with the special tuna which was pretty good. I went with the duck in a can. I dunno if I was foie'd out at that point but it was a bit too rich and not quite as tender as I thought it would be. That being said, the flavor was good and the presentation fun. All in all, a good experience but I'd probably try out a lot more restaurants in Montreal before coming back. Also, while I don't think it is necessarily overpriced (good portion sizes and high quality ingredients in unique food) it also isn't cheap or one of those places you come out thinking "wow, that was such a good value." So yeah, overall, probably closer to 3.5 than 4 stars for me. That being said, I'm looking forward to eating my leftover Foie once I recover...
4	Our reservation was at 9:30pm, we were seated close to 9:30 and had to wait a little bit because the place was packed, plus there were line out the door.Here's how the rest of the night goes:Deep Fried Foie Gras Liquid (Explosion in your mouth): this was a nice teaser of what you're going to get. This little thing is the epitome of short sweet and meaningful.Foie Gras de Champlain: this course was good. Can I say that it was really good? maybe not because if you try Liverpool house similar dish of foie w/ some sort of pancake/toasted english muffin, bacon infused maple syrup, bacon, fried egg. I think Liverpool's was much better. I would still recommend to try this one though.PDC w/ Foie: by this time, I didn't even touch the foie gras that comes with the pig's feet. I think that the dish could serve three people. My wife and I could not even finish the whole damn thing. It was delicious, rich, fatty, gelatinous, crispy and rich. True epitome of gluttony!You need to come with empty stomach, big appetite, and get ready for a night of gluttony @ PDC...It was worth the wait and a must try restaurant when you're in Montreal, QC.
5	We made reservations way ahead of time prior to our trip to Montreal. Our reservation was at 8:30 but even then we still ended up waiting for another 30-40 minutes until we were seated - but the hostess was really sweet and checked in regularly to let us know they would seat us soon. While we were waiting, a few groups arrived without reservation, asked the hostess to place them on the last slot of the night which was I think about 10:30, and the hostess was able to take their names down.On to the food...Cromesquis de foie gras - basically deep fried cubes of liquid foie gras. Comes with 2 servings - which we were instructed to wait for about a minute, pick it up with our fingers; no utensils; and place it in our mouth. Basically an explosion of liquid foie gras goodness in your mouth. It's a nice introduction and starter to our meal.For the appetizer we got the tarragon bison tongue - so tender; the meat melts in your mouth.We also got the foie gras poutine - which of course is so decadent and basically so yummy. Unlike everyone - I had not fallen in love with poutine but this dish was definitely worth it to have and if all poutine was served like this then maybe I would be a convert.Duck in can - of course we had to try. Neat presentation. The duck breast was flavorful and cooked perfectly. The foie gras is of course so decadent and melts in your mouth. So so good. PDC's melting pot - which is sort of a sampler that includes pork chop, pork belly, blood sausage, another type of sausage with sort of a thick stew/sauce over it and served over a bed of really good mashed potatoes. This dish was good with really rich and deep flavors but nothing that was overly impressive for me.For dessert, we ordered the poudding chomeur - sort of a maple bread pudding, which came out piping hot. Super sweet but I love anything maple at this point. So definitely one of my favorite eating experiences while in Montreal. Really busy restaurant with a nice quaint atmosphere. Hostess and servers are super attentive. Prices aren't too bad - we spent a little over $150 for 2 people.
5	Live the dream! Great place to hang out with friends around a beer and some really fantastic food. The foie gras poutine is a homerun and the duck in a can a real experience. In the summer, try out the seafood platter.
4	Really very good but due to having the best meal of my life 2 days earlier it didn't pull that 5 star. I was impressed they held out reservation after being 20 min late but they made up for it when we, and both tables in either side of us I noticed, waited 20 min for them to take payment. Waitress choose a great bottle of wine for us $60, foie gras poutine was rich and good size as was the melting pot- don't fear the blood sausage! The French onion soup was amazingly perfect and the apple blue cheese salad was a good size too! Fun staff and busy busy busy. No room for strollers, or wheelchairs I can't imagine...
5	We went there a bit before the opening just to be sure to get a seat. The service was a bit slow but the waiters were very knowledgeable. We had a poutine au foie gras which was fantastic. It was very rich and went down nicely with a glass of white wine.  We also had the bison tongue and the horse tartare which were both interesting and tasty. I've also had the luck to try out their food truck, but it was not nearly the same experience and I definitely recommend going to the restaurant instead.
3	At Au Pied de Cochon, you will most likely experience the heaviest meal of your life. From the foie gras dishes to the duck in a can, everything is over-the-top indulgent. We decided to get a tuna confit salad and a tuna steak (the special of the day) to balance out the meat, but even the tuna steak was really, really heavy. If I had to pick my route to a heart attack though, I'd go with the foie gras poutine. It was godly... definitely a must-order at this restaurant.Knocking off a star because of the horrendous wait time to get seated. We had an 8:30 reservation on a Saturday night but didn't end up getting seated until about 9:10. The hostess seemed like she didn't really know what she was doing, because all the reservations were backed up and there was a line going out the door. Lesson learned: don't come here at a peak time on a weekend.
5	If you love Foie this is the place for you.  You can't go wrong with anything.  I especially love the carpaccio and PDC salad.  The Foie poutine was great too.  I look forward to coming back to try the other items coming out of the kitchen which passed by me :)The service and the people were impeccable!
4	Gluttony at its finest. You will feel like one of those poor ducks being stuffed with food, who knows you may be on the menu next (jk). Everything there is great. This is one of Montreal's finest dining establishments.
5	What a fabulous experience. This place is certainly not for the faint of heart, or for vegetarians for that matter, but if you like meat and aren't afraid of fat be sure not to miss this place. We had the poutine, the Guinea hen for two, and the strawberry pie, and all three were exceptional. So many interesting dishes, but with such large portion sizes, there just ins't enough room to try everything you want. I definitely plan to come back someday.
5	amazingggggggg! Delightful food and wonderful service. What a memorable meal. Only downside was that it was a little $$$$. Great as a part of my anniversary trip and a wonderful celebratory spot!!
5	This restaurant remains outstanding, and has never lost sight of what makes it great.  Knowledgeable servers, classy management on hand, strong menu... ....just an overall high level of service and pride of ownership across the cutting board.  *Foie gras poutine is the best poutine you will have anywhere on the planet - that is a promise - you need to get it, even just to share*French Onion Soup is an easy 8 out of 10*Duck in a can is an experience worth having at least once - Mmmm....... and although the pig head or pig's feet dishes take about 45 minutes to cook... they are pretty amazing...like everything else here...
3	Yeah,  the cuisine  is really good  but  I sort of got disappointed  because  there is just too much  hype  about this place  so unless  you  are stepping in Montreal's  best  restaurant,  you are sort of  guaranteed  to be disappointed.  Same  happened  to me because  I was expecting  the best  there is but got simply  a good restaurant.  The staff  was great though.
5	It was really good comfort food, everything incorporated with foie gras which I am a huge fan of, the cranberry goat cheese foie gras and the foie gras poutine is a must order. The duck appetizer was very good as well.
