2	I used to like this place.  I remember the first time I came here, on New Year's Eve, and the food was excellent.  So was the service.  The server even let my friend take home a bottle of the special plum sauce because he liked it so much.However, both the food and service have gotten worse and worse and now I never want to eat here again.  First, I realized they put MSG in the food unless you tell them not to.  Wha?  Should flavorful, spicy Thai food need MSG?  And it labels itself as a healthy, vegetarian friendly place.  The service is poor, it takes forever to get your food, and when you do get it you are invariably disappointed.  Last time I ordered Vegetarian Pad Si Ew (normally my favorite Thai dish.  I love the Chinese broccoli and yummy sauce).  Figured since it was a vegetarian dish it would probably have tofu for protein, right?  Wrong!  It had no protein except a few small beans.  It was also made with American broccoli, and the sauce tasted weird.  It tasted like it had MSG in it, even though I requested none.The atmosphere of the restaurant is also quite weird.  It's located in Commercial Center, within walking distance of Lotus of Siam... so just go there instead!
4	Compared to other two Thai restaurants in Las Vegas that I've been too(one is in the same complex as Komol and the other one on Las Vegas Blvd. near the Stratophere) Komol serves the most authentic and best tasting Thai food.  I'm a good judge because I've been to Thailand countless times.  The food in Komol is how it'll taste if you are in and ordering in a restaurant in Thailand.  If you are just starting to eat Thai food and wants recommendation, try their Spring Rolls for appetizer.  Go easy on one of the dipping sauces they serve with the spring roll because one of them, the Chinese mustard, shoots up your nose if you use to much and will clear your nasal passages dramatically.  Beef Penang Curry and Combination Fried Rice are my all-time favorite for my main dinner course.  They have a big menu for non-vegetarian and vegetarians.  Explicitly written on their menu that they use MSG in their dishes and that you have to tell them if you want otherwise.  Compared to many restaurants, Komol is a hole in the wall.  But don't be discouraged of their location because you'll find out, esp. if you like good Thai food, that this is a restaurant worth coming back.  Besides being located in a hole in the wall, the ratio of servers to tables is the only other thing I can complain about. I recommend Komol to anybody looking to find out what authentic Thai food is and to those who are just tired of their old favorite Thai restaurant.
5	This is by far the best Thai resaurant I've found in the valley. I like that this place is family-operated. We always go during lunch when its near empty and get waited on hand and foot. The waitstaff talks to us like we're friends, not customers. We always order panang. The panang is, as my friend puts it, "to die for." She gets chicken panang, I get the tofu panang. Either way, all you're really going for is the sauce. One day we'll grow the balls to just ask for panang sauce and a couple straws. We also order tom yum to start, nam tok (beef salad), and I get my standard green curry and sticky rice. Green curry is my favorite Thai dish ever, but Komol's is pretty lackluster. But everything else is always really good. My friend told me you're supposed to make little balls with the sticky rice and sop up the juices. The last time I went they were pushing Moonstone Coconut Lemongrass sake. They sell it $7.50 for a half bottle. It tastes mostly like coconut milk + nigori sake. The lemongrass, I caught more aromatically and at the end of the taste. It was really good. Komol is located in the Commercial Center, sparsely populated with small businesses, including an Asian (Korean) market. I go there for some dessert mochi.* off the strip, non-casino
4	Komol is one of my favorite little mom 'n pop restaurants in Vegas! Though I live in Henderson, I'm occasionally compelled to travel halfway across the valley and get my fix of  their Tofu Chili & Mint. It's the best you'll find anywhere... and good with gluten instead too.The atmosphere is a very relaxed, hole-in-the-wall kind of vibe and the servers are very helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. As for the decor, it's your typical low-budget restaurant feel: pink booths, artificial flowers and Thai tchotchies everywhere. Charming and comfortable but not fancy by any stretch of the imagination.There's an extensive vegetarian menu, and I've been told that their veggie dishes are all cooked separately from the meaty ones (separate oils for the fried items etc.). Everything I've had here has been delicious, but I especially liked the tofu skewers w/peanut sauce and the panang curry.Give Komol a try. You won't be disappointed.
3	The food here is always great--the service and location aren't.  If you've ever been to commercial center, you know what I mean.  Homeless folks asking for change, ladies selling their "goods", shady figures under awnings of defunct businesses, and the Green Door looming at everything from its distant side of the area.  I'd love to add the sweet transsexuals (please tell me you get the reference?) outside Ramrod to the list, but it's gone!Never you fear, once you brave the environment and make it to sometimes hard-to-spot entrance of Komol, you're safe.  The decor is wonderfully cheesy, but I really think that adds to the experience.  The menu is huge, but don't be intimidated!  Carnivores, please refer to the first half.  Veggheads, the second half is all for you.  My favorite dishes are the Indian yellow curry, extra thick, both with chicken or tofu, the shrimp pad thai, orange gluten (so wonderfully deep fried and covered in highly sugared sauce!), vegetable chow mien, brown rice, and the fried bean curd appetizer.  My guy likes the green chicken curry.  I also love the iced thai teas they serve there with coconut milk.The service is very slow, though.  You're seated, ten minutes later your order is taken, thirty minutes later you receive your appetizer, ten minutes later the main dish comes out, and you might get one refill on the glass.Probably the best thing about this place is the option to tell them how spicy you like it.  I always ask for my curries to be medium-hot, while the guy likes his super mild.  Very rarely are we displeased with the spicedatude of our food.  Caution: medium-hot at Komol does not correlate with spicedatude of Ortega or Pace salsas.  The guy has cried after tasting my curry.  Spicedatude definitions are also prone to change with the chef.  His mild may bring steam to your ears.
4	A friend and I were directed here after the place we wanted to go to was still undergoing renovations. It took awhile to get us to our seats, but that was part of the charm. I think we may have only been the non-locals in the joint (a good sign). I twisted my friend's arm to get the Tom Kha Gai soup. Although it was very oily, it was delicious. Very spicy, but oh so tasty. She twisted my arm to get the fried (!!) spinach. It, too was great.  For our shared entree, we got Papaya Pad Thai. Unfortunately, it was not very good at all.I think there was only waitress for the whole place and the owner (??) came and helped as well. We were in no hurry and took a very long time with our dinner, so the service that would be considered bad by some, was just perfect for us. I'd go back if I'm off the strip again. But I wouldn't go if I were in a hurry and I wouldn't order the Pad Thai. I'd risk getting the Tom Kha again, though!
4	I found this place in the yellow pages and my interest was piqued at their vegetarian food advertisement.  We found it easily enough but I seriously questioned even going in after parking in front of the place.  It didn't even look open.  But we took a chance and I am really glad we did.Inside the decor is basic but welcoming.  But I guess almost anything would seem welcoming compared to how the outside looks.  They have a great number of vegetarian options which is exciting for me as being vegetarian in Las Vegas is not all that fun.We started with the vegetarian sampler for an appetizer which included lots of fried things like spinach and sweet potato.  It was good.  For an entree I got the basic vegetarian delight, but it was the best I've ever had.  The sauce was light and garlicky and the vegetables were plentiful and fresh.  The boy got some sort of veggie curry which he said was just on the border of being too hot for him, even though he likes spicy food and asked the waitress for medium heat.  Regardless, we were both very impressed and will definitely go back on our next trip. One thing, the food did take a little while to get to us.  But in their defense, they do print right on the menu that vegetarian dishes are prepared specially and may take extra time.  It was definitely worth the wait, but if you're in a hurry i don't know that this would be the best option for a meal.
5	Back in August, in the peak of summer heat, a local showed me this place because he knows Im a vegetarian (a hard thing to be in Vegas!). I was very suspicious of his recommendation because most Thai places are not strictly vegetarian and can get pretty slippery when it comes to the fish oil. I was very pleasantly surprised by the integrity of their veggie options... they didnt smell fishy in the least.In fact, their intentions were so clean that when I asked for "hot" on the "low/medium/hot" scale, the waitress refused! I said, "come on, i want it hot, baby!" said: "you cant handle "the hot", im sorry darling"... and the more she denied me her spicy goodness, the more I wanted it. finally she gave it up when I said, "lacking any chest hair, i've disgraced my indian ancestors, now gimme those chilies to get my testosterone flowin' sweetheart!" she winked at me, and sent in the order.and lemme tell ya, the "hot" was frickin' amazing... made us sweat bullets, and nothing beats the Vegas summer than a blazing hot bowl of green curry. unfortunately my friend (the local), completely forgetting how tortuously hot the curry was,  gave the left overs to a homeless guy sitting on the street under the 110 degree heat. poor dude didnt even have a bottle of water handy either!
5	Food tastes just like directly from Thailand!, Not expensive & Good service :)
5	Komol is a treasure of the real thing. When I lived in Vegas, this was a favorite of mine and my best friend, who agreed that this is the best Thai food in Vegas. Bad art, bad decor, Commercial Center... those would not be things that would draw me into a place. The service is impeccable and the food is awesome. My friend lived in Thailand during all of her high school years so if she says it's the real thing, then it's the real thing. I had the papaya salad which was truly excellent. When he asked me for my "spicy" level, I said medium. Both he and my friend looked at me like I had lobsters crawling out of my ears (sound familiar), and he responded with oh no, give me a number from 1-10. So, I asked for a 3. Well, it wasn't quite spicy enough for me so I added a little of my own. I have noticed in Thai restaurants, that most of them think we can't handle the level of heat they can. Well that may be true because it can be too hot for me but I think I could have handled at least a 5. No worries because the papaya salad was excellent. If you can get past the bad art, the bad decor, and bad everything else here (that does not include the food or the service), then I highly recommend you try this place. You won't regret it.
5	this place totally rocks! i was looking for a nice sit down restaurant in vegas that would offer food other than the typical vegas buffet fare - and did it ever live upto its expectations. While from the outside, it looks like a hole in the wall, once you go in you'll see its quite nicely decorated. Other than the teak engraved menus, the food is the main star of this place and rightly so!we had the tom yum mushroom soup, pa kang vegetables and red curry chicken. all were equally delish but highest points go to the soup! Best thai I've ever had!! we were in Vegas for 3 days, and needless to say, we squeezed in 3 trips!Great service, ambience and food..and did I mention its super cheap? amazing....the only downside its kinda hard to find ...its in a strip mall with tons of korean food/karaoke/bars around but you'll enventually spot it. Skip the fancy food on the strip and go to this joint..you'll love it.
3	The ground pork omelette, chicken glass noodle, and garlic pork was just ok. What was pretty good was the pad thai, and the tom yum kai. Now what was really good was the Papaya salad. I would go back only for that tho. The place was in the middle of nowhere. It was so quiet there that we felt like the only customers in there.
4	Got a #10 spicy green papaya salad here and SHE-YI-IT!!! It was the hottest thai dish I have ever had. Just loaded with fresh green and red Thai peppers. Ate the entire thing! And felt it burning holes in my stomach lining for the next 6 hours. So good!Lots of veg items and lots of locals eating here.
4	Went back for CES, and I dont know if i over ate or there was some extra MSG, but i got an immediate stomach ache after the meal. The food tasted excellent however.. so im sticking with 4 stars and a warning to pace yourself, yelpers!
5	Like other reviewers have pointed out--Kamol is a true treasure in Las Vegas. It is maybe not located in the best part of town, but I think it adds to its charm and authenticity. I loved the humongous variety of foods on the menu and the quick and efficient service.  I even liked the often cheesy decor. I thought that this place worked as a whole--atmosphere, location, service and food. Everything was as good as it gets.I am very glad that my friend BizBeth recommended this place to me and took me here for lunch--I thought that my search for a perfect Thai place in Vegas was ended by Pin Kaow, but I was proven wrong by this amazing "old Vegas" gem.I liked all the soups, dishes and even meats that I tried here, and servers were very happy to answer my questions and to serve with outmost courtesy. I LOVED all the vegetarian offerings! I LOVED the inexpensive pricing!I just hope that my next trip here is as good as my first!
5	A LOT better than the over-rated Lotus of Siam!!
4	totally off the strip, but worth the travelling.  I'd take a taxi out there and then call them about 20 min before you're done eating.  It's also on a bus line, but I'm not sure which one.The menu is HUGE and 1/2 of it is vegan (and really great).  A fun place to bring a large group.
5	I love Komol! It is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. The vegetarian selection is one of the largest in the city, and they have a wide variety of mock foods, such as mock duck, fish, pork, chicken, and beef. Having such a large selection of menu items to choose from means a lot to me, and the fact that they are extremely tasty and well-prepared dishes means that this restaurant has earned itself a loyal customer for life.Overall, the food is delicious and I love the atmosphere. They've been in the process of over-hauling the decor, so it looks better and better every time I go there. I enjoy taking friends and family to Komol, because I know we'll get a great vegetarian meal and friendly service each time.
5	Lotus of Siam: Best Thai restaurant in N. America?  Well, I haven't tried it, but I would be surprised if it's the best Thai restaurant in their strip mall.I eat meat.  My girlfriend does not.  Our friend is vegan.  On our way home from Vegas, we had to try Komol.  Upon entering, we noticed the calm and soothing decor.  This is not your standard ethnic, veg-friendly hole-in-the-wall.  After we were seated, we got the 411 from the server.  Now, we have been to Thailand.  It's a great country with friendly people.  If you go, be forewarned that fish sauce comes in everything.  Some places are more accommodating than others.  Armed with this knowledge, we asked the server about the ingredients in the Thai food.  He assured us that the vegetarian food contained no fish or oyster sauce, most of it was vegan, and they even used separate cooking oil and grills for the meat dishes.  The iced coffee contains milled white sugar, which some vegans eschew.The iced coffee was sweet and very good.  We got lunch specials that included crunchy, tasty spring rolls that came with hot mustard and sweet and sour sauces.  We got vegetable soup that we all enjoyed.  You can request how spicy your entree is, and I like it hot and kicking, so I got the Hot and Spicy Vegetables with red curry.  Thanks to some chili peppers, it was hot and kicking, all right!  My girlfriend got Vegetarian Panang and asked for mock chicken with it.  I'm glad she did because it was delicious.  It was probably hotter than the level of moderate spiciness that she requested.As usual, we were too full for dessert.  We left very satisfied.  If you don't like this place, you don't like Thai cuisine.  I don't think I've had a better meal in Vegas.
5	One of the best Chicken Fried Rice i have found this side of the Pacific!  We have been coming to Komol for a long time.  The decor never changed (or that i recognize being different) and everything stays the same.  Fortunately the food is also consistently good through the years.This is a must-stop whenever I'm in Vegas.  The only problem is that it is a pretty popular place and it could get busy so the food may take a while to get served.  Otherwise, no complain and highly recommend!
5	This place is in my humble opinion some of the best and most consistent Thai food in las vegas. I am primarily a vegetarian.. most of the time anyway and this place offers a great selection of high quality meat substitutes. And oh man, once i ordered the panang with mock duck and they accidentally gave me real duck, HOLY CRAP it was the most amazing thing LOL. I understand that most people who order vegetarian style would be upset by this but I have to say it was a aw some accident.The interior is kind of whatever but nicer than most thai places. but the people who work here offer great service.
4	My friend and I ended up here for lunch because the wait at Lotus of Siam was ridiculously long.  I walked into this humble looking place feeling a bit bitter that I had to settle for this joint. Then, the waiter brought out our menus whose front and back cover was made of actual wood. Never seen that before. And like other Thai restaurants, Komol provided a lunch menu. I ordered the chicken panang off the lunch menu, which came with soup and egg roll. Then I told my waiter to give me a level 5 heat rating.While the soup didn't really impress me, I thought, overall...not bad. The chicken panang was awesome and was perfectly balanced by the steamed rice. The heat rating was also right on point. Bravo!Would I chose Komol over Lotus any day? Not really, but this place is also really good, in an of itself. But I must admit, it was nice to get away from the popularity and hubbub of Lotus and enjoy a good meal.
4	Literally, one of the most memorable dishes in my life : Vegetarian yellow curry, extra spicy. Not an authentic Thai dish but an authentic heavenly dish.Steer your way through the open parking lots and enjoy one of these orders for each person dining - you won't want to share.
3	WAY OVERRATED. What the heck with these who rated 5 stars?  Their green curry used to be much better - it taste like flavored water now. Pad Thai Noodle is OK, but it's pretty closed to what you eat at a food court in your local shopping mall. Price is OK. Service is OK. But they don't deserve 5 stars, dude.
4	5 stars for Vegas; 4 stars elsewhere - it's a hard town for vegetarians.  Cashew tofu and pad see euw with soy chicken - yum!
4	We visited while in town for CES. We liked it. The Chinese broccoli with garlic was delicious: crisp tender, marked wok hei, covered with gobs of minced garlic. My dining partner, who usually orders only green curry, devoured the panang curry. The only minor disappointment was that the gluten was not to my taste. I would describe it as faux Italian sausage meatball. I appreciate that Komol is so accommodating to vegetarians, I just wouldn't order the gluten again.The service was friendly. Everything arrived in a timely manner. They called us a taxi, which arrived quickly.
4	Great little thai place; beware it's in a shady strip mall. Zagat rated, aol recognized, and yelp reviewed. Food is great, prices are cheap although not dirt cheap. I had the Tom young soup which was great, the panang chicken curry and the house chicken noodles. Warning to those who like spicy papaya salad, you won't be underspiced.I would recommend this little dive place, it will hit the spot but not empty your wallet!
1	I didn't eat here. The rating is because of the rudeness of the staff. I guess they figure if they're busy that night they don't need to be polite to other potential customers. Just average politeness would be appreciated.
5	The thing about Komol is that they cater to Vegans and Vegetarians alike (myself included) and the food is actually good! The service is pretty good as the people are friendly and frequently check up on your drinks to refill them. My fav. here is the Pineapple Fried Rice and the Tofu Satay.  I love the spicy-ness of the Fried Rice and if you love spicy, say '10' to let them know how hot you want it... it's spicy but not too over the top. The peanut sauce for the satay is killer and I make sure to always get that when I come in.  Plus, the food is cheap and this place, although it SHOULD be crowded, is more of a quaint, tranquil atmosphere on most occasions; a characteristic I definitely enjoy.  I've also had the combination vegetable appetizer on many occasions and I enjoy that as well.
4	Vegas is not the best place for a delicious Vegan meal but I make sure to stop at Komol for their delicious Vegan Panang dish every time i'm in town. Komol is in a sketchy looking shopping center off the beaten path but don't be scurred, the place is clean, the wait staff is super friendly, and the food is fantastic. A must stop next time you're in Vegas gambling your hard earned cash!
2	Its just O-K. I had a very bad experience with the customer service the first time and left before my food arrived but gave it another shot a few weeks later.This time, the service was very good: prompt seating and drinks. The thai ice tea is the best in town! They have the set dinner menu options: I had the vegetarian option #2 which includes a spring roll (yummy), a thai mushroom soup (delicious) and pad thai. The pad thai is decent but have had MUCH MUCH BETTER! overall, experience was ok but there is better Thai food out there. Be careful because there "spicy" is VERY VERY SPICY!
5	This place is definitely as good as it gets. Been all over Vegas and this is the best by far. The orange chicken is a must have. Pad Thai is the bomb. For all you garlic lovers you must order the garlic fried rice. Chicken chili mints is the tastiest I ever had. Everything is good there, to much food to mention. The menu is huge and a great place for vegetarians. The service is great to. They make sure you are happy and satisfied with everything. It is a must have for anyone in Vegas. Try it out!
4	I'm pretty happy that a place exists where carnivores like me get to share the table with vegan or vegetarian friends and EVERYONE enjoys their meals.Tom Yum soup was very tasty! Ordered the soup "medium" on the spicy level but it was pretty hot for me. Still amazing, ate the whole bowl. Fresh vegetables, and it seems like the longer it sits the spicier it gets.We also ordered a combination chow fun dish with chinese broccoli. I was pretty happy with this dish, especially because it's something I have had a Chinese take out version of that was always sort of greasy. This was not the case at Komol. The broccoli was very green and fresh, the noodles were well cooked and not overly saucy. The other half of the table ordered the chicken curry, and vegan pad thai to rave reviews. Definitely worth a visit if you are looking for a good thai spot, especially one with a very pretty interior and excellent service.It is an absolute MUST if you are vegan/vegetarian. Don't miss this one!
5	This restaurant is absolutely the best place for Thai food in Las Vegas period! I live in Vegas so I know. The Chicken Panang ordered spicy is sooo good, my gf loves it. I have never tasted shrimp fried rice this delicious, the Chicken Chili Mint, Pa Se Ew, and Pat-tie are excellent as well. For desert the Mango Sticky rice is perfect. I have taken my friends there so often now, that we've become regulars and all of them loved it too. The environment is nice and quite, the service is fast friendly and with a REAL smile. Everyone who loves Thai food needs to stop by and experience bliss.
4	This is a great place. Since being introduced to it years ago, I always went here for it's sheer choice of vegetarian items on the menu. Spice and such are great on all dishes. I tend to eat things on the 10/10 spice scale, but they'll cook it to whatever level you want. Besides, the tray of crushed peppers is always available on request. The other good thing is they never seem to be too busy - it's neighbor, Lotus of Siam, gets all the fame and crowds - but Komol serves food with as much complexity and flavour for less bucks. Sure, the environment is all bland 1970's booth furniture....(unless they updated it recently)...but you get good food. All the standard dishes are prepared well - green papaya salad, tod mun, pad thai, green/red curry, etc - but they tend to be a bit greasy. Since defecting to Lotus of Siam, I have to give this (barely) one star less in my book, but great Thai food nonetheless!
4	Yummy!  I came here with Blair B., her hubby Mike, and Eric R. for a delicious dinner!  We had a $25 off $35 restaurant.com coupon and ordered 4 dishes to our delight.  The other 3 had beers and are non-spicy eaters.  I had Thai tea and asked for the spicy goodness on the side since we ordered all dishes a "1 of 10"We ordered: Beef Massaman Curry (rich, stewy and somewhat sweet sauce, tender beef, potatoes and peanuts with steamed rice) - melt in your mouth, very flavorfulPineapple Fried Rice with shrimp - tasty, garnished with cucumbersChicken Pad See Euw - with Chinese broccoli (we were offered American but turned it down) - very tasty (and good with the hot pepper powder!)Angel Duck - duck with black mushrooms, broccoli, green onions, baby corn, zucchiniThis was a smorgasbord of varied flavors and dishes....curry, rice, noodles, and duck/veggies.  My faves were the curry and the noodles.  I have a feeling my leftover pineapple rice will be amazing as a second-day dish.  The table polished off the noodles and duck fast!Service was mostly attentive - we had 2 alternating waiters so when I asked one for something and he didn't come, I asked the other, but he didn't come back, so we asked again...but the original waiter refilled water glasses regularly just in time (Eric R. is a thirsty guy and the glasses were small), and the food definitely came out hot and as the dishes were ready.For vegetarians/vegans, Komol has a completely separate menu for you and it is huge.  I highly recommend this place (this was my second visit and the first was just as good) and I prefer it over Lotus or Pin Kaow, and most other Thai restaurants in town have been below expectations.
5	I love this place.  I live in the neighborhood, and I go here several times a month.  Amazing selection of vegan dishes (which they prepare in separate pans from the meat food).  The servers are very nice and accommodating, and they will even adapt non-vegan menu items, such as making Thai iced coffee/tea with coconut milk or making the nam sod with tofu instead of pork.  The herbal salad, tofu nam sod, pad kee mao, panang curry, and tom kha soup are probably my favorite dishes. They even have vegan coconut ice cream!Good lunch special (M-F) with salad or soup (go for the salad - both the peanut and ginger dressings are great), an eggroll, and a good-sized entree for ~$8.They tend to make things pretty hot here, so order accordingly. @shanti - they recently did some remodeling and now the bathrooms (which admittedly, were pretty awful) are now quite nice.
4	Shoutout to Lisa L and Eric R for dragging my husband and I to this place (and bringing a killer coupon no less). I had always been scared of this place due to all the vegetarian verbage that gets thrown around. Luckily their meat dishes are outstanding as well! Lisa L's description of the food was spot on. Everthing was quite tasty. Service was pretty spotty, but no major complaints there. Beer was reasonable and varied ($4 for chinese/thai imports, $3.50 for American beers) and overall the dinner was an insane value. With the coupon we spent $12.50 each for our 4 course meal + dessert + drinks. Without the coupon we still would have spent a meager $18.50 (with tax and tip!) each for that feast. Killer. Now for a little comparison amongst Komol and LOS for the die hard foodies who can't decide which to go to (Pin Kao doesn't come close to measuring up to either one!). Got Vegan/Veggie people with you? Definitely Komol, no questionValue oriented? KomolLooking to eat the basics (ie curry, pad see ew, etc): KomolSo why should anyone ever go to LOS? LOS is really for a more sophisticated palate. The food is infinitely more interesting ! The drunken seabass noodles (not found at Komol) and the soft shell prawns (not found at Komol) are my two favorites. Komol was great, but comparing LOS and Komol is kind of ridiculous. It's like comparing Mon Ami Gabi to Joel Robuchon. Both are French, but the food is just so completely different. Honestly it just depends if you're looking to try Thai like you've never had it, or are you looking for the basics done well at a great price. Komol serves the later.
5	One of the top 5 reasons for me staying in Vegas has to be Komol. Komol has been around for 20 years (or more) and it's nestled in the seedy underbelly (Commercial Center) of Las Vegas. Let's be honest, the location is pretty bad. BUT...I will brave through broken glass, shady people and general creepiness to eat here! I salivate at the thought of their food. They have an amazing menu and it's so vegetarian friendly. When you order vegetarian there's no reason to even tell them to omit fish sauce. It's understood! Our favorite meals start with the Papaya Salad (crisp, tangy, sweet, cool then hot...yummm) and the fried corn (corn patties fried with some kind of amazing batter and served with a cucumber/onion sweet chilli salad). The tom kha soup here is killer and I have relatives from California who drive here JUST for that! As for entrees we love the Panang Curry, Pad Kee Mao with Soy Duck (this faux meat is awesome and does not taste like cardboard), Basil Tofu, Ginger Tofu, Indian Curry, Pad See Ew, Pineapple Fried Rice...oh I could go on and on and on. They even serve amazing desert! A homemade coconut ice cream with tender bits of jack fruit nestled into each spoonful or fried bananas/sweet potatoes (the batter is sesame based and tastes amazing esp with mentioned ice cream). I've been to Thailand multiple times and have eaten at a plethora of Thai restaurants and I will hands down say Komol has the best food I've ever had. The prices are very very reasonable and they are accommodating to groups of all sizes.Also, kudos to Dutch and the other waiters/waitresses here. They are so friendly (note that all of them are Thai). I can't stop gushing about this restaurant and urge everyone in Vegas to try it. It's truly a diamond in the rough (Commercial Center). I think I may need to hit Komol up for dinner tonight.
4	Excellent food and decent prices.  Came to the Commercial Center to eat the famous Lotus of Siam next door, but it was closed.  Many friends have commented to me that Komol is much better anyways.I got the garlic pork and we split some drunken noodles.  Also got the loaded won ton soup, which was basically a meal itself.  I would definately eat here again when back in Vegas.
5	I really like this place, it feels so home made.  The ambiance is my favorite, it is a bit dated but I'd pick it over a big chain fancy place.  The food is yummy, and the menu is huge which is usually intimidating for me, but sometimes it's nice to have options.  A friend turned me on the Herbal Salad which is in the Vegetarian portion of the menu, I like it really spicy,  and also if you're feeling naughty I'd suggest the Vegetarian appetizer combo, everything seems better fried.  The portions are generous and great for sharing, I always end up with some tasty to-go food. The service is great, and you can tell it's family run because of the pride that they have in their service.  The only apparent drawback is the location but it is also kind of a plus in my opinion.
5	Komol is really, really good.  It's one of the two best Thai restaurants I've ever been to (the other is located about 200 feet from Komol).  The dishes we ordered were all fantastic:  tom yum, pad see ew, and duck curry.  They also have a wide range of vegetarian dishes, if that's a concern.If I could give them 6 stars for service, I would.  My friend and I were eating lunch there, and the woman serving us was really sweet.  Clearly good-natured and friendly.  She also gave us free thai iced teas, since they weren't ready right when we ordered them.The two of us realized we both liked the music that they were playing, so we asked her what it was.  It was a mix, so we asked for any artists, song titles, etc.  She didn't have that info available, so she asked for one of our addresses, and she actually MAILED MY FRIEND A CD.  Stuff like that is just above and beyond, and really makes me want to keep coming back here.
5	don't even waste your time at lotus of Siam. go across the parking lot to komol. better, more authentic Thai food. LOVE the papaya pad Thai....and everything else there :-)
4	Komol is my new favorite Thai restaurant. Unfortunately, it is overshadowed by it's commercial center neighbor, Lotus of Siam, which is a shame. Not only do they have tons of vegetarian and gluten-free options, but the food is unique, addictive, and reasonably priced. Many dinner entrees are under $10, though I've been going earlier in the day when I sometimes take advantage of the $6.95 lunch specials.My favorite dish is the Herbal Salad ($9.95), a massive mound of chopped lemongrass, tofu, green and red onions, cashews, apples, carrots and coconut mixed with hot pepper and lime juice (strangely enough, the only herb in it is basil). It's a dish I've never seen elsewhere and it is executed perfectly. It's texturally complex, a little sweet, a lot healthy, and has a heck of a kick. These happen to be the attributes I look most for in a dish, so I rank this as one of the top salads in Vegas.The Penang curry, which I've had with both plump shrimp ($8.95) and just vegetables ($7.95), is coco-nutty, filling, and AWESOME, but if you come here without getting the curry peanut sauce ($2.50) you've done yourself an incredible injustice. You can eat this on a salad with the lunch specials, or order it as the perfect accoutrement to the ultra healthy and ultra herbacious spring rolls ($4.50). Unfortunately, my husband's favorite Thai dish, larb, wasn't done as well as at our other favorite Thai places in town, but I felt redeemed by the home-made non-dairy coconut ice cream (should labeled as sorbet). This was an interesting concoction that I couldn't get enough of, but then again I like weird stuff.I can't vouch for every dish on the extensive menu, but I would feel comfortable venturing from my recommendations on your second visit.P.S. This is an authentic Thai place so if you think you're a lover of level 10 heat, go for 6 or 7 instead.
3	Wife wanted to try this place, it has many good reviews and we eat Thai fairly often!!  Overall good food, at a good price.  One thing I really enjoy while eating Thai food is sticky rice!!  And when I tried to order some, they said they were out????  I nearly LOL, because I guess I just couldn't imagine a restaurant saying they don't have something that is super common, not available?  Either way, I got over it and ate with "regular rice" which was fine....I had the panang chicken curry which was good, i usually get yellow chicken curry but my wife pushed me outside the box, and I tried the red.  I would go back here, service was good, although we ate around 5pm on a weeknight and we were the only ones there.
3	I asked, and the Yelp community responded (http://www.yelp.com/topic/las-vegas-best-thai-food-in-vegas).  Komol was recommended to me by numerous Yelpers as one of the better Thai restaurants in Vegas. I must be in the minority then when I say that this is indeed a good restaurant, but I've had better Thai in Vegas.  The interior is quite nice, and I loved the plates and bowls they use.  The dish I ordered came in interesting, sort of flowered shape dish.  Everything was clean, and the atmosphere was nice in an "old Thai" sort of way.  The service was great, and the prices were about average for a good Thai restaurant.  I ordered the Thai tea, and the seafood lad na.  The Thai tea was average, perhaps a bit too creamy and not enough flavor.  The seafood lad na (rad na) was a decent meal.  I was quite impressed with the abundance of seafood that nearly toppled over my dish as I mixed in my preferred amount of chili pepper.  There were scallops, mussels, shrimp, and squid.  The Chinese broccoli was very fresh and tasty, mostly with broccoli stems and a couple pieces of leaf.  The seafood really made this dish good though because the noodles and the gravy sauce were just a little disappointing to me.  The noodles weren't as flavorful as the best rad na noodles that I've had.  They also weren't thick, but instead wide and flat.  The gravy sauce was nothing special in particular.  That considered, I see why the seafood was really the focus of the dish.  I probably wouldn't have enjoyed it as much if I had a plain pork or chicken lad na.I think that I will have to try a few more items at Komol to get a better feel for this place.  I'll have to go back to the reviews and that Thai thread and find some of the recommended dishes.  The lad na, unless you love seafood, really isn't all that special of a dish here.  The mediocrity lies in the gravy sauce though, not the quality of the ingredients or the overall dish, so I think there could be some dishes that might wow me.  I'll have to try the curry next time!
4	BEST mango sticky rice dessert!  Rice was cooked perfectly with perfect amount of not too sweet coconut milk.  Mango was ripe and delicious, and the toasted yellow beans on the rice made it perfect!  Chicken panang curry was alright, veggie meal #3 which came with a spring roll, tom yum (hot and sour) soup with mushrooms, and fried tofu pad thai was good.  The best part was dessert, I wanted to order another one but I was so full and husband talked me out of it.  :(
4	Today, Komol made my favorites list.  I went with a few coworkers, and we ordered a nice range of dishes.  We had the Tom Kha Kai, Panang with beef, Pad See Ew, and mint chicken.  All around, this was an excellent meal, with surprisingly high quality and fresh ingredients!  The freshness of the ingredients is one of my favorite things about this place.The Tom Kha Kai was excellent.  It was perfectly thick and flavorful.  It didn't have the lime taste that most Tom Kha Kai's have, but only a hint of it.  This was ok though because the quality of the soup was fabulous!  The Pad See Ew was probably my least favorite of the dishes.  I have had better versions of this at a couple of other Thai restaurants.  Still, the freshness of the Chinese broccoli was amazing!  Just like my first visit, they give you big chunks of broccoli, fresh and crisp like it was bought the same day.  The noodles could have been a little bit better; there wasn't an impressive flavor to them, but enough to make it an appetizing dish.I really loved the Panang Curry with beef, combined with the mint chicken over very nice, fluffy white rice.  This was recommended by the young man who served us, and he was spot on!  The curry was thick, which is a style I tend not to like because a lot of places make it too sweet.  This curry was awesome though, not sweet and full of interesting flavors.  The beef was excellently prepared, perhaps even a stewed beef.  With a little bit of this curry over rice and some of the mint chicken, I was thoroughly impressed.  What really makes Komol such a great restaurant isn't their unique recipes, but their unique ability to use high quality ingredients.  I am giving them 4 stars now for this, and moving Komol to my Best Thai in Vegas List!  I would take this place over the other Thai restaurant that sits in the same shopping center any day!  Things that could improve: the Thai Iced Tea, better filtered water, and the green curry is a little bland.
5	I've been coming to Komol for many many years, they have my favorite mushroom tom yum in town. Last night, i started with mango and sticky rice, one of my favorite things in the world and an easy way to be on my good side. Then, tofu satay -- with a yummy peanut sauce and the only time i ever eat white toast. Finally, the veg and tofu yellow curry at a 3 for spice. potatoes were magical, tofu was tofu, all in a velvety smooth and balanced sauce-- curry at it's finest. My meal was a great, damn near perfect composition of flavors. The cucumber salad that came with my tofu satay was a little bit too sweet, but thats being really picky, it was still very good.  tofu satay.  yellow curry. (any of them really)  mango and sticky rice. take some home with you. bring me some too.
5	six stars for staying open late to feed me when i am sick.  thank you so much!did i tell you that the mushroom tom yum is my favorite? its the reason why i fell in love with this place. the vegetarian green curry would save your soul over the gates of hell.  its an angel with zucchini and eggplant wings. my new favorite curry.also tried the garlic fried rice. if you like garlic, tofu, and rice, this is a A+ winner. lots of yummy caramelized garlic, tofu and rice. the only complaint i have is that it had a lot of oil at the bottom of the plate.  This is why its delicious but next time i will ask that they use less oil. if you dont like garlic or tofu, you wont like this at all. i've been eating here all week and i also had the tum yum noodle soup, which is different than the tom yum, it has rice noodles and a sweet and sour broth.  i had this with soy fish. if you are vegetarian and crave some type of seafood sub, this dish is a happy option.  i couldnt decide if i liked the broth or not, i guess i did but im not sure, i changed my mind about the broth with every other sip, i still finished the entire bowl while saying mmm out loud. i love this place and i give it 5+++ stars.  you wont find a place on the strip that feels more at home like komol's does for me. i dare you to try my favorites and then tell me its not good!
4	A friend gave me a business card and a recommendation for this place. I carried that card with me for the last 4 years with the intention of eating there.I finally got around to trying Komol this year. It was a little hard to find and I was initially put off by the strange strip mall setting. My son was reluctant to even enter the restaurant which has no windows. But, just as we were walking toward the front door, a couple was leaving with a huge bag of take out food. I asked them how the food was. When they couldn't say enough good things about the food and the restaurant, we were suddenly curious.The inside of the restaurant looks nothing like the outside. It is clean, nicely lit and a comfortable place to eat hot food. While we were waiting for our food, a  tour bus pulled up outside and deposited a big group of Asian tourists who filled the restaurant up. I took this as a good sign. The service was very fast and friendly. And the Pad Thai, which I use as a barometer of any Thai restaurant was excellent as was the Lad Na dish with chicken.
5	Fresh, delicious food.  Friendly service. Reasonable prices.  Nice decor - seemed like a pleasant oasis.
5	Komol is one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  The food is excellent, spicy, can be vegan or vegetarian, and comes in large portions for not too much $$! The servers are nice and will help with any questions you may have while reading the very extensive menu.  PS the Nam Sad with Crispy Rice is very Delicious!
5	Yum. Thank you yelpers. I was so excited about trying this place, but was worried that my expectations would be too high after hearing all then praise. Luckily, this place is not overrated! Papaya Pad Thai, a delightful spin on traditional noodle dish. I don't think I ever want it any other way. The Tom Yum soup was so wonderful. These were my two favorite dishes. I've had better Duck Curry, but it was a solid dish nonetheless. Same for the Deep Fried Catfish with Green Chilies.I'll definitely be a regular here! =)
4	It's been a few years since our last visit (I've actually been going here for many years prior). My interest peaked when I noticed that this restaurant was participating in the Restaurant.com certificate program. Also a participant in the 2010 Entertainment Book. Located in the Commercial Center, in between a Mexican restaurant and a Japanese restaurant. The interior looked different than what I remember. I like the semi-private alcoves (booths- ok a little weird, because my feet were off the floor and if I were a bigger person, might be a little uncomfortable; the table was very close to the booth- just saying. My husband's feet were almost off the floor) with the pretty artificial floral arrangements. We were seated in one corner of the room. There was a banana plant situated in the middle of the floral arrangement- my husband said it was funny and when I looked at it, I noticed there was a sign "Please don't touch." Aside from that, much better ambiance here, as compared to other Thai restaurants. The menus are wooden which make it really heavy- you could knock someone upside the head and knock him/her out- seriously. Pretty large menu- including vegetarian selections, family dinners (highest being $31.95 for two people with several courses), and lunch specials (only mon-fri). Drinks were soda, hot tea, thai iced tea, and perrier. There were two other parties besides us. I don't know if this was typical of a sunday afternoon for lunch. The host and server were very nice. The server's uncle is the owner of the restaurant. He shared with us that this restaurant was the second Thai restaurant to open in Las Vegas. We ordered the spring rolls (one order is comprised of two), chicken curry dish with potatoes (with steamed rice) and combination (pork, chicken, beef, and shrimp) thai style fried rice. The spring rolls were crispy and came with two sauces. The chicken curry dish was fragrant (mmm) and was served in a large blue and white bowl; came with a bowl of white rice. The chicken was fall-off-the-bone tender- excellent. It was a good size but there could have been more potatoes. My husband loves the sauce, but we had to get it mild because my husband's spice meter is pretty low (I like medium-hot). The thai style fried rice was huge. I like the fried egg, the cucumbers, and the tomatoes- really sets it apart from Chinese fried rice. Good flavor- sweeter than Chinese fried rice. We had leftovers. My husband said we found our replacement for the Mix Zone Cafe ( we all got sick on our last visit). The bill came to a little over $14 using the coupon from the Entertainment Book.
4	Second to Lotus of Siam... This is great food with great service. They are known for vegetarian dishes...
4	Hole in the wall Thai food place in a strip mall next to multi-racial, yet segregated, sex clubs. WIN.A deliciously large serving of chicken Pad See Yew. WIN.Scrumptious fried spring rolls to start us off. WIN.Vegan friendly. WIN.Remarkably well kept bathrooms that have waterfalls and smell like Asian flowers. WIN.Semi sort of fast (not really) service. Partial WIN. I mean...we got our food eventually (-1 star).Complete satiating of a mad Thai food craving. WIN.Eating Thai food three hours before our dinner reservation at Craft Steaks. FAIL.
5	Better than Lotus. I finally had the mango and sticky rice dessert here, and I'm in love. Good thai food in las Vegas is a dime a dozen, but Komol is worth the drive to the sketch Commercial Drive neighborhood. Great papaya pad thai, excellent catfish in red sauce, and great penang curry. I haven't had a bad meal here, and the variety of textures here ranges from crisp papaya to melt in your mouth coconut sauce. YUM.
4	I definitely wasn't expecting to eat such great authentic Thai food in Vegas since everytime I come here, I eat at the strip and asian food there is very americanized and overpriced.Komol restaurant is off the strip but not too far from the strip.  If you are willing to venture out or craving good thai food, definitely try out Komol.My favorite there was the Tom Ka soup along with the Tofu curry and the papaya salad.  I am usually not a huge fan of Pad Thai since many places make it a little too sweet, but the Pad Thai here was very peanutty and not too sweet!  Probably the best Pad Thai I ever had for my taste :DThe Tom Ka soup and the Tofu curry is pretty spicy but very ver delicious and they go very well with rice.  Papaya salad is perfect for cooling down your palette since the food here can get pretty spicy.Service wasn't the best, but wasn't too bad as well.  Prices are very reasonable :)  I will definitely come back here again!
4	Excellent customer service. All the servers were very attentive and prompt. They have authentic Thai drinks like green soda. The green curry had the right heat to it and the Pad Thai was perfectly flavored. The portions seemed smaller than other Thai restaurants, but the price was right. The best plus is that they serve vegan vegetarian dishes.
2	got take out. nothing to write home about. i guess everything is relative, but this food was less than mediocre... sorry.
3	I'd been here a couple of times for lunch previously, but never for dinner and never with my husband. Our $25 restaurant.com gift certificate seemed like the perfect excuse to drop in for a date night.Komol is fairly small. And there never seems to be more than a handful of tables occupied. It's a really nice little place with a good atmosphere.We started off with the stuffed chicken wings. They were good, but mostly they were just interesting. I'm not sure I would ever order them again, but I'm glad I tried them.We then shared the hot and spicy pork hock curry and beef chili mint. To be honest, neither were what we expected - though, that was certainly not a bad thing. I typically do not enjoy curry dishes, but this particular curry dish was incredibly delicious. The beef chili mint was also fantastic.When you order, you can choose on a scale of 1-10 of how spicy you want the dishes. My husband and I both opted for a 6. And while we both tend to find things others describe as "hot" to be merely "mild", the dishes were almost too spicy - but in that good way.We then finished it all off with a dessert of fried bananas with coconut ice cream.All in all, it was a delicious meal. To be honest, I think I actually prefer Komol to Lotus of Siam. And the service was excellent - up until it came time to pay the bill anyways.When we handed our server the restaurant.com gift certificate, he set it back on the table and said "we don't take these anymore". Uh, what? We purchased it. We purchased it for this restaurant. And it doesn't expire. But ok, fine. We asked a couple of questions about it as we were clearly taken by surprise, but didn't really get anywhere. I suppose I can understand, but - and maybe this is just me having lived in Vegas too long - what irked me the most was that there was nothing done about it. No "so sorry, we'll take care of those two beers" ($8). No "our apologies, your dessert is on us" ($4). For us, it really took away from the overall service. And it takes away a star from my rating.
4	Komol is a very good Thai restaurant in a not so good strip mall but dont let that detour you. I walked in and was greated and seated promptly. The decor of the restaurant is nice. Now for the food i ordered chicken satay which was very good and also got the Masaman Curry. He asked how hot i wanted my curry  and i told him not to hot so he said medium. When i got the curry the flavor was so good but unbearablely HOT! I really couldnt believe this was a medium, i have ordered HOT before from Thai restaurants and it wasent even half the spicyness of this. It was really hard to eat the whole dish because of the hotness. i highly suggest you get mild when ordereing if not it will take away the flavor from the dish
5	VEGAN PARADISE!  You can get anything on the menu veganized- and they have two or three pages on their menu completely dedicated to vegetarian/vegan options.  The food was so fresh and authentic.  Komol just beat out all my other favorite Thai restaurants in Vegas. (Like Archies) I can't wait to go back- try their vegetarian panang, it's phenomonal- all of their curries were great actually.  The spring rolls with soy chicken were fabulous and the carrot/daikon sauce that went with it was to die for.  The sticky rice, mango sorbet, and coconut ice cream scored a 10+ as well.  You have no idea how excited I get when I find a restaurant like this with such fresh, high quality food with so many options for Vegans. There sure aren't very many in Vegas.  Komol is top on my list now!  Don't let the location fool you!  :)
4	Love this place! First came here in 1996. It's vegan friendly and oh so good. Last night I had the amazing papaya salad and fresh spring rolls. The rolls were mintier than I've had before, but still delicious. I had dinner #3 which came with a tasty fried roll, coconut soup with mushrooms and a garlicky oil on top (forgot the Thai name) and pad thai. Delicious except that the pad thai was too spicy even though I requested mild. It's the first time I've ever had spicy pad thai. The service was fast and friendly. I will go back for one of their awesome lunch specials.
4	This was possibly the best Thai food I have eaten.  We had the grilled meatballs the only disappointment of the meal . Two skewers of six rubbery balls . We also had the stuffed chix wings which had a nice crispy batter not greasy,  served with s & s sauce .            For main course the pad thai w / shrimp was flavorful and most important not too sweet , my only complaint about this dish is they leave the tails on , in a dish that is intended to b eaten w/ utensils, if I wanted to get my fingers dirty I would have eaten peel n eat shrimp.        Beef panang was awesome very nice sauce not to thin and not broken , favorite dish of the nght for me       king prig something like that ,pork and green beans , very flavorful and nice presentation.    Chili mint chix. Ground chicken with a spicy mint seasoning. Little dry for me, good flavor though .      We had the honor of being the first customers to have for dessert the taro balls in coconut milk , I forgot the name of it but to me the taro balls had the consistentency of mochi ( Japanese rice cake) or a light gnocchi. It was served warm , I wanted to order another one but wife stopped me. I could eat a ton of this over vanilla ice cream or shaved ice.          We also had a taste of coconut ice cream, very good.             We ordered all the foods med spice, all I can say is this is the hottest med I ever had, I sweated buckets         I loved the servers because they spoke English better then me , really .        They could answer all of my questions and explain the menu to me and my wife. Usually if I can understand the waiters in an asian restaurant the food is bad.   The menu here is huge , I can't wait to go back and try it all.  I can't believe I waited this long to try it , what a dummy I am. Maybe the word vegetarian came up too many times in other reviews that it turned me off. ;)
4	Great food, excellent atmosphere. Weird shopping center, but once you've found it, you'll know. Great stuff!
4	I came here last night for dinner. It was tucked away in a hidden spot that I never would have known about if it wasn't for my boyfriend taking me. I'm glad he did though! We walked in around 6:30pm and got seated right away. Everyone was friendly and said hello. I looked over the menu while they brought us water and was delighted to see all the different choices they had. I already knew in my head what I was craving, my normal pad-see-ew, but had to look on to see whatelse they had to offer. so many veggie options that I think I need to return and sample some soon!I ordered a glass of the house red wine and that was only $5.95. Filled to the top and def helped to clear my head and calm my nerves. I ordered like I said the pad-see-ew and was pleased with my choice. instead of meat I got the veggie option and asked the waiter what other veggies they add in besides the broccoli that normally comes with it (in the meat and veggie way.) He said they didn't really add others, but he could for me if I wanted. I told him that was okay just to add more broccoli. (i love my greens!) My plate came out with chinese and american broccoli so I was pleased over that. The black bean soy sauce was made just right and the noodles very wobbley like i like em! My boyfriend and I shared the orange chicken with sticky white rice. It was the best orange chicken I have had. Each piece so crispy and full of flavor. My tastebuds were in heaven. The sticky white rice is just as it says. very sticky too. some of the best I have had as well. My boyfriend ordered his usual pad thai set at a spice number 5. medium. When it arrived I was surprised with how spicy it was. For a 5 it was making my nose run and my mouth wanted some milk and I'm a girl who can handle her hot sauces and chili peppers!I am excited to go back and try a new dish I have never ventured into in the world of thai. The service was lovely and the prices were great. For all 3 dishes, a glass of red house wine, and a thai tea I believe it came to 41 dollars. We sure didn't break the bank, but we did make out with leftovers for days!Thank you Dan T. for surprising me with this little (a little hidden) golden dinner date.
5	I love me some Archi's and I was reluctant to try Komol because I didn't want to cheat on good ol' Archi. Well, I'm glad I strayed (just for the evening). This place is fantastic! The spice levels are always right on the mark. I get up to a 6 or 7 usually, and it's got the right kick to it. The service is great and there are so many menu options it takes me quite a while to figure out what I'm going to order. My two favorite dishes so far are the Papaya Pad Thai and the Cat Fish in Red Curry Sauce. YUM!. I always have to get and then one extra dish to try something new each time.  I'm new to Thai, but it's quickly becoming my favorite!!! I'm officially a Thai Addict.
4	This was my first yelp-recommended restaurant in Vegas, and the crowd-sourcing didn't disappoint.  We found it on a mission for vegetarian- and carnivore-friendly Thai, and the 6+ page menu offered something for everyone.Have had a couple of entrees here that were really good (unfortunately I don't recall exactly what I've had each of the couple of times we've gone now).  The pad thai was fabulous comfort food.  I was told the tofu curry (with heat cranked up to "10") was awesome.My only complaint about them is that each time we've been there it has taken 30-40 minutes for the food to arrive.  I suppose it's a good sign really, implying that everything is being cooked freshly, but it can make for a really long wait with no food.
5	Definitely my favorite Thai food in town. I like to mix Tofu Panang on top of my Pad Ke Mau... tastes so good together! Their Tom Kha is also delicious. One of my favorite soups, especially when I'm sick.
4	Service was a bit slow but the food was fantastic! Staff was really nice and helpful. The lunch and dinner specials are great deals. They easily have the best Pad Thai I've ever had. I recommend the vegetable soup over the mushroom tom yum.It's tucked away a little bit in this large plaza, so be on the lookout for it.
4	We usually go to Lotus of Siam - in the same seedy center.  Don't let the outside fool you.  Both places offer great Thai food.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food at Komol.  Everything was great - we started with the coconut soup.  We also had the spring rolls.  Great appetizers.  Main courses we selected was a seafood curry dish and the basil, chicken fried rice.  Both dishes were really good.  When in Vegas - a place to go.
4	We ended up at Komol when we couldn't get into Lotus of Siam and it turned out to be a satisfactory alternative. Komol is a Thai restaurant in the same shopping center as lotus of Siam. It's highly regarded as one of the better vegetarian and vegan restaurants in Las Vegas, but we got meat dishes and generally they were quite good.We started with an egg roll or whatever they called it. It was deep fried but may not have contained egg. Nice and crispy on the outside and good flavor on the inside. Next up was the chicken coconut soup. This is always so different in so many restaurants. There was lots of spicy red powder floating at the top of this soup. They're pretty serious about the zing here at Komol. I can't really rank it among my chicken coconut soups. It might be near the top. I have to have it again.Then came the beef salad, which for me was the only disappointment of the night. While the beef was tasty, several pieces were really tough to chew. The tomatoes also seemed like the supermarket tomatoes that ripen on the truck on the way to delivery. The two entrees we split were both excellent. I ordered the mixed seafood in panang curry and it was all good. All the seafood seemed fresh and was not overcooked. The curry had great flavor and precision. Ted ordered the beef basil in a brown rice and it was also nicely done with a great mix of flavors. Corkage was $5 a bottle.
4	We came here because lotus of Siam was packed and couldnt get a sit. We went to Komol as a second option and we were glad we found this place !! The service was awesome, we had the beef panang and the mint chicken and both were great!!! The quantity was great for the price and I will definitely come back!
5	Sublime thai food, and consistent too.  Went with a large group that got over a dozen dishes and each one delivered, was not disappointed by anything.   Good beers and service too.WOOOOO VEGAS!!!!
2	We ended up coming here when we couldn't get a table at Lotus of Siam (which is infinitely better)I ordered the chili mint chicken, boyfriend ordered a soup, and my friend ordered pad thai.My chili mint chicken was okay, the soup severely lacked flavor, and the pad thai was just okay. The food was forgettable, at best. Service was slow and our server was impatient and rude.I see no reason to return.
3	In a large yet hidden plaza rests Komol, a quaint Thai eatery with great lunch specials.  The interior is cozy, and covered in very pretty purple fake flowers.  The paintings on the walls and other knick-knacks all show a lot of Thai pride, and are set up quite well as to not clutter your dining experience.I came in with a friend for lunch on a Monday for the lunch specials.  There are many options, and all come with an egg roll, and a soup or salad.  Go with the salad, since the peanut sauce is AMAZING.  Just the right amount of sugar and salt.  The vegetable soup was bland and forgettable.   I ordered the Panang Curry with tofu, my friend got the Indian curry with chicken.  I asked for the Panang extremely spicy, but it came out mild.  The curry was a little chalky, and needed to be cooked a bit longer or needed more water.  The Indian curry was spicy and tasty.  The menu is very large, and I would come back to try a few more items, even though the ones I had were nothing special.  The biggest short coming of this place is the time it takes for your food to get to the table.  It wasn't busy at all, and we still waited a good twenty minutes after our soup/salad arrived.
5	A second visit here proved to be as good as or better than the first. I'll put Komol up against any Thai I've had anywhere. (In the U.S. that is).This time we had Chicken Rad Na and Red Panang Curry with tofu. Both were excellent, but that Panang Curry, wow. The sauce is thicker than most other curries I've had and I like the way the sauce coats the vegetables and tofu. The dish was creamy, spicy, hot, thick, colorful and . . .delicious.I especially like the wait staff. Our waiter was very helpful in recommending the Panang dish and he called in the service of his brother to deliberate together to give us the best directions to the airport. The lack of any TVs is also very much appreciated. Thank you Komol.
4	I was actually pleasantly surprised  by this place after it being in such a scary location and not knowing anything about it other than it was vegatarian friendly. But the Curry was very good and pad thai was the best I have had since I moved to Vegas. I will go again and it might earn a 5th star. As an extra note I have eaten at Lotus of Siam and it is good but this place I feel is better. The Yellow curry is creamier and has more flavor and the Pad Thai is overcooked at Lotus of Siam.
3	This place is very well hidden in a large complex of "ghetto" eateries, but like they say looks can be quite deceiving.  I was more than surprised when I walked in, to find this place extremely clean and well decorated.  The servers were definitely nice, I get the "homey" feeling right off the bat. I'd give this place more of a 3.5, just because the people were definitely nice to me and we were able to order within the first 5 mins we sat.   The menu was a huge selection, but the prices made my eyes grow extremely big.  I was shocked out how expensive some of the dishes were.  After flipping through the hard book, I made a decision to go with Roast Duck Curry and Garlic Salt and Pepper Shrimp.  My friend with the duck noodle soup.Roast Duck Curry - It was a little bland.  I didn't taste anything, I thought I'd taste sweetness considering there were pineapples in it.  I didn't know what exactly I was tasting, but it tasted like a Thai herb.  Garlic Salt and Pepper Shrimp - To my disappointment, I thought it'd be deep fried in a batter mix then coated with the garlic salt and pepper mix.  Despite my thoughts, I thought this dish was the winner.  It was stir fried in the garlic salt mix to perfection, except for the fact I had about 10 pieces maybe less and I was paying almost I think 15? I don't know exactly, but it was expensive.  I couldn't speak for the duck noodle soup, since I didn't have a taste. But from what my friend told me,he said it was good.  I don't know if I would return here.  The prices kind of scared me, and the food didn't capture me.  But come out and try it for yourself. Maybe I was just trying the wrong dishes.
5	Tom Yum and Tom Kha soups are both great. Fresh vegetables, full flavor, and ordered "medium" is spicy enough for me.Mint Chili Chicken is ground chicken, spicy and herby, perfect over rice. I have ordered this medium and enjoyed it the most.Lad Na is one of my favorite wet noodle dishes thanks to our last visit.Pad Prik King is your selection of meat with green beans, another favorite of mine that my boyfriend's Thai mom ordered recently and we all loved it.Komol is the hands down winner for Thai in Vegas. The tastes are authentic and I want to keep going back to try more on their menu. The produce is extremely fresh and the quality of the food is excellent. Our service each time has been pleasant to really great. We recently took two big families together; our large group was taken care of and even though we ordered a few extra dishes, all the plates were clean by the end of dinner, this is a good sign!
3	As much as I love Thai food, Komol is located in the same Plaza as much busier Lotus of Siam. The food is great if you're a Vegan or want a lighter fare. I commend them for offering menu items there were not Vegan.  I'm all in for having my food prepared with meat, seafood or poultry. For me, they didnt't bring it with the flavor but would substitute with heat.  When I compared the two, I ordered the same items from the menu. The Garlics Prawns were cooked in a garlic sauce & really shrimpy (small). The rice was OK, and didn't have any flavor. I would go back again if there were no seats available @ neighboring Lotus where I know I will enjoy my meal & not simply eat because I'm hungry.However, when your order is taken you know they take pride in their service as well as the menu.
5	Absolutely awesome! I've been here a few times for lunch and they have delivered the goods each and every time. I tried the pad-thai the first time and haven't swayed away from it (and probably never will - like, ever). A few friends in the lunch party had different dishes, one was a vegetarian the other ordered a chicken based dish and everyone walked away from the table barely able to breath and honorary members of the "clean plate club." They have great lunch specials and offer generous sized portions. The flavors and textures of the foods are outstanding. I absolutely recommend this place to any Thai food fanatics. One quick, funny story is that we went there on December 30th for lunch. We were advised that the lunch specials were not available because of "the holiday." I asked which holiday and the server told us New Years. Guess it was a day early. Didn't matter, we were grubbing out regardless.
4	Food still good, but the wait was loong. Upon seating, we were told the kitchen was slow today, which I'm glad they told us beforehand. On a Sunday afternoon, this place was more packed than I've ever seen it. Food was gooood. Pad-see-eww was yummy
4	Great Thai food! My favorite meal is to share a pad thai and yellow curry with a friend. large portions, and very veggie/vegan friendly.
5	Best thai-food in Las Vegas. Tom Kha with rice or Yellow Curry with Tofu are my favorites but I am not opposed to trying something different each time because I trust the food there is good. Also very vegan-friendly and although I am not vegan.. If this what vegan tastes like, I aint mad.
4	Lotus of Siam has nothing on Komol!!!! There I said it. I love Komol. It's clean and the food here has never let me down. I have been a fan for twenty years now. It is in my top 5 of favorite Thai restaurants in Vegas without a doubt. I've tried most of their chicken and veggie dishes, but the Panang Chicken is my shining star here. The consistency of the curry sauce is excellent. Generally smooth and not watery. The heat level of the sauce is also to my liking along with the balance of the meat to veggie ratio.  My only gripe is the dark meat. Ugh. Although it's more flavorful I try to eat healthier and Komol will not let me order all white meat. What's up with that? The food here is 5 stars without a doubt, but the service is about a 2 star for me. The young boys working seem to be more into internet porn than making sure I get my Thai Tea I ordered fifteen minutes ago. They are friendly when they do decide to shuffle on over to the table, but don't expect them to remove your dirty plates when you are done or get your check in a timely manner. Remember, internet porn comes first, customers second. As far as takeout goes they handle that shit! I highly recommend Komol if you are looking for authentic Thai on the east side of town.
4	PRICE         3     stars    (Mediocre, depends on how much you order )FOOD         4.0   stars   (Great quality)    SERVICE    3.5  stars    (Good, friendly)QUANTITY  4.0  stars   (Good  portions)SUMMARYThe food here was really good as well. We wanted to go Little Siam but since they don't serve food after 2:30pm for lunch we ended up here. I still prefer Little Siam but this place was just as good as any other  good Thai food place.ORDER for 2Hot & Sour Soup Cup (Excellent) $4Fried Tofu with Peanut Sauce (Good) $4Panang Curry Vegetable with Shrimp (Good) $12Garlic Sauce Talapia (Good) $18Total $46 with tip & tax.QUALITYThe food here is really good the Panang curry was really good and had a lot of vegetables in it. They were not over cooked and the sauce was perfect blend of coconut and panang sauce. There were only 3 shrimps in the plate though, although they only charged $2 for the shrimp. The fried Talapia was ordered with their garlic sauce. Tons of garlic. If you don't like whole fishes then don't order this. My significant other cannot handle seeing fish head etc so we asked them to take the head off when serving the fish. I love the skin since it is kind of like eating fried chicken. The fried tofu was also really good for $4, they gave us tons of tofu and the peanut sauce was also really good. The soup was also great. QUANTITYRead good sized portions for the price.SERVICEVery friendly and kept as informed the whole time what was going on with our food. The appetizer and the soup showed up relatively fastRETURN BUSINESS4 sure. But if Little Siam is open it is gonna be a tough call.
4	I keep coming back here and let me tell you - vegetarian or not, you MUST order the herbal salad!  Apple, carrot, coconut, cashews, basil, crispy tofu, lemongrass, and a spicy lime dressing....omg!!!  Sooo good I drove over here, got one to go, and ate it while stuck in traffic driving back to Henderson!There has been talk lately of a lack of massaman in town, but it is great here and I have had it every time!  Last time I took friends from Texas and ran into Sangeetha I.!  I am heading back there this weekend with a couple where the husband is Thai and he swears by this place too.  Trust me, we will be ordering the herbal salad!
5	My favorite Thai food restaurant. Their soy meat is soo good, and their Penang with soy duck is to die for. I would eat here everyday if it wasn't so far from my house. It's a must try for everyone!
5	I've tried Lotus of Siam, I've tried Archi's, and Komol remains my absolute favorite Thai restaurant. I've probably been there at least a half dozen times and I have never had a bad experience. The menu is huge, both in content and weight, and they have a ton of options for omnivores and vegetarians alike. I usually get panang or red curry, but I've heard good things about the sesame beef, Indian curry, and sweet and sour chicken. The pad thai is some of the best I've had in Vegas, and the tom yum and tom kha are equally amazing.  If I had one complaint, the service can be hit or miss. It's never been awful, but it can be a little slow sometimes. However, I am perfectly willing to deal with slowish service if it means eating lots of cheap, delicious food.
4	Delicious!  I had the mushroom tom yum, spring rolls, fried sweet potatoes, pineapple fried rice, and pad thai (all from the vegetarian menu).  The pad thai was my favorite.  The tofu had a nice texture; I believe it was fried.  We also ordered it with the soy chicken and that was good too.  I ordered the soup WAAAAY too spicy, but it was good.  BTW, their cup of soup is HUGE.  I was expecting the size to be similar to miso soup (like how it's served at sushi places) but it was much bigger.I would definitely return to Komol when in Vegas.  If you are a vegetarian, it is worth checking out.
5	I can't stop the accolades that I give Komol. When my family comes into town, the only restaurant everyone wants to go to is Komol. No Michelin stars, no Food Network stars....just Komol. The food here is so dependable and we are all such regulars that the staff is almost like family. Deliciousness here includes:Tom Kha - the coconut milk-based broth is so rich and flavorful. You can customize the veggies/protein you want added. I like it simple with lots of broth, broccoli, cabbage and straw mushrooms. It's comfort in a bowlFried Corn - Corn and batter shaped into patties and served with a sweet sauce. Crispy. smooth and delicious. I can't put the experience of eating this dish into words!Papaya Salad - The papaya salad here is seriously kick-ass. It's got the right balance of sweetness and tartness and it complements the Thai meal beautifullyPad Thai - The Pad Thai here with fried tofu is a tad on the sweet side but I actually like it that way. The noodles are perfectly cooked and mushed together with fresh sprouts, crushed peanuts and the Pad Thai gravy to create an explosion in your mouthGinger Tofu - Slivered ginger, soft tofu (we ask for soft and not fried), vegetables all tossed in a light black sauce served with crispy Jasmine rice. Oh-so-good for you in all ways!Panang Curry - The Panang here has a huge following. The curry is extremely rich with the freshly ground spices spewing out of each spoonful. Eating the gravy with rice is an experience to be hadGarlic/Pineapple Fried Rice - Garlic for the spice and savory lover and Pineapple for the sweeter savory dish lover. Both dishes are excellent and really culminate an Asian meal.Komol is really the place for every lifestyle. With a plant-based menu as well as a meat-based menu you can count on anyone who has a tastebud to be in culinary heaven. Again, Komol is is one of the top 5 reasons for me staying in Las Vegas!
5	My boyfriend and I went here a couple of weeks ago. Since we're vegan, it's a little difficult to find places when we want to dine out. Komol's has large vegan menu. The food is delicious and service is amazing there. It was such an incredible experience and I can't wait until we go back!
4	A relatively new vegetarian eater, the herbal salad and vegetarian delight were very good.  Definitely worth visiting if you are in Las Vegas.
4	I tried this place on a recommendation from a friend and I am glad I did! The food is fantastic. I made the mistake, however, of letting my boyfriend choose 8 on the spice level. I think the food would have been that much better if I didn't get it so spicy, but even with my mouth on fire the food was so flavorful.  It actually ended up being really good leftovers too! Finding the place was a little confusing. It seems to been a small mall sort of thing and I am pretty sure I drove around the whole thing until I found it. The only slight problem was the service. It seemed to take a bit longer than it should have and we asked for a few things and never received them. It was nothing that would stop me from going back there again.
5	Excellent selection of vegetarian items on their menu. Soy orange chicken is the best I've ever had !!  Excellent service
5	The food is phenomenal! The ambiance is very serene and peaceful! Overall, it is a GREAT place to have a good time!!
4	Another place in  Vegas!  Thai food this time. I loved this place too, but not as much as I loved Meskerem. We brought a lot more people, we drank sake, spent a lot of money on food, put dares on people eating spicy food (which ended up being hilarious), and the servers were all very polite and respectful and again, another place in Vegas that stayed open later than their posted hours. I think we had 16 people with us? Maybe more? And the servers handled all of us extremely well. I got pad thai with vegan chicken at like maybe a 10 spice? it was perfect.Probably the best vegan pad thai I've ever had.
5	I fell in love with Lotus of Siam on previous visits to Las Vegas.  In fact I have given up Thai restaurants in the San Francisco area, since they rarely compare.  Sunday lunch brought me to a "closed" sign at Lotus.  Luckily I used Yelp to find another Thai restaurant.  I was amazed that Komol was so close to Lotus, pleasantly surprised that it was open, and ecstactic with the quality of the food and friendly service.  This is an excellent choice for vegetarians (60% of their business is the vegetarian dishes).  I immensely enjoyed the pork panang, and look forward to sampling the fish dishes on future and frequent visits.  I agree with the comments on the spice level; use caution, especially on an initial visit.My only complaint is that Las Vegas has two excellent Thai restaurants within a hundred yards of each other, when I cannot find comparable Thai food within a hundred miles of my home.
4	Originally I thought Komol was a vegetarian restaurant... as in a place that did not serve meat at all. So when my husband was craving some Thai for dinner, I'd suggest Lotus of Siam instead... But then I was informed by Jaime w. that while Komol can make everything on their menu vegetarian, they do serve meat, and their meat dishes are amazing, so we decided to head there for dinner one Friday evening.  There was no wait to be seated, which was a relief because we were both very hungry. The menu is extensive, there were multiple dishes that looked good so we decided to order 3. My husband loved the Mongolian Beef... so much that he is disappointed with every other restaurant's Mongolian Beef now. He also enjoyed the chef special curry...  I had the Papaya Pad Thai, I tried to order it mild but our waiter convinced me to go with medium heat. I am a big old wussy so it was a little too spicy for my personal preference but it still tasted good. When you do not have a reservation at Lotus of Siam and do not want to wait for a table there, chances are you can head over to Komol and get seated immediately. Couple that with great flavors, fairly good service and fair prices, and you have a winning combo.
4	Great hidden gem tucked within the strange world known as the Commercial Center. I'm not anti-Lotus of Siam by any stretch--that place is certainly worth the visit for their extensively diverse menu--but equally impressive is Komol.Speaking of menu, Komol's is beautifully designed and crafted with some sort of heavy wood, that thing could easily double as a weapon. I was lucky enough to dine here with a nice size meetup group. We were able to sample quite a few dishes, including:Tom KhaShrimp Pad ThaiAngel DuckBeef PanangPineapple Fried RiceDuck Chili MintOrange TofuKang PaI won't detail every dish, but I found their duck to be very tender and flavorful. The Panang was pretty good, but I still prefer Archi's. I didn't care for the Pineapple Fried Rice. I was pleasantly surprised by the Orange Tofu.The bill totaled $15 per person (with tax and tip). Compared to what I spent at LoS the last time, that's a steal! I'm not going to say Komol is better or worse than LoS. They're both great choices when you're in the area.
5	This is by far my favorite place to eat in Las Vegas.  It's hidden away in an interesting area or dare I say in the ghetto (aka as Sahara and Commerical Center), but worth the drive.  If you're vegetarian or vegan and you haven't been to Komol, then I really don't know what you've been eating.  This place is heaven on earth for us folk.  I've tried most everything on their vegetarian menu and I must say I love the orange tofu best.  It's crispy, tasty and filling.  Any Thai dish you can think of, they make a vegetarian or vegan varierty.  Duck? Check. Chicken? Check.  Soy of course...  This place can get busy and service can be a little slow, but where they lack in speed, they make up with excellent customer service.
5	Located in the same retail park as Lotus Of Siam. Komol Restaurant has been in business for 25 years. Inside is super clean and decorated with Thai artwork. My waitress was super friendly and helpful with details of the place and how they make all their chili paste from scratch. My order the Thai beef salad and a order Pork Prik Khing. The portions here are large and both entrees were sooo flavorful and they use no MSG here. I was surprised how many local Thai families were eating here. I've discovered my favorite Thai restaurant in Las Vegas!
5	Very, very, very good Thai food. It's my favorite Thai place in Las Vegas. The vegetarian options are plentiful and sure to please herbivores and carnivores alike.
5	I'm in love with a Thai restaurant....Thank you Yelpers for pointing me in the direction of Komol!  I've heard this place was veg-friendly and your reviews sent me on my way to an adventure.Who would have ever thought that something called "Herbal Salad" would be so freaking amazingly delicious?  I'm pretty sure I'm going to have a new addiction now.  And don't get me started on the Orange Tofu.... I've missed Orange Chicken ever since I went veg, and this was even better than any Orange Chicken I've had (no fatty chicken bits thankyouverymuch).  The tofu is crispy and perfect with the orange sauce.  The panang curry is their specialty, and although it was a really great dish, it was probably my least favorite of the three (but it was still awesome).When asked how spicy, I always order "medium" and that usually serves me well.  I'm not into a ton of spice, but I'm not a wuss about it either.  Komol's "medium" though was very spicy.  If you don't like a lot of spice in your food, I would say err on the side of caution and order less spicy than you normally do.Like everyone else has said, this place is in a sketchy little shopping plaza.  I would have never driven in this area, let alone stopped to eat here if I didn't see the reviews online.  Although the address says Sahara, it is not on the main road- you have to turn into a plaza on the South side of Sahara, and Komol is in the middle of the parking lot.Seriously check this place out.
5	I love this place. My bf and I eat here almost every week!!!
4	Delicious food, great service, reasonably priced and generous portions
5	When we lived in Vegas, my wife and I ate here every Saturday for lunch. The Thai food here is amazing and the wait staff is great. They take the time to make conversation and get to know you if you eat there with any regularity. It was actually pretty sad when we ate there for the last time since we would actually miss the people as well as the food. If you love thai food (with lots of vegetarian options), this is the place to go!
4	I always enjoy this place. I usually have the pad thai and/or the yellow curry. im docking them one star because the food is good, but not always consistant
5	Awesome, try the Panang, you'll thank me later.
5	This was my second time dinning for dinner at Komol and it was a week  night. The inside interior is tastefully decorated and clean. The menu is large so it was difficult making my choices. Soup sounded good so I tried the combo noodle soup which contained shrimp, ground pork, fish cake and BBQ pork. The mixing of all the ingredients and flavor of the broth hit the spot. I followed with my first time ever ordering shrimp yellow curry - included bamboo shoots, zucchini, sliced hot peppers and coconut milk. I thought the zucchini mixed with this was unusual but it was actually very good!Overall I was really satisfied with dinner and service at Komol and I'm already looking forward to going back by just writing this review!
4	best panang curry ~ hands down!wish they are close to my house like Archi's...which is like5mins away from my house.  sadly its 20 ~ 25mins away from my condo.i have to say Archi's got better spicy basil pork which i really lovebut havent seen any thai restaurant with better panang than komol
4	This food is as good as it gets for vegetarian.  The health salad is to die for.  I have been dreaming about it for a year.  Come hook or crook I will go back there next week and get me another one.  The crispy spinach was interesting, deep fried in a very light tempura-style batter was a bit greasy if not tasty.The place was clean and quiet and far superior to the Lotus of Siam which is in the same commercial center, but not nearly as satisfying for a vegetarian.
4	So, I stopped in for lunch after volunteer work in the morning.  I knew about this place because I have been in for lunch before.  However, it wasn't anything special back then.... I had only ordered Pad Thai.  Although it was tasty, I didn't find it very special so had not written a review for it.  But today, today was a different story.  :DThe entree we ordered was Chicken Chili Mint.  It was pretty good.  Ground chicken with a variety of spices that included mint and fresh red chili (hence the name).  We ordered it mild and BOY was it mild.  I would recommend medium heat. The waitress said mild is about a 4 out of 10 in the heat scale...However, it didn't taste spicy at all.  Wasn't a bad portion either.  It left enough room for two desserts.We ordered the banana steeped in hot sweet coconut milk.  Oh how it reminded me of the Vietnamese desserts I had as a child...It made me feel like I was a kid again.  Warm, soothing, rich coconut milk drowned the chunks of firm bananas.  The texture of the bananas were spot on.  It still held it shape and was not at all mushy in texture.  This dessert packed sooo much flavor!  I recommend sipping the coconut milk little by little.  It is REALLY sweet so I feel that's the best way to eat it.  Slow...to SAVOR the wonderful flavors  :)I ordered the coconut ice cream with sticky rice...and it was absolutely amazing!  The sticky rice was very warm and with the cold ice cream sitting on top of it, it resembled a thai version of warm brownies with ice cream.  Anyways, here's the kicker...the coconut ice cream is HOUSE-made!  Technically, it's not ice cream.  The base is simply coconut milk and fresh coconut water, so the consistency is more icey (kinda reminds me of a sorbet, but not as refined).  I happened to like that it had those larger icicles because it cut through the decadent sticky rice pretty well, very refreshing.  The coconut milk "sorbet" had thinly sliced fresh coconut and jackfruit.  I would come back just for this dessert alone.Minus one star because upon entering the restaurant, they had a board with their specials of the day written on it which included Mango with Sticky Rice.  However, when I ordered it, they said that they weren't serving any because the mangoes they had were not sweet/ripe enough yet.  So, I would suggest not putting something on the specials board when it's not available to order.  But I can't complain too much.  The lack of ripe mangoes was the only reason why I decided to try something new and ordered the coconut ice cream with sticky rice...haha...Chicken Chili Mint + Diet Coke + 2 Desserts = $23  :)
4	This is a strange place.The location is not that good.But the food is fantastic.Parking is ample and there is adequate lighting in the lot even though its in a sketchy mini mall.But the inside of the restaurant is strange.Not horrible but also not good.Just go and you will understand.However the decoration is not what we eat.And if the place is beautiful with a great location and the food sucks that is not good either.The food is where this place shines.Top notch Thai food.Great flavors and strong menu.I actually like the unassuming decor as its like a leaf that hides the flower.The pad see ew here is excellent.Definately full flavored and cooked well.The other dishes that shine here are the mint stir fried dishes, the curries and the coconut soup.My friend says that the large vegetarian menu is also very good.I am stunned that such a hidden gem exists.Would like to give 4.5 stars but ill give em 4 to keep em working hard to keep up the excellent standard.Strong A-/B+
5	There aren't many good Vegan restaurants here in Las Vegas, but Komol is definitely one of the good ones. My wife and I came here and ordered the Vegan Pad Thai, spring rolls, Tom Kha Mushrooms, Rad Na, Herbal Salad, House made Coconut Icecream, plantain banana in coconut milk, and the thai iced tea with coconut cream. I give Komol Thai Restaurant a 4.5 out of a possible 5 stars.The Vegan Pad Thai, Plantain Banana, and where the restaurant was located were okay. Everything else was amazing! Rad Na was my favorite thai dish before I stopped eating meat, but komol allows me to enjoy it once again. I make sure I order that everytime I go there. I also crave the Herbal salad constantly... I'm craving it now as I type this review... mmm... herbal salad... Tom Kha Mushrooms were crazy good! So creamy, so delicious. Up to this point my wife and I totally forgot that our meal was Vegan.We also had the Thai Iced Tea. Yep, amazing as well. Komol's homemade coconut icecream was inhaled by my wife. Both my wife and I highly recommend Komol, especially if you are vegan and love thai food.
5	Huge menu! Lots of gluten free and vegetarian options. Friendly staff, beautiful dinnerware. I'm their newest regular!
4	Love love love Komol! The food here is so good! I don't like the area or the actual restaurant, it's very old and dirty looking inside. The only time I get food from here is when I'm working, so we usually get it delivered, so the first time that they didn't have a delivery person available I had to go pick up our food and when I walked in I was surprised to see that this awesome food has come from this place! I wouldn't come here at night, but I will never stop ordering from work!Best pad Thai and Thai beef salad!
5	I can't wait to get back to vegas just so I can eat here again.
5	Best Thai food in Town. You might get shot outside, but food is worth the  risk
5	The food here is amazingly delicious. Truly authentic Thai dishes. The best Thai restaurant I've ever been to and I've been to a lot. Excellent customer service. The restaurant is extremely clean. The waitress are as hot as their food.
5	Everything on the menu is delicious. This restaurant is known for their vegan menu but i have yet to try those and the non-vegan food is still to die for. Closest to authentic Thai food on this side of the pacific ocean. Recommend the chicken basil leaf, panang sea bass, garlic sauce australian bass. Hot food and staff (waitress and waiter) with excellent customer service.
5	By looking at the outside, you wouldn't know this "diamond" was tucked inside this old shopping mall. once inside, the space is small and close together, with tables of large groups making it hard for the wait staff to get around, but no worries, the service is excellent as is the food.We started with a couple of apps, first up were the fried chicken wings, crispy not greasy, with a tasty dipping sauce.  Then came the grilled meatballs.  They were a bit chewy, but had a spiciness to them I liked.For our main entrees we got several, Chicken chili mint, which had minced garlic, chill peppers and fresh mint leaves.  This was excellent!  Next we tried the Pad Thai noodle with shrimp, the rice noodle stir fired with egg, bean sprouts, green onions and ground peanuts always one of my favorites.  We also love a good curry and this time we tried the Beef Panang.We finished off the meal with a  little desert, something that was new for them to serve tonight, Taro ball in coconut cream.  Um good!  Nothing would prevent me from coming back again, this place is excellent all around.  It can be a bit busy, so if you come there maybe a wait, but it's worth it.
5	Great food, especially their vegetarian selections, which are extensive.  This place is dated, almost gave it 4 starts for that... but since the food is so good, just rolled iwth the 5. Service is pretty darn good tooRed Panang Curry is awesome... gotta do it.
5	Fantastic experience here. Very friendly waiter. No MSG in their food, which is huge to me. It does not need it, anyway. We had the green curry and it was great. Also ordered the Herbal Salad, which was recommended here by several yelp'ers. It was very lemongrass-y, which was good for a few bites, but I could not eat a whole plate of it. My husband had no problem eating a good deal of it, though. The coconut milk curry was great. We also ordered the mango with sticky rice dessert, as well as the fried banana with homemade coconut ice cream. The ice cream is to die for. best I've had in a while-- and homemade! :)  Mango sticky rice was wonderful, too, and I haven';t found many places that make it with coconut milk only instead of sweetened condensed milk. So happy to find a vegan version!
5	Got introduced to this place by my younger sister.  It's a great place for Thai food, pretty authentic if you ask me.  A little oily, but less greasy than most thai places.The food is legit, and it's great for vegetarians.  My vegetarian in-laws rave about this place as wellI don't know what I ate (had a lot of different plates), but all I can say is that I liked it all!And just to stress the popularity of this restaurant, it is located in the commercial center in Vegas.  Commercial center is a graveyard for restaurants location wise (in my opinion), but the parking lot is still full because everyone is at Komol!
5	Went back to Komol again and tried some other dishes that I didn't get to try before.  It is probably my favorite Thai restaurant~  Everything tastes so good here and I will definitely keep coming back here for more!I haven't got to check the menu yet since I always come here with a whole bunch of people that orders for us... If they have pork leg over rice, I will definitely try it there!
4	A secret jewel tucked away in a natty looking old mall. We went there based on on-line reviews and were VERY happy we did. We for sure would not have stopped in based on exterior curb appeal.  Once you open the door, feel the vibe and smell the cooking, you'll know you're in the right place.It's small and cozy & clean and has very helpful wait staff. They'll explain all the ingredients you are not familiar with and happily add things in or take things out on your request. And, no MSG in anything! The portion size is quite ample. Plan to take some home for leftovers. The menu itself is absolutely huge... pages and pages of mouth-watering choices. We had the Herbal Salad - a most delicious concoction of cashews, garlic, onions, basil, apples, carrots, coconut and more. Herbal salad is clearly a must order dish!  And we all loved the Duck Chili Mint...  I recommend that too...  yummmm.  I only wish this place wasn't 1,100 miles away from me so I could eat there more often! A meal at Komol's is definitely on my "must do in Las Vegas" trip list from now on!
5	This is my favorite Thai restaurant in LV hands down. I came in for dinner here on Monday evening and was surprised how busy this place was. They were caught of guard and were short on staff of waiters and waitresses.I had to pick up tickets for Phantom so we arrived around six pm. For the appetizer they were offering soft shell crab deep fried in Panko crust - this was delicious . We followed with a bowl of the combo noodle soup - ground pork, shrimp, fish cake and BBQ pork. This wasn't as flavorful as last time and I had to add some chili paste.  Third entree was the Basil chicken which was delish. The last item was the mixed Phad Thai - OMG one of the best I've had and the portion was generous. For dessert I ordered the home made coconut ice cream with fried bananas - too die for!I craving Komol's food just writing this review!
5	Thank you yelp for helping us find this hidden gem. When we reached the parking lot, we were second guessing the decision but I remembered reading somewhere that its better to ignore the place as the food is amazing. And it was amazing.We tried the panang curry - vegetarian as well as chicken. YUM YUM!Will definitely be frequenting this place and bringing all my fave people to eat here..
5	My absolute favorite Thai restaurant! Their lunch specials, which include Soup of the day, and spring roll, are the best for under 10 bucks! Unlike many Asian restaurants, the service here is actually very good. I always get their Beef Panag Curry or their famous Pad Thai.
5	It's been a while since I've updated my review for Komol, so here we go. The food is still delicious! I finally got to try the herbal salad, since I'm attempting to eat healthier lately. It was refreshing and absolutely delicious. It had just the right amount of spice and the texture was delicious. My dining companions got the mee krob to start and the spicy mint chicken, pork pad thai and some chicken dish that escapes me at the moment. All were incredibly happy with their meals. I took some garlic fried rice with beef home to my fella as well. I took a few bitefuls of that as well and love it!The service can be hit or miss here, but they were extremely attentive on this visit and refilled our water glasses regularly. They were pretty packed for the holidays and seemed to accomodate the large amount of guests quite nicely. Definitely still one of my favorites!
5	My wife and I are vegetarians, and we were struggling to find good vegetarian food in Las Vegas. Our friends highly recommended this place, so we decided to try it out. After checking out the location and look of the restaurant from the outside, we almost went back, though I am glad we didn't! The food is fantastic!!! We absolutely loved their Panang curry. It is the best we have had in the US. We also had Chili Mint, which was quite decent as well. The rice portions are quite generous, and the service was super-friendly. When we asked for a to-go box for our leftovers, the lady not only gave us extra rice, but also 2 plates and cutlery with our to-go box!!! If I could go to one restaurant in Las Vegas, this would be it!!
5	I have been to literally 12 Thai restaurants in Vegas and this one has the best Thai food. Every dish has soo much flavor! Also, the consistency never changes. It just sucks that its far from where I live so I go there once every 4 months but every time I leave thinking, "that was really good!"
4	Excellent thai  food, with a wide vegetarian selection. Low prices. While it looks basic from the outside, the interior looks quite nice. I do find that the range of dishes is a bit limited; dishes with either red or green curry, with coconut. But this is a comment I have to thai food in general.When we mentioned the high yelp-ratings to the owner, he mentioned that ;'he did not have time to look at it', so you can trust that the reviews are from actual customers.
5	My favorite Tai spot in Vegas! Love this place. Relaxing atmosphere and fantastic food!
3	The food here was decent.  No complaints.  The lunch special was decently priced and they have lots of vegetarian options, which always gets an A+ in my book.  Still, I just wasn't really impressed.The decor was really generic (it didn't speak "Thai" to me...), so the ambiance, I guess, was sort of like an old Vegas lounge...without the glitter and slot machines.The service was so-so.  We waited a minute or two at the front of the store without any one attending us, then they disappeared...once we looked around the corner it was clear that they were readying our table.  I had to wait a bit, too, to have my water re-filled.The food was appetizing and enjoyable.  My companion ordered a medium spicy, which ended up being too hot for him (but I think that was his fault, not theirs).  I liked the spicy kick.  If I was driving through Vegas again (which I will) I would consider stopping here, as it's just off of the freeway, but I would look for somewhere better, first.Oh!  And it was hard to find, at first.  We'd eaten in the same strip mall, before, so we were a bit confused.  Here's a bit of an illustration :| |    |*|   | || |_      _| ||__|    |__|Sahara AveIt's in a strip mall off of Sahara but it's not in the surrounding stores, but in a little floating  strip(*).  Hopefully this helps you :)
4	KOMOL is a hidden gem, it is tucked in the backside of the commercial ctr area.  I know what you're thinking, I thought the same thing..."um, commercial ctr, the same area as the green door?' i know, i know but you have to try KOMOL outnice, clean restaurant, not a big place, wait staff super nice. as for the food....AWESOME, piping hot when it comes to your table, not only is the smell delicious but visually its delicious.  we ordered: (FYI - KOMOL does not used the 1-10 heating scale. when you ask for HOT/SPICY be careful, you get what you ask for, order a chai tea just in case)Chicken Tom-Yum: (heat lvl med-high)if you are a mushroom kind of person, you will love this soup.  a lite chicken base soup, w/ chilies, lemon grass, lime leaves and lots of SHIITAKE mushrooms.  (they are very generous w/ the shiitake mushroom).  very flavorful, the vegetables are not mushy and lack of color.  very vibrant, refreshing soup.Herbal Salad:OMG, i like this salad ALOT, it may be new "go-to" item on the menu. julian sliced apples, carrots, coconut, grn onions, onions w/ a lemon vinaigrette mixed w/ cashews and top w/ "hot" pepper. this salad BURSTS in your mouth. you can taste element of this salad. the apples are grn i believe, they remind me of granny smith apples.  you have a combination of sweet, salty, savory, nutty and crunchy.  the coconut adds another level to the salad. this is no cucumber salad here.Chicken Pad Thai: (heat lvl HIGH)how can you go to a thai restaurant and not order pad thai, HELLOOOO. my, my, my, i've tried many pad thai's around the valley, this goes in my TOP 3.  now we asked for a lvl 10, the waiter informed us that they do not do the # thing. but he's get it to that lvl for us. HA! you like SPICY/HOT then order high, heaping portion. the colors are amazing, your pad thai does not look like it was all mashed together and cooked in 1 pot, drizzled w/ oil, YUCK. (i've had pad thai like that) just like w/ the other dishes, crispy crunchy vegetables, nice chunky pieces of chicken.  the pepper flakes in this dish does not make the HEAT, i don't know if the oil used to cook this dish is infused w/ peppers, u get heat w/ every bite.ALL in ALL a great meal, reasonably price, good to share w/ friends
5	This is an ABSOLUTE must go to if you are vegetarian.  It was just the drive from the southwest that prevented me from coming here sooner.  What a menu!  So many great sounding choices.  It was hard to narrow entrees down but it had already been decided pre-arrival that the herbal salad was a must order appetizer.  Thanks Lisa R for the raving about it.  What a tasty, crazy mix of stuff.  The #7 spice was a little over the top as it set my tongue ablaze but was a good burn for the wife.  I don't know what happened to my relationship with spicy food but it has cooled off considerably the last few years.  I guess I'm getting old.  I would've ordered a 10 spice a long time ago. I was worried since we ordered our curries with #7 spice thinking I would need to ask for a fire extinguisher.  I asked the waiter if I could get a 4 or 5 for the Kang-Ped Delight I ordered.  He said "No problem" but the only problem was that the server had our curries right behind him!  Thankfully the coconut milk made it taste like a 5.The Kang-Ped Delight certainly was all that!  The curry had bamboo shoots, tofu, zucchini, baby corn, straw mushrooms, snow peas, carrots and hot peppers, cooked in red curry sauce with coconut milk.  It was probably the best Thai curry I've had in recent memory.  I added soy chicken for $2 and it made this killer.  The best fake chicken I've ever tasted.  How did they do it?  I can't wait to try their soy duck and shrimp on future visits.
2	This place is IMPOSSIBLE to find. I drove up and down sahara and they give horrible directions when you call them.Anyway, I ordered the Chow Mein with flat noodles and it was mediocre to say the least. It had a sight garlic flavor, but other than that NOTHING. Very disappointed because it was super greasy. By far not one of the best places I've been to.I also got the eggrolls & they had no flavor either.. the plum sauce was horrible with it. Didn't hate this place, but I probably won't ever be going back.
5	I am a big Thai food fan and must say I rarely write reviews, but this place is more than worthy of my praise. I was in Las Vegas for a convention and found this little gem. I ordered the Tom Kha soup (phenomenal), Fresh Spring Rolls (light and fresh, as the name suggests) and the one dish that blew me away - The Vegetarian Panang. - I must say that I've eaten at many Thai places and many curry dishes and this was one of the best I could remember.I highly recommend this restaurant  to anyone visiting or looking for a top notch meal.TWO THUMBS UP!!
5	Komol is the best Vegan Thai restaurant in town. The Papaya Phad Thai rocks!
5	I tried to find this place 8 years ago when I first moved here and gave up after driving around the Commercial Center (which is huge!) for about 20 minutes.  I wish I didn't give up so soon.  A UYE motivated me to get my butt over here again.  I did drive around for a bit looking for it, but I was a little more determined this time.The place is tiny and doesn't have a fancy neon sign like Lotus of Siam.  But whatever it lacks in flash, it makes up for in tastiness.  The panang curry was amazing as was the herbal salad.  The tofu nam sod with crispy rice was absolutely delicious.  My favorite dish hands down.  They aren't shy about the spice so adjust accordingly.  I like spicy and a 5 out of 10 was enough for me.  Service was good.  They kept the water coming, that's for sure.  Just get here early for dinner.  When I left, there was a line out the door on a Monday night.They have a lot of inventive dishes, like pad thai with papaya noodles instead of regular old rice noodles.  Great for vegans and vegetarians, but there are meat options, too.  The menu is huge and has separate sections for vegetarian and non-vegetarian to avoid any confusion.I probably need to try Lotus of Siam before I come back.  But definitely looking forward to swinging by and trying more of their dishes.
5	Komol is delicious! And they have great lunch specials! I usually stick with the Panang with tofu and I'm so happy with my choice every time. The service is fast and friendly, though I've only dont takeout (never dined in). My coworkers and I love Komol!
5	Doesn't get any better. Only wish it stayed open later.
5	Amazing vegan Thai food. Curries were so good. Panang curry with vegan beef to die for. Lots of different vegan meat selections from beef to chicken to seafood. Nice restaurant, great service. Easy to take the bus here from the strip if you are a tourist like me.
5	After researching the "Best Thai" restaurants in Las Vegas from all the web sites, I was on my way to one when I was diverted.  The doorman at Ceasars told me that he loved Komol and had been going here for 20 years.  You know if you do not take the advice of a local, your just plain dumb.  So off I went and he was spot on.  Now Do not get turned off by the seedy strip mall this place is in.  Once inside I was impressed by the well kept interior and decor.  The staff was fantastic, very attentive and made me feel like family.  The food is great and on fire as I went with heat 7 of 10.  I had the panang Chicken and Tom Kha soup and the fabulous sticky rice with Mango.  Take a taxi and get to this place if you want great Thai.  I will be back.. Thanks for making my experience so good.
4	I was surprised to find this place in the commercial center since the only place I've ever eaten at was Lotus of Siam and this is right across the way and completely in the same league. I first have to say that I'm not a huge fan of spicy food but came here for a vegetarian UYE and I was leery about how I'd like it without all the spice.  The first item I had was the spring rolls which was suprising plentiful and meant for sharing, the sauce was the a great flavor but the rolls themselves were fresh and rolled tight.  As for my main dish I had the chicken tofu noodles that were amazing, this was my first full foray into vegetarian eating and I left far more full and satisfied than I ever imagined.  I will certainly be coming back and bring more out of town guests.
5	This place is really hard to find, especially when the entire mall area looks like it's in the middle of becoming a ghost town. My first attempt on finding this place led to inevitable failure. I went back to the hotel room and researched the area via google maps to realize, that dead looking area has actual stores that are open.With CES going on only a couple of blocks away (at the LV Hilton) I was surprised to see that it wasn't packed. It certainly wasn't empty but all of the surrounding restaurants during the convention were filling up quickly. I ordered the green curry (via yelp reviews) and boyfriend, the oh so adventurous, got chicken fried rice.I was more than pleasantly surprised to find that the reviews weren't kidding, the portion sizes are ridiculous. Even with my enormous appetite, I only polished off half the dish. While some may say that they don't give you enough rice, I think they give you just enough. You don't want to fill up your belly with those carbs, you want to fill it up with that delicious green curry and all of it's creamy glory.After leaving Vegas, I became obsessed with green curry. Unfortunately, I have yet to find one that is quite as good
4	Amazing. I never liked Thai food until a friend brought me here. It's kind of a hole in the wall and a bit difficult to find if you're not familiar with the area, but it's so worth the effort to find!! Great lunch specials and great service! The food is definitely a 5 star in my opinion, but there is often a sulfur like smell emanating from the restroom area...
5	Tried this place based on Yelp reviews. Thank you reviewers!Location appears a little sketchy but isn't dangerous. Plenty of parking  Nondescript outside but nice inside with care given to make it attractive and clean. The menus are indeed large, wooden, heavy and unique. Staff is friendly and attentive. The crispy spring rolls are small but delicate and delicious. The Tom Yum chicken soup I had prepared medium spicy. It was the best I've ever had, with plenty of mushrooms and chicken and big curls of lemongrass to avoid eating. Medium spicy is plenty spicy (gave me the hiccups).Wife had Thai-style sweet and sour chicken. Pretty good. Fresh ingredients for sure but the sauce didn't thrill me. I'm not a big fan of sweet and sour so I may not be the best judge; the wife liked it fine. Mongolian Beef was a little tough to chew but skillfully prepared with a great sauce. Extremely tasty and a good choice for the less-adventurous; it was so good I wish I had tried something less sedate.The pineapple fried rice was so good we couldn't stop eating it. We brought home leftovers of both entrees because we filled up on the rice. A must-eat when you dine here. We considered an order to go after we finished our meal.Prices are surprisingly reasonable and the flavors are phenomenal.  Dollar-to-taste ratio is world-class. Next time you want Thai or just something full of flavor and umami, try Komol.
4	The herbal salad is as good as everyone says. I want to eat it right now. The Panang curry was also very good, as were the fat, flat noodles.If I was strictly looking for Tom Kha Khung, I would head to my old favorite, Pin Kaow. If I am looking for a great wine list and Thai food, I would head to Komol's friendly neighbor. But Komol's food is inspiring and its cozy set up is inviting, fake flowers and all! I will  return and will follow my visit by a Thai massage, also offered nearby off Sahara.
4	It's one of those places I hear about a lot, want to go and just never have.After a Elite event at the Barrymore, I knew we had  to try it out. Lucky me, some of the best people in Vegas came to join us for dinner. BF and I tried the famed herbal salad and it was a refreshing treat. I love salads of all kinds and I never thought of coconut being something to add. Now that I know how it is made, I will be making this at home and trying out the rest of the large menu. Massaman Curry- I am a huge massaman freak so we had to try this on our first visit. It was very spice heavy in a cinnamon-y profile and sweet. While I appreciated it is unique, it just was not quite my thing. I  dont get their spice rating...while our herbal salad was more "medium" spicy than "mild", our massaman had no spice to it at all. Seems in some reviews I read to be inconsistent. Tried bites of my friends foods and all were quite nice so definitely there is good quality here. The pad thai and panang were quite good actually. Service was okay, a bit slow though they were nice about it. Hard to say if it is food we need to drive across town for yet, but when I'm in the area I will definitely be coming by to taste more.
4	Komol is a little tricky to find but worth the numerous U turns we had to take no thanks to my not so smart phone! It's in the same parking lot as Namaste if that helps.I was happy to see that they had vegetarian dinner specials! I'm not a vegan but I didn't want to order anything with meat after the stinky chicken incident at Thai BBQ a couple days back. My special which was ($10.95) came with crispy veggie spring rolls, yummy Mushroom Tom -Kha soup, and Vegtable Pad Thai. I liked that all the items that I was cravings came in a special!
5	The best Thai place I've ever eaten at. Great Vegan options, I used to eat here all the time a few years ago. I miss it, so we are going tonight! The area is a little scary, but worth it for the great food and plum wine. I kind of like the decoration in there also, makes it feel like grandmas house. Hoping for another great experience since I'm bringing my BF and his family here later tonight.
5	I came here on Saturday night for dinner, and let me tell you it was quite the adventure. We entered in the address in our GPS and had no idea where it was. Finally I told my boyfriend to turn left at the area where it said the restaurant supposedly was and explore the dark plaza that Komol is located at. We were very close to leaving when I spotted a small sign that said "Komol". Upon entering the restaurant, we saw that it was very busy and very crowded (that's a good sign right?!). Despite the busy environment, it only took us about 2 minutes to be seated. Immediately they took our drink order and we spent a few minutes looking over the menu. We decided to order beef pepper steak, ginger chicken, and garlic fried rice with chicken. The breakdown:Pepper Steak: The pepper steak came out as a "family sized" portion, meaning it was much bigger than we had imagined it would be. The sliced pieces of meat was served in a brown pepper sauce along side chopped strips of red and green peppers and onions. The flavor of the sauce was amazing and tasted great with the rice as well! Ginger Chicken: The serving of ginger chicken was also what I would consider a "family sized" portion, so if you order this be prepared to share! The chicken had just the right amount of ginger flavoring from the sauce it was in. The dish also comes with red and green peppers, onions, and mushrooms. Garlic Fried Rice w/ Chicken: The garlic fried rice literally made me say "wow!" when I tried my first bite. The garlic flavoring was subtle, but enough to create a unique taste for the rice. Once I had my first bite, I just wanted to keep eating more (sadly, it wasn't my order). The food at Komol is amazing and delicious. Proof of this is that none of the people who accompanied me that night were hungry, but once they had their first bite of the food, they couldn't stop eating! Yes people, it's that good. I definitely will be coming back here to try their other dishes.
5	Komol, you no doubt deserve the bump up to FIVE STARS. I eat you at least once a week and have been coming here since I was 16. I've never been dissatisfied with the food. Not one bad dish in all that time. I cannot say that about any other restaurant. Also, the service has been stepped up a notch too, so thank you for that. Trust me, all the food is excellent here, but these are the dishes I always order:Tom KhaNum TokPanang BeefGarlic Pepper beef/chickenHerbal Salad- I dream about this FYI1. When you go to Komol if you say HOT they will make it HOT for you. Don't try to wear the Daddy pants if you don't have a belt if ya' know what I mean.2.  Even though the service has been much better recently I still recommend letting your server know if you are on a tight time schedule. They will do their best to accommodate you.Thank you Komol for the 20 years of flavorful dishes you have made for me and all of the memories I've made around your dinner tables.
3	Pineapple fried rice and papaya salad.  I'm really not a big fan of the latter and half of it was nothing but a big chopped off chunk of totally raw supermarket cabbage.  The former was pretty good, though it tasted as tho it may have been  flavored with ketchup.  2 1/2 rounded up to 3.
5	This was my second time here and it was just as good as the first.  I brought some friends who are Thai food junkies and they were very impressed.  Food was fantastic, service a little slow but we were too busy talking to really care.  Everyone always says this is a hard place to find.  not so.  From the strip go East on Sahara about 1.5 miles to commerce center road take a right into the center and on the left hand side of the square look for the lime green painted building.  I hand the Chicken Panang, and the Tom Yum soup and of course the sticky rice with mango.  My first Thai Tea which was great.  take the time and get off the strip and eat here you will be happy you did.
3	On my quest to find the best Thai food in Vegas, Komol is taken out of the race. LOCATION: Yes, Komol lies in the same shopping center as the Green Door. The Commercial Center has all the characteristics of a shady place. Its old, a little dirty, and you'll likely pass a few hobos. But hey, there's a few good places to grab a bite. FOOD: What strays me away is the wild inconsistencies between visits. Sometimes its good, sometimes its great, and sometimes I'm left disappointed. The stir-fry's usually come out quite good here. The usual Pad Prik King and Chili Mint Beef have never led me astray. But I must suggest to steer clear of the Yellow Curry. I believe the cooks are confused whether or not its a sweet curry or a savory curry. Its different every time. On occasion, I'll order a Pad Thai. Despite being a generic Thai dish, there are quite a lot of components involved in preparing the seasoning. A heavy hand on the tamarind or fish sauce WILL be noticed. The flavor varies visit to visit so I can't say I love it 100% of the time.SERVICE: The servers have always been really nice. The young man who usually waits on us is seriously one of the nicest most genuine servers I've ever met. But I'm not sure if they're understaffed or just relaxed.  When it comes to food, patience isn't my strong suit. Whether the restaurant is full or nearly empty, it takes forever to get our first plate. Entrees never arrive together and at times its hard to distinguish whether they forgot our order or its just coming out slow. Also, they're a little stingy on the napkins; request a couple extra before your food arrives. Komol has one of the largest, heaviest menus I've ever seen. Real talk, it is really heavy! A few pages of food are sandwiched between big chunks of wood. But what they gain in variety, they lose in quality.
5	amazing! though the service is kind of slow, it's worth the wait.  Wish they'd open one in Denver, CO!
5	This truly is a hidden gem. I have been eating at this restaurant for 20 years and the food is consistently delicious. The tom yum soup is the perfect combination of hot and sour. The pad kee mao is one of my favorite noodle dishes there. It is a must-try. The chicken chili mint is probably the best I have ever had. They make it with ground meat of your choice so every bite is infused with flavor and spices. The chef's special is also a favorite and I highly recommend it to anyone. One of the least recognized items on the menu is the house special omelet. The name and menu description does the dish NO justice. It is to DIE for. The curries are all great, however, if you like a thicker curry, you will have to let them know as the standard at Komol is the runnier version, with exception of the panang curry. You can order the food pretty spicy. They go from 1-10, with 10 being pretty hot and then superhot levels 1-5. If you love thai food, this place is a MUST MUST MUST!
2	Herbal salad and soft shell crab are tasty. The pad thai was very...wet?! It's such a basic dish, I'm surprised they could mess this up. Service is so slow I wanted to leave. Will not try again.
4	Holy cow, this place is good.  My boyfriend and I had wrote down the address as a place to go in Las Vegas, and when the GPS brought us here, we almost didn't get out of the car!  The strip mall is shady looking, but have no fear, the food is amazing!  The staff was helpful, and the service was prompt.  If I lived in Las Vegas, I think I would become a regular here.  Everything was amazing!
4	I haven't been here in about 10 years! This place has changed so much. I love it though. I trusted all the Yelp reviews and tried the Herbal Salad. You know, I'm Thai so I was like what is this crap?! I speak Thai! Totally kidding, sort of. It was good, except there was way too much shredded coconut. Other than that, I liked it. I felt really bad for the server though because my family was harsh and he seemed like he was the only one there. My family, although I love them, does not know how to act properly in a restaurant. I seriously think that they like torturing the workers with ridiculous requests sometimes. Anyways, the food was good and I will definitely be back for more. I was a little disappointed that they didn't have the lemongrass juice though. Eh, whatever.
5	All of the Thai restaurants I've ever tried in America all share something in common: the food can range from disgusting to delicious, but it never tasted truly authentic. It was missing this quality that I can't put my finger on that I had in all the dishes when I was in Thailand. Thai food in America is all very saucy, pungent, and overpowering -- which, don't get me wrong, can be INCREDIBLE sometimes. But the beauty of the Thai food in Thailand is that it's not very saucy, pungent, and overpowering, but still maintains this tastiness that I've never experienced in America.Until now. Komol Restaurant is the most authentic Thai restaurant that I've ever had in America. Just take their Pad Thai for example -- it's probably less saucy and orange-colored than you're used to. The Pad Thai flavor isn't as strong, but for some reason, each bite releases a delicious taste that isn't like the overpowering and sweet Pad Thai that you're used to in America. Even the Pad See Ewe, which is usually dark brown because of the overuse of soy sauce, has a lighter hue at Komol, but still packs in all of the unique flavor that Pad See Ewe should have.The Herbal Salad, which is highly reviewed on Yelp, was good, but a little too pungent. It's like your typical Rainbow or Tea Leaf Salad at your local Burmese joint, but with way too many overpowering flavors.The curries (Panang and Masamun) are both delicious, but these are more standard tastes that are pretty much the same in Thailand and in America.Also, they make an excellent Thai iced tea.I don't want to sound like a Thai food snob or connoisseur. It's very likely that I have no idea what I'm talking about. But I love Thai food and I love the Thai food I had when I was in Thailand. I'm not a professional -- just speaking from personal experience, and this is what I know to be true for myself. What I know to be true now is that you're not going to get a more authentic Thai food experience than at Komol.
4	"Lemongrass, tofu, garlic, onions, green onions, basil, cashews, apples, carrots, coconut mixed with hot pepper and lime juices".  Mmmmmmm. This flavorful concoction is the Herbal Salad.  I would become vegan if I could eat this every day...for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. 5 Yelp Stars just for this dish. I am so glad that Lotus of Siam had an hour long wait when I stopped by last Saturday because I remembered that Komol was in the same lot and headed over there instead.  And what a blessing because I have found my new favorite dish in the Herbal Salad. The other items that we ordered were also delicious and comparable to other Thai restaurants. I would be happy to order them again: beef green curry, chicken fried rice, and chicken larb. I will probably skip the combination vegetarian appetizer and Lad-Na with pork next time (and there will be a next time). The menu is so extensive that there are other dishes I want to try anyways.  Their menu is no joke, weighing in at 5 pounds.  I can't wait to return. The service was very friendly and attentive.  Although my 3 year old daughter's wish for fried ice cream were crushed because they had run out, she was equally satisfied with a scoop of mango ice cream.
4	I really liked the large menu variety and all of the vegetarian food but unfortunately my carnivorous husband did not enjoy this place very well. Cozy little place.
5	Hands down my favorite Thai place whenever I visit my hometown, Las Vegas. The spring rolls are awesome and the Sukiyaki Noodles are the best I've had.
4	I found this place on Yelp. I have to say I am a big fan of the herbal salad and vegetable pad thai. They a huge selection of vegan options and their desserts are delicious. The food is good and the prices are reasonable.
4	When you pull into the shopping center, don't immediately abort.  Everything in you will tell you to abort, you must fight it.  Komol is on the eastern side of the shopping center.  Just pretend you didn't see all the sketchy other stuff, and head inside.You can get soy chicken, soy duck, soy shrimp...maybe soy beef (?) instead of meat for anything.I got the orange soy chicken.  It was great.  They didn't over-sauce it.  The chicken came in stick-like form.  Sounds weird, but it was good, and made for easy eating-with-my-hands.  I want to try the orange soy duck next time.I also tried my old man's vegetable panang curry.  Normally, I HATE curry.  Even the curry that you say "oh my god, this is the best curry, you have to try it!" I will hate.  However, I had just finished a soccer tournament and was dying of starvation.  Something about that made me want to try the curry, even though I was expecting to hate it.  But, alas, I liked this curry!  I wouldn't want to eat an entire order of it (note: I HATE curry), but I did supplement my orange soy chicken with a few bites of the curry and it was really good.So, if you like curry, it is probably awesome here.Great choice for vegetarians, I'd definitely go back.
5	No matter what you hear, you will think you are in the wrong area when you pull into this weird abandoned-looking shopping center.  You are most definitely in the right place.  The friendly staff quickly greeted my gf and I and seated us in the slightly small restaurant.  The menu covers are made of big slabs of wood.  I got the veggie panang curry, extra spicy.  It was one of the best curries I have ever had.  Very creamy and coconutty, well seasoned, nicely aromatic, not too oily.  The portions are nice and big and so I took some home and it was even better two days later.  My gf got soy orange chicken.  It comes with these strips of 'chicken' about 2-3 inches long by only about 1/8 inch in width (squared).  So basically chicken sticks?  The orange sauce that it comes with is delicious and it isn't slathering the chicken like some places do.  Instead it is more of a subtle glaze that goes great with the crispy little chicken strips.I will gladly come here every time I am in Vegas and try something new each time.  I'll likely never get to try their desserts though since Luv It is so close by.
5	This is my favorite Thai place. Their peanut sauce, mushroom tom kha soup, chili mint beef, and pad thai are the best. I ALWAYS get take-out because the place itself isn't great. The lack windows and dated interior keep me from ever wanting to eat inside.
4	Honestly speaking, Komol being just around the corner from The Green Door kinda turned us off - Hey, if your thing is the Green Door - more power to you - but the thought of The Green Door and chowing down just don't seem to go hand in hand to me.....Anyways, on to the food-Yum, Yum, Yum - the Chicken Red Curry with Zucchini, bamboo shoots and basil was so darn yummy - awesome creaminess and oh so flavorable - now I understand the love for Komol Curry from everyone - Damn, just looking at my picture makes me want somemore..... *** Just wish they used white meat chicken - FYI - I'd pay a little extra ***The Orange Beef was yummy too in the beginning of our meal however, towards the end of our meal the beef pieces just started to taste like candy and some beef pieces had too much flour on it - other than that the taste is good but the coating of the flour needs to be done more evenly cause some pieces had too much and other pieces were just right....The 2 dishes that didn't blow us away flavor wise was theveggie  eggrolls- ugh, the eggrolls tasted pretty standard and the Pad Kee Mao with shrimp which is flat rice noodles,basil leaves,garlic and hot peppers- I think the cook forgot the hot peppers cause now that I remember and after looking at my pics I saw no hot peppers but this dish needs to upgrade on the flavor...Looking from the outside we were kind of hesitant to go in but once you walk in and sit down you start to notice how nice and semi elegant it can be. Semi-Elegent meaning a nice place for a date or a family dinner- The Physical Menu is hellah cool - it's made of heavy wood with a carving in the front.I do plan on coming back again for the yummy ass red curry - DAMN!!!
5	Best Thai in Las Vegas! Best FOOD in Vegas even. :) Just had the Indian Chicken Curry and I could not put my fork down. Also love the Laap Kai, and Tom Kha Soup. This food is straight from the gods, absolutely heavenly. Great prices and atmosphere, plenty of vegan options. And the servers do NOT wear those Thai outfits which honestly, always makes me feel a little uncomfortable. This place is my go-to for any and all occassions. They also have a very refreshing coconut ice cream. I love making any excuse to come here for a meal, yum!I've had it during the day and evening and I think I definitely prefer the food during the evening. Maybe it's a different cook, I don't know, but it's always had more of a special kick to it during the evening. I also hear that the owner gets his recipes from his sister in Thailand who he still visits so it's pretty authentic.
4	Please know if you're following Google maps, this place isn't located along the strip mall facing Sahara. There's an entranceway to the shops in the BACK in order to get there. I spent 10 minutes trying to figure this out. The area is obviously one of the older areas of Las Vegas when it comes to strip malls, so you're going to be put off at first on location. Once you get inside, the scenery is a little more appealing than what's outside. Came for lunch, there was barely anyone there and we got seated fast. The menus are made out of wood, and is huge! There's a number of items you can choose from, and there are meat dishes for those who aren't part of the vegetarian/vegan lifestyle. We ordered the fried egg rolls, which were a little smaller than expected. I felt for the time we were there with barely any people there, our food took longer than expected to arrive, but I figured in preparation it was well worth the wait.We ordered the orange tofu, vegetarian pad thai, and a vegetable rice dish our server suggested to try. Everything was outstanding, and there were so much leftovers my friend and I both left with a full box for takeout! Service was great, my water was constantly refilled and the server was kind to answer any questions about the menu.Eager to return to try more vegetarian/vegan options out. Komol truly gives the definition of a great hole in the wall restaurant in Vegas.
5	Be sure to get their Indian Curry. You won't be disappointed.
4	Coming from Seattle where Thai restaurants are plentiful (I have five in my iPhone contacts) a four star is very good for me.  Tom Kha is fabulous and well balanced; I prefer it without meat but even with chicken it stays light despite the generous portion of white meat. The service is great and they have an assortment of vegetarian friendly options. The pad Thai is nothing fancy but not in a bad way, just unpretentious.  Very filling and homey comfort food, like the Thai version of Mac and cheese :) Portions are great for the price which is almost too bad because I never have room for mango and sticky rice for dessert!
2	I grew up in Asia so I am spoilt with the best Asian food. Decided to try this place because of the good reviews on yelp. Ordered Pad Thai with shrimp, soft shell crab and pad kee Mao.Took one bite of pad Thai and it pisses me off. They can't even do such a simple generic Thai dish right! Soft shell crab is super oily and tasteless, don't know why they put it on the menu board? The pad kee Mao is oily but tasty. I will not be going back. To be considered in my book of good eats, the restaurant needs to be consistently good every time I visit. This is not such a restaurant. Maybe we went on a day when the chef is depressed... Lotus of Siam is way better.
5	It's become tradition to come here for lunch whenever we're in town. I haven't settled on a favorite main dish but the mushroom Tom Kha is the best I've had. Service is hit or miss (though to be fair we always come with over 10 people) but this most recent time was a definite hit. The tofu has always been cooked perfectly in our dishes and the spices are perfect... speaking of spicy, I highly recommend the spicy salad.
5	One of the best Thai restaurants I have ever eaten at, and then to top it off it has a full Vegetarian/Vegan menu. I was recommended this place by a friend who had grown up in Vegas and everyone in our group of 5 was in love. The only thing that went wrong was that they use non-dairy creamer as a milk substitute in their Thai Iced Teas, which is in fact NOT vegan, but I had them substitute coconut milk. Problem solved.
5	I love this as well as my husband. I was super sad when Long life vegie closed. but very excited to try this place out and be very please with their vegan options. Their veggie fried rice is super yummy.
3	Liked this place.  Good service and yummy chicken panang.  Extensive menu and good lunch specials averaging $7 - $8.  Would definitely go back.
4	Love this place. It doesn't always get the respect it deserves being directly across the parking lot from Lotus. Consistently delicious and staff has always been great. I stick with the classics. Thai beef salad, Tom ka soup (my favorite item), panang curry and Pad thai. Always leave full and happy.
4	Komol is a very pleasant surprise. After having had a 1 Star experience at their "competition" across the parking lot, http://www.yelp.com/biz/lotus-of-siam-las-vegas#hrid:6GTNdkYG2IS3vsXmOQQ-mA several people especially the awesome Jessie B. suggested I give Komol a try. This place may be less than 200 feet away from LOS but once you step inside the doors it's a whole other world away. It begins with service with a smile, prompt attention, and takes off from there. Decor wise it's a modest place, with some different twists such as the wooden covered menus, and the plates with Komol's name printed on them. But all that is window dressing for why we all come here. It's all about the food. I am glad to report what others are saying: Thai food is alive and well at Komol. For my first visit I went conservative with a lunch special of Chili Mint chicken, an egg roll, and eggflower soup. The soup had a few too many peas in it for me. (I had too many peas as a kid, the curses of growing up on a farm with a large garden that overproduced everything). But fresh peas aside it was ok. The egg roll came out on a tray with spicy mustard and a dipping sauce ready to go. Didn't have to ask for it which is good. And as for the Chili Mint? Spot on. Not quite as hot as I wanted but I've learned to respect the heat. I'll get their heat figured out soon enough. So will I go back? Absolutely. I'm so thankful to my Yelp friends for turning me on to Komol. But I gotta mention one more thing. Their menu is vast. Pick up a to-go menu and open it up. The reaction when I took it back to work with me was Damn! they have a lot of stuff to try! Not that I'm complaining, not at all!  Komol, welcome to my regular lunch rotation. While Penn's Thai House is still my best of Vegas, when I cant get to Hendertucky Komol will do just fine. This is the beginning of a spicy, tasty, long term relationship.Edit: One more thing. They advised me I could call in my order ahead of time if I had a tight lunch schedule, made sure I grabbed a card with their number, and just treated me right. Even if the food sucked I can't ignore good service and with the food being good...yeah, I can't wait to go back.
3	My second visit was a flavorless one save for the Thai Iced Tea and the egg roll. My Kung Pao Chicken was blah, and my egg drop soup was tomato orange. It looked weird, I've had a lot of this soup nationwide and this was the first orange variation I've seen. And today service was slow. 44 min from walking in the door until I left, not cool for those with a tight schedule. I want my first time experience back, I left hungry and left food on my plate which is rare.
5	Within 8mins the salad & soup came.  I have curry peanut salad, it's good. 12 minutes for entree, I ordered tofu chili mint, ...awesome!! Taste like home!. I would like to come back again!
4	The service was a bit off, but otherwise the food was so tasty that it didn't matter. We had lunch specials, both very tasty and affordably-priced. SUPER vegetarian friendly with tons of options, including tofu or wheat gluten. A bit hard to find in this parking lot with multiple strip malls, but just keep driving around in there and you'll find it.
5	This place is worth the trip into an area off the beaten path for tourists. The food is such great quality! LARGE menu for vegetarians and vegans. I can't stress how much of a pleasure it was to eat there. These are some great Thai recipes that are familiar but definitely all their own twist to them. Each bite was delicious. I found it through yelp and it was such a successful venture that I am a firm believer in its powers haha...Which is why I am passing on the favor of a positive review so others may find it. And since it's so far from the strip and a few miles from the Freemont Experience, we felt lucky to find it. Our waiter was fantastic and his recommendations were perfect. We had the Herbal Salad, which is "yelpers" favorite, as we learned from the waiter. It is incredible! So many flavors with great textures! I just remember the crunch of crisp apples, shredded coconut, lemongrass, and cashew nuts. Wish I could make it at home. Another highlight was the mushroom thom kha spiced up and their own coconut sorbet. Best meal in vegas by far. Hope you have a chance to get there. Everything was great, the staff are very friendly and so helpful! And in the tradition of Thai cuisine, large portions and great prices for each dish! Happy eats!
5	I'm proud to say that I've been going to Komol since 1996 and I'm positive this is the best vegetarian thai joint in Las Vegas! Not only that, I suspect it mat be the greatest thai joint in all the world if you order your food appropriately! You should also be aware that Komol exists in a time warp and you should only go there when you are ready to patiently await the amazing treats that await you. Here is what you should order...Vegetarian Panang add tofu... The greatest Panang in the world and I've had a lot of Panang in my day!Mushroom Tom KhaPineapple Fried RiceIndian Curry, Yellow with Potatoes... SO delicuos to mix with your Panang!Soy Nuggets... Like Chicken Mcnuggets, but not nasty! They are delicous and served with Hot Mustard and Sweet Sauce.Lad Na... for a tasty noodle dish!The Barramundi Panang is awesome as well if you're feeling like a little fish in the diet!   If you listen to me here, you can't go wrong! This is the truth, the light, and the way!
5	Food is amazing. Wonderful vegetarian selection. I came here solely because of the huge vegetarian selection. So many choices I couldnt decide. The service was less than attentive but I think this is sort of a typical thing to expect at a restaurant in this genre. The food more than made of for the flighty service and short wait. The herbal salad had such an intense burst of flavor in every bite that I often had to pause and chew a few extra times to enjoy the bite. Cant wait to go back and try a few more vege dishes.
4	I am a HUGE fan of Komol. I've had Thai food all over the world (even Thailand) and still Komol gets my vote. The only reason I don't give them 5 stars is because the service is a little slow. But if you are meeting up with friends and enjoy a little extra time to talk.. KOMOL is the best Thai in town and quite possibly, the world. : )
5	I had a very pleasant experience at Komol. I loved their springrolls, Im not vegetarian or anything, but it was a pleasant surprise to find there was no meat in them. To be honest, its been a few months since my last visit, so aside from the springrolls and delicious Tom Yum soup, I cant remember the name of the noodle dish we ordered. I just remember that it was good, and that I had cravings to go back the next day. Oh, just be careful with their spicy meter, let them know what you are aiming for and have them suggest a number. :)
5	I love Komol. Every time someone asks me where to go for Thai, it's first on my list. My usual is the eggplant in black bean sauce, and the soy duck panang. Yellow curry is good too, so is the herb salad, and the orange tofu... Overall, they are probably some of the best dishes I've had in this city. Service is usually great, and even though there can occasionally be a bit of a wait during peak hours, it's worth it. If you are vegan or vegetarian, make sure you are VERY specific about getting meat substitutes. The last three times I've been there I was given real duck in my panang, and orange chicken instead of orange tofu. I'll keep going back because I could never give up on something as delicious as Komol, I'll just make extra sure I order veggies instead of fake meats.
5	Thank you Yelp for helping me realize there were restaurants not called Lotus of Siam or Namaste in the Sahara Pavilion.   Thank you again for giving me the blueprint to ordering what I ultimately ordered from the giant encyclopedia set that apparently is the menu that they present to you at Komol.  "I don't see the herbal salad"   "Oh, check the Vegetarian section, page 23 on volume 2" We started with the Yelp heralded Herbal salad and got it brought to the table sort of as an appetizer.   One of my favorite new dishes of 2012 by far.  Yes, a dish consisting of fruits, veggies, tofu, cashews is one of the best new things I've eaten in the last 8 months.  This should be the moment I just bow out of the whole Yelping experience altogether.  DO YOU REALIZE HOW MANY BEEF AND PORK DISHES I'VE EATEN DURING THIS TIME SPAN?   Okay, settling down.   So yeah, Herbal Salad: freaking amazing.  Next.   Vegetarian Pad Thai (Tofu).   Enjoyed the flavor on this, but it didn't really seem any different than other versions I've had.  Still worth ordering if you're a big fan of Pad Thai I guess, as I usually am not.   Then we had the Chili Mint Chicken, which I liked a lot.  Ground up chicken sauteed with garlic. hot peppers and basil.  Pretty standard fare for a thai restaurant, but done exceptionally well.  Lastly I had to try the much raved about Panang Curry with beef.   I was actually slightly disappointed in this considering due to reviews I was expecting angels to descend through the ceiling and bless my lips and tongue after each bite.  That being said, it was delicious even sans angels.  It had a smokier flavor than I'm used to having from pretty much any curry I've ever had.  I appreciated the large bowl of sticky rice they also provided the table which was great at soaking up the curry and whatever other juices or bits and pieces the other dishes left on the plate.  The only item I didn't enjoy was the non-dairy coconut ice cream I ordered at the end.  I didn't really expect it to be good because let's be honest, non-dairy ice cream just by principle isn't right.   The flavor was okay on it but texture-wise I wasn't a fan.   Little chunks of coconut were present and the overall texture was almost grainy, not smooth.   With so many amazing entree plates preceding it, I didn't really mind this mild disappointment.
5	Our go to Thai in town. Great joint. Herbal salad, Thom Gai and duck curry are our standards here. Worth the visit every time.
4	It's hard to get great thai food in vegas as we have a lot of good options. Komol however, stand out above the rest. They have a lot of vegetarian options and the servers really work with you to decide what would be best. I definitely recommend the papaya salad, it's delicious! Many more vegetarian options can be found on page 23 and do not hesitate to ask questions!
5	In 2 months since my last review Komol's been on my regular lunch rotation. Once a week minimum, sometimes twice a week. It's consistently good across the board from speed of service to the quality of the food. When nothing else sounds good Chili Mint Chicken always seems to do the trick, and their speed at getting me in and out helps on hectic days. 5 Stars. While I still think Penn's Thai House is as good as it gets in Vegas, having Komol close by for lunch pretty much always gives me a fail-safe lunch option.Edit: After trying their competition across the parking lot, I realized that I had graded Komol wrong. 5 Stars. Earned by the following: Speed, value, price, service with a smile, menu offerings, and if you want it hot, they don't do the "dumb American doesn't know heat" approach and tame your plate, and frankly they just take care of you from start to finish.
5	Another brilliant meal at Komol.  I live three hours away and I am always thinking of reasons to go to LV to eat at Komol.  The food is beyond great, all the way to fabulous.  The family is sweet and kind and attentive without being over-bearing.  The music is restorative and gentle.  All together a great experience.  I will be back in two weeks.
2	Jinxed again. Less than a week after I bump them up I have to knock them down. Panang Curry is the culprit this time. When I order Chili Mint Chicken all the time I get asked if I'm ever going to try the curry. Try the curry, try the curry, are you ever going to try the curry?  So today I try the vaunted curry and I tell my waitresss medium heat for it. Yawn! Blah. Snooze. It's got no heat at all, and frankly it was disappointing compared to Panang Curry I've had elsewhere and no I'm not talking about Penn's manna from heaven offerings that no others can hope to compare to.... And to top it off the waitress who knows me well and who I always leave a 25% tip for left me sitting there waiting on my check when I told her I was short on time and she looks right at me and my finished plate and goes right on by me. Normally service is good just like the food. Today must have been an off day. I ended up walking up front and asking for my check and I really, really, REALLY hate to have to do that. Oh and they seriously need to change the background music so that I don't hear "Bridge over troubled water" every single time I go in there. Thankfully the awesome Jaime W. has suggested other places I can try for lunch that are close by so Komol, you are going to be scaled back on my lunch rotation for a bit. The Star drop is harsh but I am not happy and the count reflects it.
4	Chili Mint Chicken when you're in a hurry covers a multitude of sins, and a bad experience earlier in the week was forgotten as the spices made all bad thoughts disappear. However after I finished eating several of the tables around me were complaining about slow service so the incident I had earlier was not a fluke. Part of this problem is because their business volume is growing. They make good food especially compared to what LOS is cranking out across the parking lot. So they're having growing pains of sorts. I can't be too negative on a family owned business where the staff is busting their derrieres to keep up. Back to 4 Stars. Plus they are close by and when speed is what I need for lunch, they're on the shortlist of sit down places that usually gets me in, out, and on with my day.
5	Ok, so shortly after writting my review, I had a craving for thai and decided to do Komol for take out. De-li-cious. We had the papaya salad, herb salad and chilli mint chicken, along with some fresh springrolls and some mango sticky rice. Both the Herb and the Papaya salad became my favorites, especially the herb salad!  Yummy deliciousness, its crunchy, herby, and slighty sweet with layers of flavors.Later on, my we all went to komol as a big group for my sisters birthday, and caused chaos in the restaurant with 8 adults, two 5-6 year olds and two toddlers.  However, they were very patient with us, and were very courteous. Great food and good service, I will definitely be back, and sometime soon, because I have a papaya salad craving. :)
3	First time here and definitely be my last. i came here base on yelp review so i decided to give it a try im rating this base on the service food was good but quanity was little for the price, we ordered our food four simple dish we got two fried rice,green curry and chicken labb took them over 40 min just to get our food, i guess they were too busy trying to be all fancy instead of worrying bout getting the food to their customer . Plus one more thing their menu is ridiculous they have a wooden menu that takes up half of the table heavy to hold up better off with a laminated menu like most places.
4	Authentic Thai food and decent prices.  The neighborhood sucks, but you didn't come here to look out the window.Service was pretty good.  A few times I had to ask for more water, but the night was busy, and I drink like a fish since I ask for 10/10 thai spicy'ness.I ordered the pad kapao and pad see ew, both were very good and had tons of flavor, but pretty heavy with the oils.  I am used to eating at Krung Thai now, which is a lot more "clean" vs Komol and Ocha being more "authentic" and oily.  I do prefer Komol's over Ocha if you were wondering.We also ordered a fried rice, and it was very good.  Next time I come, I will try some Panang Curry since I missed out this run.  Hopefully, you can't go wrong with this place!Overall, I will definitely be back.  If you are on this side of town and craving great authentic Thai, give this place a shot!
5	I am really excited about this place! Even better than Lotus of Siam. The pad thai and tom yum were delicious, there were tons of vegan and vegetartian options, and the service was fast, friendly and personal: the staff even remembered my friend that hadn't been in since January!  Hands down, best thai food in Vegas.
5	Awesome taste. Best thai food ever had. Penang Chicken and Chilli Mint Chicken are BEST bets :)
5	This is the best Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. I know it's in the same plaza as Lotus and many people like it, but Komol is my kind of place. They recognize regulars, serve some of the most amazing traditional Thai dishes and you really can't beat their prices. If you have veg friends, this is the place!
5	When in Vegas and especially staying around the North Strip, make the trip off the strip to Komol.  Some of the best Thai food I have ever had, particularly the absolutely delicious Panang Chicken and Chili Mint Pork.  Even better is the fantastic service - they treat you like a valued friend rather than a one-time visitor - possibly a function of being off the strip a ways.
5	For my money, it's the best Thai in Las Vegas and they can bring the heat if you like spice.  Herbal salad, massaman curry, and pad thai . . . oh my.  Komol is the rare restaurant offering delicious options for the meat eater, the vegetarian, and the vegan.  The cooks prepare the chicken, steak, ground beef, tofu, and vegetables perfectly.  I have yet to have a bad meal here.And Komol sets itself apart from the general Thai restaurant in Vegas by offering numerous curry options, including meals feature a "dry curry".  While most Thai places in town will only offer a coconut milk-based curry dish, Komol has several dishes based around dry curries (where the curry powder is cooked into the ingredients, rather than into milk-based sauce).  Delicious, but careful.  It can really kick up the spice.Highlights: Herbal salad (apple, carrot, coconut, cashews, basil, crispy tofu, lemongrass, and a spicy lime dressing) -- freakin' awesomePanang curry -- solid curry dishPad Thai -- perfect noodles, rich sauceMassaman curry -- nailed it.  Awesome.
5	This will be my birthday dinner spot in November. I have not been here for a bit but the memory of my last visit makes my mouth water. Thai cuisine has always been one of my favorite dishes going back nearly forty five years and though the location isn't the greatest as soon as I sit at the table I forget all else.4.5 stars for a pleasant experience.
5	I should preface this by saying that I'm Thai and I've been to a gazillion Thai restaurants.  This place has to be one of the best I've ever been to, and it was in Vegas of all places??  If it wasn't for yelp and having a vegan friend in company, I probably would have never stumbled upon this place. From the moment we walked in, we were immediately greeted with a friendly smile from who I assumed to be the owner.  Their customer service was EXCELLENT.  They gave recommendations to my friends who wanted something more beyond the overdone Pad Thai and Pad Se Ewe.  They came back to our table several times to make sure everything was perfect.  The food here is authentic and tastes like great home cookin.'  I'll be the first to admit that not all Asian/Thai restaurants are very friendly (or at least that's what I've encountered over the years) but Komol has great customer service and understands that being polite and cheerful with your customers really goes a long way.  Komol will now be my home away from home the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This is my new favorite Las Vegas eatery. It's in a CRAZY terrible looking neighborhood, and it was sort of hard for me to find, but it was totally worth it. The staff was super friendly and the service was speedy. The food is AWESOME. The vastness of the vegetarian options was sort of overwhelming - I decided on the panang curry, which was a favorite of mine in my meat-eating days and is hard to find veggie style. It was not disappointing. We also got the herbal salad, which my boyfriend seemed to like more than I did, and the tofu satee, which I've never seen before!I will definitely be visiting this place again soon.
5	I love Komol! I have eaten here on a regular basis since I moved to Las Vegas in 1997 and it still remains my favorite restaurant. A perfect retreat from sensory overload and a quiet place to catch up with a dear one. The service is attentive and unobtrusive and the bathrooms are clean.Of course the most important part, the food! Komol's vegetarian offerings have expanded over the years to include gluten and soy duck along with the tofu and mushroom options. Pretty much everything they have on the meat menu they have on the vegetarian menu. I try to get something different every time, but I have a weakness for fresh spring rolls in the summer and tom kha in the winter. This time I got the Hot and Spicy Vegetables with green curry and gluten. Delicious! I have enough left over for lunch today too.Their thai iced tea is delicious--if I ever save room for dessert I am totally going to thry their homemade thai iced tea ice cream.That other Thai restaurant in Commercial Center may get the press, but the locals know Komol's the best!
5	We tried this restaurant based on other yelp reviews...we were not disappointed! The food we ordered was incredible...pork satay, Indian chicken curry, Thai tea and coconut ice cream.  Service was amazing and we are big fans! We can't wait to go back again! Cha our server was a true delight.
5	this place is vegan paradise. super delicious, reasonably priced, friendly and helpful staff. ask for dutch. he'll take good care of you.i ordered the indian yellow curry and added soy chicken.. mouthgasms ensued. my friend ordered the vegetarian massaman, which was sweet and flavorable. we split the herbal salad and the vegetarian tod mun. both were delicious! i can't recommend this place enough! i wish they had one in santa cruz!
5	Simply, this is my favorite Thai place in Vegas and as a vegetarian, one of the best places for vegetarian delights. My favorite is a special order - Pineapple Fried Rice with basil and shrimp. YUM!!!! I also LOVE the Panang and the Yellow Curry. Extra friendly staff, great food and its off the beaten path, which is a cool thing in Vegas.
3	Came here after being told the wait at Lotus of Siam was 1-1.5 hours on a Saturday night.  So we went across the parking lot, waited about 15 minutes, and were seated.  The restaurant was packed, so I understood the service being a little slow.  We had to ask for hot tea about 3 times, and we finally received it toward the end of our meal.  We also got a side of sweet and sour sauce when I asked for the chili and hot sauces.  The chili sauce came toward the end of our meal, again, and when i took the lid off, they were pretty much empty.  I don't know if it's because I've been so spoiled by all the amazing authentic restaurants in Thai Town in LA, but the food here was mediocre.  The tom yum soup did not have as much flavor as other tom yums I've tried.  But the presentation was cool (see picture)!  Our group ordered 2 chicken pad thai dishes and both were super dry.  The best thing we ordered was the Panang curry.  It was spicy and had lots of flavor.  One thing that I really wanted to get if I wasn't so full by the end of the meal was the mango and sticky rice dessert.  Looked so good!  I'd probably say if you have the time and patience, wait for LOS.  It has to be better than Komol.
4	The food was delocious and the service was great
5	super delicious!  great selection for vegetarians.  best thai food i've had in vegas.the herbal salad was so good - never had anything like it before!  got a tofu/stir-fry dish that was tasty too - but the salad was the best!  good level of spiciness (1-10 scale) - i like my thai food hot!ready on time & reasonably priced.  i got take-out so can't speak to the restaurant experience - but it looked fairly busy and smelled deeeelish!
4	After 7 yrs in Vegas I'll admit I've strayed from my previous CA vegan(ish) lifestyle/diet. My initial visit to Komol was very refreshing for me, helping me to realize what I was previously accustomed to and satisfied with. Hats off to Komol, I'm back on track.... sort of.
5	This hole-in-wall spot gets five stars from me because they're tasty, affordable, and  give you a hefty portion of food for a great price. Mainly, I'm talking about their lunch menu. Not only is your main course gargantuas but you get soup and an egg roll too! Hellz yes!  I'm that easy to be won over but the added bonuses aren't all that I love from this place. Comparing Kohmol's lunch menu to anywhere else, these guys provide you with a wide selection for vegetarians and the normal carnivore eater.  Service is some times slow but always genuine and friendly. I've had the pangang tofu and spicy eggplant dishes. Both were excellent and flavorful. As far as prices, deliciousness, and portions are concerned, this is the place that has me at lunch specials.
3	Off the beaten path in Vegas in a slightly abandoned strip mall sits Komol. Using my trusty Yelp app, i found this restaurant for lunch. Once inside, we found a small jam packed restaurant and had to wait for about 20 minutes before we were seated. The food was good, but I wasn't extremely impressed. I might be biased because we have amazing thai food in LA. I loved the fact that it wasn't on the strip and the prices were reasonable, and the portions generous. However, the overall quality didn't compete with the Thai food I am used to back home.....
3	Honestly I would expect more out of such a highly rated restaurant AND a Zagat restaurant as well. I think the night we came was jinxed or something because my experience here for a friend's birthday was not terribly good.For starters we had a party of 6, which increased to 7 unexpectedly, but it was fine, we all just squished a bit closer to each other. The restaurant did have a table set up for our reservation when we arrived, so that was a good start. The ambiance of the restaurant is relaxing and the noise level while we were there was perfect. In fact, I think we were probably the loudest out of the whole place.Service - It was all over the place. We had two people taking our orders and I think that is where things got weird. We had a friend who came, but needed to leave early so she ordered her food before the rest of our part had even arrived AND she ordered it to go. Somehow between our two servers that was turned into "She wants an order of shrimp chow mein AND an order of shrimp chow mein TO GO". Luckily we were able to nip this mistake before it actually happened. And although our servers were attentive, the service was S-L-O-W. As in plates of food came out one or two at a time and there was big chunks of wait time in between people's food arriving. It's one of my biggest pet peeves when a restaurant cannot get a whole party's food out in a decent amount of time. Members of our party sat without food for a good 7 to 8 minutes while others were almost halfway through their own plates. Food - I had the Kang-Ped Delight with Beef (err, actually with 5 pieces of beef). Although it was really good, I did enjoy it, I was missing the beef! The curry was spot on and their rice was sticky yummy. As always I also had a Thai iced tea and theirs is spot on. Creamy and milky, yet refreshing and served in a very cute glass. I also sampled from the "Combo Appetizer Plate" that our group got. I had the BBQ pork, very good; and an egg roll - also good, especially dipped in spicy mustard! We all also shared the fried eggplant, which I felt was okay, nothing special. The ice cream served for my friend's birthday was kind of funky, and I felt as though it was freezer burned. Meh. Overall - Honest to goodness I don't think I'll be coming back. The lackadaisical service to my friend's birthday party was pretty off-putting. Maybe they're just not good with big groups? I have no idea. BUT I can get Thai food at a lot of places in Vegas closer to my house. So, unless I'm *invited* to Komol again I doubt I will return.
4	I've been here twice - and on two visits, ordered two dishes - one of which was a best-of-breed example of panang curry, the other was such a disappointing rendition of basil fried rice that I actually sent it back, which I almost never do with any food dish. I think that's more a reflection of personal preferences vis-a-vis that dish rather than a reflection of restaurant quality. Not holding it against them for the purposes of this review, and will likely reserve my final judgment until further meals. This review will be revisited once I've made a few more trips here. I was going to give it a provisional three-star rating but bumped it up to four because their vegetarian and vegan selection is staggering, and their menu on the whole is just as expansive as Lotus of Siam, the legendary Thai spot just across the parking lot.
5	To die for Thai food!The best I've had so far.. good on the wallet and taste buds! Loved it...
2	Before going to Komol Restaurant my level of expectation is quite high for the food and service.Why? Because it is highly rated restaurant and is recognised by The Las Vegas Weekly for one of the "Best Thai Cuisine" However, once I've tried I was quite disappointed with the restaurant food and service.First of all I have to say the restaurant has great selection of non-vegetarian and vegetarian dishes.The parking was very convenient.Their food display and garnishes were quite beautiful.The wooden carved menu was kind of pretty.The down side wss the location since it is located in an old complex(Commercial Centre) Anyway,my friends and I wasn't there to try their vegetarian menu.We were there to try the regular non-vegetarian dishes.FoodFirst,my friend started with Nua-Dad-Deaw(Beef Jerky) and Fish Cake, I order Pad-Kee-Mao seafood(Stirred-fried flat rice noodles with Garlic,Chilli and Basil leaves), and other friend of mine ordered Beef Musaman.We had been waiting for a long time for our food to come even though the restaurant wasn't busy at all that night. We were extremely hungry. When our appetisers arrived we were quite excited with the food displays and they looked enticing.Once my friend bit on the beef jerky,she said it was quite chewy so I tried.It was quite disappointed since the beef  was quite tough like my friend mentioned and it was not that flavourful,but sweet. Then I tried the fish cake,I thought it was a bit better than the jerky.The fish cake did satisfied my palate,but it didn't taste or look like the typical&traditional fish cake at all.When my Pad-Kee-Maw Seafood arrived it is way too oily.I know that stirred-fried noodles supposed to be oily but not that oily like this restaurant made..Anyway,it tasted kind of ok.I think it will be more delicious if the restaurant didn't make it so oily. The last dish was Beef Mussaman however we get the vegetarian version instead of Beef Mussaman that we've ordered.So my friend asked our waitress to take it back and fixed it in a polite a manner,the waitress was silent and had no response.She just pulled a face,lifted the dish up and walked away. We had been waiting for our Mussaman Beef to come,but the restaurant didn't fix it for us and our Mussaman Beef never come back to us. So we have to cancelled it. ServiceTerrible,terrible service!!!.Firstly,I spoke Thai to the waitress there,but she spoke English back to me which I found it was very rude of her to do so(I am Thai and she is Thai ) Secondly, the waitresses weren't attentive.They didn't ask us whether "is everything alright" They just walked pass our table a lot of time without asking anything.Either me or my friend had to call or grab them whenever we want more water or in need of something.OverallI don't know about other customers ,but my  friends and I didn't have a good experience when I visited this restaurant.The service was unexpectedly bad and the food were not that great. I found the service were unfriendly and inattentive.Common! for a the price that we paid,the products and service should have been better.We ended up paying more than $60 dollars and still hungry.I am not quite sure for the future return to Komol Restaurant.Like I said I have been to lots of Thai restaurants,some good some bad,but I would say Komol is one of the worst ones for both and service.Even though I perfectly understand that some Thai restaurants in the USA do not cook authentic Thai dishes,but how about the service???I am extremely surprised that this restaurant get a good review and 4 star rating.According to my experience it is worthed only 2 stars.
5	I like the orange tofu.This is their dessert menu...http://mono-via-stereo.com/junk/komol.jpg
5	Panang curry was exceptionally good (their signature dish. homemade recipe. superb!!), the best thai food I ever had.Fried Ice cream.. I cant stop talking about it. It is an ice cream ball covered with yummm sponge cake and fried crust topped off with whipped cream. MUST TRY! Huge menu options and we went 2 consecutive days fr Lunch and dinner!!Most of the items we had was pretty good!!!
3	We ended up at Komol because the Lotus of Siam was fully booked and Komol had some great Yelp reviews.  They had one great dish, a couple of good ones and a couple not so good.  First the great one...herbal salad.  You should definitely order this.  It's got a mix of apples, herbs, lemon grass and is a great mix of flavors.  Definitely my favorite plate of the night.  We also had garlic prawns and a soft shell crab appetizer which were both pretty good.  The prawns were a tad on the salty side but we had some rice to help off set it.  The lowlights would have to be the penang beef and the pad see ew noodles.  The penang curry was missing some flavor and the beef was tough.  The pad see ew were very bland.  I've better in many other places.  Would I go back?  Maybe if i couldn't get into Lotus of Siam.  I'm sure there's more dishes that are good here, but it may be a while before I go back to find them.
4	I'm glad I ended up here a second time.  There was nothing really off with my red curry with chicken but I had ordered medium heat and what I got was about a 2 compared to the Thai places I frequent in Phoenix.  The second visit I started to order the chef special curry and the waiter inquired as to my normal favorite Thai dishes and suggested I should really try the Panang curry which I had never had.  So I did.  And this time medium heat was 4.5 which is certainly close enough to 5.  Just different chefs in the same kitchen will quite often vary more than a full point.  I still think I like the thinner gravy to soak the rice in of the red curry, but I like them both.
4	We found ourselves on the east side and a yelp search revealed Komol. It was a great find! The herbal salad seemed to be a crowd pleaser so I had to give it a try. And you know what? It did not disappoint. This unique salad is sweet and savory, crisp and crunchy. It was a real surprise. I couldn't get enough of those tofu bites. The husband had the chili mint chicken. It was tasty but overshadowed by that herbal salad. We've never had anything quite like it.
4	Read the reviewson the wall while you wait! Hilarious.Ordered the Duck Rice, Pad Thai (5 was spicy, but enough), stuffed wings and chicken satays.Everything was absolutely delicious. And this was PLENTY of food for two people to share.The peanut sauce for the chicken satays was the best I have ever had :)Duck rice had HUGE chunks of duck in it (very visible, unlike my favorite delivery place Thai Style Noodle House)Pad thai, I thought was delicious, but my friend said his favorite spot Mr. Chop Chop does it better.Service was also very attentive and the meal came to around $50 for the both of us. Also would like to add that this place is way better than Lotus ;)
5	Best Thai food that I ever had! Since my friend had pretty much did all the ordering. I can not really remember what I had. But I can tell you this is the best Thai restaurant that I ever tried! Did I just said it twice?
2	Don't know what the hype was. The curry was very different. The service was awful.
4	Well well well...Lotus...You have a competitor!  I am sure they have been competitors for awhile, but I recently just discovered Komol restaurant and I am blown away by the flavor of the food!  I actually went twice in one week (seriously not planned) and both times the food has been great!  Service did lack a bit the second time, but the wait was worth it. Things my friends and I got: *Chili mint tofu with ground chicken - so flavorful!  MIx it with some fried rice, and this may be the only dish you need to order *Pad Kee Mao - this is my favorite dish in ANY thai restaurant.  Wide rice noodles, cooked in some flavorful thai sauce with chicken, vegetables.  Very yummy.  (Although still cannot compare to my favorite place in Seattle xD) *Herbal Salad - This type of salad was a first for me, especially in a thai restaurant.  It had a myriad of chopped veggies and apples, mixed in with lemon grass and a sweet spicy dressing.  Very refreshing and I promise you will not be disappointed...unless you are allergic to an item. ;-)  Also it is all vegetarian! *Beef Panang - Very good, but I wished they added some kind of vegetable to it, like string beans or something.  *Curry Fried Rice - amazingly flavorful!  Each bite was a mouthful of curry and I could not stop eating this! *Pad See Yew - Another great wide flat noodle dish.  Less spicy than Pad Kee Mao but just as or even MORE flavorful.  A must try!  *Green Curry - this was probably the only dish I was not a big fan of.  It was pretty bland, considering everything else was so tasty.  It may be that everything else was too flavorful that it washed out the flavorful of this particular dish....who knows.  I didn't really enjoy the ice cream served at this restaurant.  I wish it was more creamier.  The menu did state that it is home-made.  The thai tea ice cream flavor was there, but should be a bit creamier.  I will definitely be coming back here again!  Hopefully with more friends so I can order even more next time. =D
5	It truly is as good as it gets. It was the BEST thai food we had ever been to. We went for lunch one day and then went for dinner the very next day. Their highlights: The Panang curry is an absolute MUST! Apparently its home made and they grind the ingredients fresh. I dont know what magic it is but it is a must try.The chilli chicken mint( I think thats what it is).. Very different and deliciousFried ice cream: This is what made me drag my husband there the next day. Just thinking bt it makes my mouth water.The service is really good too. Its not just one waiter who attends your table, everyone takes care of you and checks up on you. We went over the christmas weekend and it was still easy to get tables. Really close to the strip too :)
5	My fiance and I went here on our last trip to Vegas and WOW- we both left saying it was the BEST Thai we had ever had! Everything was amazing, from the coconut soup to my Pad Thai, and the portions were generous enough that I had leftovers for the following day. We really, really enjoyed our dinner at Komol and will surely come back next time we're in town.They were pretty good with my food allergies, too. Luckily I know what questions to ask (is there soy sauce in this? is this made with milk or coconut milk?), but the waitress was helpful and made sure to write "no soy sauce" on my order just in case. My tummy and my taste buds left happy tonight, and that says a lot for someone with Celiac disease!
2	I am so sorry for the low rating , but my experience just fell short. Maybe it's because I was there before most of the workers, stalking the parking lot with great anticipation. I knew this was going to be an EPIC lunch! It was an EPIC fail.... My feelings were hurt :( I wanted the panang in the reviews. I wanted the pad thai gasm! I waited about 40 mins after placing the order for two lunch specials and that was fine.. Given I was extra early! But when I made it home, that's when the devastation hit! I wasn't given a delisicious velvety panang it was a grease bowl.  Man, it was just really greasy and seperated. No spice no flair. The pad thai had no flavor in fact it didn't even have one lick of flavor. Flavorlessnesss....hmmmmm... Oh that's it! The sever never asked me a spice level!!!! My earliness must have frazzled him! On a high note the peanut butter dressing on the salad was very good as was the soup!! That let's me know this place has great potential! Moral of the dramatic story! Give people a chance to warm up before going! I don't think I'd given them a ompletely fair shot, so I will return one day to try again.
5	I recently went on a date where the other person had some dietary restrictions. I was a little worried because I am a human garbage disposal. I eat everything. Sometimes you come across places that are vegetarian and it definitely feels like it is. As a person that enjoys meat, I did not miss it one bit when it came to Komol.The Vegetarian Platter: was a bountiful fest of lightly battered fried spinach, sweet potatoes, eggplant, and tofu. It reaffirms that you can fry anything and it would be amazing.The Chicken Noodle Soup: was just that. Nothing special, but it was welcomed on this cold day. No I am not talking about my experience on the date right now.The Herbal Salad: was everything everyone raves about and more. I loved the crispy fried tofu skins mixed in to give it more texture. The dish does not lack in that department or in flavor.The Vegetarian Delight Curry: was good. The eggplants, green beans, and tofu in a rich broth could have used more of a kick. We ordered it mild in case they actually went Asian hot on us. Instead it was definitely not made for someone who likes a kick.There was just so much food in the end. I am still in shock by the serving size here. The service was minimal, but since I was trying to get to know the person across from me, I was happy they only stopped by to drop my food and refill the waters.
5	Love This Place ..Been Going here for over 15 Years .!!!
4	The vegetarian meal combos are a great deal. ~$9 for a small appetizer (eg fried sweet potato or spring roll), cup of soup, and a main dish. Mine was a vegetable stir fry with all kinds of good stuff in it and a big side of rice. Delivery of the meals was on the slow side, but it looked like it was getting busy. Seemed like only one guy was serving the whole restaurant which meant I had to go ask for a check after we waited for 15 or 20 minutes. But all of the staff were very friendly. Don't be turned off by the less shiny/glitzy shopping plaza - Komol is a worthwhile stop.
5	Excellent food. Extremely vegetarian friendly.  Great service. We ate there twice in 3 days. Very reasonably priced place. Its not in a good neighborhood and strip mall is almost empty so b careful but risk well worth it. Recommend highly.
5	Lotus of Siam...Schmotus of Siam. Komol is fantastic and not nearly the wait. Everything on their menu is delicious. No taksies backsies. Favorite menu items: Orange tofu, ANY curry, and spring rolls.
5	I would give Komol 10 starts of they had that option.  For vegetarians and others alike I cannot praise this place enough. Food out of this world,  portions large and great value.  This will be one of our regular on every trip to Vegas.
5	The Best Thai Restaurant in Vegas. (and that is actually more fact than opinion)The food is so fantastic, and there is so much to try.Service here is super friendly, the prices are fair, and the meals are as authentic and delicious as it gets. My personal favorite is the Vegetarian Nam Sod with Crunchy Rice, and a close second is the Tom Kra Soup.If you have never tried this place before, do your self a favor and check it out.Its a legit 5/5 establishment.
3	Long before we moved to Vegas and were regular visitors, we used to make this Asain restaurant a regular stop. It was a great place to meet our meat-eating friends, as they also serve carniverous foods, which made some friends more comfortable. BUT they have a complete separate Vegetarian menu and swear the kitchen is segregated. Komol has consistently served very good standard Chinese and Thai cooked vegetarian fare. Centrally located in the very wierd and unusual Commercial Center.
5	Wow, I think this actually beats Lotus of Siam. Really.PROS:- everything the server recommended was delicious- theres a salad with apple that is a MUSTCONS:- noneVerdict:This is hands down the most authentic and delicious Thai food I've ever had. You have to check this place out if you're in Vegas.
2	Visited Komol on 2-23-2013 and ordered a good variety of appetizers, two entrees and three desserts for four people.  Selection was quite large.  Service was prompt...appetizers and entrees were good.  While eating the entrees, a cockroach crawled up one person within our party.  We killed it and called the staff.  Staff did not seem to care too much...in fact she tried to just drag it away with her foot without much success.  She did say that they just sprayed.  We cancelled our dessert order and we got some glares from the staff.  Surprisingly, the restaurant did not offer any consideration for this type of experience.  We paid the bill and left...did not finish all of the entrees.  I doubt we will ever return.
5	Best Thai food in Las Vegas. Eat here; your life will be better.
2	I was sadly surprised we didn't have the 5-star experience others did. We got done w/ something on that end of town a bit early, so we hit Komol for lunch. They were out of about half of everything we ordered. I could understand having a problem with regular supplies of lemongrass juice, and maybe even duck (though it features prominently in their menu), but being out of sticky rice??!! And out of lemon sorbet?! How hard is it to keep those two items on hand, yeesh! A more minor gripe: we ordered ours with a heat of "4", b/c at many Thai places, "5" is almost too spicy for Western tastes...but at Komol, "4" doesn't have any heat at all :-( Finally, when we decided to order dessert, the older lady (not our waitress) came and mentioned that we had accidentally been seated in a table that had been reserved (even though half the restaurant was empty). I guess to make us feel bad for lingering over dessert. Oh well. We liked Lotus of Siam much better, that will be our Thai "go to" now that we live in L.V.
5	Good Thai food here.  Had laarb kai, chili mint, and pad Thai.  All great dishes and made very well.  I'm a bit surprised that their main competition is across the street, lotus of siam.  Well, food here is definitely good and worth a stop.
5	Well Vegas is making a good run for my 5 star restaurants. I now have 3 restaurants in this shopping center I will go to (this is the only 5). Two of which are Thai the other Indian. Komol is hands down my favorite Thai restaurant I have ever been to. As you walk in the door you see all of their awards including several for best vegan restaurant in Vegas. Always a good sign.As usual I used my Thai barometer to gauge the quality of the food. The tofu Tom Yum and tofu pad kee mao were spot on with a Pascal reading of FANTASTIC! I left a full and happy patron. My taste buds although burning enjoyed basking in the wonderfulness of what I had just consumed.Parking is plentiful and price was decent especially for Vegas. If in Vegas get yourself off the strip and eat some Thai that is twice as good as anything you will find on the strip and half the price. The cab ride will pay for itself.
5	Love love loved there food as a new vegetarian they have a healthy vegetarian friendly menu along with other main course dishes. Tried thai tea for the first time and now im hooked. Great atmosphere and nice staff a must try ! [=
4	Had to go with the yelpers on this one and got the Herbal salad.  That citrus dressing, it's addictive.  Nice touch with the crispy tofu and the apples.The pad thai doesn't have that redish, orangy color.  I googled which color pad thai is more authentic and I didn't really find an answer.  But I did find out a lot of chefs add different things to get this red color from paprika to ketchup.  Regardless though, I liked the dish.  Not too sweet or mushy as a lot of restaurants can make their pad thai.I also go the chili mint chicken.  I asked them to slice the chicken instead of ground chicken.  I'm not too keen on this dish, it was really oily and the chicken wasn't the greatest I've had.  There is a lot of good Thai in the city and Komol is solid with some dishes you cannot go wrong with.
5	If I lived in Las Vegas, I would eat here everyday. Komol, hands down, makes the best vegetarian tom yum I've ever had. The spicy/sour mix was just perfect. This place is perfect to visit if you have a mixed party of meat eaters & vegetarians. Their vegetarian menu is soooo extensive & wonderful.
5	Seriously the best Thai food you'll ever have. Half of the menu is dedicated to Vegeterian & Vegan options allowing you to not only be stuck with Tofu but Fake Soy "Meats" and also Gluten. Their plum wine is also great. Eat here if you love Thai food! They are voted Best Thai food in Las Vegas almost every year.
3	I love Thai food and when I read about this, I was so excited to try it! The price is great and the staff is great! The only thing I did not like was when my main dish came out, it was cold. The food itself was just OKAY. The texture of the chicken was a bit rubbery, definitely not all breast meat.  I am the biggest panang consumer in all of Las Vegas, and I immediately noticed the panang recipe here is much different than most other Thai restaurants. Not my favorite here. Yet, our Phad See Ew noodles were rather enjoyable. Vegetarian options are available. On a side note, I did like their custom engraved menu covers. Hieroglyphic style Komul engravings on real wood. Cool!
4	Can be a long wait. Very good overall. Cool style menu. Nice but small bathroom.  Very good service and quick.
5	The food at Komol is definitely worth the trip.  My family and I still remember how good all the dishes we ordered (and we ordered a little bit of everything) was!  It's a little difficult to find, because the area that Komol is located in is surrounded by a lot of office buildings and some other assorted restaurants (including at least one other Thai place to make it extra confusing).  But I'm glad my family and I looked around for it, because the food is fantastic.  And there's a pretty extensive menu, if my memory is correct. The place has a lot of vegetarian and vegan options in particular, which is great if you have a big party and people who are particular about certain foods or ingredients. And I remember that the hostess was so sweet and patiently explained everything to us.  She checked in on us several times in a nice but not irritating way to make sure we were happy with our food as well.  I do remember that if you choose something spicy, it will be very spicy.  So consider that fair warning if you can't handle the pepper heat!This place is at the top of my list for the best Thai food in town, regardless of what the Las Vegas mags might say.  Do try it and see what you think.  Everything on their menu was delicious, from their curries to the appetizers and drinks, so you can't go wrong with Komol.
4	Had a good time here and would go back. Tons and tons of options for folks who eat meat and folks that do not. Service was a little slow but didnt feel ridiculous. Definitely recommended. By the way, the restaurant is located at the center of the strip mall. I think we spent an extra $2 in taxi fare looking for it in the strip mall.
5	Was back in Vegas this past week and again, Komol did not disappoint!  Love it!!!!
5	I don't know what the big hoopla is about Lotus of Siam, but Komol is a fantastic restaurant and the best Thai place I've ever eaten at.  I was completely surprised by the comfortable ambiance, good service, and delicious food.  Don't let the run down area fool you.  Once you get into the restaurant, it's a whole new world.  I ordered larb with chicken and the spice was just right.  The pad see ew was also wonderful--not too oily and just right in terms of meat to noodle ratio.
5	Love this place! I used to live around the corner from it and ate there quite often. Its in the Commercial Center close to Lotus of Siam, which itself was named "Best Thai Restaurant" by Gourmet Magazine I believe it was. However, I prefer Komol.Their lunch specials are one of the best deals in town, but, the food is really what makes it great. I suggest the Chili Mint... anything really,but, pork and chicken are the best! Every curry dish I had was delicious too. If you like duck i would recommend the Pineapple Duck. Larb and Pad See Ew are off-the-hook also. My old roomie was a vegan and everything I tried that he got like the Orange Peel Gluten, was awesome. Also make sure to get their Brown sticky rice, its the bomb. Oh my god I'm hungry now.
4	Looks are definitely deceiving here.  Doesn't look like much outside, or inside.  Very small and cramped.  They might think about removing the booths to open up the space.  I came on a Monday night, and the place was packed; which says a lot.  I was finally seated, but quickly grew annoyed because it seemed the waiter forgot about me while waiting on others that had sat down after me.  Nevertheless, I finally ordered some chicken panang.  I was in for a feast.  The portion was huge, and I can eat a lot in one sitting!  Very rich with coconut milk and red curry.  I ordered a level 10 spiciness, but it came out as a 2.  Obviously "white-washed."  The flavor was outstanding however.  I think I need to become somewhat of a regular, so they know I'm not messing around when I say, "make it spicy!"
5	Best Thai I've had since Ban Kruit on the Gulf coast of Thailand.  Great tom kah yum and Panang curry.
4	We had the lunch special which includes soup or salad with entree for 7 or 8 bucks.  I found the atmosphere a little more relaxed and comfortable than lotus.  The food had both an excellent presentation and quality.  I recommend!
5	Extremely authentic. My wife is Thai and she's hard to please as far as Thai food goes. Been everywhere in Vegas: Archi's, Kung Fu, Ping Kaow (all locations), ping pong, lotus of Siam, Thai BBQ (lol), noodle house, Satay, Le Thai, Weera, you name it. This place finally got a good review out of her. I'm easy to please but I will admit I do taste a huge difference from place to place and I wondered why. Now I know. Alot of places "Americanize" and stream line for easier production. Not naming names "cough cough Pingkaow" but some places actually use Ketchup in place of tamarind in pad Thai. Large menu with authentic Thai staples other places don't offer. I find it crazy some places don't offer Nam-sod with crispy rice. Clean restaurant despite location. Prices are fair and portions are just right. If you're in the mood for Thai and you're just visiting, it's 10 minutes off the strip. You won't regret it.
4	Arrived for dinner on a Sunday evening which is unusual for me BC I usually dine here during the week. I was shocked how busy they were - the dinning room was totally filled but I lucked out and secured the last booth before the waiting list began.I heart the vegetarian options Komol offers, although I'm not vegan. I chose a vegan combo dinner which was only $10.95 that included mushroom Tom Kha soup, spring roll and veggie pad Thai. The food was tasty and filling and can understand why Komol is doing so well!Komol will continue to be my go to place for Thai food in Las Vegas.
5	Great food and awesome service!As soon as we enter someone met and greet us with a smile. The servers gave some good recommendations from the menu. We ordered Chicken Satay for Appetizer. Our entrees are Beef Massaman, Panang, Pad Thai combination, Crispy Crab with combination Fried Rice. We also ordered Mango with Sticky Rice, Fried Banana with Ice Cream, Taro Ball and Banana with Sweet Coconut Milk.Service charge was applied to our bill (we're party of 5) and it's worth it- Best Service we ever experienced here in Las Vegas. The best!
3	Just ok.Herbal salad packed flavor but it became cloyingly sweet as I ate it.  Way too much tamarind or sugar?Chilli mint with shrimp was eh also.   I'm not sure why it is called that because I couldn't detect any mint.I asked for hot sauce because my dining companion didn't want it too spicy. They gave a trio of condiments to add extra heat.  They weren't packing much heat at all.  I had spicier crushed pepper from a pizza joint.  They do offer many mouth-watering sounding items on the menu, but a few of the dishes that Yelpers noted fell flat for me.  I live in NY/NJ area where there are a ton of Thai restaurants and there are several stellar places here.  This place didn't quite measure up.
3	The food is very good. The building is old
5	Great food, big portions and awesome service.  I was thinking vegetarian and this place popped up. Tasty curries with generous amounts of it.  Panang curry with soy chicken.   Gorgeous assortment of great textured veggies with a smooth zesty curry.Their brown rice has a purple grain mixed in for more delicious nutty flavor and beautiful color.   Loved this place and will be back
5	Good Thai food!  Lotus can suck it! Papaya salad is delicious and panang is good
5	For all of the hype that Lotus of Siam gets this neighboring restaurant is just as good in the food department. While the service was somewhat slow during our visit the flavor of the food and the large portions made up for it.
5	Let me preface this review by stating that I am totally unqualified to judge authentic Thai food since I've never been to Thailand, don't know anyone from Thailand, and rarely eat this particular cuisine. However, my niece loves it and it was her birthday, so off we all went to Commercial Center, which is the place to go if you're looking for exotic dining or exotic adult activities. We were thinking about Lotus of Siam, but we had a couple of small kids with us, so we didn't want to jostle with the crowds and picked Komol instead. (The presence of said toddlers also quashed the prospect of sampling any of the other available entertainments, as did the unfortunate way we look naked).Anyway, Komol was pretty full when we arrived, but we were seated right away, and the ambience was both attractive and comfortable. Service was a little slow, but I'm not deducting any stars because they were friendly and working their butts off, and we got everything we ordered, which was a lot. We had: Indian chicken curry, pork chili mint, fried shrimp in wonton wrappers, Thai beef salad, beef pad zee euw (sp?), chicken satay, and Thai beef jerky. Everything was delicious; the peanut sauce for the satay and the dipping sauce for the shrimp (plum, maybe?) were outstanding. Wanted to lick all the plates. Maybe I did. Only questionable thing was the jerky, which tasted fine but I found the texture (dried, deep-fried strips of meat) a little off-putting. Maybe because I kept thinking of that movie where the plane crashes in the Andes and the survivors are starving so they figure out a way to make a tasty snack. You get the picture. We can't all be Andrew Zimmern. Anyway, we were stuffed but still ordered a dessert to share- fried bananas with homemade ice cream.  Funny how there's always room for a little something deep fried. The waiter explained that the ice cream was vegan, which immediately set off alarm bells. I don't even want my vegetables vegan - coat those bad boys in cheese sauce, please! But, it looked like a harmelss ball of pineapple sherbet, so I bravely plowed in, or tried to. It was frozen so hard it would have made a better weapon than dessert, but the kids hacked away happily and finished it all, and it kept them so busy they didn't notice their share of the fried bananas disappearing. All this plus drinks was less than $80 before tax & tip. Not bad. Conclusions: Authentic? Who knows? They looked Asian. Delicious? Absolutely!
3	We had lunch here on a Wed. about 1pm after driving in from Orange County, CA.  We ordered the chicken panang curry and chile mint lunch specials and the herbal salad due to the great Yelp reviews.  I thought the overall flavors were just ok, I've had way better Thai. We ordered medium spicy, 5, it was more like a 7-8, pretty spicy and we can eat hot.  The herbal salad was just ok to us, not a 5-star dish. The service was friendly but oh so slow, took almost 35 min. before we were served after placing our order.  Probably won't go here again, I like the Thai BBQ joint on 3rd street better.  We have eaten Thai in Thailand, all over SCal and the best we've had in the US was at the Thai House in Fairbanks, Alaska and at Chanida in Yucaipa, CA (a hidden gem).
5	The Heavens, they have heard my prayers and answered accordingly! I don't think I've EVER had such delicious Sesame Chicken in my life.. Nay, I take that back, that was NOT even in the same category! The Sesame chicken I'm used to would give its left nut to taste like Komol's! I look at it now, sitting so delicately atop that blue, mikey-mouse-shaped plate. "How are you, my love?" I ask, knowing its answer is OBVIOUSLY "AMAZING".I dig in, and let me just say, the melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness that partook between that meal and I was almost too Hot for TV! The moaning itself was enough to take this experience from a PG-13 to a Rated-R!
4	Uh oh, what do we have here?  Another contender in the commercial center district looking to claim the prize of best Thai food in Vegas.  Everyone knows about the other contender.  What I was not aware of, prior to this visit for a mid day impromptu lunch redemption, was that Komol lays out some seriously good Thai food.  So here I was, far from my comfort zone again trying new and exciting entrees that I would have never even thought of trying before. My arm was twisted twice this day...once to go here in the first place (glad I did) and the second was to try a dish with tofu.  What?!!? No meat!  I now know what the big to do is all about.  The meal went like this...Fresh spring rolls that were delicious and unlike others I've had, not greasy.  Pad kee mow with tofu, spicy level 3 since I'm a baby.  This dish was quite tasty...at first I skirted around the tofu; then I believe I compromised it all and refused to share it.  The final dish was Panang curry with chicken; finally the meat makes its presence known...level 3 again.  Sorry to all experienced Thai foodies, my pallet cannot yet handle the crazy spiciness; with time I will slowly increase this to a 10 and just know that over the next few visits I will be updating this review to a 5.  Thanks for a great meal.
5	Amazing food. I usually never write reviews on Yelp, but this place is making me write one. we were a party of 8 people and all of us love spicy food (we are from India!!!) We orders a prawn appetizer, shrimp fried rice and fried fish entree and made sure we mentioned to make them very very very spicy - 10/10 spice. The waiter was surprised and warned us about the spice, but we were sure we could eat it. The food came and it was wonderful and perfectly spicy. Their desserts fried banana with coconut icecream and fried ice cream are a must try.The Best THAI food I have eaten in the United States... Keep up Komol !!!
1	"It sucks.. the service is slow and food tastes really bad, and weird. Not going to come again!!!
4	I came here twice. The first time i would give it a 5 star but the second time is only so so. Komol and lotus siam are two of the world famous Thai food places. They are also super close to each other. Definitely will try Lotus Siam next time I'm in vegas.
3	I was expecting to be absolutely blown away, and it was just A-OK. Hit up this spot with Dana S on one afternoon and had takeout. The girl at the counter said it would be about 20 minutes--it was about 30. The flavor of the noodles was good, but not drop dead amazing. The highlight of the meal was the barbecue pork that was in the appetizer sampler--not meant as an insult, but just an honest opinion. I'm not sure I'd be back because there's a lot of other places I'd like to try and this first visit was less than stellar. Try calling in takeout orders in advance instead of wait wait waiting, too.
5	Chili Mint Chicken - medium heat, a side salad with ginger dressing and an egg roll, and if I'm having a stressful day a glass of Chai Tea. While Thai food gives one ample opportunities to try something new, sometimes you just want comfort food. When that's what I need my car finds it's way to Komol for lunch, and for over a year now I get the comfort food I crave. Now once in a while they have an off day and I grumble about it, but a return trip always ends up with things going right again. I quickly realize how lucky I am to know of this wonderful place in the shadow of their overrated and over priced competitor that's right across the parking lot. You can't go wrong eating at Komol. It's family run, they take care of their customers, and the food is consistently great. (I just realized as I was writing this that my first visit to Komol was 6/20/2012...and since that time I've been there at least 30 times. My feet and my debit card keep coming back...really what other endorsement speaks louder than repeat patronage!). Back to 5 Stars. Seriously...they've earned it. (Plus if Jessie B or Jaime W. recommend it, it's always good...this was a Jessie B. recommendation that I'm so glad I listened to!)
5	Wonderful!
3	It is with a heavy heart that I downgrade my beloved Komol.  I loved the place so much that I had been looking past all the slip-ups the last few months, but I finally decided enough was enough.  If I had the same experience the first time I visited, I would have never come back.Since at least December, things have been falling apart.  Many times the food quality just wasn't there; the herbal salad was missing all the flavor it used to have or the tofu was fried into something unrecognizable.  Orders were put in wrong.  And every single time the service was just non-existent.  The servers are still friendly enough, but there were times we waited well over 40 minutes for our food to come out or 15 minutes for a check.  Once we were in the restaurant for two hours just trying to have a simple, quick dinner.And please, let's just put it out there: the place is in need of a good scrubbing.I still love you, Komol, but you need some time to work on you.
4	Finally met with Julie K for dinner here since we've been talking about Komol for forever.  We started off with fried veggie spring rolls - they were good but a bit too greasy compared to the ones I've had in other Thai restaurants.  I wanted to try their meekrob but they were out.  Julie got the vegetarian padkeemao (drunken noodles) and I got the same thing but with pork instead of veggies.  I normally get spicy 5/10 since I don't like burning my mouth but I think I could've gone up to a 7/10 with the noodles.  We got beef panang spicy 10/10 - it wasn't that spicy at all.  We also got pineapple fried rice. It has tomatoes, pineapple chunks and cashews - it was alright but I'm not a fan of rice or sweet rice unless it's dessert.Service was ok. The interior could be improved.  The food, overall, was average.  But wait, the best thing on their menu  is the dessert!  They have mangoes with sticky rice but they had me at NON-DAIRY ICE CREAM!  I got the Thai tea ice cream which was the main reason I wanted to go here in the first place.  I was not disappointed.  One of the best frozen treats I've ever had.  Yum!
4	I'd never even heard of this place, which is in the same parking lot as Lotus of Siam. This place is so good and has great lunch specials. The service has been really slow sometimes, and they seem to run out of food frequently, but I still think it's a great restaurant. Some must tries: the sesame chicken, panang curry, and chili mint chicken. And the mango with sticky rice is great, too.
2	First let me say that I have always liked Komol restaurant and I and my family ate a number of times in the last year.  They have a number of options if you are a vegan. However, my recent experience at the restuarant really threw me off.We went on a saturday early evening. After we were seated we were not given a menu and no one came to check on us for 15 minutes. Finally we got the menu after we asked for it. The fried rice (our usual dish) we ordered came burnt and was smelling burnt, so we had to send it back.  This was the first time we ever sent back a dish during all the visits we have been there. Apart from the fried rice problem, other food was good that earned the 2 star rating.The service was practically non-existent, no one came to check on us anytime. Everytime, we need something we have to take pains to catch hold of someone. It was really horrible service.I would stay out of Komol at least for a few months. Also from food point of view, unless you are vegetarian, you can always go with nearby local restuarants such as Lotus of Siam or Satay both of them are pretty good so far.After a few months, I would try some togo's and watch their service before I can take my family back for a dine-in for I dont want to go through that horrible service again.
5	My boyfriend and I live pretty close to Komol so we go here a lot. The servers are nice, food is great, and the lunch specials are super affordable. They have great soy shrimp and the vegetarian appetizer sampler is awesome! Tempura spinach, yes please!! They aren't very consistent with the spicy levels but other than that, I love this place!
5	Bomb. Bomb. And bomb! Fried won tons with some bomb ass sweet chili sauce. Larb,  Pad-Ki-Mao, and beef Panang Curry were all top die for. We didn't feel like spending too much money on the strip and were craving some Thai food so we hunted this place down. Couldn't have made a better decision during this trip to Vegas. Amazing! :)
2	Great menu selections and nice setting.  Waiters were very attentative and friendly.  However the food was too salty to our taste.  The only thing we liked is the vegetarian spring rolls.
3	After hearing so much hype about this place, I eventually made my way to Sahara and Commercial to finally give it a try.  On my first visit we ordered drunken noodles (pad kee mao) with chicken to go. She told us 15 minutes, but it was closer to 30 and the restaurant was empty. The chicken was minced/ground which was a bit unusual from what I am used to. The flavor was fine and the ingredients were quality, but it was not amazing nor did it warrant rushing back there. I decided I would try this place again before I wrote a review. A week or so ago, I went back because I was in the field and was in the nearby area. I met another friend for lunch and we gave their lunch special a try. I had their panang curry lunch special that came with an eggroll, rice and a soup of the day for $7.95. The soup was pretty bland with vegetable and tofu. The curry was fine, but not unlike Panang curry I have tried at plenty of other Thai joints. I had spicy 7/10 and I'd say to me more realistically it was like a 5/10. The service was very spotty and inconsistent. You can tell the wait staff started to get overwhelmed when the lunch rush hour began. But to be fair, they were pretty slow when it was just two tables in the joint.. The restaurant appears clean with interesting traditional Thai decor. The menu's have wooden covers which is a cool touch. I would probably try this place again if in the area and craving Thai, but I wouldn't drive here from home. This is a perfect example of a place being hyped up.
4	Great Malaysian/Thai food. Just about everything is goof on the menu.I prefer here over Lotus of Siam... I think Lotus is overrated....KOMOL!!!!!!
5	Came here with my brother, shared the pad thai, Penang curry, chili mint chicken. Delicious all! Tremendous selection, hope to come back sometime.
5	A family owned business for the last 25 years now that has great customer service and are very friendly. Saw it on Yelp and had to try since the other Thai place next to it was fully booked. Can't go wrong with this place which is why I give it 5 stars. In my top 3 Thai restaurants IMHO that I've tried.
3	A little bit empty place with plenty of dinner and lunch options
4	It was absolutely fantastic. My ONLY complaint was that portions were just a liiiitle on the smaller side..but I guess the great food you get makes up for it. If you're in Vegas, you HAVE to eat here.
5	Penang is the best. This place has 5 stars in my book anyday. I usually order the Penang and Minced Chicken with a side of fish sauce to go with white rice or fried rice. I have traveled all around the country and I look for Thai food everywhere I go. Komol is what I compare other places with.
3	Finally ate here after living in Vegas for 5 years. We ordered veggie noodle soup (pretty good, veggies were fresh and cooked al dente), combo pad Thai (not greasy at all, good quality flavor), and Thai beef salad ( nowhere near as yummy as the one @ King & I). Food was decent but the place is dirty and our water glass had some crusted food on it. Prob won't be back here..
5	The herbal salad was amazing! The menu was huge so if you need help deciding what to get, definitely get the herbal salad. Service was great, the owner was there chit chatting with us and our server went over the menu to help narrow our choices. I'm from out of town but will go out of my way to come here again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	This is my to go thai place when we have guests visiting from out of town. Their service is always great and they have amazing food. Our server once offered to give us a fresh container of rice free with our left overs, that was so nice of him.I highly recommend you get the panang chicken curry, mint chicken, and herbal salad!You can't possibly go wrong here, their food is consistently delicious:
5	This is my an my husbands favorite place to eat whenever we are in Las Vegas.  The rice is the best part.  The y do a combination of three different rices and the rice is purple.  It is delicious.  They are family owned and remember your face.  Love the selection of vegetarian entrees.  Our favorite dish is the green curry.  Yummy.
4	Best Thai Restaurant in las Vegas.
2	I've only seen exceptionally bad service a few times and I usually consider it a fluke, but I'm not convinced this was the case.  8 person party was seated quickly, and 20 minutes later our order was taken. They brought out each of the 3 appetizers (which served 3 each) came out 20 minutes apart. Perhaps they thought everyone was sharing and wanted to space them out, whatevs.The meals began coming out well over an hour after being seated. First wave was 2 orders of pad Thai, followed by a 15 minute wait until 3 orders of curry appeared. They let that chill for another 10 minutes before bringing out the vegan noodles (shared between 2). After 5 minutes we inquired about the final order (go see mee) and they said it took the longest because it was deep fried noodles. 5 more minutes passed before the final order appeared. Final time from first order to last: 35 minutes.. Some people were done before the last entree was delivered, and no word of acknowledgement of the delay at all.
5	Amazing food. Came here since the wait for Lotus of Siam was too long but glad I did. They also have extensive vegetarian dishes.
4	Excellent flavorful food! The best chicken yellow curry I've had. Chicken fell apart as though it had been slow cooked. Cinnamon in the sauce. Many vegetarian recipes. Companion loved the vegetarian chef's special. Caution on spiciness - you are asked to choose heat from 1-10. I got a 7 and my tongue is still numb. And I love super spicy! Err on the low side.
2	I was excited to try this place because of the yelp reviews, although we wanted to go to Lotus of Siam. We regret our decision.The herb salad was the best thing we ordered. Fried catfish was tasty, but tad salty. Duck fried rice was good. The beef massaman was SO sweet ... But it's my first time having that dish so I don't know.  But the biggest disappointment was the soft shell crab... It was EXtremely salty!! So salty, my tongue was stinging. We had to consume so much rice to offset the heavily salted food. I don't know if they used MSG, but we were so tired after the meal, 4 of us went back to our hotel room and passed out. (Not going out like our original plan. It was Saturday night)I would not go back again.
3	My beau and I went here for a date night and left will full and satisfied tummies! We started out with Thai tea (he opted for the coffee), fresh spring rolls and the combination appetizer sampler, all of which were delicious! The Thai teas and coffee were a little too sweet for us but nothing that a little extra dash of water couldn't fix. On to the main course, I went with the papaya pad Thai and my beau went for the mint beef. Although they were both tasty, I think I will go with something else as my main course. The pad Thai didn't have much texture other than crunch, you couldn't taste any peanut sauce and the papaya lacked the freshness I was craving. But overall, definitely a good place to check out, we'll definitely be back :)
1	Marginal service and tasteless food.  Waited over 10min after being seated and the servers were standing around talking.Ordered Pad Thai and Pad See Yew.  Both were absolutely lacking in any flavor and the Pad Thai had very little chicken and no peanuts or green onion as other reviewers noted.Would not return.
4	Great options for vegetarians. Its a couple minutes drive off of the strip and the mall is pretty sketch IMO. The people working there are quite nice and a large selection to choose from. The portions are pretty big so it definitely filled us up.Free parking at the lot and it is really empty during lunch hours on weekends. (I've only been there on the weekend).
5	Quickie review: This is my favorite Thai spot. They never disappoint with food. I love the restaurant itself. And we usually receive top-notch service. Though I have moved further away now...I continuously go out of my way to frequent this gem.Food: This place has a wide-array of food to choose from. You'll probably notice from other reviews that Komol does have a good vegetarian/vegan selection. I don't mean like 10 choices...I mean pages of vegetarian/vegan options. They have a lot to choose from and with their various serving sizes, from individual to family meals...they can accommodate any group situation.There food quality is always top-notch and they're consistent. People like to counter good reviews about Komol saying that Lotus of Siam (in the same shopping center) is better. While I will not deny the quality of Lotus....when it comes to a quality/cost ratio....Komol wins. Pad Thai, Pad Zee Ew, Herbal Salad, Go See Me, Tom Kha and their curries are generally among the dishes we always order. For a taster, try there individual vegetarian meals (which they will make un-vegetarian for you)...you'll get to try appetizers, a soup and a large entree for the price for a great price. Not to mention, they have amazing lunch specials which basically make you feel like you ripped THEM off considering the amount of food you get and what you paid for it. Seriously. Atmosphere:Though the restaurant is getting more and more popular, it still has the feel of a quiet little spot. Pictures and artwork on the wall give it a home decor and their carved wood menu holders are an interesting touch.Service:Typically, Komol has fast and friendly service. When's it's busy, the food may take a little long but it has never been ridiculous. The staff is willing to offer suggestions and are happy to introduce you to surprise dishes that you might have overlooked in their voluminous menu. Our last visit was a very rare night of bad service....like really bad....but I am going to chalk that up to a new server. If this becomes a trend, I will change my rating.  But, on the whole, all of our visits have been pleasant.Overall, if you want a great meal, especially with a group that wants to avoid checks that will easily hit the triple-digit mark like at Lotus, come to Komol. Their food never disappoints and you usually leave stuffed to the point of shame. And that's saying a lot considering I am the same guy who has zero shame about pounding down a triple-chili burger from Tommy's and can happily look at myself in the mirror.
5	Hands down the best Thai restauant in Vegas!!!!Clean and comfortable!  Family owned establishment.So many vegan and vegetarian options! EVERYTHING was absolutely delicious!DO NOT skip the herbal salad!! LAYERS OF FLAVORS!!!The Panang Salmon was to die for!They treated me like a king. Dutch was very knowledgeable and made excellent recommendations.And Chai (the owner) INSISTED on making a to-go care package for my wife back in Florida! She loved it by the way.... THANKS CHAI!!!My work doesn't take me back that way for another year, but I will dream about the flavors until my return.Thank you Komol!!!!!!!
2	What's going on Komol? This place was seriously in my top 10 favorite restaurants but after the last two visits it's not even close to the quality of food I use to enjoy.The last two visits the food was overly salty and my boyfriends dish was overly garlicky. When we asked the server to recommend an appetizer we took her advice and got these deep fried shrimp rolls. They were completely tasteless.This all depresses me but I don't know if I'll ever come back if the quality of the food remains this way.
4	What can be said about Komol that hasn't been said in so many reviews?I haven't been to Thailand, but I'm told this is "legit." With that said, Komol is not my favorite Thai food in the city. Let me be clear, Komol not being my favorite is not an indication that it is a bad place to be. Their selection is massive and their flavors are distinct and strong. I think the only other place with this large of a selection is next door: Lotus of Siam. Lotus and Komol share that, and their strangely slow service.Having been here twice, and both times with large parties, I've had more items than I can name. Honestly, I couldn't tell you any of the items I've had. However, I will say that you should trust your server. These people know what they are going to bring you and will describe pretty much exactly what you need to know. If something is bland, they'll say so. If something is dry and spicy, they will say so. I was actually pretty impressed at their accuracy in description. Most places just say, "yeah, it's good, my second favorite here!"Would I go out of my way to come back to Komol? No. But Komol offers one of the largest selection in Thai food in the city. This is worth your time if you're feeling adventurous.
5	Stopped at this restaurant traveling through Arizona, Utah, Nevada, and on our way to Cali. Not an easy task to find a really good Vegan restaurant but this one hit the spot. The selection of dishes, desserts, and taste were amazing. Moreover it was cheap for the amount of food we ordered. I am a picky eater and will definitively recommend this restaurant to everyone.
5	Never had to wait in line for more than 5 minutes. They have always served me decent portions. The food is always great and if they end up giving me something that wasn't what I wanted, they had never given me any problem about fixing my orders. The waiters have always been friendly too. It's in a not-so-ideal location, but it doesn't even matter to me. It's definitely worth the drive! Try the Thai-style fried rice! Always a favorite for me. Or the garlic beef. Yum!
3	Despite being an avid Thai fan, I have been to Komol (a Vegas Valley Thai favorite) twice. The first time was years ago, before I knew about its reputation. The experience was not bad, nor was it memorable. Since I have become savvy of its clout among locals, I ventured back there and - outside of the herbal salad - I was similarly underwhelmed. We had a sampling of four dishes and - the aforementioned glorious herbal salad excluded - nothing really stood out. It was all decent Thai food, but nothing more. And while it gets bonus points for that herbal salad, it certainly gets docked for the molasses service and (to a lesser extent) whatever it is that they call merlot in this joint (I know, what do I expect when ordering wine in a hole-in-the-wall Thai restaurant). With Lotus of Siam in the same parking lot, I do not see myself coming back to Komol.Side Note: I get hit up for change at a ridiculous clip in this parking lot when I visit Lotus. At Komol, I was able to park directly in front of the restaurant. Instantly I thought, "Well, at least I will not be hit up for change." Then, hilariously, I take two steps from my car and a dude asks if he can watch my car in exchange for some dough. It was like he appeared out of thin air! If mooching were a sport, the world championships would definitely be held in this parking lot.
5	Fantastic thai food rates among my all-time favorites on this continent.
1	We read good food reviews, but we arrived to discover: very dirty bathrooms, grubby menus, sticky/dirty table tops, and very uncomfortable chairs. Our silverware was greasy, so we left without ordering.
4	Great Thai food in Vegas away from the hustle and bustle. Excellent customer service!
5	Oh my goodness!!! The pad kee mao was soooo sooo yummy. It was truly the very best Thai noodle dish I have EVER had!!! Such a perfect balance of garlic, basil and light heat. The Angel duck was a great complement as was the panang sea bass. We will be back!!!
3	The food was great, but the service was absolutely terrible. I think it took nearly 90 minutes for dinner for 2 people. It's a great choice when Lotus of Siam has a long wait, but be prepared for spotty service.
4	Can I just say that Vegas Yelpers are the nicest? I went on the Talk Threads a couple of days before I flew out, and asked where the good vegan-friendly restaurants were and many suggested Komol.Komol is kind of tricky to find, and we had to call the restaurant and have them guide us through the parking lot. So even before we arrived, the service was stellar! The food came out quickly, and I love that there are numerous vegan options that aren't just a stir-fry made of frozen vegetables and overcooked noodles. I had the chili mint tofu, and eggplant. My one nitpick is that the eggplant, while flavorful, was very greasy. I wanted to eat more of it than I did, but we had to be somewhere else later and the greasiness of the eggplant was making me feel heavy and wanting a couch, a blanket and some Golden Girls DVDs. I could have the chili mint tofu every single day and not tire of it. When the waitstaff found out it was my birthday, they gave me a complimentary scoop of toffuti vanilla ice cream. I will totally come back here every time I go to Vegas.
5	Komol is my favorite Thai food... I'm very picky about my Tom kha soup because many times it has too much coconut, but they get it right. They have awesome currys, great service, and a really authentic atmosphere. The gentleman in the front, who I think is the owner is the sweetest, he gave me Thai iced tea to try when I picked up food to go. Go now! They're awesome!
5	WHO: The hungry people craving delicious Thai food!! They are Vegetarian friendly as well, so don't be SKURRED!!WHEN: Monday through Saturday, 11am-10pm; Sunday, 12pm-10pmWHERE: It is located in the Korean plaza on Sahara & Commercial.WHAT: I have been to this restaurant about 3 plus times and they never fail to make me a happy customer. Happy customers = favorites = telling other fellow yelpers = Komol has more favorites to serve! Lol.Whenever I come in, I am always delightfully greeted at the door, and then shown to my seat. One of my favorite things is the WOODEN MENUS. Too cute!... Inside these wooden menus, are delicious foods you may choose from: (the ones I've tried are as follows).1. Herbal Salad: my favorite salad in the entire GALAXY! This salad is definitely out of this world. I do not know what they do to it, but they are definitely DOING IT RIGHT!! This is a must have as soon as you are seated!2. Panang Curry: This dish is one of my favorites at every singly Thai restaurant, but their panang curry has got me hooked! I don't know how else to explain it, but it's just the blending of the spices, plus chicken or tofu = mm mm GREAT!3. Green Curry: As you can tell, I am a sucker for Thai curry! It is just absolutely TASTY! This also will have you asking for a second order!I am definitely going back for more as soon as possible. Get your car keys, hop in that car of yours, and head to Komol now! (Herbal Salad is a must! ;) ) HURRYYYY!!
4	A strong 4 stars!...and the best Thai restaurant in Commercial Center! I met a delightful Yelper here for dinner.  We took Nelson Q's advice on going with the Herbal Salad to start.  This was crisp, fresh and different (the good/refreshing different, not the searching for a modifier different.)  We were fans of the Salad, the lemongrass, fresh herbs and fried tofu.   Spice level was 5/10 and played nice with the acidity of the salad.  My point?...you should order this salad.We also ordered Pork Pad Kee Mao and Veggie Panang Curry--wish I had read Cathy C's review that you can ask for items a little hotter here than you might at other Thai Restaurants.  The curry was a little thicker than usual...nice texture, felt a little love put into it...anytime you feel a little of the love that goes in to something that's good right?...yeah, it is!  The Pad Kee Mao was a little less flavorful than the other items, but this was the only dish we ordered mild...don't be like us...get them all at or near your maximum heat level!...added some chili flake and pepper sauce afterwards and was much better--not just heat wise, but for another level of flavor.  They do a great job here with their Pad Thai as well.The restaurant itself is rather nice inside.  You can easily forget that you are in commercial center.  We also appreciated the signs on restrooms.  A heart of the lades chest (assuming because women love with their hearts) and a heart over the males gentiles (assuming because men love with their...,) nice and direct?...I liked it.I have long since stopped trying to find the best Thai in Vegas.  There is a different favorite for each Thai dish that I typically get.  I would definitely come before I would go to any hyper popular Thai spot in the same center!  Additionally though Komol has earned a spot with me for their Herbal Salad.
5	Best Thai food in Vegas! Try their Orange Chicken, Pad Thai and Satay. For dessert, you should try their Mango Sticky Rice. It's so good you'll forget your name.
5	Fantastic. This place deserves every accolade it receives. We really enjoyed the food,  the atmosphere, and the service. I would recommend this place to anyone,  and will probably go back before my visit to Vegas is over!
5	We found this place through yelp..let me tell you it is delicious! You get tired of steaks and potatoes after a couple of days and if your craving for some real authentic asian food this is the place to go...not to far from the strip and worth it...they make their own ice cream highly recommend...our waiter was super cool and attentive...we will definitely visit again in the future...
5	Amazing find in Vegas!  Thanks Yelp!  My husband and I split a dinner, we had a Thai chicken salad, chili mint chicken, Tom yum, and Panang chicken!  It was so flavorful and great quality.  We finished off our meal with non-dairy coconut ice cream...YUM!
4	The food itself gets an enthusiastic 5 stars, no question!  I've never had anything here that I didn't like.  The veg menu is ENORMOUS and I love it!I'm knocking off one star from my review though only for the sloooooow service.  I think they are understaffed.  Which is really a pity because if the service was a little bit quicker, I'd be here all the time.  As it is now, I come every so often and I would highly recommend ordering take out.My absolute favorite dish is the kung pao tofu.  So yummy!!!
4	9128910445428529034902347130x better than Lotus of Siam in the same shopping center. Lotus of Siam is so overrated...definitely come here instead! No wait for a table, friendly service, large portions, extensive vegetarian menu and unique dishes like the herbal salad.Definitely get everything 'hot" or even "thai hot" if you like spicy food, otherwise, it is too bland.Bf and I over ordered:-herbal salad - great flavor; interesting blend of sweet and spicy-papaya salad - good, nothing amazing but good-shrimp tom yum (bowl/large) - delish! one of the best I've ever had and I'm lucky enough to have frequented countless authentic Thai restaurants coming from NYC; love the spice / flavor-steamed/soft tofu kee mao - good, not amazing either; had to send it back the first time we got it cause it wasn't spicy at all despite us asking for it "hot"-steamed/soft tofu & vege penang curry - tastes kind of like indian tikka masala curry; unique for a thai restaurant, definitely worth trying-thai iced teas sans ice - good but too sweet for my tasteAfter the tom yum, herbal salad, and 1/2 the papaya salad we were so stuffed we barely ate a few bites of the penang and pad kee mao. Packed up enough food for another meal and we have big appetites so definitely come hungry!At $72 with tip, not bad for what is essentially two meals worth of food for two people.
1	I honestly don't understand what all these great reviews are about. Perhaps I caught them on a bad day? Perhaps they ordered a bad shipment of meat? Either way, my dining experience at Komol was one of the most unpleasant lunches I have ever had.The meat. Dear God Almighty, the meat. Perhaps they accidentally gave me food out of the garbage? I ordered the Red Beef Curry and it was disgusting, absolutely disgusting. My co-workers ordered chicken and seemed to fair fine, but I made then sample my beef and they agreed it was awful. The bad beef alone might have gotten them three stars, but the complete disregard for the fact that they were serving inedible food is what gets them one star. I did not eat even 1/5 of the food brought. When the waiter asked if I wanted to take the   rest home, I said no. I asked the other people if they wanted the food, and they all said no. One even said, "That meat is awful" while the waiter was there. The server's response? "Ok." Not a word of concern, not an offer to bring a new dish. Nope. Komol will serve you garbage and does not care if you hate the food, just as long as you pay.Most restaurants notice, and care, if someone doesn't eat their dish and doesn't take it home either. That's generally the universal sign it was bad. Most restaurants will try to get you something else or ask if there's anything they can do to fix it. Not Komol. Komol wants you to pay and get out.Given the great reviews from others, I'm assuming there are other, more edible foods on the menu. But, take my advice, stay AWAY from the beef. And stay away from Komol if you want a place with good customer service.For a delicious Red Beef Curry, try Le Thai. The beef there is tender, high quality, juicy, and does not taste like garbage.
4	Solid Thai restaurant.  In the same rundown strip mall as Lotus of Siam, so it often gets overshadowed.  But, the food here is really good, and it's a lot easier to just walk-in to get a table or get a reservation for a time you want.  The first time I went here, I was ready to give it 5 stars.  The food we ordered was excellent.  Tom Khar Gai soup with chicken, herbal salad, papaya pad thai.  But, when we ordered delivery from this place, we found that the food we ordered the second time around was meh.  The regular pad thai and pad knee mow are very good as well.  I will definitely be back again at some point, but I'll make sure to stick with the dishes above that I know are excellent.
4	I was in town for my 50th birthday with my husband and family. Some of us love meat and two of us are vegan/vegetarian, so I wanted to find a place that would appeal to all of us. I found Komol on Yelp so we got in the car and drove there. My problem is I want to try everything so I order and order. The Panang sauce is delicious. Had tofu in the Panang ( no meat)! Ordered the herbal salad it was very tasty. This review is over a year old, but I felt it still deserved to be published. We went again a year later and it was just as I remembered. I will be going every tim I go to Vegas. It is a MUST!
3	I went here with my grandparents and they said it was one of the best Thai food restaurants in town. You walk inside and it obviously is one of the best with all their framed awards and recognitions. We got a lot of food. The Indian chicken curry was super great. It was one of my favorites. The summer rolls were pretty good. The peanut sauce along with the chili vinegar sauce was spot on and complimented the rolls well. ORDER THE CHOW FUN. I love chow fun, and so we ordered it and it was a great dish: I literally can't explain how great it was. The pad thai: I personally love pad thai, but this one was a little greasy.The reason this got 3 stars was because the service STINKS. We got our drinks, and it took about half an hour to get an appetizer out. Half an hour. It was ridiculous. Also, one of the waitresses had an attitude problem when we asked when and where our food was and when it was coming. We ended up getting everything, altogether, an hour later. Great food, HORRIBLE service.
2	Food is great but this time I was with two other friends. Each person's plate of food came out one at a time and at 10-15 minutes apart. So we basically all ate one at a time. Very poor service.
5	I love this place! I have been to Thailand so I know what real Thai food tastes like. This place is owned by 2 brothers and they are so nice. The food is great. I love the wor wonton soup, thai beef salad, papaya salad, chicken, pork and beef satay, pad-thai, fried fish with chili mint sauce, and for dessert they have this homemade coconut icecream! I live in Texas now and I cannot find a place that matches up to this restaurant. When I go back to Vegas to visit, this will be the first place I eat at.
3	Man, I've eaten here maybe a dozen times and something is always slightly off. Either the flavors are lacking dimension, or the spice is haphazardly hot, or the temperature of the food is just not hot - almost as if they my dish sit for 10 mins or more until the entire party's order is ready to send out. This is so 1950s. I believe hot food should be eaten. If it's cold - hold.Service here can be less than attentive - our party's water glasses are usually less than half full, and at least half the time either the wrong (white) rice comes out or it takes another 3 or 4 minutes to receive a small bowl to eat out of.To be fair, the average dish at Komol is superior to the average small/midsize town Thai restaurant. It's the execution that is missing. The plates, glassware, silverware, plastic floral decor, and bathrooms are less than spotless. The vinyl-padded, low booths are a little claustrophobic. Once you're done eating you feel like getting the heck out of there.It's not *cheap* either - not expensive, but not as good of a value compared to say, Weera Thai or Kinnaree Thai. I do look forward to trying the Pasty shop next door!
4	We went here because the line at lotus of Siam was crazy and we are happy we did. The food was so yummy. The herbal salad was incredible. I don't like tofu and it was good in this salad because it was crunchy. Great flavor and their own spin on the thai herb salad. We also ordered satay and sweet potato which were ok. The pad thai and drunken noodles were good but not great. The panang was a little too saucy. The tom yum and tom kha were great soups. I'm dreaming about their herb salad...
3	After reading such great reviews I am quite disappointed to find out that my dinner there was mediocre at most.  The Garlic Tofu looked different than the picture on the menu. Instead of freshly deep fried tofu, they had them pre made and stored in the fridge for a week. Pad Thai was dry, salty, and too sour. The Panang curry that every reviewer is raving about did not taste authentic, if anything, they put BBQ sauce in it and made it taste weird. Believe me, I eat a lot of Thai food. In my opinion, Las Vegas has much better Thai restaurants than this one. I would have given it a two star, however our waiter was really nice and we enjoyed his service.
4	Chicken panang was good, thick and creamy, but I prefer the panang at Thai noodle house.  Ordered level four and was the perfect amount of spice.  Although I took one bite and thought my mouth was on fire...must have eaten a whole chili!  Good thing I had some thai iced tea to bring down my searing tastebuds.  My friend got the pad thai spice level three and enjoyed it.  I tried a bit and have had better, but it was still good.  Both of us had the lunch special with comes with choice of soup or salad and an egg roll.  The egg roll is good and any place that gives you spicy mustard with your egg roll is a winner in my book.  We both got salad.  I got the peanut sauce dressing-yum and she had the ginger dressing which she liked.This place is pretty far from me and I have many places on the west side for Thai that I like.  I would recommend you go try this and check out all the other places in this plaza as well!
5	Everything I've had so far at Komol has been outstanding. And even though it's over half an hour away from where my family lives on the West side, I'm going to request a trip here every time I come to visit. So far I've tried the panang curry (once with chicken, once vegetarian), pad thai, eggplant with black bean sauce, house special duck, soft shell crab with garlic sauce, and a combination appetizer plate. One dish is better than the next. They've been spot on with the spice level both times- I asked for a little spicy and it was perfect for me- which I really appreciate. The staff was also helpful in suggesting dishes for the less adventurous eaters in the group. My one complaint is the menu. It's this giant wood binder that's heavy and unwieldy. But other than that I can't wait to come back again and try more of the menu!
5	So good!! The soups are delicious, the curries are incredible, and the desserts are really good! I love the menus themselves, just beautiful.
3	My friend is a hardcore vegetarian so she suggested that we gave Komol a chance.Pros: We both ordered and loved the non-dairy Thai coffee.  Our server was attentive and patience with us.  The place was clean.  My friend got the Pad-Zee-Euw spice leve seven (Stir fried flat rice noodles with broccoli, tofu and soy bean sauce), and she liked it.  I had the Bean Thread Noodle with shrimp (Bean thread noodles mixed with hot and sour sauce, mushroom, onions and tomatoes. Served on a bed of lettuce), and it was OK.  It was mainly sour and not much flavor to it.  I ordered Fried Banana with non-dairy coconut ice-cream.  The titbit of jackfruit in the ice cream were suprisingly refreshing.  However, there was only about half of a small size banana for $5.  Cons: The location was hard to find.  Luckily, my friend knows exactly where it was.  Since we like the quite setting of this place, we wil go back next week and try different dishes on the menu.
4	Great thai in Vegas. Thanks to yelpers for highly recommending this place. Its a small hole in the wall place and located in a dark side of vegas. With the hustle bustle of the sin city this comes as an excellent reasonable delicious find. We ordered Bamboo shoot with veggies in red sauce with Fried Rice and Drunken noodles. The entrees were both excellent. Tasted so good. The separate order of fried rice was screwed up and when we told this to our waiter he was quick to react and remove it off our bill. They have a hoard of vegetarian dishes and for once we didn't have to explain our needs to the staff. The reason for four and not five stars is the service was darn slow. It took close to hour and half for our entrees to arrive.
5	After hearing many enthusiastic reviews from fellow vegetarians and vegans, I was intrigued. First off, finding this place was a little hard for us. They have these huge heavy Woden menus to look from. I ordered a spicy mushroom tom Kha soup and it was so delicious and full of mushrooms and flavor. They ask you what spice level you like, I tend to love my spices. I think it's the part vietnamese in me. I can't remember what my husband and kids ordered but know that they enjoyed it. I was honestly too absorbed in my bowl of soup. The customer service was wonderful here and we didn't wait too long to receive our food. Definitely will be making this a regular place to visit.
1	I've been patronizing this place for a while now.  I used to love the food.  However, with every visit, the quality of food has been on a decline.  I kept going back, though, thinking it might be just that one day that they were not on their game, but it became a pattern. A couple of months ago, I went here with my mom and brother and we ordered a few dishes.  Some highlights:Rice was undercooked.  white rice.  undercooked.  served to us.  The salmon on the salmon curry was severely undercooked, too.  It was basically lightly seared on the outside and had about everything raw in the inside, and I wasn't in the mood for sashimi for lunch that day. Anyway, we informed the server and he quickly gave us a new bowl of rice.  The server also took the salmon dish, since it was too raw for our taste.  When the dish was returned, "fixed," it wasn't a salmon that was on our plate.  It was actually a fish with white meat.  It didn't even taste like a salmon.  They thought that they can pull a fast one on us, since the curry was orange and encapsulated the whole fish.  smh.  We informed the server of this, and he quickly came to defend the dish, stating that, "It IS salmon - it came out of a package."  Ok, well maybe the chef picked from the wrong package (intentionally, perhaps, to save money by using a cheaper fish)?  The chef knew what a salmon looked like a few minutes ago.  The server then agreed that it was a bit on the non-pink side and just deducted that dish from our bill.  If this experience isn't worthy of the 1 star, I don't know what is.
3	As promised, I came back yesterday for dinner.  I tried the Herbal salad and had mixed feeling about the dish.  It was either good or bad.  It just had too much coconut, red onion, but barely any tofu to balance the taste for a vegetarian dish.  The non-dairy ice coffee was good.  The server recognized me and was very friendly.  The place did get crowded  after 6 p.m.  Perharps I have to come back for the third time to order the "right" dish?
5	My cousin took me to this cute restaurant lastnight, and the food was AMAZING. Also, the male waiter we had was really good...I'll be back :)
5	Something I miss about living in San Francisco is living a street away from Thai food. Since I moved back to Las Vegas, I've been deprived from some really awesome food. I thought Vegas' thai food wouldn't be able to live up to SF, but Komol proved me wrong.Location: It was actually kind of hard for us to find this place. We had to ask the guy where it was. It's in the middle area of the shopping center next to the korean restaurants. Atmosphere: Everything about his place is great. The menus are wooden and different from what you expect. My friend said, "These remind me of Jumanji." I thought they looked awesome. Food Pad se ew: These were pretty good. I didn't think they were amazing, but they definitely satisfied the craving I had. They were a little drier and a little less flavorful than what I'm used to, but they were still delicious.Thai iced coffee: YUM! If you're feeling a little tired, you definitely need to give this one a try!Panang Curry: This was the star of the night. We got medium spice and it was perfect! This curry is addicting. Once you start eating it, you definitely won't want to stop. Service: The waiters were very attentive. I never had to ask for a refill on my water (big plus) and they continuously asked if we needed something, but not too much that it got annoying. It was helpful when they needed to check up on us, especially when my friend was ready for dessert.
1	Inconsistent service seems to be what Komol is serving up lately. At the time I write this I'm currently holding the Duke status on the Yelp app from all my check-ins. And I've been a fan of Komol for almost 2 years now. Service over that time has seen some rough spots but my visit today was a first: I walked out without having been served the main part of my order. A little backstory... While Komol has an extensive menu with great offerings like their curries and vegetarian fare it's the Chili Mint Chicken that's my comfort food of choice. I've ordered it so much that most of the staff knows my order...they don't even have to hand me a menu. So yes I know Komol, and when they are on their game they totally blow away their competition across the parking lot. But then you get days like today where you ask for an extra egg roll and never get it. Or it takes them 35+ minutes to attempt to put out a simple plate of Chili Mint Chicken that can normally be done in under half the time. I understand the place gets busy or they have called in orders. But I've been there when the place was even busier and didn't see the delay I had today. And what makes it even more frustrating is my last visit was perfect in almost every way. But the visit before that was almost as bad as today...and this is all in the past 2 weeks. Thankfully there is a McDonalds down the street so a quick unhealthy Big Mac, fries, and a sweet tea kept me from going back to work hungry. But now that I no longer have an empty stomach I wonder how can I get a message across to the Komol staff that their service needs to improve? The only option I have is to drop some stars...and express my frustration where it will get noticed and hopefully acted upon. Come on Komol....fix this mess. Until they make some changes...yeah, Eek! Me thinks not, one star territory seems appropriate. It's harsh...but then again I didn't feel so hot leaving hungry either.
2	Don't follow the name, follow the cook. My favorite place for Thai went bad in a big way... as others have noticed, the quality at Komol for the past year and more has been a poor average, and nothing like its older-self; an equal (and more in terms of its vegetarian options) to its more celebrated neighbor across the square.Research led me to a new Thai restaurant, Kinnaree, where familiar faces in the front and back reassured a return to the service and food I once loved...I insisted on a photo of the cook and a promise that if she moves location again, that she tells me where she will work next.My new favorite place for Thai... as others have noticed, the quality of food and service at Kinnaree for the past year is well above average; the equal to other Thai options in the valley. Sorry Komol but your reputation went when the talent in the kitchen located to Kinnaree.
3	Komol is a good place for a Thai meal that is close to the strip and the location (off of Sahara) makes it a hidden gem.  As a vegan I am always looking for good places to frequent when I do not feel like cooking at home. I went at lunchtime on Sunday and started with a cucumber salad.  It was refreshing and more than enough to share. For the main course I ordered a lo mein dish and orange tofu (I am on a serious hunt for a great orange tofu).  Both were good and the portions were plenty to satisfy my post-swap meet hunger.  I only gave 3 stars because the service was a bit slow for the number of customers in the restaurant and the orange tofu was a bit on the well done side.  I will be sure to visit again, probably for dinner.
5	My partner and I come to Komol at least twice a week. You won't find authentic Thai better anywhere else in Vegas. I usually order shrimp and chicken Pad Thai with the spice turned up. Soooo good. If you've not tried the homemade coconut ice cream with sticky rice, you're missing out. Komol blows Lotus of Siam out of the water, IMO, and always a much shorter wait. The service is pretty stellar too!
4	Had some pretty yummy Thai food here last night... Lots of good vegetarian options, and when you order spicy, it's actually spicy! The service was a bit slow, but there was a large wedding party seated at the same time as my party so maybe that's why...This might be a good back up plan if the wait for lotus of Siam is too long- it's in the same strip mall.
2	Told the wait would be 1/2hr. Took an hr to be seated. Another hr for appetizers to come out, another 30min for the rest of appetizer, another 20 min for main course. 3 1/2 hours for Thai food!  Food was JUST Ok.  Tapioca dessert was the highlight.
5	It is ironic that a shopping center w/sex clubs and churches can have 2 of the best Thai restaurants in town.  This one continues to get better.  If your vegetarian try the kad ped delight w/faux chicken.  If not try the ultimate shrimp omelet.  An extensive menu of culinary delights w/curry dishes to die for I have gone here for 10 years and have never been disappointed.
5	Komol is my favorite Thai restaurant in Vegas, for sure!  Chicken chili mint is super tasty and I always get the beef masaman which is yummy.  Whenever I go with my family, they order a ton of things and I've never tried anything that wasn't cooked well. The desserts are all really good as well.  The location is a bummer because it's pretty far east from where I live but it's definitely worth the drive.  Thai tea is also good!
5	Nice causal ambience, homely feel. Great food variety including veggie options, good for families and groups. Well priced lunch specials.
3	This review is based on To-go food only. Not dining in. However I feel that it would be the same if I had dined in. If I ever do, I will make sure to update this review. I am somewhat picky with my Thai food. I want it flavorful and spicy. I felt that Komol lacked a little bit of both. I ordered the Pad Kee Mao noodles and the Garlic and pepper chicken. Both level 8 in heat.I really liked the flavor of the noodles, but the spice was not there. I would consider this a level 2 - 3 at other places. That is my biggest pet peeve when dining Thai. You are suppose to have the spiciest of foods, level 8 should BURN!! The chicken was ok, but more garlicky that peppery. And again, NOT SPICY ENOUGH. One of the reasons I tried this place was because on their website they brag about the spice level and that they can "heat you up". Um, was that false advertising? Maybe I have to ask for the extra heat level? The food had potential, but just didn't hit the spot, CLOSE, but not quite. I would like to add that the service was exactly what I would want. Friendly people who help you pronounce the dishes correctly and answer questions when asked. Both the woman who took my order over the phone as well as the person at the counter were extremely friendly.  I wouldn't say I will never come again, but I will try to be more specific when ordering if so. Try to find that heat level they brag about.
4	Best Thai food in town
5	Service is a priority. 100% money back guarantee. The owner and servers are very polite and friendly.The portions are very generous. This restaurant is very accommodating for people with particular diets. And will customize any dish to your liking. Most importantly the food is delicious!! I always leave this place happy and satisfied. You gotta try it. You will not be disappointed.
5	Some of the best Thai food I have ever had!  Everything I have tried here is really yummy!  The service is also great.  I always want to stop here when i'm in Vegas!  I haven't found Thai food this good in Denver.
5	VEGETARIAN REVIEW: Most Thai food joints have vegetarian options, but Komol offers at least two pages of the menu dedicated to vegan/vegetarian options (you can choose veggies, gluten, or tofu). The tofu panang is the must-do dish, along with the rich Thom Ka coconut milk-based mushroom soup. I eat here every time I'm in Vegas, and never leave disappointed; we have brought family and friends over the last two decades, and everyone leaves impressed. It's worth the 10 minute drive off the strip to dine here!
5	I've been coming here for a few years now and this is still my favorite spot for Thai food. You can't go wrong with their chicken Tom Yum soup! We ordered it at the 7 spice level...the spicier the better. It had a little more mushrooms than I care for but it was still as delicious as ever. The service tends to vary every time we come in, sometimes the service we receive is fast sometimes it's slow...the one thing that never changes is that their staff is always nice and friendly. We tried the garlic fried rice with shrimp...WAY better than the regular shrimp fries rice. I can't believe we had never ordered it before! I can't wait to go back! ::drool::
5	Came here for lunch with a big group (18). They had no problem serving us. It was such a pleasant dining experience. I was able to try a lot of different dishes. My favorites are pineapple fried rice, green curry fried rice, panang curry, garlic fried rice, beef massaman and the fried ice cream + desserts. I would definitely come back here again.
5	If I could live on this food I so would. I love that you can get a dish either Vegetarian or vegan and the "meat options" there's not many vegetarian friendly places here in Vegas so it's definitely wonderful to find this little gem. The service might be a little leggy but trust me the food makes up for it and it helps that it's all very fairly priced.HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
3	Always great food. Spicy rating can be a little hot or miss. Defiantly love the Panang but don't get the egg rolls - I can get better out of a freezer at the grocery store and I wish they delivered as we are only 2 miles away.
3	Came with a big group and the service was great! It's in a not so exciting shopping center but inside its pretty nice and calming. Spacious too. Makes you forget you parked in a weird shopping center, haha. FOOD:Pad Zee Euw (4 stars): Not like the normal pad see ew's I've had but still probably one of the better dishes I tried from here. Chili mint chicken (3 stars): Didn't expect it to be ground chicken, so I wasn't too much of a fan. It didn't say ground chicken on the menu, they should really specify. Steamed sea bass (4 stars): Perfectly cooked fish. Kung Pao Tofu (1 star): Didn't taste like much. Mongolian Tofu (1 star): Couldn't really taste any sauce, not flavorful.Vegetable Delight (3 stars): Probably one of the better vegetarian dishes I tried, still not as much flavor as I was looking for, but more than the other tofu dishes.  Egg fried rice (4 stars): Liked this one too! Pineapple fried rice (3 stars) : Ehh, liked the egg fried rice better. Tasted a little too sweet. Yellow Indian Curry (4 stars): Good curry sauce. Not as strong as a usual yellow curry but it was still flavorful.They also give you white rice with the dishes. I probably would have given it 4 stars if we didn't order any of the tofu dishes. Those were lacking in flavor, but if you're a meat eater you'll have better luck. SERVICE (5 stars)The waitress we had was super nice and accommodating.
3	Ok,  the first time we were here the food was excellent and the service as great but the last two times the food was good but the service was poor.   We waited more than 40 minutes for our food which  think is ridiculous.   We waited so long for our food I sort of loss my appetite.   Next time I return to the Lotus of Siam for my Thai dining experience.   Too bad because I really wanted to give them 5 stars.
5	This place has the best Thai food I've ever had. My husband and I have been coming here for about 10 years. The staff is so nice. At this point they know what we want to eat and ask how our kids are doing. I fell at home here. BEST FOOD EVER! we are vegetarian and they have everything Vegi even Vegi shrimp YUMMY!!!
2	Sorry reviewers this restaurant is no match for Lotus of Siam. Everything fine at Komal-great service, cleanliness, good food but no match for Lotus of Siam. So disappointed after reading what the Wall Street Journal had to say.
5	Keep this place a secret. I'm a foodie and a food critic, this is my go to place for Thai. Nothing disappoints.
5	Great food! My honey and I are vegan so we order veggie filled dishes. For first timers, the panang is a MUST! Their sweet potato appetizer is delicious. All the desserts are yummy! We eat here from time to time and we love the panang so much that we hardly ever venture out to other dishes. Also, Dutch is AWESOME!!!
4	Am I fan?  Yes.As good as Lotus?  I dunno know about that.The tom yum was as good as I've had, ever.  I do like mine a little more lemongrassy than most, and I thought it was amazing.  I was eating alone on my way to the airport, so I definitely get to try as much as I'd wanted.  The beef salad was good but doesn't hold a candle to the salads or the tartare at Lotus. But the [pork] larb was also as good as I've had.Final verdict is that if going to eat Thai in Vegas, I'm going to Lotus.  But if I haven't made a reservation and there's a 1+ hour wait there, I'm walking across Commercial Center to Komol-- and I won't be too upset about it.  That may or may not sounds like a ringing endorsement, but it is.  Uncle Boons in NYC is the only other Thai restaurant I've been to in the US that deserves to be listed with those two, and that's much more fancy (not in a good way).Also, don't let the "vegan/vegetarian" tagline throw you off-- it has all the non-veg options you would expect.
4	One star off because the service is hit or miss. But their curry makes up for everything else. Seriously the best curry in town!
2	This did not meet my expectations from reviews and photos that were posted.  I thought it is a bit pricey, especially for the appetizers.
5	Our meal was all vegetarian.  We started off with the chicken nuggets and spring rolls with chicken.  We then had the mushroom soup with tofu and chicken salad.  We also had the pad Thai.  Overall the food was amazing.  Highly recommend the vegetarian section.   Next time I'd go with the mild spices as opposed to medium.  Service was good.  They were attentive and were quick with refills.
5	I came here after struggling to find good vegetarian food in Vegas. This place answered all my needs in a simple, delicious way.The staff are very friendly and knowledgeable, the prices are excellent and the menu is extensive. It's not just vegetarian food - they have everything available, including vegan. I had a lovely evening and everything was amazing.
2	Disappointing overall.  Spring rolls were unpleasant.  Poor flavor and texture.  Vegetarian massaman curry was okay.  Good spice, overly sweet.
4	5 stars for the food! 3 stars for everything else.. This will be the spot I take all my out-of-towners if they are craving some Thai food!I had some family that were visiting and they were in the mood for some quality grubbing. After doing a quick search on the yelp, I was intrigued by this spot. Following the recommendations of the yelp squad, we quickly made our way over here from the hotel where they were staying.When we arrived here, there was a short 10 minute wait. The atmosphere is very quaint. The first thing I noticed as we were escorted to our booth was that the seats are in desperate state of disrepair. I literally sunk half a foot into them. We received our cool engraved menus and proceeded to order. The suggestions from previous yelp reviews were imbedded into our minds, and helped us tremendously. Food wise, it was probably some of the best Thai, ever. And I truly mean that. The spice level that we asked for in each dish was exactly on point, something that has never happened to me except at LoS. That says a lot.Herbal Salad - believe the hype, for it is real. This is a *must order* item! I don't know if this their signature dish, but it should be. It's a very unassuming plate.. but aren't a lot of great dishes the same way? After taking in that first spoon, it was love at first bite. The textures were amazing. Apples, crunchy tofu, lemongrass, and much, much more. I'll leave it to you guys who've never tried it, to experience it for yourselves. You won't regret it.Drunken noodles - they killed it here as well. I was mystified how they were able to add all that flavor into each rice noodle. It's pretty crazy. It was as if the sauce and spices were made into the noodles. A stunner!Mango sticky rice - the mango was perfectly ripe, and tasted how a real mango should taste like. The sticky rice was sticky-icky! It also wasn't cloyingly sweet, and complimented the mango brilliantly. Another winner!The panang curry and tom yum soup were excellent and items that I would highly recommend!But, like in many operations, service kind of destroyed a great meal. Our server was gracious, kind, and helpful. But asking two servers to run a full restaurant, taking orders, running their food, and bussing their tables is just asinine. I know that the business is trying to cut costs, but as the great Chris Carter says "C'mon, man!"Service aside, I would happily come back here because the food is that good. I shall see you on that flip side!
5	Great place and environment. Their menu is huge and prices are very reasonable.  Come hungry and share!  I'm not a noodle guy, usually, but so far have enjoyed four different noodle dishes.  I'll try a new one each time.  Also, the number seven is just about as hot as I can take if I want to enjoy the flavor.  Family owned and operated. I love it! #eatlocal #vegas #thai
4	Gonna keep it real. Went here because lotus was packed. In its own right, this place was busy too.Really good tofu pad thai. I'd come back for it. I gotta try more of the menu when I get back.
2	I swore the last couple times I've been here I said to myself never again. Komol used to be my favorite Thai Restaurant in town at one time. They used to deliver to my work, so I ate their food frequently. The last few times I've been there I have noticed the food isn't as good as it used to be. We went there last night, had a reservation, when we arrived the employees were running around like crazy. The place was busy, but not anything crazier than I've seen it before. We are seated and wait for awhile for someone to take our orders. She finally comes and we are both famished. Had we known what was about to transpire, we would've ordered our entrees. So we eat our salad, and she comes to take out entree order. We waited ONE HOUR for our food to arrive. I was so hungry I was close to walking out. Then, my entree arrives. Mine only. The waitress leaves the table. Doesn't say a word about my friends dish. I sit patiently staring at my food. We call her over to see what's going on and she says "it will be out soon". So I'm sitting there patiently for my friends food to arrive, where I come from it's rude to eat without everyone having their entree. Ten minutes later it arrives. My Pad Kee Mao was less than stellar. I ate the shrimp out of it and left everything else. Needless to say, I won't be going back.
5	Stumbled across this on yelp while looking for some local thai places for dinner. AMAZING thai food here. Recommend: chicken panang curry, garlic rice (yum), tom ka soup, beef massaman curry, with the mango sticky rice for dessert. The chicken panang curry and tom ka soup was my favorite. So rich in flavor and the chicken so tender. Delicious! Every item we ordered was good. So if you're looking for some good eats off the strip come here. Why wait an hour at the popular lotus siam next door when you can come here? Great food for reasonable prices and excellent service. They even called a cab for us to get back to our hotel. Highly recommend this little gem. We'll be back.
2	Food: I'm very glad this place's menu has a multitude of vegetarian options. The options are even available with soy meat. Started off with fried wontons. I mistook the fried wontons as being the cream cheese stuffed ones, but I was wrong. My first couple wontons didn't even have a filling so it was just friend wonton wrapper, but on the third one, I noticed something like chicken inside. Whoops. Then I had the shrimp pad thai at the "Thai Spicy" level which is their hottest level. The heat intensity was good but could've been hotter (I really like spicy food). I liked that the chili didn't detract from the flavor of the pad thai. But unfortunately, my shrimp was under seasoned and both the shrimp and noodles were overcooked. Noodles should have a little past al-dente consistency, but these noodles were rubbery and sticky. Service: Granted I was there for a birthday party and there were 12 people on our table. . .but service was slow. Our waiter left a pitcher of water on our table and it showed just how they rarely came around. Once we'd ordered, it took a good 20+ minutes to get our food out. When the food came out, it was ticket by ticket since the check was split. One side of the table got food before everyone else. I ended up waiting at least 10 minutes after everyone else until my food was served. In Komol's defense, another person at our table didn't get her food until way after me so Komol comped her dish because it took so long. We kept asking for additional sake cups. It wasn't until our third request that we actually got them. Overall: Service could've been better and I've had way spicier and better Thai food. I would go back to try their vegetarian options, but there are better options available in Las Vegas.
1	I wanted to like Komol because it's close to my house and they carry brown rice.Upon walking in to pick up my to go order I was greeted by an unfriendly face. The rest of the interaction I had with this young lady was like pulling teeth. The food was also extremely disappointing and reminded me of the greasy Asian food at a mall food court. I ordered the chicken panang curry; pad thai with chicken; spring rolls. Panang curry was ridiculously oily that I could not bring myself to eat it and later brought it back for a refund. The pad Thai was also oily and it came in a Chinese take out box which made the noodles clump together. The brown rice I had along with my food was crunchy.After I ate, I went back for a refund for the brown rice and panang curry. I wanted to show them how oily the curry was and that is was not edible. The man did not seem like he cared about improving these issues and just wanted me out of the restaurant. I left with a refund but will never be back.
3	This place for being highly rated doesn't quite add up due to the service that my self and my party experienced. I think the high ratings are for the FOOD and not the service. The food was good but it didn't match the taste of other places I have been to. Who doesn't give limes with pad Thai and why do I have to wait 5 mins when requested?! The service has to be one of the worst I have ever experienced. When we got there, it was a little crowded but nothing out of ordinary. For a table of 4, once food was ordered, WE WAITED AN HOUR AND HALF for the food, and then the food came out staggered. Our waitress, while accommodating at first, became lethargic and dismissive towards us after the ordered was placed. The 3 star review is hampered by the service and not the food, food: 3.75, service: -4.26, it doesn't add up but definitely not far fetched either. Not a fan and probably won't return.
1	.
1	1 Star for Komol? Absolutely. Komol's food is usually really good, so much so that it's been on my weekly lunch rotation for almost 2 years. But no matter how good their food is, if you can't get service nothing else matters. Less than an hour ago as I write this and for the 2nd time recently I've walked out without getting my food. If the parking lot is packed service always seems to suffer. Thursdays in particular seem to be the worst. While LOS across the parking lot is a lot more expensive and overrated in my opinion, at least I can get something to eat there. When the Komol staff knows you by name, and even knows your favorite order and they still screw it up...yeah, that's certainly 1 Star worthy.
1	I would give zero stars if I could. What a terrible experience. We went there for lunch, it was packed and we got seated at a long table where other people were seated a few seats down at the same table. Like a school lunch situation. They kept forgetting about us. It took forever to order our food and the people seated long after us got their food first. We inquired about our food and were told it's coming. Then a waitress came by and told us they were out of Indian curry and asked what else we wanted. 45 minutes in and they are just now telling us that they haven't even started our lunch!!!! Hungry and outraged we left. It should be noted that the table next to us got up and left without receiving thier food bc it took so long and they had to get back to work. I would never recommend this place. Avoid it if you can.
4	Food was great but they seemed short staffed during lunch that day. The tom kha Kai soup, pad Thai, and fresh rolls  were all yummy!
4	Good thai restaurant, if u r craving thaiVegetarians have a good number of choices to explore. Good service, good food and okish ambience.
4	Being in the same shopping center as Lotus of Siam it was a toss up if we should come here or not.  Komol didn't disappoint. The menu here is heavy enough to beat away someone trying to attack you which is a grand way to make a impression. The service here was very attentive and the waiter was good about engaging in conversation without being long winded.  The food is a little slow to come out is my only complaintThe good:Chicken Penang curry: deep rich flavors with coconut milkGarlic soft shell crab -  loaded with garlic. yum. a little small compared to what i had before bHerbal salad - Good but not crazy about all the toasted coconut.  Tom yum soup - just okay and a little oily
5	This place is probably the best dive of a Thai restaurant you can find in Las Vegas. Very vegan friendly and they have an excellent "Thai Herbal Salad" specific to their establishment only that is full of punches of herbal flavor wonderland in your mouth. From coconut to lemongrass, roasted cashews to basil. Trust me you'll like it :-)
2	Be prepared to wait atleast an hour even after a reservation.Same experience for two days in a row.We are vegeterian and they have good options for us and so we came in for dinner for two consecutive days.
1	This place SUCKs !!!Waited 2 hours for the foodThen get hit with a 18% service chargeFOOD taste NASTY
4	The food is good, portions are enough for two people. We haven't had to wait to be seated in the 5 times we've been. This place is located in the same center as Lotus of Siam. When it's an hour wait to get in there Komol is a great option.
5	Love thai food and LOVE Komol even more for their extensive vegetarian/vegan menu! There is something for everyone on this menu. My meat eating mom will even share dishes with me here because she loves their food too!We had a long wait 2 years ago on Christmas Eve or Xmas day, but other than that all other visits was the normal wait time 5-10 mins. We have a personal rule that no establishment is worth waiting for, especially in Vegas where everything is readily available. Favorite Apps: Fried tofu, spring rollsFavorite drinks: Thai iced coffee and Thai iced teaFavorite Soup: Corn Soup, still want to try their noodle soupsFavorite Main Dish: Vegetarian Massaman Curry w/soy duck, veg pad thai, garlic tofuI will happily support this family establishment who is cooking up delicious Thai in Vegas!
4	Overall , one of my favorite places to eat . I really enjoy the chili mint . I eat vegetarian & also have celiac's disease so eat Gluten free. So I modify my meals a lot . My husbands favorite is the sweet & sour chicken or tofu . Not a big curry eater ... But my sister loves their curry . Kind of a hard spot to find your first time going . Small little place . Suggest making reservations. Couple times we have just showed up when they had your busses out front & there was over an hour wait .  So of coarse we went elsewhere . The prices are great & food is super tasty . If you have Gluten allergies like me ... They DO have gluten free soy sauce just make sure you request a server who is aware of gluten allergy . We have had a female who was extremely friendly , but got our allergy confused & messed up the order . Not in the best area, but always worth the drive , especially if we are heading out to strip or downtown . Definitely one of the very few places I can go eat with my diet . :)
4	The menu is good here, because they have both vegan/vegetarian options for my friends, and MEAT dishes for us carnivores. Anyway, the first thing I liked about this place was the menus with cool wood covers. See attached pic. Then I decided to try the Goong Hom Sabai, aka wonton wrapped shrimp. When the plate arrived it had 6 shrimp and a nice pile of fried onion rings on the plate. I tried one of the shrimp, but was pretty disappointed on how thick and floury the wonton tasted. I didn't eat anymore, because it was just not good. However, the onion rings were delicious!!  The very friendly waiter told me he would take it off my ticket since I didn't eat the shrimp, but I told him he could charge me, since I ate the onion rings and loved them. Of course he took it off anyway. Next I ordered the Pad-Kee-Mao with pork, even though the menu only says shrimp and chicken.  This was pretty good, but a little less basil would be preferred. I love the big flat noodles and it had a good flavor. I ordered it a 7 on the 1-10 hot scale, and it was just right...even a little nose run at the end of the meal. Lastly we finished off with some non-dairy coconut ice cream. It was very tasty...glad my friend ordered it. I will be back here for sure!!
4	This is my third time to Komol and I really enjoy the place overall.The last time I went here was Sunday and at 2:00 pm and it was an experience!Location - In the inner square of the Sahara Commercial Center on the East side of the square.  Plenty of parking and never too crowded.  A.  Service - The staff is pretty attentive and you can get seated immediately.  Coming in at 2:00 pm on a Sunday, there were 8 of us and we were seated in minutes. There was another large table of people half way eating and then tables of 3-4 people were scattered.  Immediately after we were seated, two other smaller parties came in and were seated.B.  The Wait - It took us about 45 minutes to get our food and then when it came, it took another 10 minutes for everyone to get their orders. We ordered individually.  The reason given was that the three parties came in at the same time. I am not sure what you do in this case, but I would not make people wait so long. I would give them some free appetizers, or snack food or something to keep them going. C.  No Wings - WE ordered individually and even ordered two orders of wings for the table.  Never got the wings, as an appetizer or as a main meal.  That was odd. We had to advise the server and their response was that they would remove it from the check. No options here.D.  The Food - This is where it is great.Sukiyuki Thai Style - I wasn't too hungry and this soup was pretty tasty. I ordered it hot and it was very mild.  Good amount of seafood.Garlic Soft Shell Crab - Wow, what a nice tasty dish.Beef and Bok Choy- OK, doesn't sound to Thai, but that is what the daughter ordered. I thought it was cooked good!Massaman Curry - The wife ordered this and loved it.  Beef is normal for Massaman and it did not disappoint.Pad Thai - Huge plate with plenty of the good stuff.Fried Rice - Another huge plate. But we polished this off for some reason.The Food is very, very good.  It is worth it.Generally, the service is good, but not very professional. One time I came in and they were busy so the Tom Yum soup was served in a soup bowl and not the hot charcoal cooker it should be.  that affects the ambiance and the atmosphere as well as the hot taste!I like this place and will come back.  Especially important when Lotus of Siam is overly crowded or closed until 5:00 pm on Sundays.GK says, be prepared, but the food is darn good.
4	Love this place, I try to stop in ever time I'm in Vegas. Great flavor in the food, good and fast service, good pricing.I love their Pad Thai and they have a good selection for vegetarians.Highly recommend!
1	I've been coming here for a while now and the food WAS amazing. Everytime I'm in Vegas, komol is a must but lately it's been bad and I'm talking about the food because the service has always been horrible. If it wasn't for the food (panang) I wouldn't even bother coming back. I hate how there's no customers yet it still takes about 45-an hour for our food to come out. And the worst part is they never seem to bring out the food at the same time. These workers have no urgency whatsoever. I usually don't write reviews but this is a must read for future customer and it needs to be addressed.
4	A regular stop when we're in Las Vegas!Located in the bizarre "Commerical Center" off Sahara, a sprawling huge parking lot with restaurants, odd businesses, strange clubs and an occasional crack dealer and homeless guy with no shirt and a shopping cart stumbling around, we've come to love our dining experiences at Komol.It's a friendly, family run place and we've had no big problems with the service like another recent reviewer.Once seated you're presented with a heavy wooden menu! It weighs like 3 pounds!They have great vegan options including soups, salads and wok-made dishes of all varieties, and a great portion of brown rice if you order it.On a recent visit we requested that all of our dishes be prepared with as little oil as possible--but things were still on the oily side, especially our eggplant with black bean sauce dish which was positively greasy. It's almost as if the chef did the opposite of our request. So, I'm deducting one star--I'm simply not a fan of lots of oil and grease in Asian food.Bye for now; we'll see you on our next trip!
5	Komol versus Lotus of Siam.... Went to both during our foodie adventure tour of Las Vegas and hands down the winner by far is Komol!  For fresher veggies and a more broad protein and seafood selection Komol has it.  Interestingly we went to Lotus of Siam first but chose not to wait in line for an hour during peak dinner time due to having show tickets so we stumbled upon Komol (same shopping center) .  We were blown away by the soft shell crab entree and chicken with greens that we just had to see if Lotus was THAT much better. The next day we went to Lotus and had Nam Prik and Khao Soi (their signature Northern Thai dishes) and wasn't that impressed.  Not much flavor in the Khao Soi and the Nam Prik was like any I had before.  Lotus of Siam overrated - for sure!
3	Our food took a very long time.   The portions of what we ordered were significantly smaller than other Thai restaurants. Yellow chicken curry wasn't bad. It was however not as thick as I prefer and we all thought it was too sweet.  Beef pad see ew was good but also small. Because the portions were so small we ordered a chow mein.  This time it was large but had no flavor and i would not order it again.
4	Komol is definitely on my weekly lunch rotation. I really enjoy the chicken Indian curry, pad Thai, and pad see ew. The herbal salad is also great! The employees are very nice, however service can be inconsistent. It seems that during dinner time it can take quite a while for your food to come out. Also, the spice level can be inconsistent as well. I opt for mild to medium in spice which can range from "hey where's the spice?" To "OMG my lips are burning!" So now I stick to saying mild to play it safe. This place has a great vegetarian menu as well and all of those dishes are delicious too. Definitely a restaurant that you should try. Also, get the Thai iced tea with coconut milk...amazing!
5	The staff is super friendly and food tasted so yummy. Was on a hype to try Vegetarian Dishes and this really was a great spot. Will come back!
5	We got turned away from lotus of Siam and couldn't be happier. Top 5 Thai food experiences of our lives. We ordered the family meal for $32 and feasted! We had tom ka gai--it was perfect.  Then we had a beef salad--the beef was tender and incredible. Then the chili mint chicken--diced with chili and mint. Then ice cream at the end. We were pretty psyched with the entire experience. Two great restaurants across the strip mall from each other. Who knew?
1	Update: came here for lunch with a group of 6. Ordered and still waiting for our food after an hour. Waitress was not polite at all.
2	I'm one of two parties in the restaurant, and I can't get my food. The last time I was here, I had to get the checks for my entire table and it took two hours. Today, they forgot my second dish altogether.It's hard to find good tasting vegan food, but one shouldn't have to beg for it. If the service doesn't improve, I'm going to have to start taking my lunch time business elsewhere.My soup took so long, I had to take it to go, and let the noodles dissolve in the soup.Please fix this Komol. An apology would have been a good start!
5	Komol is a delicious in the wall I love their green curry chicken.  Decent price for good food.
5	Great vegetarian menu in town. Herbal salad and vegetarian panang is THE MUST !! Service also friendly and prompt. I will be back to try more dishes !!
1	Komol used to be one of my personal Best of Las Vegas favorites...and a weekly lunch stop for me. But that changed when I've sat there for lunch and spent 45 minutes waiting for food that never arrived and I ended up walking out more than once. Their Chili Mint Chicken is good, the Panang Curry...is wonderful. And to be honest they totally blow away the overhyped Northern Thai place right across the parking lot with 4x the number of Yelp reviews. But I'm not coming back to Komol for awhile. I hope the ownership of Komol can take some time to work on handling large groups. Yes, having several tables full of Zappos people is good for business. But when you can't find the time to bring one glass of Thai tea, an eggroll, and a plate of Panang Curry out to one of your regulars...you've got some problems. The place could use some spiffing up too, and they've been playing the same piped in music so long I can tell when the music is going to start over again. 1 Star. I don't want special service, just take my order and bring me my food and don't make me late getting back to work. I don't think that's asking too much.
5	I spent 10 days in las Vegas for business and searched out vegan friendly restaurants. 2 of the 5 I found were no longer open and I went for sit down service here to Komol. It was the most authentic Thai and has a very large vegan selection.  The following night I returned and had dinner and also purchased lunch for the following day.
5	I would highly recommend this restaurant. The food is great, excellent portions, friendly and attentive staff. I was most pleased to know this is a family owned business and the owners also work in the restaurant. One of my favorite things is the menu, lots of options, easy to read with pictures. Most Thai restaurants have the menu written in Thai and that makes it difficult to try new plates. The restaurant has been in business for 26 years !!!!
1	This place was soo disgusting!!! They had sooo much garlic chopped all over the food!!  When the server came back and asked how the food was, my cousin told her the food was disgusting and she simply said, " ohhhhh" and turned around.... Uh ohh ok...... check Pleeease!'
5	This is my go-to Thai place in Las Vegas. I have always had great service, although sometimes you can wait a while for your food. Their curries and noodle dishes are consistently good.  I prefer Komol over Lotus of Siam, which is just across the parking lot. Lotus has a more extensive menu, but they always, always have a long wait, whereas at Komol the longest I've ever waited is about 15 minutes max.
4	Pad Se Ew is so good here! Nice and spicy and not too oily like some other places. I usually get a side of sticky rice to eat with it just in case it's a little too spicy. Coffee ice cream is a good wake up at the end of the meal. They take reservations. Servicer really took good care of us. This is a great spot for vegetarians and vegans.
4	Komol review-Komol is a nice "hole in the wall" that could do more to live up to its 4 star reputation. It was hard to find in that big parking lot, but once we found it we were promptly and politely greeted. Like everyone has mentioned, the menus are a work of art! We ordered the soft shell crab and it was delicious, but the portion size was smaller than my fist and for the price it just was not worth it. My curry was ok but I wouldn't order it here again. We actually came for the vegetarian menu and ordered spring rolls and pad Thai. The vegetarian spring rolls were great, just a bit too much basil and the serving size was huge! The vegetarian pad Thai was also great, filled with veggies and tofu! Overall this is a good place to eat if you have money!Pros:1. Vegetarian menu was delicious2. Beautiful menu design3. Caring wait staffCons:1. Small portions for the price.2. Food was "meh" considering the cost.
5	Me encanto Los Platos Vegetarianos!!!Vegetarian Plates are great!!!Can't wait to visit Vegas again to try more food.
1	I got food poisoning from the chicken pad see ewe last time I was here . Ruined me for Thai food for god knows how long. On a brighter note, the herbal salad is epic!
5	The herbal salad is fantastic, unlike anything I have ever had.  The chef/owner created it many years ago - it has so many unique ingredients, you really need to try it yourself.  I look forward to my trips to Las Vegas where I can enjoy what is truly my favorite restaurant
2	I expected to be impressed by this restaurant. Not so, as the most impressive item was my Singha beer served in an ice cold glass mug. The food was mediocre, including the soft shell crab.The service and atmosphere were okay, but the quality of the food does not compare to Ocha.
2	Long wait at Lotus of Siam so came here. Disappointment! The Basil fried rice did not even have basil in (maybe 2 leafs) and was not even fried. I ordered penang curry which had no spice even though I asked for spicy.
5	Another terrific evening at our stand-by go to place.Excellent food, proper service, inexpensive .I've seen many people and places come and go.Komol is a standard, always consistent, very satisfying.A standard that's hard to find in Vegas.I'm very Grateful!
4	The food was excellent.  As a vegetarian, they had so many options!
5	The food is absolutely amazing! I was so impressed by the quality of the food! The herbal salad is to die for! The service is the best! I do wish the restaurant as located in a better area. But hey looks are deceiving!
5	This is officially my new go-to Thai restaurant in Las Vegas. What brought us here was a magazine list of spicy restaurants in the U.S. and this one happened to be in the city we were in. Now me and my boyfriend love spicy food. So we call up one of my friends and are there not even a few hours later.The place wasn't too busy for a weekend, and we got seated right away. The menu had a huge selection. The three of us decided to share the Tom Kha, Herbal Salad, Pad Kee Mao, and Chili Mint Beef. Tom Kha - I don't think I have ever had a tastier soup. It's a perfect combination of spice and coconut milk. Herbal Salad - Crispy, refreshing, and citrusy. Like this salad and the soup alone earn 5 stars.Pad Kee Mao - Flat noodle dish, tasty.Chili Mint Beef - I was a little too overwhelmed by the chili to taste any mint. But I don't blame Komol since my boyfriend ordered it a level 10 spiciness. I really love that this place does turn the heat up though. At a lot of Thai places, 5 is just barely spicy and 10 is like eh. Here, 5 is regular spicy and at 10, you're on fire.Hoping to be back in Vegas soon to stop by here!
5	Favorite Thai restaurant in the whole world. Not even a competition: hands down the best Thai place for vegans.
2	As a vegetarian, I was really excited to try this place out, but unfortunately had a really bad experience.Came in the other night around 8:30pm, wasn't busy at all, we were sat and waited almost 20 minutes before we were even greeted at the table, after we ordered we waited another 30 minutes for the food to come, our pad Thai was cold, and they forgot our other plate, and when it finally came it was burnt. And that still would've been okay but our server was unapologetic and didn't seem to care.I work as a server as well and know things can get busy and mistakes can happen and I am sympathetic with that. But the overall service was bad, slow, and the food was disappointing.
4	Nice place just off the North strip. The garlic soft shell crab is delicious!  I was practically licking the plate clean. Its probably one of the most expensive items on the menu but it was still only $20. Will be visiting this place again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Best.Thai.Ever. I found it on Yelp (never disappoints). It was neck and neck with another location so I decided I would try both. I never made it to the other place and went two more times on my trip. Pad Thai with chicken - spicy was amazing!!!
5	Komol is the overshadowed younger brother of Lotus of Siam. It's just as good, if not better, in my opinion, but doesn't have half of the notoriety--or the crowds, fortunately. It's usually full, but no lines like LoS.  The vegetables are fresh, the spices--especially curry--must be something homemade instead of packaged, because they're distinct and uniquely rich.  We've been known to go here several days a week, because there's so much to try, and we have so many favorites, it really never gets old.If you like curry, you really MUST try their Panang. It's unreal.Also a consistent hit with us is the Pad See Ew--it must have freshly made noodles, because it's truly addictive.
5	Komol Restaurant is a neighborhood favorite which has excellent vegan food and a warm staff. It is a super relaxed atmosphere, in a hole in the wall space, which only adds to it's charm. It is so nice to have a restaurant with healthy and reasonably priced options. They have simple sides such as steamed greens, broccoli, sweet potato and tofu which make a perfect, simple dinner. The chimichirri seitan skewers are out of this world and the cajun seitan sandwich is delicious if you're feeling indulgent!
5	This is a truly legit Thai restaurant. They specialize in meat-free dishes but will serve whatever protein you desire. The origin story that was told to me was that the famous Lotus of Siam (basically in the same shopping center) wouldn't serve something vegetarian so one of the chefs left and started this place. Whether it's true or not, the quality is off the charts good. The curry was probably my favorite. I went with a local, who ordered for the table, so I can't really recall the exact names of these dishes. But it was really top notch all the way.
4	I have been here a couple of times and I have always enjoyed it. I love their huge wooden menus. The menu is not only large in physical size, but there is much to choose from. I have tried their herbal salad, shrimp pad thai, omelet, and tom-kha. All seasoned quite nicely. Prompt service and deliciously fresh.
1	Something has gone horribly awry with Komol. This was a personal favorite of my husband and mine and we never even minded the long wait times but today's trip was a joke. Not a single noodle in the noodle soup, the saltiest panang I've had in my life and the most bland beef and peppers ever made. The service was terrible with appetizers coming out after the entrees 90 minutes after ordering. I was starving which is the only reason I ate anything at all because I feared it would take another eternity if I sent it back. The saving grace was the soup, the mushroom Tom Kha was fantastic. After looking at the reviews, we're not alone in our disappointment and it just sucks because this was a go-to of ours for so long. The hunt for delicious thai continues....
3	Had been there for a dinner on Christmas night. It was very crowded and luckily we were able to get a table for 3 without much of a wait time. However, the food took about an hour to arrive after we ordered. The service is very slow and they apologized for it too. They are understaffed for sure.  Otherwise, the taste was good and just as what I wanted in a Thai food. This place is good if you are ready to wait an hour to get your food.
5	Amazing thai food (!!!!), very pretty decor, and no wait time! This beats Lotus of Siam any day in my book. The soup bowls come with a mini heater to keep them sizzling, delicious, and near and dear to my heart.
5	price/performance ratio here is very good. excellent, tasty food at very reasonable prices. there's no good reason to eat on the strip.
4	Great food. Nice environment. The service is too slow, so try here when you have plenty of time.
5	If you're thinking about Lotus of Siam, think again... Especially if you're vegetarian.. Total home run!
5	Extensive, quality menu. Very flavourfull.. It maybe be too salty or spicy for some, be aware! We ordered "3". Strong f..ng "3".  Loved it!. Had curry, tom yum, soft shell crab, chilly mint... All good. Will return to see the other pages if the menu:)
3	Food was decent. Took over 15 minutes to get each item we ordered.  horrible service!
