5	The crab and steak were excellent. Steak melted in my mouth and the crab was delicious. The service was outstanding. If you are in Chicago or Las Vegas you definitely need to eat here.
5	LOVE this place...in fact, I make it a point to have a meal here everytime I'm in Vegas and it has yet to disappoint.  The meat is great, the seafood is great, the SIDES are beyond great (the potatoes!), the bread is great...well, you get the picture.  The service is fantastic (especially since they lost our reservation one time, but immediately made it a point to seat us as soon as possible - within 5 minutes).  Reservations are a must on busy nights!
3	the atmosphere of a corporate men's club - lots of wood, leather chairs, repressed sexuality and self-congratulatory good cheer. good crab, good seafood, big drinks, decent steaks, adequate service: overall recommended for a good spendy meal in vegas.
2	not all it's crabbed up to be.
4	very very yummy - pricey but that is to be expected - not as good as the original in south beach but still a winner. great bar - huge martinis!don't make the same mistake as us... we went with people we didn't know all that well and they went a little pale when the $1000 bill came and we ended up paying for about 80% of it.
5	Stone crabs the size of my fist.  So lovely, so sweet. . . we ordered way too much. . . the lobster bolognaise. . . sigh.  I am so glad they are in Las Vegas. . . easier to get than to Chicago.Tip:  Go during crab season. . . super!The wine suggestions were great too.  Oh man!  I'm drooling.Let's see. . . tips for Joe's:1)  expect to pay for quality2)  medium crabs are better than the super humongous crabs3)  do not order with your eyes4)  ask the servers for suggestions5)  go during crab season (yes, there are off-seasons)6)  go HUNGRY!!!!
5	Someone at the table compared Joe's to Morton's (an accurate description, I think). Had to travel to LV for a conference (i.e. expense account...jackpot!). So, made reservations here...sooo goood. Especially if you like crab...very tasty BIG claws. Split a HUGE bone-in rib eye with boss...this made us SUPER happy & fostered employee/employer relations. Fantastic mixed drinks (BTW - french martinis are very popular in SinCity these days...very worth a try) and extensive wine list. Gigantic portions, interesting & chatty waiters (ours was a chivalrous, old-school, Sinatra-type who provided impeccable service, dahlink). If you're going to blow a wad of cash, it might as well be at Joe's...at least you're guaranteed a great meal.
3	Ehh....Quite overrated for what it is, a mall restaurant in an upscale mall. I'm not big into Stone Crab to begin with, but it was OK... They pre cracked them well so that was a plus (not too many shell injuries), but the mustardy-sauce for dipping was bland and tasted like Hellman's Dijonaise. There's not a ton of meat on the stone crab claw, and i personally don't see what all the hype is about. Perhaps it stems from the fact that when stone crabs are harvested, they just rip their arm off and throw it back to live on in the sea and re-generate another one in time. I suppose that makes it less cruel (Though I don't agree, sounds like virtual hell to me).I didn't eat the steak though the fillet looked decent. I got Crab cakes and they were mediocre at best.Biggest disappointment, when eating a $300 dinner for 3 (with a mediocre 4X markup wine), I don't like sitting at high-rise bar tables, even if they are disguised with a white table cloth and a napkin ring. If you need Stone Crab, try Del Frisco's instead! It's not a far cab-ride from Caesars, and the stone crab (which is not their specialty) comes with a WAY better version of the mustard sauce. Plus it's way classier for your money and not much if at all pricier.
5	I'll keep it simple. If you got the money, you gotta eat here at least once. We had the money, so we ate here once...so far.Excellent service (the waiter washed our hands in fresh squeezed lemon and ice water) and the food was as good, if not better, than the service. For Appetizers, we had the "2nd Mortgage" : Medium Stone Crab Claws, Jumbo Shrimp, Lobster Cocktail, Shrimp and Scallop Ceviche.  For our Entrees I had the 22 oz. Lobster Tail and the wife had the Rib Eye. Both were excellent, steak seared a perfect medium and lobster was as good as lobster gets! We had the Garlic Creamed Spinach  and Lyonnaise Potatoes for our side dishes and they were great! For dessert we had the Boston Cream pie and that was rich, but very good. We'll definitely come back and dine here...when we Re-Finance the house!
5	Everything from the service down to the stone crab is just amazing. I LOVE crab, and stone crab - while it was the first time I've ever eaten it, was simply, AMAZING. The claws of these suckers are huge because the stone crab claws were HUGE.The restaurant is sorta on the high side price wise, but seriously, if you are looking for a quality meal in between your bar hopping while on the strip, this place is worth checking out.
5	One of my best meals in Vegas, it beat the Mandalay Bay restaurants.   I was not in the mood for crab.... Not sure why, but it did not matter... I had the gulf shrimp with amazingly delicious sauce and will have dreams forever about it.  Also good:   Fried calamari, Jenny's potatoes and creamed spinach.  Strawberry rhubarb (special, seasonal) pie for dessert  was perfect.  Service was excellent.
2	This is part of a small chain, based in Miami Beach.  I had lunch here.  Service was inconsistent.  The initial greeting was friendly, and I was seated quickly.  Water was quickly offered, and a very good bread basket arrived shortly thereafter.  However, the server took a long time to bring me a menu, and seemed in a hurry.  This slow-to-return then in-a-hurry attitude would recur.  Oh yeah, I was never even offered dessert, just handed the check.  Isn't this place famous for its key lime pie?I had never had stone crabs, so I gave them a try as an appetizer.  They were OK, but I guess I'm not a fan.  Also, I thought Joe's was known for its mustard sauce.  None was provided.  One nice touch: after I was finished, an assistant came by with a lemon, and squeezed the juice over my hands into a waiting bowl.  He then gave me a hot, wet towel.  Much appreciated.I had glazed black cod as an entree.  It was a big piece of wonderfully moist, flaky fish.  The glaze was excellent.  A trifle sweet, it began to cloy after a few bites.  Not to worry - half a lemon was provided; the juice made the sauce perfect.  On the other hand, I could have done without the pedestrian French fried sweet potatoes.
5	If you like crab claws then this is the place for you.  Holy shit the claws are huuge!  See in my pictures.  Really good place and it's in Vegas so you know it's fine dining at it's best.  The lobster bisque wasn't bad either.
4	We were staying at Caesars & wanted something nice but not too spendy. We found the listing for this in the hotels magazine & decided to give it a go. So happy that we did! The place was pretty packed for a Wednesday night but the wait in line wasn't long. The reason it wasn't soon became clear, as we were seated in the bar. I was a bit disappointed by this but realized I shouldn't be, as we had no reservations & didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes. The bread they bring to the table is really excellent, with various types including one that's much like a soft pretzel. Yum! Our service was very good... very attentive. My husband wound up ordering the fish & chips and I had the broiled salmon with 1/2 baked potato. Both were served quickly and I must say that salmon was some of the BEST I've ever had!! In and out in probably just a bit over an hour, and prices that didn't break the bank. I'd definitely go there again!
2	Apparently this place is pretty popular... I for one always thought it was the dressed of version of Joe's Crab Shack but according to everyone else it's a Miami dining staple!This particular location is quite random, very bottom floor the Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace. When you walk it it leads to the bar area, which seems kinda fun but is mostly there for those enjoying happy hour. Dining area is either in the outside area where you can gawk at shoppers or in the back dining room where it's so dark, you might just fall asleep.  The food selection is enormous. The wine list is so long, it's actually kinda intimidating, and the specialty drink list looks interesting (I opted for the Pomegranate Martini and ended up with nothing but a Welch's drink). Bread is not very good... they offer different variations which is a nice touch, but I don't know how you could possibly serve 7 different kinds of BAD bread? We finally decided on the steak and tails dinner: $49.99 each. Lobsters were small but the taste was truly decadent. Steak was OK - but was a little on the dry side. I did see a waiter debone a fish for another customer and I was truly amazed! He literally got every piece of fish off that bone and in record time, it seemed! Overall, dinner was a 4 stars (counting just the food). So, after we were done eating, it took a record of 20+ minutes for us to even flag anyone down to clear our table and bring us our check. We were trying just about anything to get the servers attention but to no avail. Finally, after a sturdy 'EXCUSE ME' - we finally got the waitresses attention. Overall, food is good... but not necessarily the best service. Service should come standard with the prices, but definitely not at Joe's (maybe it's different at the one in Florida).
5	Stone crabs that's all I can say.  It makes me drool when I say it because it was pretty good.  Service was excellent, wine was picked to the tastebuds delight as it was the Houghton cab/shiraz 06.  I had the Ribeye Steak and it was cooked perfect and the sauce for the steak was very different than what I have had for steaks and I really liked it.  My girlfriend had the halibut and it was cooked very good as well.  The main thing that made it appetizing were the stone crabs, they are served cold but the claws are definitely worth a try.  If you love those little crustaceans which are different from the dungeness crab, they are worth it.
5	I usually adhere to the rule "If The Restaurant Has A Type Of Food In Their Name, Then That's What You Must Order." Common sense would tell you that Bob's Beef Palace is not the place to order tofu, for example. For Joe's, however, I made a rare exception and took our waitress's advice to order the king crab legs rather than the stone crab. Talk about a good choice: 20 ounces of the most delectable, savory crab meat you could find south of Juneau. I'm afraid Todai will just never be the same for us...sniff, sniff.Top that off with great bread & sides (we opted for the garlic creamed spinach), and amazing pies for dessert (try either the banana cream or the key lime), and it made our trip to Vegas. No wonder this place was packed solid.One word of warning: be careful about ordering drinks at the bar. The bartender working the Saturday shift likes to vary the price of drinks based on how much he likes the cut of your jib.
5	Every now and then a girl has to treat herself.   A nice new pair of shoes, some pretty undies, a decadent spa treatment, etc....these are all things a lady will do for herself sometimes.  Yesterday I decided my treat was to get some crabs.Ok, Ok, get your mind out of the gutter, even if I am in "Sin City"  you know that is not where I am going with this. Joe's has a dark wood interior with a large patio and all the servers in their crisp black and whites, I felt a little underdressed in my no-makeup-tennis-shoe look.  This was not to stop me, however from getting my crabs.For those that don't know, stone crab is only really in season for three months and usually comes from the Gulf in Florida.  It's a rare treat, these little claws of perfection, so you have to get them while the getting is good. I sat down and the server immediately came over. She was pleasant and helped me find an excellent medium bodied glass of white wine to complement my seafood. Throughout my whole meal she was attentive, polite, and personable.   I chose an appetizer for my lunch, but this was no mere starter - this was the "2nd Mortgage".  A stone crab claw, a jumbo shrimp, a small lobster tail and a small portion of shrimp/scallop cerviche, all chilled with cocktail and mustard sauces for dipping.  This was a dish to relish so I took my time. All the seafood was cooked and chilled to perfection with that just caught fresh taste. I really wish I had just gotten a plate of the stone crab because that one claw was so good I am already having major cravings for more.All in all a perfect dining experience - a girl has to treat herself and to borrow from a certain ad campanign - "I'm worth it"
4	I have been to the one in Chicago but I went with family while in Vegas for the weekend.  The restaurant was just as good as the one in Chicago.   This is one of those restaurants where it doesn't matter how often you go the food is always good and the service is always great.  For an appetizer we had the cerviche which had a good flavor for cerviche, it was a bit more acidic then I like but it was still tasty.  The tuna was fabulous.  It was cooked rare to perfection which I find is very difficult to get.  We also tried the crab stuff sole which was good but I thought it needed more crab. For dessert we shared the apple tart which had taste and was a nice way to end the meal because it wasn't too heavy.
1	What a disappointment!!!! We went on Christmas night to Joe's, and it couldn't have been worse. For a place that claims to be known for their seafood and steak, both were mediocre at best. The shrimp and scallop ceviche was chewy, hard, and almost bitter. The $40 filet mignon which I ordered as medium rare came WAY over cooked, and when I asked for a replacement (at $40 for a piece of meat, it better come the way I ordered it), not only did the second steak come undercooked, it was completely cold inside...they took a steak from the fridge, threw it on a grill that was way too hot, and served it rare and cold. Who is in charge of this kitchen? Our waiter was not only unapologetic about it, but acted put out by their mistake and hurried us out. The stone crab was not worth the money either. We highly recommend AVOIDING this restaurant.
4	Mouth watering crab cakes with a delicious mustard sauce, and Key Lime Pie to die for.  Yum!  Even better, they have recipes on their website.    I cannot wait to take a stab at making both.http://www.joesstonecrab.com/recipes/intro.html
4	I usually have to stop here at least once every time I make the trip out to Las Vegas.  Came in on the first night of a 6 day trip and decided to have Joe's for dinner.  For a Saturday night there was no wait and we were seated immediately.The usual variety bread/pastry basket is brought to the table at the beginning of the meal.For the entree I decided to have the Select Stone crab claws.  According to our waiter, the Select Stone crabs are a bit larger than the medium and the shells are less "grainy".  For our side dishes we had the garlic spinach, lyonnaise potatoes, and a creamed spinach.Select Stone Crabs - 6 claws per order and they were delicious as usual. The crab meat a has a very light and sweet taste to it. Served with their signature mustard sauce.  If you don't know about stone crabs then you're really missing out.  These are from the Gulf of Mexico where they harvest remove one of the claws from the stone crab and throw it back in the water for it to re-generate its missing claw.  Garlic Spinach - sautee'd with A LOT of garlic.  I am a garlic lover myself but the garlic was a little too overpowering to go with the sweet flavor of the stone crab.  This is probably a good dish if you order a red meat dish.Lyonnaise Potatoes - These are one of my favorite side dishes of any restaurant.  The potatoes are soft and somewhat scalloped, lightly seasoned, and browned for a crispy upper crust.Creamed Corn - The corn has sweet taste to it with just the right amount of cream and just the right amount of corn.All in all a great dining experience and a perfect start to any Vegas trip for me.
4	This place is located on the first floor of the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace!  We stumbled upon this place back in 2005 on accident! Our group of 10 was on our way to Pure but decided to make a pit stop somewhere nice to celebrate my bf's bday! Chris suggested Joe's...it looked nice...very old school steak house with dark woods and dim lighting! Anyway, their Peach martinis are delicious!! Mmmm...they serve a basket full of different types of bread in the beginning! My friend wanted to steal the basket! We stopped her of course! C'mon now...theres a place and time for thievery (is that a word?!!) Anyway, our steaks came out juicy and moist! We had steamed asparagus and Jeannie's potatoes! They were melt in your mouth great!! Great great first time..My bf and I came back the following year for our 5 year anniversary! It was just as great as the first time!! Tasted the stone crabs this time...and oooh...they were yummy! I am not a seafood person but i enjoyed these things very much!  Our dessert was on the house since they knew it was our anniversary!! Really nice establishment...totally recommend it to everyone!
2	I love stone crab, but this location was a little disapointing for me.  I could go on all day about the Jumbo stone crab claws that I had in Miami, in Vegas it was just ok.  They were out of the jumbo claws and maybe the large because we ended up just getting the mediums, you really can taste the difference.  In Miami the sweet potato fries are thick cut and in Vegas they're shoestrings and I prefer the thick cut.    The garlic creamed spinach is the same.  Do not order the fried chicken!  I had heard so many great things about the chicken , but ended up so disapointed, it was not salted at all so it tasted really, really bad.  I'm sure this locaton loses some of it's charm because it's not in the salty air of  the Miami coast, but there is no excuse for the bad chicken and being out of jumbo claws.  I'll think I'll stick with the Miami location for future. Oh and our server was not very nice.
5	The service was amazing, the streak melted, and the atmosphere was casual enough for an early dinner that I didn't feel like a total heel for wearing shorts and sandles.
5	My grandmother took me here for the first time a year ago and told me stories about the original Joe's Stone Crab in Florida, I believe.  She's been eating there for years and she only told me about this place now?  Shame on you, grandma!  Every time she comes to town, we go eat there.  We get the stone crabs every time, and those dipped in their signature sauce is delicious.  I've had family come eat with me that don't eat shellfish, and they've said the steaks and pasta dishes are just as good.  Definitely a top choice for a date or buttering up the boss for a raise!
5	Good food.  Great service.  Highly recommended.We started with the Crab And Artichoke Gratin, Calamari, and some Select Stone Crab Claws.  All of them were very good.I had the Bone-In Filet and it was excellent.  It was so tender and just melted in my mouth.A nice place to go to get some good food.
3	This version of Joe's Stone Crab must be the more, well to do brother of the original location, as the decor and atmosphere is so opposite of the South Beach restaurant.  Having dined at both,  I was a little disappointed to find the Las Vegas branch more "corporate" - the typical look and feel for an upscale steakhouse.The fillet itself was not particularly memorable and having not been particularly impressed with the Stone Crab at the Miami location, I figured that I would give it another try.  I was more impressed with the thickness of the shell of the crab, dumb I know, but I came away with this experience realizing that I did not have an appreciation for Stone Crab, I simply can't tell the difference between it and it's more simple sibling, the crab.The only real highlight was the crab and artichoke gratin appetizer - quite rich and gooey and I would order it again if I opted to try stone crabs for a third time, but honestly, I think I'll pass on them for something tastier.
4	A little pricey but worth it.  The stone crab claws are delicious and match perfectly with the sauce they offer.  I usually order they lunch special which includes 4 claws, hash browned potatoes, cole slaw and a slice of key lime pie.  It's the best overall deal for lunch.  The potatoes are pretty bad however.  Too salty and dry.  Everything else is great especially the key lime pie.  The key lime pie is the best I've ever had.  Perfect blend of sweetness and tart.  They somehow manage to serve this at the perfect temperature also, just below freezing.   Definitely worth the visit.
4	We went here before our flight back home after a wedding in Vegas.  After all the great food (Four Seasons room service and catering, Sonic) I wasn't sure what we were going to do.  The Girl had to make a return to the James Perse store so we made our trek after checkout (amen for having a rental car this time) to the Forum Shops at Caesar's.  It was insanely crowded being Saturday afternoon of Memorial Day weekend so we had to park pretty far.  We had about 2 hours to find something to eat so after much deliberation we decided on Joe's Seafood because it was near James Perse.The wait was long but when we went up the maitre'd looked at me and said "You look familiar, have you been here a few times?".  Of course, me being the honest fellow but not wanting to upset the dood and just wanting to get a leg up on everyone else, I said "Yes!"  So it APPEARS he put us at the bottom of the top sheet where there were clearly no open spots left.  w00t.After about a 30-minute wait (by the time we got in, the wait was up to a hour ... this was 2pm), we got seated.  Service was a bit slow but the food was pretty good.  You have to get the stone crab claws.  They're served cold but with a little lemon and sauce and they are just fantastic.  They crack the claws for you so it's on hassle, just be careful not to inhale small pieces.  The bread is good as well and the onion strings are light and crispy and highly seasoned but insanely addictive.  We also shared a ribeye which looks amusing like Salisbury steak on a cafeteria plate but was decent.The place is a bit pricey but it's pretty good.  You really should try it if you get the chance.Stone crab claws: 5/5Onion strings 4/5Ribeye: 3/5Service: 4/5
5	Came here with my gf when I was flown in for an interview.  I heard about Joe's on Food Network and knew there was one in Miami.   To my surprise my friend Karen told me that there was one in Las Vegas.  So being the foodie that I am, I had to check it out.  Joe's decor is reminds me of a NYC steakhouse. Dark wood tables, chairs and floors.  The stone crabs are definitely the star in this place, hence the name.  The stone crabs come pre-cracked so the all the hard work is done for you.  The meat is sweat and very flavorful and pairing it with the honey mustard sauce is genius!  I had the scallops and the gf have the crab stuffed sole.  The scallops came out alone with a little green garnish and a little greasy.  For me, it was too plain.  I needed something to go along with the scallops, maybe a mixed green salad wtih balsamic vinegrette.  The crab stuffed sole was great, especially when dipped in the sauce.  The onion rings were good if you like them thin and stringy.  The mashed potatoes with the fontina cheese is to die for!  Granted were on a low-carb diet, but you have to try it.  You only live once!  As you can tell, we obviously weren't able to finish the meal so we brown-bagged it home.  What a night at Joe's!I've been back many times and love their stone crab. I love this place!
3	I was just there on Saturday. The stone crab was normal. I was expecting a lot more. Everything was good, don't get me wrong, but for the price I could have had so much more at much better places.I like the crab at Pacific Fish better and the cost difference is considerable.
5	The best meal we had in Vegas, we picked this restaurant because it was in Caesar's Palace, which was supposed to have fireworks on the 4th this year (but didn't) and also because I had a dream involving crab legs. Yes, crab legs.I ordered said legs, and our waiter took the liberty of bringing me the smaller portion, with the explanation that he thought I might want to start with the smaller plate, as I could always order more if I wanted. He was so right, my eyes being much bigger than my stomach, even though the king crab was really excellent. (And nicely pre-cracked so I could maintain a delicate and girly demeanor while wielding the little crab fork.)We shared a bottle of champagne, very nice, and the stone crab appetizer. Stone crab is the specialty and great, though I preferred my legs. Someone at my table ordered oysters, also very good.Our waiter was fantastic. In conversation, we found out he was a philosophy major and had lived in Chicago, where we're from, so we could have a chat about Chicago winters in the desert.
2	Pretty substandard for Vegas as far as I'm concerned.The service was pretty slow. We'd order drinks and the waiter would have to be reminded to bring them. I don't think he smiled at all. He didn't seem to happy to be serving us. I tried to get him to smile, but this guy was stone cold. We were dropping a fat wad of cash too, can you at least pretend to be happy that we are there?The food was pretty bad. The house favorite, butter seared scallops were god awful. As was the veal. The fish sandwich looked like something you got at a fast food joint. The one good thing I had was the 2nd mortgage. For 20 bucks you get a sampling of various, shrimp, crab, ceviche, and lobster served on ice.I would not recommend this place to anyone.
4	I had a great piece of Chilean Sea Bass here, but the fried asparagus (although very tasty) ended up souring my stomach (nothing a few single-malts couldn't remedy). Seemed a bit on the greasy side. The salads were nothing special.The service was friendly and constant - a little slow though. I like being able to eat good food in an unpretentious atmosphere (we sat in the front). It was also nice to walk up and be seated without waiting at prime dinner time.
4	I've never been to the original and we went here on a lark. My friends C and J and I went in looking for lunch. I had heard of Joe's and J's parents had been a few weeks before and loved it. So we knew it was probably pretty darned good.   The menu is pretty big and the prices can be off putting if you're expecting something from the old Vegas ($15 for fish and chips could freak some people out). C had a cheeseburger and asked for it to be medium but it came out a little closer to medium rare which I know he wasn't happy about. J and I had the Joe's Classic Lunch which is five stone crab claws, hash browns, cole slaw and key lime pie. The stone crabs were sweet and didn't really need the dipping sauce that came with it. The hash browns were super crispy outside and flavourfully tender inside. The cole slaw was less successful despite the tableside dressing it got from our waiter - it was better than KFC but still a bit underwhelming. I wasn't a fan of key lime pie before but that little sliver with it's massive dollop of not overly sweetened whipped cream was really wonderfully tart with a great buttery crumbly crust.    Our service was slow to start with but picked up half way through. I will come back next time I'm in Vegas.
4	I had the lunch special which was $19.99 for 5 crab claws, coleslaw, hash browns and a slice of key lime pie.  Oh my goodness, so good.  I've never had stone crab before but it was succulent and buttery.  They provided a spicy honey mustard sauce to go along with the crab and it was such a great match to the sweetness of the crab!  The server made the coleslaw right at the table, fresh and it was quite good.  I opted for no hash browns as I had had hash browns the previous evening in my drunken state at Treasure Island.  Just the crab and coleslaw was enough to fill me but wasn't heavy at all.  If you're a dude, you have to get the hash browns to fill your tummy.  The key lime pie was tasty, quite chilled (frozen, I think) but good with fresh whipped cream.  All-in-all, it was a great lunch for $20.  I totally recommend it.
5	Beginning to end, I was highly impressed with Joe's and had one of the best meals I have had in a long time. The host seated Craig and me outside on the patio, in a great location where we could people-watch. The free bread basket is artfully arranged and comes with 5 varieties of rolls and bread. My favorite was a thick, chewy pretzel stick....when I asked for another one our server brought us 3 more which I totally appreciated. It was about 100 degrees outside, and I was chugging water like a parched camel. They were wonderful about refilling our glasses quickly, and they brought me a little bowl of lemons to put in it. Although the bottle wine list is extensive, I  was the lone drinker at my table so a bottle was out of the question; I wish they had a few more options for single glasses. The Pinot Gris I tried was fairly good and paired nicely with my food, but it was the only option for Pinot Gris.I am not a huge fan of Chardonnay so I would have liked a few more options of Sauvignon Blanc, Pinot Grigio, etc.The food was amazing though, which is why it still gets 5 stars. Craig is an unfortunately picky eater, but he absolutely gobbled up his steak sandwich. It came out beautifully grilled, and the fries were crispy and perfect. I ordered the seafood salad, and was impressed by the presentation and flavor. It had perfectly cooked juicy scallops, shrimp, and shreds of Alaskan King Crab on it, and the amount of dressing on it was just right and not overpowering. Between the glass of wine, his soda, my salad, and his sandwich, our bill was about $65...but it was a relaxing, leisurely lunch on our vacation, and the service was wonderful. I loved it and will definitely go back next time I am in Las Vegas.
5	I tend to favor restaurants with foofoo menus, the kind of stuff I'd never make at home, with ingredients you'd have to have sent from outer Mongolia.  That said, Joe's was fantastic.  It's basically stone crabs, steaks and seafood, but anything but basic.  First of all, I'd give 5 stars just for the best mojitoes I've ever had in my (long) life.  Then the meal:  we shared stone crab claws appetizer with a delicious mustardy sauce.  I had stone crab bisque (seems the thing to do here is enjoy stone crabs) which was ethereal.  My husband had crab cakes which were blue crab meat barely held together in a "cake " form, there being little or more likely no breading.  Just sublime crabmeat.  I had a fantastic idea in menu offerings -- lobster tail tempura.  Lobster meat -- 2 large tails.  Deep fried in tempura batter.  What in the name of all that is right and holy could be better than that?!  And did I mention the mojitoes?  We also shared their highly touted, rightfully so, cole slaw and french fried sweet potatoes and still managed to save room for dessert.  Husband couldn't decide between the coconut cream pie or banana cream pie with foster sauce, so awesome server brought both (for price of one).  I had peach pie with melba sauce.  Great location, ambiance and friendly, knowledgeable server.  A great time.
4	Lunch special is the way to go -- $19.95 and delicious!  As others have said, five claws, cole slaw, "hash browns" (well, not like I've ever had, but really good!), and Key Lime pie for dessert . . . No substitutions, so I had the Key Lime pie, even though I would have preferred the apple -- but it WAS good!Can't speak for the rest of the menu, as all three of us ordered the lunch special, but it WAS by far the best deal on the menu, and it WAS really good!Great Bloody Mary's too, and a reasonalbe wine list . . .One question:  if you are INSIDE the Forum Shops, but they have a "patio" where you can eat that "feels" like you're outside (well, it's actually outside the four walls of the restaurant, but still inside the Forum Shops itself), does that count as "outdoor seating"???
4	the bone-in ribeye was perfect...took one star away cause i didnt appreciate paying $40 for 5 stone crab claws
4	I had supper here.   We had reservations and were seated immediately upon arrival.  Service was excellent. Bread basket was pretty like a flower arrangement.  Sampling the different types of bread was interesting.We all started off with some stone crabs....not bad but expensive...the dipping sauce was very good.  We all ordered the ribeye steak (one of us ordered the ribeye with bone in).    Steaks were cooked perfect (from rare to medium).  We were stuffed but we ordered a desert anyways....don't remember the name but it was like a mousse pie with peanut butter (very rich and good).This is a very good steakhouse.  If you go here, you really need to order their steaks (some of their other offerings didn't look great).  Remember you don't make friends with salad.
5	It's like I was in my hometown, Chicago, but I was actually in the desert, underground, surrounded by a fancy mall with a bunch of fountains.. and I loved it!I took a cab to this place because I made reservations prior to flying out. I had a gift card and wanted to force myself to use it--hence the reservation. How was I to know there was an entrance nearby and completely wasted my time when I walked all the way from one corner of the Forum Shops to the other..?? But I did see plenty of nice things along my jog to Joe's. Anyway, we waited a minute for our table and our waiter was this up-tight gringo.. who was shocked that my husband and I did not drink and were not interested in the wine list. So he made a water boy be our waiter while he attended to more important customers. The water boy turned out to be a cool Mexican fella who suggested lots of cool places to see in Vegas and the best options on the menu. We loved this guy because our food was amazing and we had a great time listening to his adventures in Vegas. We gave him a nice tip and went about our night on the town. That's what dinner should always be like when on vacation!!Thank you Mexican dude whose name I already forgot (hey, it's almost been a year!)... and thank you Joe's for being our 'anniversary place.'
4	When you're in Vegas, do not assume that you shouldn't consume mass amounts of seafood since there are no bodies of water around you. When you're in Vegas for work, and your business colleagues say they want to treat you to Joe's, do not, do not, I repeat do not assume you're going to Joe's Crab Shack.  Do not dress down because you're afraid the crab shells on the floor will stick to your heels and you bring your sunnies with you because you're afraid the neon lights will hurt your eyes.  Yes, that happened to me AND my boss, because we are such geniuses.  Back to the crab, this was my first stone crab experience, and it was enlightening.  I am from SF so crab is something I know, but stone crab...yummm, uncharted territory.  So sweet, so indulgent, so tasty, and coupled with that tangy mustard sauce?  Oh sweet heavens!  I also ordered the scallop dish that's wrapped in bacon...you really can't go wrong with that combo.  The scallops were of a monstrous proportion, and they wrapped the bacon around the scallops to make the whole dish look like a filet mignon.  Weird, but good.  My colleague had the crab cakes, and it took all of my will power to not eat her food when she went to the bathroom.  There were 8 other people sitting around the table, but still, it took a lot of strength.
5	Who would've thought you could have such excellent seafood in the middle of the desert?? Joe's proves that you can! We made dinner reservations for Sunday night. When we arrived we were taken back to their main dining room and seated in booth. Our server, David was awesome! He was funny, friendly and unpretentious. They brought out a small bread basket with a variety of breads including a cheese topped roll(delish!) and a small pretzel loaf (Yum!) and a few other assorted breads. We decided to start our meal with the Stone Crab cocktail-  sweet and delicious lump crab meat topped with their own mustard concoction. An awesome way to begin dinner. For dinner I chose the Colossal Lump Crab Cakes. They were ALLLLLL crab and hardly any filler! LOVE IT!!! Huge baseball sized cakes made of large pieces of crab meat mixed with a minimal amount of breading and filler served with their own mustard dressing. It was sooooo good! In fact I'm craving it now!!! For our sides we chose the creamed corn and rice pilaf. The corn was sweet, smooth and creamy. The rice while tasty did have odd bits of longish noodles. We were unfortunately too stuffed for dessert but they did have a nice selection on the menu, next time we told ourselves, next time, haha!*Just a side note- they make the yummiest Shirley Temple! I don't drink any alcohol and rarely drink sodas, but every once in a while I do enjoy a Shirley Temple (I think it's the grenadine!) and this one was tasty :)This is a GREAT restaurant! The service was spot on! The food was fresh, delicious and reasonably priced for the amount and type of food served.  And even better they can ship directly to you! I took one of their menus home because you can call and have their stone crabs delivered right to your home! Not a bad idea for the upcoming holidays! I will definitely be back on my next visit to Vegas!
5	Came here for lunch a few times and have had great experiences.   Food is great, and the service is attentive.  certainly one of the top eateries in Vegas.I'll spring for a nice dinner one of these days.
1	guess they got their Maitre D' at a home depot parking lot, worst managed restaurant I've ever been in.
4	Imagine, the generation's of  amputated Stone Crabs crawling around the Atlantic. Tired of hobbling and wobbling on one claw, day after day the crab dreams of having a bigger Claw. Just like my ex husband dreamed of having a bigger uhum pickle uh um, I mean pony. Just when their claw grows back in all it's glory, they're selfishly ripped off again and thrown back to the sea. This torture they endure for a lifetime. Ahhh, America. These stone crabs are delectable. More please.
4	This was definitely the highlight of Vegas. It was Monday night and wasn't sure what we wanted to eat so after doing some Yelp searching, the hubby decided to go to Joe's. The hubby have been to the one in Miami and raved about the stone crab and the key lime for over a year now and knew this is the time for me to try it. Once you sit down, a basket of variety of bread comes to the table, even though it is not the warm kind, it is still tasty. I started out with a cup of stone crab bisque which is nothing too special. It tasted like the crab and asparagus soup my hubby made. Then we ate an order of the 7 medium stone crab and each bite was so deccadent. My main entree was the Fisherman's Platter which consist of prawns, scallop, calamari, and fish; you have a choice for fried or broiled and because I am on a healthy kick, I opted for the broiled. My hubby order the bone-in rib eye and he claims it is the best steak he had. It was cooked just right (medium well). I had a couple of bites, and the meat was so tender and it melted in my mouth just right with all its own juices (salavating while writing this). At the end, of course, we had to have the key lime pie and according to the hubby, it was the saem goodness back in Miami. Our tummies were definitely fulfilled and what a great way to end our Vegas trip.This is definitely a place to go for a special occassion while in Vegas or if you have some money to spend because it is not cheap.I didn't get it five stars because the service wasn't Great, it was just good.
5	I love this restaurant so much.  If you're a relatively light eater, the stone crab claws are a good portion and very delicious.  Otherwise, there are larger orders of steak or seafood as well as the typical upscale sides such as creamed corn and spinach.I wasn't able to try the steak here, but one thing I can mention is that the pumpernickel bread is the absolute best you will ever taste.  I suggest buying an extra loaf and bringing it home.Ambiance was dark, upscale, as expected.
5	Great food & great service!! Even though we were about 15-20 minutes late, we were greeted warmly and got seated right away. Crabs at Joe's are to die for...and so are their bone-in steaks. I got the bone-in filet mignon and it was cooked perfectly and super tasty. OH don't forget about their potato dishes! I am not a big fan of potato but I just can't get my fork off the plate! And I don't mean ordinary potato dishes like baked potato or mashed potato, try Lyonnaise Potato or Jennie's potato! And considering how big the portions are with great flavors, it definitely worth every penny. One thing about the clam chowder though...is that it's not the white-creamy chowder that you get, it was more like...borshch-tomato style soup. Besides that, everything else was perfect and I will definitely go back again when I visit Vegas next time!
5	NYE specials out of this world! Best steak in the universe.===So we're wandering the endless halls of Caesar's looking for a spot to chill for several hours before the countdown begins. The halls are a bustle of screaming children and many people. The host stand and its tailored dude greet you alongside the display menu and a few tables out in the mall for the noisy customers. The real restaurant is back two rooms behind the bar and is like a secret treasure room for the deserving. We were lucky!The NYE special surf and turf themed card included jumbo stone crab claws (4), king crab legs, 3lb lobster and a "side" of 8oz filet mignon. I won't say which one I didn't order, but the steak was the best steak in the universe, the lobster was huge and meaty and the stone crab claws (those poor babies!) were phenomenal. Add to that a special price on the Tattainger reserve and it was one heck of a way to bring in the new year.The bread basket included several varieties but my favorite was the fennel seed, roasted sesame seed and Parmesean lahvosh. Stuffed mushrooms were excellent.The service was prompt and professional and I loved how our server kept stopping by to ask us if he could bring anything for us _right now_; very fun. The menu tells the story of the restaurant, founded in Florida, and I remember it well; this location honors the original in proper Vegas style.
4	I ate here with my family and future in-laws for a nice new year's eve dinner. I think it was a great place to spend the last night of 2008. As in most restaurants they start with some bread. They give different varieties of bread, which is all really good. I ordered king crab legs with filet mignon, which was a new year's eve special. I was worried that the crab legs were going to be small, but they were HUGE! I like big servings so I was so happy that the portions were very good. I tried a little bit of everyone's food and I can't complain, everything was good! I loved the stone crab bisque and jennie's mashed potatoes.
4	excellent wine list, we started with a chilean sangiovese wine that was simply delish and not too spicy or everlasting. i ordered the filet mignon and stone crab dinner. crab claws were supposedly fresh, i couldn't really tell. to be honest, i think i still prefer the northern californian dungeoness crabs (more meat and much sweeter). filet was alright, well cooked and pleasantly not fatty at all. we sided with a mashed potato topped with asagio cheese, good taste and balanced out the meal. bring your black chips to eat here.
5	My friend had her lunch wedding reception at Joe's this past weekend. She rented out the private area on the second floor of this restaurant. It was very nicely decorated. Appetizers consisted of mushrooms(sooo juicy and delicious), crab dip (omg to die for), variety of bread (yummy) and calamari. I ordered the swordfish, string beans and mashed potatoes. The swordfish melted in my mouth. I normally don't eat fish, but this was so delicious. The The potatoes had bread crumbs on it which made it different from regular mashed potatoes. Bf ordered the salmon au poivre I had a lil bit and it was too fishy for my taste. I will definitely be coming back! Maybe try some steak or stone crab next time around.
4	If you get an asian waiter, request a new one.
4	Great food, but the atmosphere (inside Caesar's Forum shops) and service sometimes have room for improvement ...
4	Not what I thought.  I thought it would be good, but being located in the Forum shops, I thought it would be more run of the mill chain style restaurant.  Not at all.  The room has the feel of a great NY steak/seafood house.  The drinks are strong and the waiters know what they are doing.  Don't under value that.  How many times have you spent way to much in a restaurant where the waiter could care a less about you, your meal or even know how things are prepared.  Well at Joe's the wait staff is a partner (in a good way) in your meal. We had all the best stuff here.  Stone crabs, sea bass, bone-in rib eye, wedge salad and a great pinot.  All were top shelf and when needed our waiter helped make ours minds up and steered us in the right direction.  Go to Joe's, yo will not be disappointed.
5	We were so blown away by this place. I was in a food coma for the rest of the night;) We had the 26oz prime rib (ask for the steak season salt) if you're a true  Carnivore like we are than you know it's a perfect steak when you don't have to ask for steak sauce, we also had the enormous hash brown,mac n' cheese, baked sweet potato and the best Oysters EVER!   A bit pricey but you get what you pay for. This is one more place we added to our "Must have" Vegas trip!
5	Price: Lunch special pricing was great 21.95Atmosphere: ClassicService: ExcellentFood: Never let's you downI'd say Joe's consistently has great food and service, great place to have a business lunch.Salad with some of the best blue cheese dressing I've ever had, Bread and butter were amazing love when the butter is soft, much easier to apply. Stone Crabs claws were great, some of the best hash-browns I've ever had a must try when your here. We skipped the key lime pie but it looked great.
3	This place was alright.  Mahi-mahi was okay, soup was a bit salty and sole was eh.  Kinda noisy and not really for fine dining but rather a sports-bar type.  Would have been a good place to just have a drink and watch WCB and that's about it.  I doubt I will ever come here again.
2	Great alternative for a foodie. Definitely no where near being Michelin rated, but if you get sick of eating tasting menus at 3 star restaurants, (seriously, try eating a large prix fixe for 3 nights in a row) come try the crab. Reminds me of a better tasting version of the chain restaurants  Hyde Park and Mitchell's Seafood.P.S. I definitely didn't get the sports bar vibe that one reviewer got. Sure, basketball was on, but only the NIT, and if they reviewed it the same night they ate there, that means I was there the same night, too... Also, outdoor dining means sitting on the fake patio that overlooks the mall.
5	Fantastic!!! I can't believe I missed out on this when I was in South Beach Miami last summer (very known there).  My Boss treated me here after a long day of training/classes and I had a superb experience..thanks boss lady =P  I had no idea  what to order. She said you have to try the stone crab of course. We started off ordering wine to celebrate. She ordered 2 orders of the Med. Stone Crab, which is 7 per order. A side of Cole Slaw and French Fried Sweets that we both can share. All 7 legs finished, soo tasty. Cole Slaw was perfect! More of the vinegar, not too much of the mayo. The server was great too! Omg, I'll be coming back here.
5	Every time I come to LV I make sure to drop in to Joes. How can I explain how I love me some Joes? Joes is consistent, fresh, yummy, excellent, fulfilling, and fast....(i could go on longer but I'll refrain) I do not like crab. Ugh crab is just so foul, so what do you order when the place is known for crab... salmon! oh my goodness, I love love their salmon. Then again I love all salmon but there is spectacular. Do NOT get it with their buttery sauce, it is perfect with just a hint of lemon. Mmmmm. My father likes to try other things so I would nibble off his plate since I cannot stray from the salmon. I've had their steak, I don't know which kind but wow. For a seafood place they can make a steak. Let me explain: My dad likes to get steak cooked black and blue, literally only warm on the inside, disgusting, and when I still had a bite I was in love. I didn't feel that I was just eating a lab of undercooked meat, I was gourmet-ing. THe ambiance is nice, the food is awesome, the service is sufficient, the key lime pie is fantastic. Joes is the place to go. But don't just take my word for it, try it yourself
5	Word to your mother, this place is great! We were walking the shoppes at Cesar's and had seen this before. I was jonesin' for some steak (when am I not?!). The dining area looked full and we didn't have reservations. We thought we'd have to wait a while, which was no problem. We got seated right away. The seating is divided into 3 sections ( the faux patio, bar area, and main dining area). We sat in the bar area which I actually preferred. We each ordered a ribeye with creamed spinach and lyonnaise potatoes. The steak was the best I've had so far! It was like I was eating addiction! No joke! I've had steak from Ruth's, Morton, Smith and...., and numerous other places. This was numero uno! They also provided a tiny tin of their house seasoning salt. I'd forget about the high blood pressure anytime they'd bring this out.! It made the steak that much better! Just be conservative with it. What else looked amazing was the plate of stone crab the couple next to us ordered! I thought they'd taken those claws off some monster in a Godzilla movie. That's on the realz, homie. Our server was always on point. Like she was a Pre-Cog from Minority Report. I'm in Vegas several times a year, so best believe that if I'm in town and I'm craving a steak, I'm bustin' in on Joe's. Word is bond.
4	This place was simple. Simple decor, simple food but great tasting! I was amazed by how quick our food came out compared to our horrid experrience at Morton's. The bf and I started out with their yummy crab cake. All meat and almost not bread filler. We passed on the stone crab because we like our seafood hot rather than chilled but everyone around us were cracking away. Perhaps another time. The bf then followed up with a killer 220z steak. I had sole but it wasn't anything to write about which is the reason I am giving it a 4 instead of 5 stars. Our desssert was the delicious banana foster pie. Very yummy and fresh. I was very appreciative of the service because they were great. They were always around to refill our drinks but not hovering incesstantly. They knew when to give us our privacy and when we were ready for the next part of the meal. Overall, it was a great start to a lovely weekend in Vegas.
3	Living in Maryland, there is nothing better than some blue crabs (with Old Bay of course) and beer on a nice summer night at the shore.  So I was really excited to try Joe's Stone Crabs on my recent trip to Vegas (I never made it when I was in Miami last year).  I first asked the waiter what a stone crab tastes like.  His reply "a mix of crab and lobster."  After trying them, I would say that is a fairly accurate description.  While good, I prefer blue crab meat, which is much sweeter but maybe I am biased.The ambiance was very nice.  Much like a steakhouse, as opposed to some type of Jimmy Buffet Margaritaville type place I was originally expecting.  The service was excellent. Our waiter called me "sir" every time, which is a nice touch and took the time to answer all of our questions.  (There is nothing worse than having a waiter with an attitude)The best part of the night: the key-lime pie.  For some reason, I could not stop eating it, even though I was so full from dinner. Perhaps there is better key-lime pie out there, and maybe when I go to Key West this winter I will find out, but for someone from the northeast, it worked for me.Overall, a good place to try if you are in Vegas.
4	I've eaten here at least 4 times and I always try to stop by here when in Vegas. First off, their food is fan-freaking-tastic. The steaks are high in quality and worth every bite. The seafood is as fresh and tasty as if they were cooked right from the net/cages they were caught in. Secondly, their customer service is outright stupendous. I booked the private room for a party of 8 and all our food came out perfect except for myself, which unfortunately was over cooked & then came back way under cooked. While everyone elses food was good and almost finished they apologized to me serveral times when I wasn't too mad anyways. They comp'ed the whole $600 meal, when I didn't even imply for it to get to that, without flinching. We were all floored and left a $200 tip anyways. I've been back a couple times afterwards and loved my steaks/seafood. Zero hesitation to go back.
4	The positive reviews say it all, believe them and make the reservations now!!!!I've been to the real Joe's Stone Crab in Florida and I can say this establishment has it together.  I was so excited when I heard many years ago that Joe's was opening in Caesars Palace.  Sit outside (indoor mall) to people watch.  Try the bone in ribeye.....If you never had a stone crab, you'll have a taste like no other when you try it, it's like a drug, you can't get enough of it.......   Enjoy
4	a friend told me that this place was a MUST eat next time i was in vegas. after getting a little lost walking around the forum shops at caesar's (30 mins late to our reservation)... we were ready to try these famous stone crabs from miami. i don't like eating seafood as the main course because it's very light and from my reviews... you should know that i like to feel heavy and full after i eat. so... i couldn't resist the bone-in-ribeye (surprise...  surprise). this was the third time i've eating the ribeye in the past 2 weeks (i'm seeing the doctor next week... might as well hear bad news since i'm expecting it). since i had mastro's (see my review) last week... i had it fresh in my mind and could say that this steak was not quite at its level. but overall it was a very good steak. my wife had the large stone crab (5 claws). of course i snagged a couple of them. very good i must say but was a little disappointed with the size. you only get the claws... that's it. i wanted the whole freakin thing. for our sides we got jennie's special potatoes and sweet corn. the jennie's special potatoes were twice baked mashed potatoes with garlic, parmesan cheese and asiago cheese. i loved the creaminess of the potatoes and then the crunch of the parmesan and asiago... definitely one of the highlights. the sweet corn was good but regretted not getting the creamed corn.  a friend of mine got the fried chicken and since fried chicken is a top 5 food of mine i had to try it. the chicken was very moist inside and crispy on the outside but the crust (skin) lacked a little flavor. maybe fried chicken and fine dining don't go together?
5	Do you see the drool dripping down my face?  That's because I'm thinking about Joe's.  We had our wedding reception at Joe's in the private Gigi room upstairs- beautiful, and worth every penny.  My husband's family comes from dungeness crab fisherman stock, and so are crab snobs, they LOVED the stone crab (only after we brought and extra order to their table).  The desserts are to die for.  The mashed potatoes are INSANELY delicious.  The salad is even to die for.  Also, ask for the mustard sauce when you first sit down because the pretzel bread is great to dip in it.
4	The Joe's Stone Crab outpost at the Forum Shops doesn't have the same historical appeal as the original Miami Beach location, but the food is just as great.  We had the lunch special - salad, hash browns, 5 medium claws, and a half-slice of key lime pie.  The salad is simply a slaw of iceberg with a slice of tomato, pickle relish, and mayo.  The hashbrowns are rich and savory, and the claws are sweet and meaty, served with Joe's famous mustard sauce.  The key lime pie is hands-down the best around.  At $21.95/pp, this is a great deal and very filling.  We also ordered the crab cake - perhaps the best I've ever had and mostly crab, not much cake.  Note that the crab cake is just one cake, however.  Service is prompt and professional.  Being a Miami Beach native, it was great to have a taste of home with a great meal at this iconic restaurant.
5	While in Vegas a couple of weeks ago I had the chance to re-visit Joe's for dinner. LOVE THIS PLACE!!! The service- GREAT!The food- DELICIOUSNESS!!!!I stuck with the crab cakes which did not disappoint but opted for the mashed potatoes as my side (I love that you can order a half side order, perfect for 1-2 people!) SOOO GOOD! The mashed potatoes were creamy but just slightly lumpy, just how I love them, but topped with cheese and toasted bread crumbs. YUM! I'll be back for a super short trip in July and will definitely try to get back to Joe's!
5	What is a trip to Vegas without having dinner at Joes?  The service is great and the food is excellent.  You cant go here without getting the Stone Crab Claws, they are to die for! (Well not really... but they are damn good!) The steak melts in your mouth and is always cooked to perfection...Thinking about it makes me wanna go to Vegas again this weekend.  Who's down to go??
5	Food excellent, service excellent, and its vegas baby.But seriously do yourself a favor and order a BLT salad and the crab cakes, AMAZING! and I haven't even talked about the filet
5	Need a place to eat on a guys trip to Vegas? This place has it all and isn't going to break the bank like some other places in Vegas.We got a reservation for eight on a saturday night with little trouble on our own, no thanks to our incompetent Concierge at the Mirage.We started out with drinks and a bottle of wine. A variety of bread and rolls were on the table when we sat down, everything from dinner rolls to rye to brown bread. Our waiter was the man. He steered us away from the 2nd Mortgage appetizer and basically told us the only two things we needed were the stone crab claws and the king crab legs. We were not disappointed. The mustard sauce that came with the claws was fantastic. The claws and legs were all pre-cracked/opened for easy consumption...For dinner, most of us had steak. I had the bone in tenderloin (they didn't have a porterhouse, but this is essentially half of one). It was a prime steak and cooked to a perfect medium rare. The lamb and pork chops looked excellent as well. We didn't save room for dessert, but the key lime pie looked very good...
3	My husband and I has reservations here on a Wednesday night at 7:00 Pm.  We got there promptly at 6:45 pm and was seated right away.  The service was impeccable from the host, to the waitress, and the bus boys.  They immediately gave us a good selection of some tasty bread to munch on.  So far, so good right?  We order a nice white wine since we planned on having seafood and the stone crab appetizer and 1/2 a dozen oysters.  Stone Crab was nothing special to me.  I prefer king crab in all its butteryness.  Oysters were delicious but there's not much the chef has to do there.  For main entrees, I ordered the Salmon Au poivre and the hubby had the swordfish.  Here's where I found the taste and texture lacking.  Salmon was not that tasty and too lemony.  The Swordfish was too tough.  We order their mashed potatoes on the side and it was ok for me but their grilled corn was amazing.  The bill was about $160 which included tax and tip and not worth it for just OK food.  I wish I could give them more stars because the staff was really nice.
4	Great place to stargaze...saw several celebrities. The food is really good and the service was fantastic. We went for lunch and paid maybe $85 per couple. The bread was excellent to start and even better was our steak. It's inside the forum shops which makes it kind of loud if you sit outside on the "patio" as we did. Worth giving it a try while in LV.
5	Fantastic food from the 90% stuffed Crab Cakes to the Filets and Crab legs and finishing with the best Key Lime Pie in Vegas this place is top notch.
5	If you aren't looking to save money, and you are looking to eat the best steak/seafood ever, then this is the place to go.  I was fortunate to go with the in-laws so I wasn't picking up the tab.....(thank god!).  The bad part now is I'm hooked, so next time I go to Vegas, I'm going to have to fork down my own money for this place.  I will do it though, because I had the best meal of my life when I went.  I started with a ceasar salad which was fresh, flavorful and prompt.  Followed by a bone-in filet mignon that was the best steak I'd ever had in my life (and this coming from a person who is a meat eater and loves her fancy steakhouses....Ruth Chris' doesn't compare!).  I also had rice pilaf that was tasty.  The rest of my party had the crabs / lobster and they said it was wonderful ("The best they ever had"!).  Didn't order any drinks (didn't want to put the in-laws in the poor house), but I'm sure they would have been good too.  Service was sufficient and knowledgable.  highly recommend, but be prepared to take out a small loan to pay for this meal.  My bone-in filet came with a $50 price tag (that's just for the meat, not the sides and etc) and the Lobster rolled in at $69.95 (Wow).  Well worth it though!
5	Woohoo what a gem! If you're looking for a superb restaurant on the Vegas strip, look no more, this place is it!Swung by on a Saturday night with reservations (recommended), greeted by the awesomest of hostesses and servers who know their food. Kicked off the night with a small bottle of Chianti wine, recommended by server. Appetized the dinner with the stone crab cocktail, which is a MUST-GET, amazing texture with a nice hint of lemon and their mustard sauce ..yumm.For our main courses, we had the Filet mignon which was cooked to near perfection with a seafood salad, a generous portion of lobster, crab and shrimp with their house dressing (again, highly recommended). Side dish included mashed potatoes breaded and cheesed on top, a great compliment to many of their main courses. Finished the night with ridiculously melt-in-your-mouth are-you-kidding-me key lime pie. I should have bought a whole pie....Truly, as good as it gets!
5	I LOVE the crab claws...delicous goodness.  I would recommend getting the large claws instead of the medium...so much more meat.  I went for lunch and got the 3 large claws with hash brown, salad & dessert.  The hash brown was ginomous...don't see how anyone can finish that by themselves.  I had a piece of their filet mignon and it was very good.  Can't wait to go back =)
4	The BEST filet mignon EVER! This is it folks! When you're looking for a filet that is so good it speaks to your soul look no further - get it at Joe's. I generally do not order filet mignon because they always seem to lack flavor. Delmonico's is a prime example of an over priced bland filet. Thank God for Joe's that a sista can finally enjoy a figure friendly cut of steak that is out of this world. I ordered the lunch special and for $21.99 here's whatcha girl got: Petite Filet - Awesome! Jenny's Potatoes - Not the greatest. I would never order this again. The hashed brown potatoes didn't look any better. They looked like an over-sized overcooked baked potato. Grilled Tomato - Phenomenal. Never had anything like this I'm my life. One slice of a grilled tomato covered with cream of spinach and then layered with baked cheese...don't knock it til you try it. Two Crab Claws - My awesome waiter threw these in for free to ensure that I at least experienced the famous crab claws. He was honest about stating they were not in season. They were a bit frozen, but still okay. I was glad I didn't order them as my main course. Key Lime Pie - The Bomb! The lunch special actually came with banana cream pie...once again my waiter went over and beyond to hook me up. The service here is the BEST. Everyone is there to ensure you leave extremely happy. My server went as far as to squeeze lemon juice over my hands prior to handing me a hot towel...OMG!!! Overall, this place was outstanding!. I would highly recommend.
5	Returned to Joe's once again, this time for their awesome lunch special-- stone crab claws, a couple of sides, and a slice of the amazing key lime pie to finish it off.  Everything was up to Joe's high standards, including the service.  Watch out for the pretzel bread in the bread basket-- it may make you ruin your appetite it is so good.  And the best thing is, with how dead Vegas it atm, you avoid all the lines of the Miami location.
5	I've never been to the original in Miami but this one is definitely superb. The stone crab and king crab legs are delicious! This is a perfect spot for a great family meal, i think the next time I have parents in town, we will definitely want to take them here!
5	Everything about this restaurant is fantastic!!!  The food is SO GOOD here - and the service is awesome.  I went for my 33rd birthday with 10 girlfriends, and we had a blast!  The seafood salad is incredible, the crab bisque soup is delicious - and the crabs were amazing.  We were all very impressed with the side dishes we ordered - mainly the rice, creamed spinach and corn dishes.  I tried the Boston Cream pie - I loved it - I have a big sweet tooth!  Overall, it was a delightful experience and a great time.  I highly recommend this for romantic dates, groups, and special occasions.  You really cannot go wrong!!!  Everyone thought the prices were reasonable - you get what you pay for here and more.  We will ALL be back... we can't wait!
4	Went here Sat night and had a fab dinner! I was all about the stone crabs after seeing Bobby Flay raving about them on the Food Network's "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" show. And I gotta tell you. The stone crabs were a little overrated. They were fine but I'm glad they weren't more expensive cuz I would have been disappointed. Not as sweet as King crab legs and I wasn't crazy about their 'special' mustard sauce. We sat at a high boy table in the bar and had great service with a very knowledgeable server. We opted to try a lot of different dishes including the 12 oz filet that was definitely more than 12 ounces. Plus we had the corn (to die for!), mashed potatoes (ok), grilled tomato (great!), the wedge salad (best wedge salad I've ever had!) and Joe's special scallops (pretty darn good!) PLUS the banana cream pie to end it all which was not overly sweet and  had a light caramel sauce with candied pecans on top. Attire was casual and we felt very comfortable to just hang out and take our time savoring every last morsel. Will definitely be back!
5	More like 4.5 stars but I'll round up =)The stone crab appetizer was delicious but I was really there to get my steak on.  My filet mignon was prepared to perfection.  Other high-end steakhouses can't seem to give me the medium-rare that I always request -- and so I always end up disappointed with a bland medium-well.  What the heck, right??!  Isn't it your JOB to know how to cook a steak??   Come on now!But Joe's...WOW...that steak was probably one of the best I've ever had.  The meat was extremely tender and cooked exactly medium-rare.  There was not a single thing I did not like about it.  The sides of mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, and sauteed spinach were absolutely scrumptious.Ended the dinner with their coffee (served in a nice little mini kettle so it's actually about 3 cups) which I must say was very good as well.  What makes this place even better were their more than reasonable prices and excellent service.  Awesomeness.
5	We were told by the concierge at our hotel that this was the spot to go to for steak & seafood and I will agree this place is the spot. Our party of four ordered everything from oysters, calamari, shrimp cocktails, crab, calamari, rib eyes, NY steak, lobster, and then some all in one night. EVERYTHING WAS GREAT! I wasn't a fan of the pies for dessert but I guess it's a tradition their but I was too full to care. We been to a lot of different steak & seafood places in Vegas and I would have to rank Joe's in my top 2 next to Nine Steak!!!
5	Didn't your mom ever tell you not to play with your food?well, that rule DOES NOT apply here!so roll up your sleeves, pick off the shells (while sucking every ounce of flavor off from every single piece!) and devour yourself into these heavenly tasting stone crabs!!You will not forget but crave for more and more!while you're there, I also recommend the oysters rockefeller... It was so good I wanted to lick the remaining off the shell... the best I ever had. and chopped lettuce, tomato onion & bleu cheese... it had real bacon crisped to perfection, flavored oil of some sort (maybe from bacon) was definitely a positive addition!and PLEASE don't forget the key lime pie!! like everything we had for dinner, this too was full of flavors! yum!not only the was the food excellent, but staff also seemed to have been perfected! highly recommended!
5	One thing I must say right away: Get the filet mignon!  One of the best I've ever had.Amazing and knowledgeable staff.  Utterly delicious food.  The bread basket was bananas.  Blue cheese-stuffed olives in my dirty martini.  And the best part was that the staff at Joe's made us feel very special and taken care.  Can't put a price on that!
5	My Husband took me her for my Birthday dinner and it was so good! the Steak is amazing, I just started eating steak about three years ago and this is amazing! the stone crab is to die for! I like the service and food is consistant!We have been her 2 times now and both were great!
4	Joe's is always good. I only come here for the stone crab.  today, at the market price of 45.00 per 6 claws, we ate 2 orders of the large claws and a side of cottage fried potatoes with a crab cake to start.Cold or hot, their stone crab is outstanding and always fresh.  I have to suggest their jumbo crab cake as a starter because it's heaven on a plate.If you are looking for great stone crab or just want the experience, it's worth every penny at Joe's.
4	Joe's is great- the stone crabs were fresh and a good size, the calamari was good and the crab cake had little to no filler.  I ate in the bar and found the service to be a little slow (it wasn't that busy), but would certainly go back.
4	The service was ok, but the food was outstanding! The bread basket was very decorative and yummy, we started out with the calamari which was good and for my main course I had the 12oz Filet Mignon (cooked just right, flavorful, juicy, and mouth watering). The food again, was excellent!
2	this place was okay, not as good as miami.  the crabs were definitely frozen and stuff, i can get that in queens, no need to get in vegas.  if u want the stonecrabs, just go to miami for the real thing.
5	Joe's is a staple for us in Vegas--we just cannot get stone crab this tasty anywhere back home.  On our most recent visit, I tried my very first whole lobster!!!  It was beautiful and buttery and delicious.  We also had one of the suggested dinners with the large stone crab claws, creamed spinach, and some kind of potatoes I think.  WIth the tasty pumpernickel raisin bread (and others), giant lobster, crab claws, and the obligatory slice of their award-winning key lime pie, we were stuffed to the brim! (Sorry sides.)  On past visits we've also had steak (well executed), the fried oysters (super delish!) and lobster bisque (also delish, but they didn't have it this last time).  As their name implies, you seriously can't come here without getting yourself some sweet, meaty stone crab claws with the sweet mustardy sauce that they have perfected!!!  We settle for Truluck's all you can eat stone crab on Mondays sometimes when we have a real hankering, but no one does it like Joe.
4	i really enjoyed my dinner here! we ordered: -Colossal lump crab cake-steak and tails-hashed brownthis place really has the best crab cake and they weren't joking with their Colossal Lump Crab Cake. the crab meat were fresh and not much filler added beside what were necessary to hold the lumps together. the steak was cooked to perfection along with the tails. i would return here just for the crab cake alone!
4	After my first visit to Joe's in Chicago, I was hooked, yet also saddened that there was no Manhattan location.  So, imagine my pleasant surprise when I saw the Las Vegas destination listed on OpenTable.  I made a note of this exciting fact and convinced my friend to try it during our trip to the crazy city.The lunch hour brought a substantial crowd to the outpost at Casear's Palace, and we had to wait quite a while only to grab two stools at the packed bar.  Our busy and bland waitress/bartender did little to speed up our dining adventure.  We dug through our varied bread basket, each new roll or flat bread an exciting discovery.  We each ordered the Seafood Chopped Salad, the dish that Joe's had won me over with.  The large bowl of mixed greens was topped with slices of hard-boiled egg, cubes of cheese, and various fresh vegetables.  Large succulent shrimp, flavorful lobster claw meat, and chunky Alaskan King Crab were scattered throughout the plate.  The shellfish tasted fresh from the sea, perfectly crisp and tender.  In terms of dressing, I had requested the Joe's Vinaigrette on the side, but was told that it usually comes with the creamy Italian instead.  However, the waitress offered to bring me a cup of each, which I was so thankful for.  The house dressing was more like an oily, garlicky salsa with chunks of ripe tomato.  The Italian vinaigrette was also delicious, with a light-bodied seasoning.  Since the Joe's version contained vegetable pieces, you could basically spice up your salad with drizzles of each.  This fresh meal was what health food dreams are made of, and the bread basket alone is reason enough to dine here.  Joe's is a fantastic chain seafood house that far surpasses expectations.  For all of its touristy, casual dining attributes, it will blow you away with its high-quality ingredients and traditional preparations.
5	I am very familiar with the original JOE's on South Beach and just happend to stumble on this one in Vegas while looking for a place for lunch...I was not disappointed.  We were greeted with a basket of warm fresh breads including their delicious pretzel bread. I ordered the seafood salad that was loaded with Shrimp, crab and lobster  and it was great. Others on the table had the lobster, Clam Chowder,  oysters and crab cakes and all raved about it. We finished the meal by sharing thier Keylime pie....it too was super yummy. This might be the best lunch in Vegas
5	Best Crab Claws in the Country!
4	First night on our Honeymoon, we got to Joe's around 10:15pm right before closing at 10:30.  We sat at a table near the bar.  Our waitress came over and got our drink order, and about 10 minutes later they finally arrived with some bread selections.  Other people have commented that their bread was warm, but ours was cold.  The selection of different choices was a treat, and the lavashe covered with melted parmesan cheese went well with my Bacardi and tonic.  For our meal my wife and I decided to share an order of 7 large stone crab claws, shrimp cocktail, oysters Rockefeller, and the Aged 16 oz NY Steak.  Everything, and I mean everything was top notch.  The oysters were filled with bacon, cheese, and spinach; the shrimp cocktail, while not quite Morton's grade, was  tasty and had nice sized shrimp, the steak was thick, juicy, and cooked to a perfect medium rare, and the stone crabs.....Words cannot explain how good these were.  Growing up in a Pan-Asian setting in Hawaii, there are very few sea foods that I haven't tried.  From Jellyfish salad, to raw squid, we have it all there.  I've had Dungenous, Maryland Blue, King, Snow, and last night finally, I got to cross Stone crab off my list.  While pricy at about  $60 for 7 Large pieces, they are divine.  Huge fatty pieces of perfect claw meat await you after taking off the pre-cracked shell.  Follow that up with a dip in Joe's famous mayo sauce, and you have the food that the gods were suckled on.  And oh yeah, we ordered a bottle of bubbly to compliment the sea food, and  cut the fattiness of the of the steak.  Overall, a great meal, and a great start to our Honeymoon in Vegas.  I would eat here every week if I could, but at $300 including tip, I wouldn't be able to make my car payment.  That being said, the service, although very friendly was slow, and I know that it was because it was so late, and we were literally the last seating, but I have been to places in NY and Chicago that were the same caliber of food, had a late res, and they took care of us the entire way.  Last night it felt like a great meal, but a little rushed.  Never a good feeling when you drop 3 bills for a meal.  So a little our fault, a little theirs.  Next time we come, I'll make an earlier res, and hopefully the service will be a little sharper.
5	had a business dinner there, ordered the stone crab for apps, a filet mignon with mashed potatos and spinach. Great meal, good servicea little pricey, but will return
4	I'm definitely a fan! The fam took a Vegas vacation for my parents 40th anniversary. A friend suggested Joe's. Great place to go for a party of 6. Their specialty is the crab and steak.  We started with the calamari. YumI ordered the Medium stone crab that came with mustard sauce. The crab was delicious and the sauce nicely complimented the dish. As a side i ordered the sweet potato fries.. it was sooo yummy with the mustard sauce. My beau had the bone in filet. Yes were all a little confused that the filet came with a bone, but our waiter assured us it was possible. It was cooked perfectly and melted in the mouth. That's how I like my filet mignon! Everyone else loved their dishes. At the very end our server brought my parents a lovely brownie topped with ice cream to celebrate their anniversary. Joe's made us feel very welcome! A great experience indeed.
4	Best Stone Crab ever. We went for a late dinner and had the stone crab bisque, which is just incredible, the onion strings and the 5 Large Stone Crab meal. And don't forget all the great bread. Our server was Stephen who was always available. We are definitely coming back soon.
5	The patio dining area (where I ate for my first visit to Joe's Stone Crab (the original name of this establishment) is nice enough, with a view of folks strolling around Caesars Forum Shops, but the real transformative experience is in the dining room.The dining room is one of those wood-paneled jobs, and it is manned by waiters in black ties and tuxes. A wonderful "old school" environment. I truly forgot that I was in a fake Roman mall. The service provided by the wait staff was unparalleled. It is great to be in the hands of real professionals. Yes, he's made those suggestions a thousand times, but such polish comes from commitment as well as experience.Oh yeah, the food was great to. Fish cooked just right, tasty stone crabs, crunchy salads not over-whelmed by dressing and marvelous roasted corn (a spot-on recommendation.) My date said her steak was the most tender filet she had ever had. No room for dessert.
4	We had our dinner here yesterday, and it was as wonderful as it could be.  Stone crab tasted light and fresh, the tip of the claw is black.  We also ordered a 21oz bone in ribeye steak, and it was so flavorful and cooked to perfection!  To top things off, their homemade key lime pie was the best I ever had.  The side dishes are hit or miss, so minus .5 star.  It's a great place to come with a large group, food is solid and consistent.  I also enjoy the relaxed setting and attentive service.
4	We came here on a Saturday night in December, a party of 6.  We made reservations for 5 since the only other time was at 9.  It ended up working out well because we had a nice relaxing long dinner before returning back to our hotel for a nap and getting ready for the evening.Decor: 4.5/5  Clean, beautiful dark wood paneled walls.  We sat in the back circular room, the seats and tables were arranged a little strangely in that I noticed later the seats weren't evenly distributed (minor) but not in a logical way.  The seats were up against other seats from adjacent tables.  Poor planning and made getting in and out difficult.Service:  5/5 Service here was fantastic.  The waiters (I didn't see any waitresses) were all in Tuxes and very professional but more importantly friendly.  Plates and dishes were cleared promptly and the waiter chatted and joked with us.  Amusingly enough, we stopped a bus boy (who was also dressed in a tux) if he could bring us a Jus -- he either misheard or didn't know what it was, but he did his best and we were brought some other sauce.  (Some white gravy stuff that turned out to be pretty tasty)Surf: 4/5 I didn't try the oysters but the table seemed to enjoy them.  The stone crab pretty much just tasted like crab to me.  The mustard sauce didn't have much flavor in my opinion.  I was underwhelmed by the crab but it was neat trying them.  I wouldn't feel the need to order that again.Turf: 4/5 the meat was good.  4 of us ordered the Petite Filet Mignon -- strangely I think only one of us finished it.  I guess we got filled up with the delicious bread (5/5!).  The meat itself wasn't bad but not amazing.  I think it was worth the money but sadly not memorable.  The fresh horseradish was not very spicy, their special mix of spices/seasoning was tasty (but very salty)Side Dishes: 3/5 we tried a few of their dishes.  Ranked from least favorite to favorite.  1) The creamed spinach could have been entirely skipped.  It was flavorless.  2) The Mac n Cheese was ok, they used spiral noodles.  If you're in the mood for Mac N Cheese you'd probably be satisfied, but it also wasn't memorable.  Then again I think I've started expecting bacon and maybe gouda in my Mac N Cheese now... 3.  Jennie's Mashed Potatoes.  The crusty crumbly bits on top were yummy and the melted cheese inside was great.  It was strangely dry though.  My idea mashed potatoes have chunks of firm potato and then soft creamy potatoes in it... this was just a little dry but great flavor.  Worth ordering  4) The sweet corn was surprisingly great!  I usually like corn plain, but this was really delicious.  I think we were all surprised with how good this was -- that was the only side plate that was entirely finished.Dessert 5/5: We ordered the Key Lime Pie.  All their desserts are made fresh daily and since this is originally a Florida restaurant -- we decided on the Key Lime Pie.  It was thankfully not green and was very light and at least for me, the best Key Lime Pie I've ever had.  I finished most of the pie even though I couldn't even finish my steak (and lemme tell ya what a steak person I am!).  The coffee was also excellent according to my friends, but I think starbucks is good so I wouldn't know.  Sorry!Overall, it was a great meal.  If I went back to Vegas I'd probably want to try a different restaurant but I certainly recommend this place to anyone who hasn't been there.  The meal ended up being a final cost of  $78/person (that includes a $40 bottle wine). I'd recommend coming here with at least 4 people (we had 6) since the side dishes family style.  Apparently, you can get Joe's delivered to your house.
5	I really have to give my highest marks to Joe's in Vegas -- it was the highlight of my weekend in Vegas. We were treated absurdly well by our waiter, John, who was really the kind of waiter you'd expect and want in an old-school, classy restaurant like this. The food was delicious and, of course, the stone crab was amazing. They serve it with a dijon sauce (I am used to butter with crab usually) and that was a great addition. I also really, really loved the green beans (which they have a far fancier name for) and my dinner, the crab-stuffed sole, was a new food to me and I loved it. I was particularly pleased with how accommodating they were of my dietary needs -- I couldn't have the lobster sauce that comes with the sole so they put it on the side and offered me several other choices. It sounds small, but it was a gracious gesture and they did not make a big deal out of it. I could not believe the size of the apple pie and it was so gorgeous my family hated to dent it... but, you know, it's a dirty job...
5	Eat at Joe's.This is one of the great steak and seafood restaurants in town. I've been to the Miami restaurant but avoided going to the Vegas version for fear that it wouldn't measure up. I was very wrong. Excellent food. Outstanding service. Great, and fairly-priced, wine list. Very good bread selection. And a lovely, clubby decor.This, along with Envy, will be a "repeater" for me when I'm craving protein.
5	we ended our vegas trip with a last dinner at Joe's. It was awesome. The stone crab claws were really yummy...don't need the sauce that comes with it, but the sauce is good too. My crab stuffed sole was fantastic and my mom's salmon was really good...not stingy with the portion. The salmon was actually like a huge steak in size! Sides: jenny's potatoes - nothing to write home about but good. the pan roasted corn: OMG pure heaven. Delicious! How good can corn be? This good! We almost passed on dessert but wisely we opted to split the Key Lime Pie, which is understandably, their signature dessert. Your meal is not complete here without capping off with this dreamy heavenly pie. Really awesome. Service was good, little bread basket wonderful. Will come again!
4	This is not your average Joe. The food here is pretty spectacular. Came here for the famous stone crabs and enjoyed them. I hear that stone crabs are a Florida thing so I bet they are better fresh there but these were pretty darn good. They give you a plate full of just the claws BINGO or should I say KENO since it's Vegas.  It's my favorite part of the crab and the meat has a nice sweetness to it.  To top it all off the crabs come already cracked for you. No more man vs. crab, a battle I've lost many times. You practically just slide the shell right off.   I left with no chipped teeth and without any scratches yea-ah. Also had a nice ahi salad and the crab bisque. Both were delicious.  A nice light lunch except for the Bloody Mary. The Bloody Mary here was the best I've ever had and I don't normally like bloody mary. It was like a meal in itself. Came with a large stalk of celery and these excellent tomato olives.  Asked for it spicy so it had a nice kick to it. Very flavorful and went well with the crab. No cocktail sauce needed after drinking that cocktail.All in all a good place. It's not a hole in the wall type of place but it does burn a hole in your pocket. It's a bit on the pricy side but that's to be expected. I mean hey I don't see crab growing anywhere near Vegas. It's expensive to ship them in and I'll gladly pay anyone to crack my crabs for me.
4	I am all for Joe's.I came here for dinner during a business trip to Las Vegas and was not disappointed.  The service was terrific and the food was great. The stone crab did not disappoint and i appreciated that they cracked the shell before serving it to you! I really enjoyed the horseradish dipping sauce that accompanied the crab and the sweet potato fries. I also enjoyed a couple of dirty vodka martini's and the bartender made them perfectly! I would go back for the drinks alone.
5	Went here for dinner with four of my friends and had a great time.  They real keep it simple with great quality food and simple service.   Got a mountain of Alaskan Red King Crab cracked table side that was perfect.   All of my friends steaks were perfect.Joe's takes a great concept and executes is well.
5	Excellent service. The food is fantastic. Love the stone crab with the hash browns and cole slaw. The key lime and banana cream pie were the best ever.  I had 1/2 a slice of each.   Can't wait to go back again.
5	Tried this place for the first time on a Saturday last month and went back the very next day! Yes, It is that delicious!Within our group we tried their stone crab, shrimp in garlic sauce, fried chicken, steak, macaroni and cheese, and roasted corn and if I could I would of tasted more! Their service was also excellent and fast, and valet parking is free! (Gratuity still appreciated however). I cannot wait to go back!
2	The 2 crab claws that are ~$20 are not as juicy or flavorful as a normal dungeneas crab you can get at the asian market place.It was a bit bland and tough to eat.  Sorry I don't have much good things to say, so I won't say anymore.http://static1.px.yelpcdn.com/static/20100209/i/ico/star_big_2.gif
5	I am a huge seafood fan, so when it comes to seafood I want the best quality.  I will pay good money for that quality too!  The seafood here is too good to be true.  I went there this past weekend for my Valentine's dinner.  We had the medium order of Stone Crab, and the order of King crab legs.  The stone crab is kind of tedious to eat since the meat really sticks to the shell, but it tastes so fresh, you will want to make sure you get every single piece of meat off the claws.  The sauce it comes with is very flavorful too.  MM hmm..to die for!  The king crabs....are definitely KING.  They're huge!  They are not your average size crab legs you find in the buffet.  These are like 1 inch in diamater thick crab legs.  They come pre cracked so you don't have to deal with cracking them yourself.  Instead, enjoy them with your bowl of drawn butter.  So fresh, so good, so meaty, and well worth the $60 you'll pay for them.  For sides, we had the steamed asparagus, and the pan roasted corn. The asparagus was bland, but the corn was delicious!  I've never had pan roasted.  I like the texture!For dessert we had the havana dream pie and a cappucino.  The pie was super tasty and yummers.  A little too much custard, but I like the white cake it lays on.  So good!  Cappucino was of course excellent. Nice atmosphere as well, with nice wait service.  The maitre'd was super nice too.  I recommend this place for a fancy date dinner if you both love seafood.  I had a great time there! =)
4	I love the steak fries here! They are cooked to perfection. But let's get down to business: the food is great in a casual atmosphere . You get a bread basket with an assortment of fillers to get you started. I've had the stone crabs which this place is famous for. It's a chain, but they do it right. The seafood is very fresh! Apparently, this is the highest grossing restaurant in the Caesars Forum Shops. I can see why. I had the blackened mahi mahi sandwich which was also very good with a side of cole slaw. I heard the peppermint pie? is really good have yet to try, but will return.Highly recommended for lunch or dinner.
4	I've eaten at Joe's 3 times over the last 4 months.  Luckily , i freeloaded 2 out of the 3 times - this place ain't cheap !Of course Stone Crab starter each visit - i'm still undecided between Joes' and The Flame at El Cortez - on price alone, El C gets the nod but you get more size options at  Joe's.I've taken a liking to their bone in rib eye with some melted blue cheese on top - now that's good eatin' !!can't remember much else except the key lime pie was impressive !pics added
4	yum yum yum...i loveeee stone crabs :) i wanted to try it ever since is aw the best thing i ever ate and bobby flay was describing this delish item and i was so excited to try it when i went to vegas. i would recommend other crab lovers to try it...unless you're like my best friend and you don't like cold crab...also the mac & cheese was pretty good. would definitely come back!
2	My husband and I ate here last week. The food was good - he says the petit fillet he had was probably the best steak he has ever had - and we both enjoyed our order of stone crabs. The reason for not giving more stars rest solely on the service. Our waiter was so rude and seemingly annoyed with us that it made our evening unenjoyable. I generally let things slide when it comes to dining - I am not a "complainer" - but this experience resulted in me having words with the manager about our treatment. I wasn't looking for a handout or discount - I waited until after the meal to say something - but our waiter's behavior was terrible. I am generally a good tipper, but that night, all he got was 10%. While we did enjoy our food, I can pretty much guarantee that I will not be dining at Joe's again. If you are in Vegas and want a great meal with fantastic service, go to Andre's at the Monte Carlo instead.
5	this place is perfect!!!
2	The petit filet lunch special is a great deal.  However, I came here to try the stone crab.  Served cold, lacks flavor, hard shell pieces a pain to pick out.Never again.Dungeness is so much better.
4	Love the Stone Crab claws and the King Crab here is excellent as well.  Stone Crab claws might be difficult to eat and the shell is very thick but the flavor is very mild and the sauce is a perfect compliment.The New York steak is one of the better steaks I've had.  Not as good as Mastro's or the SW Steakhouse at the Wynn but very good.Haven't been in a year so I need to head out to Vegas soon and stop by.
5	I can now die a happy woman...Because I ate at Joe's once again.This time I took 3 of my girl friends who had never been there, and they to can now die happily. It was that amazing!We had the stone crab appetizer, the New York steak, the Sauted Garlic Shrimp, the Roasted Chicken, and the Shrimp Scampi. Our sides included their Mashed potatoes and the roasted corn. Topped with 2 South Beach Peach Martinis and there you have it - The BEST meal in the world!!! In addition, we were seated quickly, our server was fast and super friendly, and as always free valet. Hands down the BEST meal I have EVER had.
2	I was very disappointed.  I have been wanting to dine here for a while -  it has been years since I first tried stone crab in Florida.  I finally had the opportunity and was going to splurge a bit, but what a waste of money.I ordered the medium plate of stone crab claws (their smallest choice @ $34.95) and also got the cup of crab bisque to start.  The soup tasted nice, but the texture was off.  It looked like the fat was starting to separate out of the cream soup.  I know bisque is fattening, but I really don't want to see the oil slick at the top of the bowl.My main disappointment was in the stone crab claws.  The texture of the crab meat was wet.  Now, I probably should have guessed that they would have been previously frozen, but somehow I expected them  to have a way of doing this that wouldn't hurt the texture of the crab so noticeably.  The shell on stone crabs is quite thick, so they pre-crack the claws for you.  I don't remember ever having this problem before, but  with about every other bite, I was getting small bits of shell in my mouth  that I was then trying to discreetly spit out.  It just wasn't worth the $50 for my lunch.  About half way through the meal I grew tired of the crab and didn't even finish it.  That hurts me just to type it.
4	Excellent service and meal.  Had the special Veal Chop on the bone with King Crab and Bernaise sauce.  The stone crabs were okay. Not worth the $50/lb.  Maybe $40/lb is right.
5	My husband and I added this restaurant to our registry at honeymoonwishes.com as a gift. Our guests paid for our meal. I added this restaurant based on what other yelpers had to say about this restaurant, and this place is a pleaser. Make sure you make a reservation. To do this you'll visit the person inside the restaurant who sits in a cubby hole work office outside the host's desk. Once we arrived our seat was not ready (we didn't wait long 10 minutes), so the host suggested we grab a drink at the bar. The drinks hook you! I had about 4 lemon drop martinis. The host is awesome...watch him as he greets people as if he's known him for a long time. The host on shift during our visit was an older guy, tall, whitish hair. He's fabulous. Okay so now the food. Short and sweet-crab bisque (yum) and great presentation. I had scallops wrapped in bacon. Each bunch of 4 scallops were wrapped in bacon-so delicious. My husband had rib eye...and he wasn't disappointed. And, of'course the crabs...these were awesome! We had them as an appetizer, but I suggest ordering a full order (we had never had them so we ordered just an appetizer)...if you like crab at all...order a full order...and I would order the medium size-get more meat. And the mustard sauce is yummy!. Stop by this place, the food won't disappoint. Oh yeah-the waiter was great too...even let us take a corny love shot while we were there!
2	This was our second visit to Joe's Seafood, but we won't be returning -- there are many other steak and seafood restaurants in the city to choose from.We booked an early reservation because we had tickets to a Cirque show afterwards, so the restaurant was nearly empty when we arrived.  Despite this, they seated our party of 7 at the worst possible table in the room, right outside the noisy kitchen.  That's one of my pet peeves about restaurants, and major points off for that.But the worst was my steak, which was one of the worst-trimmed steaks I've ever had the misfortune to be served in a restaurant, rife with gristle that I had to spit out more than once, and then take care to trim around.  Their menu says they serve prime steaks, and believe me, this was no prime steak.  For $46 (just for the steak) I deserved a lot better.They have a great bread basket but points off for the cold rolls in it.Thankfully, most of the other food was fine and the service was adequate.  They screwed up a couple of the orders but it was a large table, and they corrected everything when we pointed it out to them.Still, our table dropped $800 for dinner, wine, tax, and tip, and for that kind of money we believe we can do better.  So can you -- look elsewhere.
5	Every item we ordered was delicious and memorable. In fact, I'm counting the days til my next visit to Joe's in Las Vegas.Exceptional service! Desserts are out of this world good!5 stars all the way. Keep up the good work.
4	My GF and I took a long overdue vacation to Sin City and when picking out restaurants came across Joe's Stone Crab!  Both of us absolutely love stone crab and based on the reviews and history, there apparently was no better place.  Well, after eating here, all we can say is that the Yelpers and historians are correct!Our meal started out with a velvety bowl of bisque which if I kept a list of Top 5 bisques, this one would be on it and likely top it!  On the recommendation of the waiter, we ordered the Madagascar shrimp which was the size of a child's hand and could have easily served as the appetizer for both of us.  It was perfectly grilled and skewered with a sugar cane.  It was as succulent as a steak but light on the stomach!Then, the main events came to the table and they left not one tastebud unturned.  My GF dined on the large stone crabs that were cracked to perfection for ease of eats and the meat was unbelievably sweet and perfectly steamed.  I have had stone crab at many restaurants around the Houston area including Truluck's and Pappas, and as much as it pains me to say this, the stone crab at Joe's made their stone crab feel like it was eaten at a chain restaurant.I opted to have the stone crab for my appetizer and was definitely wow'd.  However, when a man is presented with a decision of stone crab or nearly two pounds of fresh Alaskan king crab legs, the choice it easy.  The legs were steamed, served cold, and hand cut tableside for ease of eating.  The meat was sweet and melted in my mouth and only needed a dab of the drawn lemon butter that was on the side.And because our eyes are always bigger than our stomachs, our waiter, Andrew, recommended the pan roasted corn.  The corn was fresh off the cob cut into a pan with butter, salt, pepper, and cilantro.  It had a nice bite feel, yet still tender and juicy in the center.  The best part about this side dish is that it had an aroma of fresh popcorn as you ate it.  WOW!And as good as the food was, the service was far superior to most high end restaurants where we've dined.  Our waiter, Andrew, was extremely knowledgeable and made that great recommendation and the bus staff was extremely attentive to our drinks, and cleaning our tables.The only thing that prevents me from giving this restaurant a full 5 stars is the $6 san pelegrino and the 2 weak woodford and diets that were ordered!  Otherwise, we say thank you Joe's for one of the best meals of all time!Food (50%) 5 out of 5 starsService (30%) 5 out of 5 starsPrice (10%) 4 out of 5 starsDecor/Atmosphere (10%) 4 out of 5 starsFinal Score 4.8 Stars
5	For my 100th review, I figured I can't just write about anything.  I have to write about something life altering.  I needed to share with the rest of the world my experience at Joe's.  We begin the dinner with an appetizer of stone crabs.  If you have never eaten stone crabs before...think crab with a hint of sweetness.  The stone crabs are cracked, so you just have to peel away with ease and enjoy.  For our main entrees husband and I are all business and get steaks.  Please note that all menu items are a la carte, so any kind of side must be ordered seperately.  My husband opts for the ribeye cooked medium, and I get the filet mignon (also cooked medium).  I took one bite of my steak, closed my eyes, and I swear the restaurant went quiet. It was one of those moments. For our sides we share a serving of mashed potatoes and sauteed spinach with garlic.  Both were very delicious and complimented the steak really well.  Lastly for dessert we were unsure of what to choose from because they had such a long list of pies.  Our waiter Ben suggested we share a slice of banana creme pie with fosters sauce (apparently his favorite).  Ben..if you are reading this review...you are a genius!If I lived in Las Vegas I would be totally broke.  Not because I would gamble my savings away.  It would be because I would have a permanent seat at Joe's.  The food is on another level, and the service is incredible.  If you're ever in Vegas and want a real good meal without the Legassi or Flay name stamped onto it, dine at Joe's...you won't regret it.
4	Great food! Perfectly sized portions! Excellent service! You can't go wrong coming here. I took my hubby here for his 30th birthday, and we will definitely be back. We paid about $180 with tip for soup/salad (stone crab bisque and a salad), entrees (I had the filet and lobster; he had the filet and stone crabs), side dishes (mashed potatoes and creamed corn), and a couple glasses of wine. Not too bad for a special occasion meal!
5	This is a dinner experience that you are sure to thoroughly enjoy.  The service here is exceptional as our waiter was very attentive.The pre-cracked stone crab claws here are marvelous and the steak is fantastic too... everything just melts in your mouth.... really!  I mean, even their bread basket was delish.  Only thing is it's all a-la-carte so if you add up all the (yummy) side dishes, it will get pricey.  This is not a place for those on a budget but MAN, is it worth every penny!This is when I wish I lived in Vegas.  I'd be broke and fat but still.
5	My favorite steak house that I have been to, great service, great food, good decor, good prices. First off the crab claws are awesome and meaty and the serve them with a creamy spicy mustard sauce and it all works real good. Ok now the reason I gave this place 5 stars is because they serve the best steak I have ever had (three times), it is there signature cut 16oz aged bone in prime filet. I mean big, super tender, and a great aged flavor. Being bone in it is more flavorful than others. Their sides are all the standards but all are excellent and of course plenty big enought to share. By todays strip standards this place has pretty good prices.  Sides are between 5 and 8 bucks and the signature bone in steaks between 42 and 49  so all considered this place is about as reasonable as a steak house gets nowadays.  They have a selection of regular steaks for under 40 plus other chops, chicken, and seafood I have never tried.This is not some hoity toity steak house that serves duck fat fries or tuna tartare taco appetizers, this is a great traditional classic American steak house. They have some 24 dollar steak or crab lunch specials that are worth checking out, I did and it was real good.  We went to the one in Chicago and it was too excelent.
5	Argh, I came here HIGHLY intoxicated for a client paid dinner, and so I cannot rate this place correctly, but will do so on behalf of my co-workers.I recall ordering some kind of liver w/ bacon and onions recommended by one of my co-workers.  Looking at the menu I believe it was the "Calf's liver."  My co-worker was right on the button because it really was great.  I tried a little bit of everything else, from the macaroni & cheese to the awesome crab legs.  I can see why people like this place a lot.  It was the first time for me and I didn't get to fully enjoy it since I was drunk off my ass, but I know all my co-workers did!One thing I can talk about is the service.  Our party was there close to an hour after closing time and the waiters never said 1 thing to us.  They were there to serve and assist us w/ anything we needed and it was totally appreciated by my group.  A+
5	I haven't been to many stone crab places, but this was some really good crab. The sides were also delicious and quite large, which makes it great for sharing. The prices were a little too much for the amount of crab you get, but the size of the sides made it worth it. I recommend the mac&cheese and the roasted corn were delicious. The BEST dish I had at this place was the Stone Crab bisque. It is by far the BEST crab bisque I have ever had in my life and probably one of the best soups. I definitely recommend just going there for a bowl of soup and some free bread. It's a great and filling snack. The atmosphere is boisterous and fun, with a bar in the front room and a nicer eating area in the back. You don't have to dress up for this place, but you can and you won't feel awkward, which makes for a nice balance. Try it, you'll like it!
1	So the food here is amazing, the reason for the 4-Star knockoff is on it's way... I've dined here many times, and I love it, all I really order are the stone crabs and mashed potatoes. The stone crab is moist and juicy and oOoOo so yummy! Service, they treat you like royalty. Attentive, they have back servers so if your server is no where around they are able to assist you. It's fine dining, it's great. Our favorite server is the one they call 'Grandma'.The reason for the 4-Star knockoff: On February 25, 2006 (yes I remember the date, you'll see why) we went out to eat, because we, my (now) husband and I, had become engaged just before heading over to Joe's and we had a reservation, it was a saturday, in the winter time, it wasn't busy. The "outdoor" seating area was practically empty and the indoor seating area wasn't busy as well. Here's what ticked me off... I walk up to the hostess counter, the guy behind the counter, the one with the green bow tie, has been working there, for, FOREVER. He doesn't know who we are, since we only go to this restaurant for special occasions, as this was... Anyway, we tell him that we had a reservation for a party of 3; myself, my (now) husband and my (then 9 y/o) son. The guy writes something down and tells us that "It'll be a 10 minute wait". Well, we were there for 34 minutes, yes I counted! There were people that were coming in, after us, that were being seated and we had been waiting there! I assumed that they all had reservations but when one of the people that were seated ahead of us, another party of 3, walked past me to use the restroom, I asked if they had a reservation and they said "no". I was FURIOUS, WTF, I just got engaged, I was so happy, way to tick me off!!! I don't know what it was, but my (now) husband at the time tried to calm me down but I used to be in the restaurant industry, I have never done this to anyone, why the hell would they?! They're a fine dining establishment?! I did not understand this crap.I don't know what it was, could it have been that we had a child with us? (BTW, there were other children dining there, I tried to find some logical reason for this crap) Was is a racist thing? Heck if I know, it doesn't matter what it was, it was WRONG and the end result: because of that, even IF I love their food, they get a 1-Star rating. This situation really upset me, I cringe every time we go there and I see that DB.Needless to say, this particular night, we ate at another restaurant and it goes to show, bad service can leave a bad impression that can last for YEARS.
5	I'm really not a crab lover, so my wife and I usually come here to satisfy her own unusual craving for crab. That said, we've been here three times now, and I think I'm finally beginning to understand the hype.First - the service is great. To me, service is what makes or breaks a great dining experience. Even if the food is amazing, bad service can make you leave a restaurant feeling like it was terrible. That's not the case here. We're usually served by Brian (who was recently moved up to a somellier) - and he has been nothing short of helpful, friendly, and attentive. Honestly, my wife and I both waited our fair share of tables in our lives, and Brian has far exceeded what we consider "good service". Ok - so the crab - I'll admit that while it took me a while to get into, I'm starting to love it. The mustard that it comes with is quite nice as well. Really yummy stuff, and it feels good to eat something so out-of-the-ordinary when we're in Vegas.I've also had their Filet - which was, to my opinion, a little too much on the "Pittsburgh" style for my tastes. I know a lot of Yelpers like it, but it didn't blow me away. Super tasty, it's just a personal preference for cooking style.I had the pork chop most recently - the portion was HUGE - like a dinosaur pork chop - really yummy stuff. We also had the crab cakes, which were epic - almost nothing but lump Blue Crab - delicious in ways I never thought crab could be.Finally - the dessert - Brian recommended the Banana's Foster pie to us on our first visit nearly 6 months ago, and we haven't been able to find a better dessert anywhere ever since. I've read the key lime pie is great, but I honestly don't know how on earth you could top the Banana's Foster pie. Decadent, creamy, with a homemade caramel sauce on top - there aren't many better ways to end a night in Vegas (ok, maybe a few ;)). Joe's has now become one of our Vegas staples - and for good reason.
5	Having lived in Miami for 20+ years, I have eaten at the Famous Joe's Stonecrab Restaurant many, many times. A Miami landmark for over 80 years, it has been owned by the same family all this time. I was pleased and suprised to see one had been opened in Las Vegas. I suspect that the famed "Lettuce Entertain You" group out of Chicago is responsible for opening this one in Las Vegas as well as, the one that is now open in Chicago. What a perfect match!        I had a 24 ounce Australian Lobster tail that was magnificent!  My wife had a petite Filet with stone crabs. The crabs were sweet and the mustard sauce was the same as in the Miami restaurant. Her steak was cooked to perfection. the potatoes Lionaisse and the creamed spinach with roasted garlic were as good as the Miami store. Service was impeccable and without the need to tip the Captain's $5 a head to get a table (Joe's in Miami is infamous for this). The place actually takes reservations, how civilized. The wine list was very good and fairly priced for an upscale restaurant. Treat yourself to this welcome addition to the Las Vegas restaurant scene.
4	The food here is some of the best I've had.  If you ever see the Paremsan-Crusted Halibut on the specials menu, I insist you get it.  It was one of the best fish dishes I've ever eaten.  The mashed potatoes are so good, and the stone crab app with the mustard sauce, yum yum yum.  The only reason I am knocking off one star is because our server really rushed us.  She was super-efficient at her job which is great but this isn't a diner so she really needed to slow her roll.  She tried several times to take away plates before we were finished and also kept coming back for the check when we hadn't even looked at it yet.  If it was a little more leisurely, I'd give them 5 stars.  I would definitely come there again, though, and would recommend to anyone.
4	~ The Story ~BF wanted to get some real quality Alaskan King Crab Legs and I wanted raw oysters~ The Order ~Alaskan King Crab Legs - $59.95-  First, the order was huge..I mean I know it is only 1lb but damn..-  He usually loves the crabs at the Wynn but these are so much more fresh, less waterly, and sweeter- Waiter said they are flown in everyday freshOysters on the Half Shell - $13.95 - Small but very plump & yummyMac & Cheese - $7.95- This was soo good..it was creamy and little crunch topping- I forget ..it was a white cheese..think it was gorgonzola or something not cheddarHalf Peanut Butter Pie - $3.95- if you love PB this is for you cuz it is very very rich and creamy- best part is the half size is still pretty big & sharable~ Other Comments ~- Service was great- Nice to sit in the bar area & watch TV and chill- half size for most of their desert- will be back to try to stone crab next time
5	we had heard of Joe's and their famous stone crabs on the food network's "best thing i ever ate" so of course it was something we HAD to try! being that they "regenerate" their claws i also felt like we were being eco-friendly haha :)once we sat down it was clear the place was classy. the table setting, the server, geez even the bread - everything was high quality. we didn't want to waste our tummy space on bread but each one (there were at least 5 different kinds) was yummy. next i had caesar salad (which was funny cuz we were at caesar's palace) and a chardonnay, while my husband had oysters rockefeller and a "fat tire" (since we don't have this beer where we live) - all were pleasant. but then the stone crabs came and we dug in! they crack them perfectly so it's very easy to get the meat - and boy there's alotta meat in those suckas. we shared a small order and it was plenty. i know everyone raves about the special sauce but i would've preferred the option of just plain drawn butter to enjoy the true flavor of the crab.all in all, it's a must try. i dined in shorts and a tank top but felt like a million bucks at Joe's!
5	Loved it!  Had the select stone crabs which were awesome and so was the half shell oysters.  Do NOT get the mac and cheese though.  It was dry and not very cheesy at all.  We also had the bacon wrapped scallops which were yummy.  I was so full I didn't get to eat any desserts but next time I will try to key lime pie.
4	Joe's is a stand out in the over saturated steak house city of  las vegas.  I believe every single casino has a steak house and to me they are all beat by Joe's.  At least the ones i've been too (reviews to come).Joe's is known for their Stone Crab, which I enjoy but each steak I have had there has just been amazing.  Which says something for their attention to quality.   This consistent quality has kept me coming back and stopped me from trying other places as I can only eat steak once in a weekend. The only reason Joe's doesn't get 5 starts is some of their sides haven't been the best.  My favorite of the side dishes is the sweet corn. The Stone crab is always on point but I keep coming back for the bone in rib-eye.  Which is served with some sort of seasoning which just brings out the flavor in every bite.As I stated earlier, there are steak houses everywhere in vegas.  What puts Joe's on top for me is their Key Lime Pie!  It may not be for everyone but for me it has the perfect amount of sweet to tart ratio.  A thing you notice is that it is not a light green color but a yellow.  So if you ever get a key lime pie that is green just send it back!  Once you have had Joe's your standard in pie will have gone up I promise.
4	Yum. Yum. Seafood. and Steak. Yummy in my Tummy.I've been wanting to go to Joe's ever since I saw it featured on Giada's Weekend Getaways (although that was the Miami location).I wanted to come here for dinner, and we had some trouble finding reservations on a Friday night (then again, probably shouldn't have tried to make reservations that day). We ended up taking a 5:30 spot, which is, not surprisingly, when they open up for the dinner service.We ordered the Stone Crab appetizer, the crab cakes, and the rib eye steak. While waiting for our meal, we were served a basket of different types of bread. Hands down, the little pretzel bread was my absolute favorite. We were served the our appetizer, and we dived into the four claws that we were served.  They were soo good, succulent, and with a sweeter flavor than you find in the dungeness crabs I normally eat in LA.  The mustard dipping sauce was really good too; definitely not too mustardy. I would actually call it more of an aioli.  Our entress were delectable as well. I ordered the crab cakes, and my eyes popped open when they were served I was expecting a couple disk-shaped cakes, but these were no mere disks, but MOUNDS.  The cakes had practically no fillers to it, but was just all sweet, delicious crab.  The steak was amazing as well.  It had a delicious, almost salty crust to it, and it was perfectly cooked. It brought to mind that I haven't had a good steak in, well, a long time.  We ate every bit of food on our places (despite being extremely full), and walked out of the restaurant with that feeling where you're happy from the awesome meal you just ate, mixed with the uncomfortable, slightly lethargic feeling you get from just eating way too much.
4	Great googly moogaly, Joe's has to be one of the most refreshing lunches I've had a in a long time.  The pre-cracked stone crab are a must and will leave you contemplating if you should order more.  A big plate of them and a glass of white wine are about all a girl needs, well that an my husband for great conversation.
4	I'd give this place a 5 if the large stone crabs i ordered weren't so dry and well...unimpressive.  I didn't like that they were served chilled.  Didn't taste fresh and the meat of the claws clung to the shell and was a bit flakey.  Not even sweet or rich in flavor...just eh.On the otherhand Joe's famous scallops is a FIVE PLUS!  Oh my goodness...there is nothing bad i can say about these...except that perhaps the portion they give is TOO MUCH thus making me overeat :)  I have no self control when it comes to these scallops.Shrimp scampi: 5...pasta is cooked on the al dente side...perfect amt of lemon, garlic, and butter, and the scrimp is plentiful and fresh.Hashbrowns:  FIVE stars!  Hashbrown lyonese (just has grilled onions on top) five stars PLUS.  :)  Just try them...and you'll understand why they standout from the breakfast hash browns from any breakfast place...Key lime pie:  FOUR.  More "cream cheesy/cheescakey" flavor than just tart sweet lime...which is why i favor it.  It's amazingly refreshing and wonderfully balanced.  Do not expect it to have a "lemon bar" kick.  I didn't give it a 5 because it was once served to me not fully defrosted...yes, that's right...it was frozen...nevertheless, all the other times I had it it was amazing.Coleslaw:  mmmm!  sweet and tart and comes with juicy high quality tomato quartersBreadbasket: 5 stars!  5-7 different types of fresh bread served!  All very delicious.Filet mignon: 3 stars--lacked seasoning and it was a bit tough.  Steak did not melt in my mouth as it should for a medium rarer/rare +
5	Just had the most amazing steak experience ever Monday night 06.21.2010.  Believe it or not, it tops N9NE.  It tops Del Frisco's.  Tops Morton's and even Mastro's.  It tops all my other Joe's experiences, also.  All the stars were aligned and EVERYTHING was perfectly cooked and tasted like a dream.  1.  Kushi Oysters on a half shell - These are my favorite type of oysters.  Slightly sweet with a firm meaty texture.  They were on the smaller side size wise, but the flavor was great.2.  Select Stone Crabs with Joe's Mustard Sauce - Stone crabs are always awesome.  They're already cracked for you and you dip it in their rich and creamy mustard sauce.  With it being so creamy and rich, it's almost as if they whipped it with butter and cream.3.  Bone-in Filet Mignon - We ordered this "rare plus."  It was eye rolling fantastic.  Super tender and cooked to perfection.4.  Sweet Corn (Pan Roasted) - the sweet corn just barely charred and tossed in oh so fabulous butter.  buttaaahhhhh5.  Havana Dream Pie - This is not regular pie.  This is pie on crack.  It consisted of white cake soaked in sweet milk, topped with freshly whipped cream and drizzled with butterscotch syrup.  Conclusion:  Joe's out did themselves last night, and I am floored.  Eye rolling good.  Usually they're already fantastic, but last night was exceptional.  Hope the future experiences keep up with this one.
5	I can't say enough good things about Joe's in the Forum Shops.  With the clock striking 9 p.m. and dinner not yet in my stomach, I got a recommendation for Joe's and headed over.  The fact that it was still mobbed at that hour was instantly a good sign.I opted to sit at the dark and richly appointed bar to avoid the 20 minute wait for a table, and got to work on ordering and eating.  The crab and artichoke gratin was rich and delicious, served with buttered toast rounds.  The lump crab cakes were more crab than cake, seasoned well and portioned generously.  Garlic spinach and mac'n'cheese rounded out the meal, and both were done in the style of the steakhouses of old.This entire meal was served up, along with some good conversation, by Mark the bartender.  He must've been the hardest working man in Vegas that night, as he spent the duration of our meal pouring drinks of various descriptions for the patrons, serving up dinner to those at the bar, and keeping us entertained by chatting about books and travel.Overall, we walked out of this wonderful place full and after paying less than what we would expect.  I cannot recommend Joe's enough for a nice, classy meal in a wonderful atmosphere.  They do everything well.
4	Go and order the filiet mignon as fast as you can! The atmosphere is great, the service is great, and the steak. is. great! Plus we got free deserts? Yes.Other items worth trying: The calamari, the crab claws, and the mint gelato."So, Savannah, if this place is 'All That,' then why the measly 4 star rating?!"Well, I'll tell yeah. Scallops were over cooked. The AMAZING steak, was undercooked (to the diners order. I think it was still fabulous.) the sides we OK. I didn't have the pleasure to try everything everyone at the table ordered, but the food was just just-GOOD to me...not OMG I'M IN HEAVEN, so not 5 star worthy. I would give Joe's another chance, but not for a long long time. :D.Oh yeah, and I gotta give a should out to Martha! Hostess of the year! She was fantastic!
5	I's like to think of myself as a SCALLOP  connoisseur..that being said DO NOT ORDER THE SCALLOPS! Sadly they had NO flavor.I ordered the Joe's Scallops and had to sadly send them back and replaced them with the Ahi Tuna..which was good...nothing out of this world but none the less good...Now on to the OUTSTANDING parts of the experience.#1 our server Andrew...ASK FOR HIM!! Hes incredible..very attentive without being annoying, very knowledgeable and gave great feedback on the dishes we ordered..We will be requesting him when we return.#2 The appetizers we ordered were INCREDIBLE...great calamari and the Lobster crab greatin was OUT OF THIS WORLD..must get!!!!#3 I don't eat meant but my boyfriend got the 12oz filet and said it was one of the best steaks hes ever had and was so tender he could cut it with a fork#4 we shared the steamed broccoli DELISH!!!! When they tell you the sides are large portion they aren't lying 3 people could easily have shared the broccoli but i LOVE broccoli so it was great for just the 2 of us.#5 OMG!!! DESSERT!!!! AHHHHH...i would never have tried this hidden little treasure if it weren't for my boyfriends brother telling me to get it Peppermint Gelato with hot fudge drizzles on top...its HUGE and the waiter brings it to you and pours the fudge on it table side!! HIGHLY recommend!!!!  My boyfriend got the Apple Pie A la mode...DELISH as well...HUGE too...perfect amount of crunch loads of thin slivers of apples...just so so so good!!All around great experience! We will definitely be returning! And we will definitely be requesting Andrew :)I would have given 4 and a half stars but it doesn't allow halves and it was def better than 4 stars so 5 it is!!!
3	We came here for lunch and ordered the medium Stone Crabs. My friend had the stone crab salad. The service is average. We didn't like where we were sat. There were tables nearer to the entrance door but we were placed  at the very end of the restaurant. It was dark and was just too hungry to complain. The market price for the stone crabs are also expensive.
5	Easily one of the top three meals of my life. I heard great things about this place from May C. so on our Vegas trip we decided to come here to for dinner. We got the stone crab appetizers, which were great. I would have opted to get the stone crabs as an entree and I believe you are able to pick how large or small you want them and it varies with price. We also ordered the roasted corn, sea scallops and rib eye steak. Each was phenomenal. I was told to save room for dessert but after that meal, I could not. It hurt too much but I will be back!
5	Although they were out of the Live Maine Lobster (only started the night with 10), my alternative of Canadian lobster tails was AMAZING. And my husband LOVED his filet mignon; said it was in the top ten steaks he's ever had, and he's had a lot of nice steaks! The sides were generous; we shared one steamed asparagus and were satisfied. That plus one glass of wine and tip netted $100. Not too shabby for a nice and delicious Vegas dinner. Great service and amazing food; we will return on our next Vegas trip and order the exact same thing!
3	The filet is completely over rated. The bacon wrapped scallops and cold stone crab continue to impress. For the life of me, won't understand after two trips, the hype about the filet. Caesars own steak house has superior steak and don't get me started on the Carnevino's and Craftsteaks of the world just minutes away,.Excellent, attentive service. 5 star experience in that regard. Stick to the crab if you're going here. Something tells me they aren't buying or aging the steaks the same way as when it first opened. Not nearly a hot ticket anymore, reservation and walk up were a snap even during a busy holiday weekend. The trendy and the famous have found other grounds I suppose. Recommended for the crab.Skip the beef.Sophisticated wine list. Decent beer selection. Superb ice-box key lime pie.Vegas-Dressy. You'll feel out of place with out at least putting on a collar shirt and jeans. Very dressy will also feel comfortable here. In the Forum Shops, a bit tricky to find if you're coming from Caesars, so worth looking touristy and consulting one of those map "you are here" displays.
5	What an EXCELLENT meal! I really didn't expect much from this packed bar in a corner of the Forum Shops at Caesars but the reviews were good and wait was long, two good signs!We opted to sit at the bar just to get in and eat right away and it ended up being the best choice of the night. The bartender was a truly awesome guy - he chatted with us all night while serving a packed bar and making drinks nonstop for the 2 hours we were there. A crazy multitasker and awesome conversationalist, he provided the best show in Vegas!The food was excellent too. The bread basket they serve was wonderful (and we got 2 baskets!). The crab and artichoke gratin was creamy and savory. I got the salmon special, sauteed spinach, and the cottage fries for dinner. A perfect combination! The quality was excellent and price was very good for the portions.Our whole experience was great, I would go back anytime!
4	It's not the same as South Beach but for the middle of the desert, they're doing a great job.  They just had the small stone crab claws when we were in for lunch but between those, a massive order of fried shrimp and two half-orders of sides we were more than stuffed.
3	4 words:  Terrible service, great food. Well, I don't stick to 4 words very well, so here's a few more. The restaurant itself is very nice.  We dined in the main dining room, which was comfortable and cozy.  We had a reservation and on a Saturday night, we did not wait one minute to be seated.  Unfortunately, that's where the good service ended.  Our female server was haughty and condescending, and reluctant to offer any suggestions whatsoever.   So we decided on the Stone Crab Bisque, Bacon-Wrapped Scallops and Select Stone Crab Claws, with a side of mac n' cheese, which seems to be my current obsession. With the exception of the mac n'cheese, the food was GREAT.  The bisque was better than GREAT, it was amazing!  Lick-your-bowl amazing.  The scallops were perfect, as was the crab.   Dessert?  Who knows?  It was never offered and we couldn't catch our server.  This seems to be happening to me a lot in LV, a less confidant (or less thin, hahahaha) woman would start to assume that the servers think I don't need dessert.  WhatEVER, there is dessert available elsewhere, in the form of cocktails served a little later during the REALLY GREAT Matt Goss show over at Cleopatra's Barge. *separate review posted* Anyway, not bad value for GREAT food, except for that bad service thing.  I wrote a less than flattering comment about it on Open Table, and received an e-mail from the manager.  I provided him with the requested phone number to reach me, and he did call.  Left a voice mail, which I returned and it ended there.  Not too impressed.  Soooo, once again, a 5 star review becomes a 3 star review due to the bad service.
4	I must have been here 7 or 8 times and luckily, I have never paid for any of those meals, so my review is not overrated because I overpaid.However, I think I WOULD PAY for it myself to eat here (but I just haven't since I keep on getting freebies : )I have never had a bad meal here.  I obviously get steak here and it has been excellent every single time.  I have had stone crabs most of the time.....and I just don't like them that much.  I love crabs in general, but there is something about stone crabs that I'm not going to go out of my way and pay for it myself, but if you have never had one, then you should probalby try it.  Their huge seafood platter with stone crabs, ceviche, prawns, lobsters are excellent especially the ceviche.All in all, if you want consistantly good, solid steaks (especially their bone in fillet or bone in ribeye) then this is a good place.
4	Joe's gets a solid 4 stars from me.  I agree with Keith, the food is a bit pricey--those little stone crab claws are reaching for the loot.  Though, I think $36 for a 12oz USDA Prime filet mignon is a great deal!Starting from the beginning, we were seated immediately (being a Tuesday evening, things on the Strip aren't too lively).  The wait staff are very neatly dressed in suits with white linen napkins draped over their arms.  We were told the specials and were even given recommendations from our knowledgable waiter.  Let it be known, he never tried to up-sell us or push menu items on us, which I think is very professional.We share a caesar which was nothing fancy.  It consisted of the normal chopped romaine, croutons, and large thin slices of parmesan, all tossed in a very light caesar dressing (almost similar to a vinigrette).  It seemed like a small portion, even for being the "shared" size.My entree was the 12oz filet mignon which was cooked to perfection--medium.  It was at least an 1 1/2" thick!  Todd ordered the petite filet with stone crab.  This was the first time Todd has eaten stone crab and he isn't quite sure what all the hype is about?  While he had his own petite filet, he also tried mine and said, "I think my steak was better."  Overall, our entrees were plated very nicely but kind of lacked flavor.  Our sides with our meals consisted of:1) pan roasted sweet corn--simple, yet good2) steamed asparagus with lemon butter--needed seasoning, bland3) macaroni & cheese--very good, baked, light crumb toppingI'm not sure if I'd revisit Joe's for the simple fact of the number of restaurants that out-flavor Joe's.  But how I do wish other restaurants of Joe's caliber had the same top-notch service!
3	I eat here often with a friend but I have to be specific when it comes to what I order. First off the stone crab claws and oysters are not impressive and over priced. They do offer a good steak and their Joes scallops are very good. Good Ice tea and breadbasket with outstanding raisin sweet bread. Overall good but not what it should be as far as quality in respect to price.
5	Grub time... 8)  got the Sole stuffed with crab with lobster sauce...it was soooo good dam near licked the whole plate clean...and the StoneCrab Claws were really good 8)
3	We have been going to Joe's for years and the service and food is normally outstanding.  Our last experience was extremely rushed , as they had us served and what seemed to feel like pushing us out the door in under an hour.  We had an 8:30 reservation so tables were clearing out as we were dining, so there should of been no need for the rush.  The food quality seemed to decline since our last visit also, the Jeenies Mashed Potatoes were dry, and the asparagus was undercooked.  Although I did have the Bone-in Filet, and it was perfect.  By 8:30 they were sold out of the large claws so we ordered the Selects, and they were extremely tough, my suggestion is if that the large claws are sold out, save your money and order something else.  I was very disappointed in our last visit to Joe's.
5	I ate here while on a business trip with a large group and had an awesome experience.  I was never a big fan of crab but after eating the king crab legs and stone crab... it's now my all time favorite meal.  I only wish they had a location in AZ.
4	Liked the sole stuffed with crab and a lobster sauce. Very good crab meat. Service is very good.
3	Let me start by saying the staff was able to deal with problems, but there were problems.  Some seats can be awkward.  One row of tables stare at the waiter prep station, another at a blank wall.  The big issues is that you may not actually be able to get Stone Crabs here at Joe's Stone Crabs.  A combination of the oil spill in the gulf, a bad crab season and that the original Joe's in Miami (this isn't, its a distant partnership) hoardes the crabs means they may be out.  Their "Steak and Stone Crabs" (which is why I went) is on the menu but not being served.  The evening I was there they were out of every Stone Crab size EXCEPT the two most expensive ones so call ahead.  As a big Lettuce Entertain you fan (20 years now) I was surprised.Food-wise the grilled corn, creamed spinach, and the key-lime pie were definite highlights and the good news is that NOT even BP or a poorly written service level agreement with the original Joe's Stone Crab can stop those from being available.
5	I do not care that I have been to a good number of fine dining restaurants. Every time I come to Vegas (which seems to be more and more frequent these days), I MUST - MUST - MUST!!!!! stop by Joe's Stone Crab at least once! This place does what it does extremely well - to perfection. Waiters are attentive and personable, make you feel like a welcome family member. The atmosphere is casual, you will absolutely be using your hands to eat and licking your fingers as well. The portion sizes are generous and the prices are a steal for what you get. My perfect meal here for 2 people who are splitting everything consists of the Hashbrowns, a whole order of the Select Stone Crabs and a half/half order of Select Stone Crabs with the Filet Mignon. I consider myself a meat eater but their half serving sizes are pretty generous. The Stone Crabs do have their "seasons" so if you come on off-season, get one of their other seafood items because you might be a little disappointed. However, if you do come during Stone Crab season, have a grand feast of it and use healthy amounts of their delicious mustard dipping sauce with the Stone Crab. And then of course you must have a dessert - any one of their pies will do and they're all huge so split away.
5	Oh my goodness I have died and gone to heaven.  I recently had lunch at Joe's based on all the reviews I just had to make this a stop on my itinerary.  I believe my server name was Julie and she was awesome.  Although this is a high end restaurant I felt very comfortable in my shorts and polo.  We were seated on the patio which was an excellent seat for people watching in the Ceasar while dining. I started with the 2nd mortgage appetizer that consisted of 1 Jumbo Shrimp, Lobster Coctail, Alaskan King Crab, and Shrimp & Scallop Ceviche.   All the meat was succulent and very flavorful.  Not a big fan of ceviche but I must say it was delightful.  For my main course I had the Lobster Tempura which left me speechless.  Fried Lobster who would have imagined.  For my finale I had the HAVANA DREAM PIE which my server forced me to try and was very happy she did.  Although I was stuffed they make it hard to pass on half portion desserts.  Overall my experience at Joe's was phenomonal and will most likely  visit again.
5	Ah.. Joe's.  I think this is home to perhaps the best meal I have ever had in Las Vegas.. second to Nobu.  I try to visit every time I am in Vegas.  Their service has always been great and the restaurant is a little brighter (ie less romatic) so it's great for casual dining.  They also have a seating area that extends out the front into the forum shops so you can people watch if you want.Crab claws are basically what they are known for but what makes me want to go back is the beef.  I always get a NY strip and it's always done to perfection.  Sides are great and perfect for sharing.  French fried sweets, roasted sweet corn, asparagus, it's all very tasty.  Their banana cream pie is also a winner.  The thing that sets this place above others though is the seasoning mix they give you to put on your steak.  It is quite simply the perfect blend of seasonings that bring out the flavor of your steak.5 Stars!!
3	Wading through crowds of people leaving the Beatles show  the Boy and I booked it out of the Mirage and headed down the strip.  Starving for something delicious and meaty we stumbled across Joe's tucked just inside the Forum shops and decided to give it a go.Although we were a little put off by the pricing, which was expensive at best, my hopes perked up when I checked out some earlier yelp reviews.  In short "food delicious, service not so much."I would have to agree when I was forced to pull out my trusty "eyebrow raise/foot tap" to call one of the hosts over to the front desk.  If am I preparing to spend over $100 on a meal for two lets at least get the front lines ready with a "hello and how many?"We sat in the bar at a high top table and were given with a small varietal bread basket to nosh on. We ordered two medium rib eyes, which came out perfectly cooked, and small side order of green beans.  The steaks had a delicious crusty exterior but were a bit salty in my opinion, as were the beans.  Instead of giving a side sauce they included a small ramekin of "steak seasoning" which I believe was just extra kosher salt mixed with dried shallot, oregano etc...unnecessary.Was it good? Yes.Will I be back? Probably not.For all the hype that surrounds this place I would have expected something darker, more sexy.  The food was just ok and the old Frank Sinatra-ish vibe could have improved with some shorter tables and/or booths.  I wasn't unhappy but I wasn't completely satisfied overall.  Go, yes and pass your own judgment.
3	This is a hard restaurant to review; I've been there three or four times in the past year and I've finally gotten some satisfactory meals by focusing on what they do best: Stone Crabs!We now share a medium-sized order of stone crabs; I'll have a wedge salad and my wife indulges in the lobster bisque.  That's plenty of food and really really good.Everything else Joe's does is simply average - there are better restaurants for steak, for chicken, or even for chicken, bar food and the like in Vegas.But, oh those stone crabs are something special.  I doubt serious if I'll ever get to the original in Miami, but I don't think I need to.  Every once in a while I'll get that craving. And nothing else will do!
4	I love to order from the signature cocktail menu at a nice restaurant! I tried the Key Lime Mojito. The mint balances the tartness of the key lime just right. Delicious! We ordered the crabcakes appetizer, which is very yummy. We always seem to order crabcakes before steak and these were probably the best I've had. I had a very yummy 8oz filet, which was great. And yes, the service was great too! Our waitress was so nice.
4	This may sound familiar and cheesy, but we came here because we saw Adam eat the stone crabs on Man v. Food Miami and wanted to try this super cool self-regenerating crab leg.  Adam knows his stuff and we loved the crab.  Okay, I loved the sweet mustard sauce. I don't think the crab was THAT special since I live in SF and eat dungeness from Crustacean. Joe's has a gluten free menu which worked out really well for my celiac boyfriend.  I would go back and eat more stone crab with extra sweet mustard. Yum-o!
5	Wow! Have the king crab legs.
2	Came here for lunch with a group of friends the other day and we were all pretty dissapointed and unimpressed.I'll admit that the stone crabs were really good, but we were really here for a good steak and the New Yorks we had were overcooked and WAY overseasoned with too much salt.  Me and my boy ordered medium-rare while another one of us ordered medium-well.  The steaks all came medium-well.  Then to top it all off it took FOREVER to get our food in a place that wasn't even half full.If you're looking for stone crabs, I'd recommend this place, but don't come here looking for a good steak.  I've made better steaks on my grill at home buying the beef at Costco.
3	Good restaurant to try, but don't think I will be coming back.  I've tried the Joe's in South Beach several years ago and remembered being disappointed by the stone crab claws.  But, I thought maybe my tastebuds weren't "matured" yet so I'll give it another shot.  The stone crab was better than I remembered, but still not worth the $ - my favorite part being the mustard sauce that they served with it.  My girlfriends and I shared all three cuts of their bone-in steaks (NY, filet, rib-eye), sweet potatoe fries, mac and cheese, and sweet corn.  The only cut that really stood out was the bone-in filet, which was perfectly cooked and was tender, juicy, and flavorful.  Overall, the dining experience was pleasant, but I do have one major gripe.  As other yelpers mentioned, it's not exactly the cheapest place to eat, which I expected, but for the same reason, I also expected a high level of professionalism and service.  By the time we finished dinner, it was only 6:30 so the restaurant was pretty empty.  It was obvious that nobody was waiting to be seated at our table immediately.  I was pretty pissed when the bussers started to clear our table while we were working on splitting the bill.  It led to us having to reach over them and they having to reach under us, just a big mess everywhere.  Couldn't even get my purse without having to dodge around them.  Left a bad impression for an otherwise decent dinner.
4	Walked right in for dinner, great waiter service, exceptional seafood! Loved the crab legs, lobster was fantastic. Good beer selection too. Nice and close to the strip, prices are about what you would expect to pay for a good meal in a nice establishment in the heart of the strip.
5	Stone crab... so delicious, so succulent, so heavenly... Mannn I wish I hadn't been so hung over during dinner here... Imagine my taste buds when they're fully alive! AAAHHH!! Great bar, as well. Bartender made me a great dirty martini. I wish I can go back. Mmm... maybe I'll have a dream about this place when I go to sleep tonight.
5	This was my first visit to Joe's and I had the oysters rockefeller for appetizer. Unbelievably delicious! I also had the bacon wrapped scallops and they were also very very tasty and cooked perfectly. The service was also superb. I will come back here everytime I'm in Vegas. This is one of the best seafood restaurant's I've ever been to. I was really amazed with the prices also. Not overly expensive compared to other seafood places.
5	We shared a stone crab appetizer; never had these before, they were okay.  We were told that these were frozen from last season, since the season starts in October.  We just didn't see the big deal with them.  The highlight of my meal was the 2 lb. lobster, which they cracked for me.  It was the best ever, and my wife loved her halibut dish.  The spinach was terrific, also.  All in all, a very rewarding and pleasant experience.
4	The BLT Wedge and a crab cake make the perfect light dinner. And if you insist on dessert, I would insist on the Apple Pie. Amazing! Nice atmosphere and super friendly staff.
5	sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good!!!!! I have always wanted to try this place but never had the chance to until my most recent trip to vegas with a bunch of foodies!! We went there for lunch. Ordered the 2nd Mortgage (appetizer) which was around $16 or $17 per person. It consisted of Crab Legs, Lobster, Ceviche, Shrimp, etc. The presentation of the platter was soooooooo nice but the only thing that really blew my mind was the crab legs. They were sooooooooooooooo huge and sweet!!!! Everyone else LOVED the entrees they ordered except me. I think I had the fish with lobster sauce or something ..it was kind of bland. I am definately coming back again very soon..but this time, I will only be ordering the Crab legs. oOoO and the seafood chopped salad (someone at the next table had it and it looked sooooooooooooo good) Yum YuM!!!!! can't wait for my next vegas trip!!!
5	This is another favorite spot for lunch. I thought the quality of the stone crab was not as good as the last time, but my husband ordered the Jonah crab and they were sweet and succulent. Also, don't miss the crab bisque...it is perfection in a bowl.  It is a rich, creamy crab soup that is perfectly seasoned! We also enjoyed the roasted corn, hash brown potatoes, and a well prepared Caesar salad, with Key lime pie to finish it all. Our waiter, Danny, could not have been more attentive.  All in all, a wonderful meal - very rich & very tasty.
2	How do you run out of stone crabs on a Saturday night? It's in the name of your restaurant. Strike one. Strike two was that we were a party of about 10 and about 3-4 steaks were cooked incorrectly. Strike 3 was what they charge per steak. The service was very good and the sides are excellent but was disappointed they were out of stone crabs and a place known for steaks had such an off night cooking them correctly.
5	The steak I had here was melt-in-my-mouth perfection.  SOOO good!  The steak seasoning that they serve with it enhanced a perfect steak even more.  Yum.  What a good steak!The sides were very good - the creamed spinach gets 5 stars and Jenny's mashed potatoes were nice.  Eat them while they're hot, though.The banana cream pie was so so yummy.  We all shared it.My friend wasn't crazy about her crabcakes.  Everyone else at the table loved their meal.  The salads were beautiful and fresh.Our waitress was excellent and we were sat immediately (we had a reservation) upon arrival.My only complaint was that Opentable emailed me to ask why I didn't show up for my reservation - which I had.  Ah well.
5	Ahhh Joe's! I am so glad I had a craving for seafood while I was in Vegas for St. Patty's Day my senior year of college. Otherwise, we might never have even met! The seafood here is incredible. My girls and I ordered a few drinks, appetizers and a few mains for us to share for a fancy lunch. Ummm Key Lime Pie Martini- where the hell have you been all my life?! Most delicious martini ever with a graham cracker crust around the rim of my glass!! Each sip felt like I was eating pie! I could tell right then and there that things were going to get better. For an appetizer I chose the tiger shrimp cocktail... pretty sure they were from the gulf but omg they were huge! Like 2 inches thick and 5 inches long huge! And so sweet! None of that shrimpy, fishy seawater taste at all. Honestly the best shrimp cocktail I have ever had in my life. For our main we split a few orders of the famous stone crab legs. Damn those things were huge!!! I was a little disturbed with the fact that these crabs are kept alive by only having one arm taken off at a time (as you know crabs can regenerate lost limbs) but once I put that giant piece of yummy, chilled crab flesh in my mouth..... all of that was forgotten. Well, until the end of the meal that is, haha. Guilt pangs came later. It was so delicious. Still... I can't believe that this isn't considered animal cruelty? I mean, I know it's a crab... but it's a living thing. Having your arm ripped off isn't a peach even if you can grow it back, I'm sure! Poor crabbies. Ahh why do they have to be so delicious? There I go again feeling guilt.... sniff.
5	An expensive place to eat however you are taken care of very well.  My coworker and I went to Joe's based on Yelp reviews.  The food was very good, cooked perfectly.  The staff was awesome and very professional, considering I was wearing shorts and polo shirt.  Felt a bit underdressed but was still treated VERY well.  MAKE RESERVATIONS!  This place gets very busy.  All in all I love this place!
4	I went here for a wedding reception. So I don;t know what the prices are like. The steak was good.The bar was open, but bottles kept disappearing with each drink I ordered. I ordered Johnnie Walker Blue Label. It was gone when I went back. I ordered Macallan's (18 yr.), again gone when I returned.The staff was courteous, but had to tell us to finish our $100 1/2 Yard Frozen Margarita's that we bought from the mall outside.
5	Stone crab....oh so delish...went here on a recent trip...im glad i made reservations....cause the place was gettin packed, on a WED....nice...tells ya something about the place...but mos def....the service was unbelievable, decor, staff, and definitely the food...i came here for 1 reason and 1 reason only....STONE CRABS....and in season...thats watsup...ordered 7 med claws, along wit mac and cheese,and corn....the corn is the bomb...thank you to our server for the recomend....and the crab...sweet, easy to eat cause they crack it for you....my co-worker ordered the bone-in rib-eye...looked sooooo gooood...and said it was ...stone crab is good....but i still like dungeness crab,(personally) but i do live in the northwest, i dont think you can get any fresher seafood than in the northwest, yayer...overall, it was by far the best dining exp. ive had in a long time...oh,btw..i like how the hostess along wit serveral bussers were all mike'd up like secret service agents....they were all cordinating the groups walkin in so they would have everything set before sittin down, ie: waters...silverware...all in tip top shape...NICE...oh and last but not least, DESSERT...coconut cream pie, ALL TRUTH...peanut butter pie...eh, and the key lime pie that there known for....not for me...too citrus'y for me... but mos def ill be back...once i sell my house..
4	This is a solid choice for fish and steak.  Of course the stone crabs must be ordered as they are the signature dish.  While pricey, they are sweet and tasty with the house sauce.  Two per person allows for a perfect starter.  All of our fish entrees were fresh and tasty. Loved the mahi and cod.  Sweet potato fries were soft and lucious, and the creamed spinach was also good.   Key lime pie is a fun tart dessert for sharing.  Service is top notch as well.
5	The search is over!!! I have been scouring Vegas looking for a go-to spot and...THIS IS IT!!!You get the best of both worlds here.  Great seafood and excellent prime steaks!  What a relief.We dined here on Sunday night and it was so freaking good!  We had:-large stone crab appetizer -                    so sweet and meaty. pure perfection.-oysters on a half shell -                    very fresh and the perfect size.-21 oz. bone in rib-eye -                    so tender and flavorful. so perfect for sharing! -garlic creamed spinach -                    oh so creamy and topped with roasted garlic cloves. yum!-rice pilaf -                    good but i should have gone for the sweet corn-chocolate mousse pie -                    so yummyThe service was super attentive.  The OMG moment of the night was after we finished our appetizers Patrick (our server) asked us to hold out our hands, squeezed lemon over our them and then hands us two hot towels.  Whoa.  Now that's service!I can't wait to go back.  Everything was perfect.  Service, seating and food.  What more could you ask for?
4	I'm a crab lover - but I've never had stone crabs!  Joe's was my first.  I was glad to hear that the crab grows his claw back - yay, more crab claws for us and the crab gets to live!  Joe's is like a modern throw back to the good 'ol days.  The service level is amazing - there were a team of people assuring your dining needs were met.   We ordered the crab claws and of course the corn!  We also ordered the Lobster bisque which had nice flavor.
5	After walking around the Forum Shops because i came in town to see my parents for my birthday we showed up here. We didnt have a reservation and they seated us anyway without griping or bitching and moaning. What a experience it was. From the bread to the Teriyaki Chicken i had which was massive and not badly priced either. And both my parents had nice sized entrees too. Next time im back in Nevada i will have to make a reservation and enjoy the food and customer service again.
4	Our love of Joe's stone crabs brings us back here almost every time we get to Vegas.  Truely addictive.We usually order a pile of big stone crabs to start (usually the "select" size, and then share an entre.  But we have been known to only order crabs and the "2nd Mortgage" combo of shrimp, lobster, crab, and more.  If you like seafood, and especially stone crabs this is as good as getting down to Miami.The staff is "old fashioned" steak house style staff, and very helpful and polite.  We like the booth seats the best.  Make a reservation if ou don't want to wait, this is a popular spot.
4	stone crab legs are good here~ love the chop seafood salad and the crab bisque. Cocktails are mediocre.
4	I salivates every time I think about the tender, juicy piece of meat I had at this place!!!  I cannot believe of all the steakhouses that I've been to, I fell in love with a piece of steak at a seafood restaurant! You have to have to have to try the boned-in fillet mignon, it is HEAVENLY! Compared to steaks at Mastro's, Morton's, Lawry's or Ruth Chris it is so amazingly different, personally better!  Stone crabs were interesting, good to try, but it's no big deal if you don't. So worth your money!
5	You come here and you probably expect great stone crabs, and you are right. The crabs are so meaty and fresh. They were delectable. But I am writing this review to compliment Joe's bone in steak! Oh my goodness. It was to die for. I was not at all expecting a seafood joint to have such great steak. A must have at Joe's. Their seared sea bass was also delicious. It was cooked just right so the fish melt in your mouth with just the right amount of flavor. The service was also great. We were seated in the big dining room the first time we were there for my mom's birthday. The seating area was a bit crowded but tolerable. Our waiter was very attentive. The second time we were there we had about a party of nine and they sat us in the private room without our request, which I thought was very thoughtful of them. Joe's is a great restaurant for a romantic dinner or to take clients or visiting friends to. This has became one of our favorite restaurants to go to!
4	I love crab.  Blue, King, Alaskan Snow, Dungeness, and now Stone Crabs.  I came here last year and decided to refresh my memory.  I'm glad I took that long walk from my room at Caesars to Joes.We had a dozen of the oysters, their world-famous scallops, the shrimp and scallop ceviche and of course the stone crabs.  The oysters were smaller than the ones that I am used to eating.  But these oysters tasted a whole lot better.  It came with a cocktail sauce and another one that looked like italian dressing.  Just eat it without the sauce.  It's that good.  Their world famous scallops were very good.  Very sweet and buttery.  Nice texture to them also.  Get them.  The ceviche was alright.  A little to acidic for my taste.  I don't think I would order that again.  Now onto the reason we came here, the stone crabs.  We got the Select stone crabs.  6 to an order.  Our server said the different types were just the size of the claws, not the taste.  She said all the orders usually come out to a pound.  Might as well get the bigger claws which make it easier to get the meat and eat.  It came with Joes mustard sauce but I just squeezed some lemon juice on them and it was perfect.  Winner!Our server was really helpful and cheery.  We could joke around with her and she joked back.  Our glasses never went dry.  Very attentive here.  I think I'll make this a regular stop every time I come to Vegas.
5	Love this place.  Their Alaskan King Crab legs are no joke.  We had buffet at the Bellagio the night before, and it pales in comparison.  If you want juicy delicious large pieces of king crab, then come here.  I feel spoiled that I don't want to eat King crab anywhere else unless I know it's just as good.  Pork Chop ~ This was delicious as well.  The best pork chop I've had in my life.  It was a huge thick piece.  Perfect amount of meat and fat.  Steak ~ Had this last time we came here.  Also wouldn't expect the steak to be so delicious, but it was one of the best steaks I've had.  Side dishes~ Pan-fried sweet corn - Delicious.  Not the most special, but a great compliment to the meal~ Sauteed garlic spinach - also delicious.  Something that could be made elsewhere, but another great compliment to the meal.Arriving here is a little difficult if you don't know where to go.  Best is to park at Caesar's palace and walk through the shops.  We did valet off the strip, but we were late our first time since there was so much traffic.  Last night we walked from our room at the Bellagio and arrived early.Service was amazing.  Waiter gave us a great tip on a place in Los Angeles.
3	Food was great however server just couldn't get our order right.She messed it up 3x.
5	WOW! This place is the BEST, I mean the BEST! The bacon wrapped scallops are too die for!!!!! The crab cakes are yummy and full of crab. The steaks are tender and full of flavor!!!! I went with a party of 5 and everyone loved their food! This place is a must go for seafood lovers! Oh, the sideS were delish too, they are BIG enough to share! The Fried Asparagus and Jennies Mashed potatoes are yummmo!!!  Dont forget the Havanna Dream pie!!!
5	I'm so sad, I really think I am going to cry as I type this. But Joe's has removed from their menu the sauteed garlic shrimp! Please say it isn't so Joe's!Bring it back!!! They still get 5 stars though, Lol. Tear!
4	AWESOME! We practically came here right off the plane. (We picked up the rental car and checked into our hotel first.) We were starving because it was dinner time back in Brooklyn and we had flown through lunch. Thank the merciful heavens for the loveliness that is Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crabs. We started with a appetizer-size order of the claws themselves. They were perfectly fresh and sweet.I ordered the fried chicken and it was all killer, no filler. You might need a friend to help you finish, though because it must have been half a five pounder. Not that I'm complaining. It was great.The bar makes a nice cocktail and the prices are usual for a traditional steakhouse (think $30 entrees). If you want a real treat, Joe's is worth the splurge. We certainly felt like "high rollers".
2	I had been here before and loved it, but if my recent trip was any indication it has gone downhill severely.  My wife and I went for lunch around noon and the restaurant was about half full.  We ordered our drinks/meals and everything was fine at that point.  That is when the trouble started.First off, any Joe's veteran knows about the crack-crack-crack method for easily eatable crab when done correctly.  However, my order of stone crabs appeared to be just CRUSHED with a sledgehammer.  I spent almost my entire time removing teeny tiny bits of shell from each bite I took.  It was terrible.  Secondly, about the time our food arrived, the restaurant was completely filled.  Not sure if they understaffed on purpose or not, but that was the result.  Drinks went unfilled, napkins could not be obtained, and the check took forever.Having been to Joe's enough to know the potential, this was a severely dissatisfying experience.  As a general rule, when I am paying a premium (and at Joe's, you WILL pay a premium) for my seafood, I expect a quality meal that simply put, was not delivered for many reasons.  I will probably try them again and see if this was an anomaly or not.
5	This place is absolutely terrific!  I've had dinner here on a number of occasions and never have been disappointed.  The bone in ribeye is outstanding and the Stone Claws are infamous with their mustard sauce.  I've also would rank the Black Cod as some of the best fish I've had in a long long time.It's curious but the bar food here is just as outstanding as the dinner menu.  The burgers and appetizers never disappoint while the service here is outstanding.  This place is always packed but it is not difficult to eat here off dinner hours say 5pm or 8pm.Do yourself a favor and treat yourself to this place as it's reputation precedes itself.  Top notch food, wine, and service with valet right outside the restaurant.  Do not be put off by all the tuxedo waiters as this is in Vegas so jeans and a T-Shirt will get you in but you will feel a bit under dressed with mink coats and suits surrounding you.Worth the money you'll spend and opt for the Large or Special Stone Crab Claws even if they do run you $55 for 4 of them.  Huge amount of meat on them vs the medium size claws.I do bring my children here and the servers are very accommodating with patio (in the mall) seating vs the dining area.  I am a regular here.
3	Inconsistent! The first time I ate here was very good. The 2nd time, not so much. The stone crab seemed tiny (I ordered the select, but I swear they gave me medium) and kind of water-logged. I'm guessing it was from being frozen. My gf ordered a king crab appetizer, but half the meat was like opaque white mush, I'm not sure what the problem was because it didnt smell bad or anything. They brought a new one and it was fine. Why did they give us the funky one in the first place? This place seems a little chauvinistic, as the tables with men at them seemed to get better service. Sadly, this kind of macho discrimination seems all too common at these kinds if places.
5	Always enjoyed my stone crab when I visit Vegas which is about twice a year. I will not miss this place for anything and really think the stone crab is a must when you visit Vegas
4	With over 200 reviews, there's no need for severe detail. You have your pick of reviews and opinions, including the 1 and 2 star anomolies. So outside of raving about the food, and what is usually very organized and pro-steakhouse service, I'd like to talk about two of my favorite things.....First, this restauraunt, although it's crazy-popular, and located on the strip, is one of the easiest to drive to and park. There's a small driveway at the South end of the forum shops off the strip. You pull in there, hand over your ride to the valet, and just walk into that South end entrance and "wha-lah"... Joe's is right there on your left, across from the "$75 Shave and Haircut Shoppe."My second best thing about Joe's? The KEY LIME PIE. I've visited Joe's several times, usually when hosting clients from trade shows in which we're participating. And every time, our small groups will start the ordering with drinks, (or carry them in from the bar). Then we'll order one of the two large seafood layden appetizer trays, a few sides for our entrees, and then steaks and/or more seafood. But after it's all done, there are two more items I look forward to. It's my coffee and a huge slice of their Key Lime Pie! And if anyone thinks they might want a bite, or starts in with, "Oh, I'm so full, I'll just have a bite of yours"... I order another slice for the table. (I don't share! And these "light eaters" are usually first-timers that aren't yet "keylime addicts!")At Joe's, with a party of 4, you'll average about $75 to $150 per person with moderate wine choices. The food is very good to great, and the servers are all trained to a very high "prime steakhouse level." I've almost always made reservations, and have always enjoyed the overall experience.
5	Joe's is one of my favorite spots in Vegas, I'm a vegetarian but the vegetable dishes are amazing! My favorite's are the fried asparagus with lemon butter sauce, jennies potatoes, green beans and cream corn, just perfect. The bar is also really fun and the cocktails are the bomb, It's a great bar to enjoy a cocktail before sitting down to eat. I love the "outdoor" seating area which is were I normally sit as it's light and I can see if there's fly in my salad :) I dined once in the back room which is dark and romantic, that was a hot date night and then who cares if there's a fly in my salad? I'm getting some..Quick note about the stone crabs, I'm normally the only vegetarian of the group so they are always ordered and apparently amazing (if they are fresh) sometimes they have been frozen and my guests have sent them back because of that.
3	I got crabs this past weekend in Vegas...Joe's Stone Crabs, that is; what else did you think I was talking about?! This was my first time having stone crab claws & I thought they were just so-so. The texture was a little like a flakey white fish, dense & less sweet than Dungeness crab meat (my fave kind.) At over $10 per Large claw (an order comes with five), a taste of Joe's does not come cheap. And the mustard sauce (spicy from the horseradish) was good, but I'm going to call 'overhyped' on their namesake dish. The three of us also shared a crab cake entree ($24, too much breadcrumb filler), a salad & the 'Second Mortgage' appetizer ($16) which was the best thing we tried. I especially liked the jumbo prawn & shrimp & scallop ceviche that was included in the appetizer. Service from everyone we encountered was five stars-- very professional, but given that I've had better crab cakes at The Palm a few doors down & the stone crabs hit my wallet pretty hard, I'm giving their food a lukewarm three stars.Getting (stone) crabs in Vegas-- not so yummy.
3	I made the mistake of eating king crab legs the previous night, so I was pretty much crabbed out by the time we arrived at Joe's.I rallied and was able to order a crabcake appetizer, yay, though it wasn't as good as the previous evening's crabcake appetizer---boo.I ended up with the mahi mahi and it was excellent.  The sides that we went with were the mashed potatoes and the asparagus, the mashed potatoes were BLAND, one tablemate was pouring his clarified butter leftover from his lobster onto the potatoes and the rest of us were adding salt & pepper.  One person suggested that maybe they were instant.  I don't know about going that far, but they were blah.Our waiter definitely had an attitude, just a "holier than though" type of person so it wasn't a great dining experience overall, too bad.  We had dessert too, but I've completely forgotten what it was.  Oh, and we were charged for the wrong glasses of scotch that we had at the end of the meal.  When you're paying $400 for dinner what's $4, but still---get it right.
5	The food and the service here is great to say the least.  We started the night off with the Lobster Tempura and Joe's famous Scallops as appetizers.  Both were unbelievable.  The lobster tail was succulent and sweet and the coating was delicious and crispy.  The Scallops are seasoned and poached in clarified Butter.  If you do not like scallops, this is the dish to change your mind IMO.The Crab Bisque is great.  I am usually not a soup bisque person but I would definately have this when I come back.And finally the Stone Crab Claws.  We got a few of the large orders steamed and we were very satisfied.  I could eat the claws alone but combined with that clarified butter it was excellent.I have eaten here a few times before but this time was better than my previous experiences.
4	Let's face it.  If you want a steak in Vegas, a seafood place wouldn't be your first pick.  However, Joe's combines the best of both worlds. Made a reservation for a Monday night while attending a conference in Vegas.  The place was crowded.  Seating in the front (outside in the Forum shops), in the middle of the restaurant with the bar, and more intimate dining in the back.  Ordered the Caesar salad to start - nothing fancy (which is a tad ironic considering the place is located in Caesars Palace.)  Since the stone crab is so famous, also ordered some to try.  Some roasted corn on the side was a recommendation from the waiter.  And for the main course, a dry-aged bone in rib eye steak.  The stone crab was good - not as sweet as I had imagined.  Then again, being from the San Francisco Bay Area, I get spoiled by dungeness crab.  But good nevertheless.  The steak was fantastic!  Cooked perfectly.  Seasoned perfectly.   The bone-in adds so much flavor.  Superb quality.  And the corn was really delicious with a smoky, peppery flavor.    To top off the meal, I had to try their key lime pie which someone had said they fly in from Florida.  Not having been to Florida and not sure if this rumor was true, this was still the best key lime pie I've ever tasted.Would really love to come back to Joe's someday.  Great experience and excellent food.
4	I would have given this 3.5 stars, but i will go with the 4 stars. the 3.5 was based on my other parties experience. First we had to try the stone crab, so we got two stone crabs and for two is was $22.95. But they were unlike any crab i have ever had, the texture was a little more solid then other crabs and they serve it with this chilled mustard sauce, which is ummmmmmmmmm so good. We even saved the sauce to try it with the petite filet mignon. My wife ordered the Filet mignon which i had a bite and it was very good, she ordered it with a creamy horseradish sauce, but combine the mustard and the horseradish sauce together and you have a match made in heaven.I ordered the stone crab bisque, which was very rich, but very tasty. Since everything is al carte, we ordered the lyonnaise potatoes, which these portions are big enough for 3 to 4 people to share. The potatoes where crispy and the onions on top were cooked to perfection great side.Other people in our group ordered the prime bone-in dry aged ribeye, i didn't try it but both people who ordered it didn't like it. But the two people in our group who ordered the Filet Mignon, both loved it.
5	Joe's is high-quality well-prepared food, excellent service, and an old-time steakhouse atmosphere.We went for my husband's birthday and had a great time. Obviously their signature stone crab claws are excellent. For our entrees, I had the glazed black cod, based on the recommendation of other reviewers. I was not disappointed - it was excellent! Light, flaky, but with a little bit of sweet barbecued glaze. My husband had the steak and king crab, which was also very good. I might complain about the amount of king crab (it seemed like less than one leg), but we were so stuffed, we didn't even finish everything anyway. Our sides were the corn and creamed spinach. I would not normally have ordered corn, but this was quite good, and I loved the creamed spinach. He drank, I had club soda, and we shared a dessert. Total, with tip, was just over $150 - you could pay a lot more for a lot worse food!
5	The food is great and the service is fantastic.  There is this deadly potato concoction that is to die for!.
4	I was in town for a conference and a group of us ended up here. Food was excellent. Minus one star for the vibe of the staff. From the Maitre d' to the wait staff, their attitudes and demeanor seemed bothered, like everyone was interrupting their day. Their attempts at being gracious, seemed very forced. Pricing is way expensive, but I guess that's Vegas.
5	We decided to make a last minute reservation at Joes on a Saturday night. We had no problem making the reservation and were seated right away. The bread we were given was delicious. We started with stone crab and a wedge salad. The crab is just a vessel for the most delicious mustard dipping sauce. I usually don't even like butter with my crab but this was am exception. I had the black cod...omg so good! My husband and brother in law had streak quick they said was amazing and me my sister in law had terriyaki chicken...I think they gave her a while chicken. Service was great! Highly recommend!
4	Excellent meal and excellent service the night I went with my date.  Ordered stone crabs and ordered a second helping because they were so good.  Also had salad with bluechees with a delicious vinegarette.  Ordered the Lyonnaise with the carmelized onions on top and the special which was sauteed corn that was soooo sweet.  My date had the filet mignon which was a bit overcooked (hence the 4 stars) but I had the bone-in ribeye which was cooked perfect medium rare with that slight crust on the outside.  Our server was very, very attentive even though he was very busy with a huge 10 top beside us - much appreciated.  Absolutely too stuffed to have dessert but there will be a next time!
5	Stone crab claws were delectable ... and pricey ... but well worth the money.  Love Joe's mustard sauce!  My husband expected to be dining with bibs on but they actually make it possible for you to eat these things daintily (nicely cracked and easy to eat).  Filet was fabulous and reasonably priced, as were the side dishes.  Our waiter, wish I could remember his name, was a wonderful older gentleman.  We did have to wait around 30 minutes after our reservation time but it appeared to be the norm - the place gets quite busy.  We'll definitely go back!
4	One of my favorite restaurants for a nice night out in Vegas. Everything I've had there is delicious, but my favorites are the crab bisque and the pan-roasted sweet corn.  I'm not a huge fan of cold crab, which is how they serve the stone crab, but there are so many great things on the menu that that doesn't really matter. It's always a bit crowded, so I recommend making a reservation.
2	We had a business dinner with 8 people. The staff is good. Very professional and well trained. The food.....Egh, not so good. We had seafood and steaks. To be honest, the seafood was tasteless. I mean no taste, I mean just bland! for that price it should have some flavor. I had the potato encrusted fish and my colleague had fish as well (cannot remember what it was). We both commented on how tasteless it was. Anyway, lunch the day before was good but dinner, not so much. Will not return next time in town.
5	We were looking for a good seafood place outside of the Mirage Hotel because the restarants at the hotel are terible and pricey.  I found Joes' on yelp, which is only a two minute walk from the Mirage inside the Forum Shops.The food was amazing, even for Vegas standards.  We had the shrimp cocktail served on a bed of ice.  It came with four large shrimps and one of the best cocktail sauces I have ever had.  Perfect combination of spices..  The bread basket assortment was so good too, some sweet, some soft, some crunchy and some salty.  The main course I had the seabass with tomato confit.  It was awesome to say the least.  The side I had was the rice and the grilled tomatoes.  The tomaotes had a real rich and creamy cheddar cheese on top which was a little much for me, but most would probably like it.  And finally for desert we shared a boston cream pie.  Everything was fantastic and the service was top notch as well.  Greta was our server and she was very friendly and provided great table service.  Joe's will be a regular Vegas restaurant destination for us.
5	My brother, his friends and I were at the Vdara with dinner time rolling around with us all hungry, my brother's friend who lives in Vegas asked us "do you guys want quality or quantity?" Quality is what we wanted and Joe's was recommended which ended up being such a great choice that made me begin to hate buffets all together. If your wallet is crying, skip this place and hit up McDonalds, but if you are ready to dine than Joe's is the place to beAmbiance 5/5This place is inside the forum shop at Caesars, the place looks nice, really upscale and great vibe.Service 5/5Top notch and professional. We didn't have a reservation, but they were fine with us, we were seated pretty quick with a party of 9 of us. Food 5/5If you come here, you MUST order the stone crab. The crab comes chilled, when you crack it open the texture is solid and when dipped into the mustard sauce that it comes with, the crab just flat out tastes delicious. I ordered the fried seafood platter that had an assortment of different seafoods like mussel, clams, scallop, fish, shrimp, it was pretty good, the batter was great. Also had the steak cooked medium rare, and that thing was really really really good, cuts nicely, perfectly cooked, melts in your mouth. You know how people say the best tasting steaks are the ones that don't need sauce, this is that kind of steak15/15....too good. I will be sure to make a trip to this place when I go to Vegas, if you are in town at Vegas, get up in here
2	The strip gave me crabs........What's all the hoopla about?? I'm really shocked to see so many of my favorite yelpers give this place a five stars. Have you guys eaten dungeness crabs before?? The sweetness of fresh dungeness crabs kills these wimpy flavorless stone crabs. I know my crabs too. I prefer crabs over lobster any day of the week. But for the price of $54 for the large order, I don't get it! I should have went for the typical Alaskan King crab or a nice lobster tail. I guess I'm mad at the fact that stone crabs are the most tasteless member of the crustaceans.Maybe the steak will save the day? not a chance! I like my steaks thick, crisp searing, and piping hot on a sizzling plate.  That is my criteria and I will not take anything less than that when I pay $50 for a hunk of meat. Sadly, this was more like a mediocre steak, thick sliced, juicy but served warm on a cold plate. I call this a typical ski lodge steak. Except,  the ski lodge steaks are better because I'm sore and hungry from the mountains beating me up.Add in poor service and you have the stars definitely NOT aligned for me on this day.
4	Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crabs OH MY! We're sure not in California anymore ToTo. A trip to Sin City isn't complete without consuming copious amount of alcohol; pAArtying till the morning; and engulfing steaks and seafood. So when in Rome...or When in Ceasars..Do as the Romans.Joe's has it all. Seafood, Steak, Salads, and Pasta. I suggest you skip all of that. Yea. Just throw the menu right back at the waiter and tell him or her.. "LARGE ORDER OF YOUR FRESHEST STONE CRABS with EXTRA DIPPING SAUCE!" These aren't the same crabs you see at the buffet. These are like heavenly pieces of crab claws picked from the god. Besides the heavenly Stone Crabs [http://media4.px.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/1cJ626mx183T-jio_OtKRQ/l]. The service here is good, the bread basket is awesome, and this place is DEF worth a try!*************Ryes Notes*The Surf and Turf was Bleh*You'll get stuffed with a LARGE order or two LARGE orders of Stone Crabs.*If you're nice the waiter/tress will give you the recipe for the dipping sauce. I'm hawking the sauce on Ebay right now. Holler at me.
5	I have nothing bad to say about this place.  Everything we ordered was delish and service was excellent!
4	We were sick of being in the Mirage and right next door is the Forum, so we hit this place.Very nice place, great ambiance, wonderful service.  Our server was outstanding.Here's what I had:Caesar salad - solidLobster Bisque - crazy goodFilet Mignon and crab - very good.  Not the best I've had, but very yummy!The sides are family style:Mashed potatoes - crazy goodHash browns - very goodGrilled Asparagus - goodGrilled corn - crazy goodI'm not a dessert person, but I was feeling like I needed just a bit more, so I ordered the apple pie ala mode.  It may have been the best apple pie I've ever had!!!
4	A table for 9 please.....I made reservations a couple of weeks in advance and we were seated promptly when everyone showed up. It was my aunt's bday and since I'm a "foodie" I picked Joe's. After I made my first appearance here on New Years, I hoped this place would meet the same expectations. Unfortunately it didn't.....Food: 4.25 StarsService: 2.5 StarsOverall: 3.75 StarsYes, we started off with 14 "select" stone crabs! 14 of them!!!! (120 dollars worth of stone crabs). This was delicious like I remembered.....and that mustardy sauce is so yummy that I could dip anything in it! We also tried the Rockefeller Oyster which I was not that impressed. I didn't taste an oysters what so ever.....I ordered the Bone In Ribeye this time and I shared it with my dad. I had it cooked Medium. Well, last time I had gotten the filet mignon and let's just say I was a bit disappointed with the steak. It was dry in some parts (basically well done) and it wasn't medium at all. Luckily my dad rather have the steak well done then bloody, so it worked out in his favor. However, I was a really REALLY disappointed about my steak. The Jennie's mashed potatoes made up for it though as well as the garlic Spinach. I didn't get to try the sweet corn, but my aunt thought it was really delicious!My other foodmates ordered the fried chicken (heard it wasn't as awesome as KFC's chicken, but he is a teenager), sea bass (they said it wasn't fishy at all and it was really fresh), liver (my Aunt enjoyed it), fish and chips (not sure how my brother felt about it, but he ate most of it), shrimp scampi (my other brother ate all of it so it must have been good or he was just hungry) and my lil sister had the cheeseburger kids meal (pretty decent sized). Overall, I think the food was enjoyable, minus my dry steak.Now the service....I understand that when there are large parties gratuity is added on automatically. Since its a "nicer" establishment, you would expect it to have awesome service. Maybe it was just our server because last time we had an awesome server, but at the same time, when we come in and spend 700 plus dollars I think we deserve some good attention. It's not that we were getting HORRIBLE service, we just were neglected. I watched our server attend to other tables (smaller tables) attentively and with us, it just wasn't there. After my dad signed the credit card slip, the server picked up the tab right away. In MY opinion, I think that is a bit rude....why can't they wait the 5 minutes it takes for us to get up and leave and then pick up our tab? Maybe I'm just a cranky woman today, but it doesn't mean I don't love Joe's...I just would ask for a different server. Overall, the Havana Dream Pie is to die for and I love their stone crabs. Next time I will stick with the seafood and hopefully my experience will be a better one with the service anyways.
4	This review is based strictly on the Stone Crab they serve at  this Las Vegas location.  Compared to the Joe's Stone Crab at South Beach in Miami, Florida, this place has a lot more room for improvement.  The jumbo claws they serve is only as big as the large ones served in the Miami location, and their large stone crab claws may not even pass the medium size test by Miami's standard.As for sweetness of the crab claw meat, there is no comparison between the two places.  The location in Miami beats this place hands down.All in all, if you really crave for Stone Crab, then you could get yourself a quick fix here, but do not have your expectation set too high if you have already tried those jumbo stone crab claws in Florida.
4	I am a huge fan of steaks and seafood in general so trying to find a good steak/ seafood place is always kinda hard, I'm not the typical surf n turf kinda gal. And I know what's good and what isn't when it came to steaks also.We came here for a birthday dinner. I actually never knew this place existed, then again, there are tons of great places to eat in Vegas. I ordered a the filet with lobster tail. I was kind of weary of just the stone crab and I wanted steak. My steak was made exactly as I wanted it, med - rare. And the lobster was just typical lobster, nothing to exciting. We ordered the garlic spinach as a side, delish. I would def come here again, maybe try the stone crab. Before we were seated we had a couple drinks at the bar, the bartender was amazing, I wish I remembered her name, she made really good wine recs.
3	outpost doesn't measure up. Wins: ahi tuna salad, seafood platter, peppermint ice cream. Fail: oysters
5	The Stone Crab was delicious but wasn't enough.  So, I have to say it was slightly overpriced not because of the quality but because of the amount given.  It's almost a taster tease.  The 2nd visit, I had their Filet Mignon and it is arguably probably the 2nd best steak flavored I've had next to Fleming's.  Great location at The Forum Shops in Caesars Palace!
4	Great American seafood powerhouse has its own Vegas location and manages to bring a piece of its magic to Vegas, albiet not in full force like in Florida. Yes the stone crabs are flown in daily and  impeccably fresh, the mustard dipping sauce is delicious and the key lime dangerously sinful. Yet the Vegas location lacks something that their original flagship location just oozes... The loud calamity of hundreds of patrons cracking open claws, rauccous laughter and the glee of large tables feasting and the bustle of waiters and busboys hauling in tons of seafood and platters. The lack of theatrics of its main location, it helps demonstrate how important the fanfare and 'experience' side of dining can sometimes be. There's just something odd about eating their famous $80 stone crabs while seated and looking at people come down the elevator in America's most exspensive mall.All said and done, its great food located on the lower floor of the Forum Shops, and fairly exspensive, though if youre purchasing anything in the Forum Shops to begin with, price probably isnt an issue for you,
5	Shrimp and Scallop Ceviche, Select Stone Crab, Wedge Salad, and Bone-In Rib Eye Steak = "PERFECT" Dinner for Two (we shared each dish).  The special mustard sauce for the crab is a plus. Service was excellent.  I'll eat here again for sure!
2	In short: poor service, average food and premium prices.I understand busy.  But if you are going to charge $60 for a steak, please at least stop by the table and ask me if it is cooked correctly.  If we have to ask three times for a simple condiment, we will probably finish without needing it at the end of the meal.There are probably 50 steak restaurants on the strip - I will try the other 49 before I were to eat here again.
5	We eat at Joes every time we come to Vegas which is at least twice a year. One of the best steaks you will find anywhere. And the staff is super friendly, Ralph is our favorite waiter, unfortunately on this trip it was his day off. This time I had crab bisque for an appetizer and it was amazing. Of course the steaks were wonderful as usual. Save room for key lime pie if you can!
3	Went there the other night with co-workers.  Didn't have a reservation but the maitre'd worked us in anyways.  Cool start.  The place was very busy but the service was still quite attentive.The food was delicious - I had the crab cakes which was a VERY generous helping of lump crab with just enough filler to bind it together.  The food took a long time to deliver because of the crowd but was worth the wait.Price was - it really wasn't bad by Vegas standards.  Will go back again.
1	I know the food is great-but-the maitre d' was so rude about the seating that we did not stay for lunch! That does not happen very often!!!
1	We went to Joe's with an extremely large group.  We had some drinks at the bar and each of us was charge a gratuity of 18% on our tab.  After our bar drinks, we received no service from the waitress on beverages.We ordered all of the sides, soups and salads on the menu and especially lots of snow crab.  We heard great things about the restaurant and unfortunately our experience did not match other's experiences.  The snow crab was significantly smaller than Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House, where we ate the previous night.  We recommend Del Frisco.  The snow crab seemed to have been frozen for a very long time; it was fishy, grainy, and not well cooked.  The frozen taste was strong throughout our entire order of crabs.  It was so far from fresh and tasted terrible.  Even the horseradish sauce could not hide the low quality taste.The artichoke and crab dip appetizer was excellent.The Manhattan chowder soup was tomato based, salty, and TONS of DIRT grains.  It was difficult to consume with every taste full of grains. This was the worst soup on the menu.  The crab bisque was great.  The plain potato hash browns were good.  They are boiled potatoes that are placed in a baking dish and toasted on the top.  Not great but good.  The Lyonnaise however, was not pleasant.  It was overfilled with caramelized onions, which were so overpowering you could not taste the potato.  The cole slaw had an interesting unique tangy taste.  The texture of the cole slaw seemed prepackaged, over shredded, soggy consistency, and poor preparation.   Again, the taste was very unique.  Our group ate the least of this item.  The corn was not sweet; it had several bell peppers and way too much seasoning.  The spinach had too much cream.  The other sides were all very standard.The key lime pie had a nice strong, sour, and thick creamy filling.  The gram cracker crust was over sugared and too thick.   Worst of all, after such a disappointing dinner, our waitress made the mistake of charging our group the entire tab multiple times.  Several of us were charged the entire bill.  We brought this to the manager's attention and he had no idea as to how to handle the situation.  We had to break it down to the waitress and explain to her the billing error.  She had a difficult time understanding how to correct and reverse the charges.  We're still waiting on verification from our banks of the reversals, since the restaurant clearly cannot be relied on.  Overall we would not recommend this restaurant.  Perhaps, at one time the Vegas location was of comparable quality to their other chains, but unfortunately this is no longer true.
5	The first time I went to this restaurant I admit I was not impressed.  I typically like lots of flavors and variety.  However, I am now in love with this restaurant.  If  you want high quality seafood and steaks this is by far the best place I have been.  Most of the food is pretty basic, but it is the best at what it is.  The service is super good.  My favorites are the stone crabs, the petit filet, and the banana cream pie.
5	A--MAZ--ING!!!You must get the Stone Crabs (large ones if they have them)They are Melt in your Mouth.They give you a Mustard/Mayo Dipping sauce which my Mom said was incredible but I dont like Mayo.   So they gave me a Malt Vinegar and theirRed Wine Shallot vinigerette to dip the crabs in,  Both were sooo good!We started with salads.I had the Chopped Veggie Salad which had a ton of veggies and was great.My parents had a Chopped Lettuce Tomato and Blue Cheese Salad which they loved.My Dad did not get the Stone Crabs, he got Lobster Tail  Tempura.I tasted it, and it was also Melt in Your Mouth.Sides we got:Lyonaisse Potatoes (I dont eat potatoes but they looked amazing if you do).They were  dome shape, crunchy, and had carmelized onions on top.Brocollini, which was simple with a garlic and olive oil, but very good.They give you a good selection of breads beforehand that seem to be homemade.  I'm not really one to eat bread before a meal, but they had these really think cracker like things with parm cheese baked in and some intersesting seeds that we couldnt get enough of.Parents split the Key Lime Pie for dessert.   I didnt eat it, but it looked good, they said it was very good and the homemade crust looked good.Waiter was great.  Very informative and nice.I'd 100% recommend.One of those places that, yes its pricey, but the food makes it totally worth the money.
4	We decided to stop in here for a pre-show dinner. This place is easy to get to off the strip since it's on the street level of The Forum Shops near Caesar's Palace. We arrived without a reservation and got seated right away. The seafood chopped salad was exceptionally good. The ingredients were fresh and we were able to get in and out quickly. Not really knowing where we were going to eat on the strip this place turned out to be far better than expected.
4	The only reason I didn't give this an outstanding rating was bc we ordered the stone crab appetizer and we were not impressed. At $23 there was barely any meat and waste of money. Other than that the food was excellent. My husband ordered the bone in filet which was probably one of the best steaks we have ever had. I ordered the potato crusted flounder (I think it was a special that night) and that was very good. We got the mashed potatoes as a side which were very good but didn't compare to the pan roasted corn our server brought us complimentary; it was out of this world. Next time I would skip the appetizer and potatoes as the portions are large. We didn't have any room left for dessert unfortunately bc they sounded delicious.
2	food: totally overrated.  yes, the quality might be good, but everything is so awfully bland!service: very very stuffy and condescendingfinal thoughts: ehhhh
5	recently, i was here and the stone crabs were even better than the ones I have eaten in the original Joe's in Miami Beach.  The Key Lime pie is one of the desserts I have ever eaten.  Don't know why one would order steak at a fish restaurant.
5	One of the top places to eat!I've been to Cut and other super expensive steakhouses.  I've had steaks that are $100 + (steak should never be that much).  When the steakhouse is that expensive, everything else is pricy too.  The total cost of one meal would be close to $150 per person at those places.  The quality is also good but nothing spectacular.Joe's steaks, filet mignon, lamb chops, glazed cod, etc. are all excellent!  The prices are reasonable.  The sides are great.  The stone crabs are delicious as well.  The atmosphere is nice too.For a lighter meal, try their salads ----soooo good.To sum it up...Everything at Joe's is quality and delicious.  You can try a bunch of entrees (steak, crab, lamb, cod) and sides (lobster bisque, salads, cream corn, jeanies potatoes) with a party of 5 and only pay $50 per person.  The other high end food places will cost you $150 but you only get a small cut of steak and 1 side.Joe's still my favorite in Vegas
4	I ate at this place for a buddy's birthday--it's pricy, especially compared to the stuff I normally eat--but it was really good.I'm no seafood expert, but the actual Stone Crab appetizer (it's a bunch of claws!) tastes really great. It tastes... more like crab than regular crab.Yeah, uh... So like,  regular crab flavor is like calling it a few times over the week until it finally agreed to meet you at a coffee shop and when it did show up, it was dressed in these gnarly sweats but it's wearing nice perfume. Stone Crab immediately shows up to your house in lingerie on speed dial. I mean, you know. If Stone Crab were an attractive woman and you were a heterosexual dude. Oh yeah, and the mustard sauce you dip the Stone Crab in is the lingerie--it's flavorful and not overtly spicy.I also ordered the Seafood Chop Salad, which I really enjoyed. It has all these colors! I don't know why (you can guess, maybe?) but my salad was covered in a good layer of seafood that I couldn't even finish. Sooo... if you like salads and like eating your fill of seafood (and maybe if you're a tiny person like me), get the salad with Joe's vinagrette sauce.
3	I was a bit nervous about this place.  It was a little too hyped up for my liking.  I mean, what's so special about cold crab legs?  Well, not much really.  Don't get me wrong, they're actually really sweet, succulent, and quite tasty w/ the Dijonnaise they give you, but I guess I never understood the appeal of cold seafood.  I need my crab with onion and ginger or salt and pepper.  Must be a white thing.  :) I did feel compelled to quickbuy some Hall & Oates on itunes after consuming...Also had the bone in rib eye...tender, cooked just right and I really liked the extra spice rub that they give you.The key lime and coffee was a great way to end the meal.Total was about $100/per incl. tax/tip/drinks.  Not bad for Vegas, but I Can't Go for That (No Can Do) and will be trying some other stuff next time out...
1	I wouldn't know about the food or waitstaff, but was trying to make a reservation for my wedding dinner and told them I would prefer they not put the gratuity because of all the reviews stating lack of service when auto grated and the manager was a complete asshole.  I explained to him why my request and he got very defensive and telling me they have policies and refuses to break them for any guest and it is there to protect his servers which NEVER give bad service or anything remotely close to bad service, and that we probably shouldn't eat there.  REALLY? what the hell kind of manager alienates guests who is bringing in a large party.  If you are that sure of your staff, then omitting the grat for someone who is a server, used to bartend and manage, shouldn't be that big of an issue.
3	I been dreaming of Joe's crabcakes since I last had them over two years ago. We came back for NC's 30th bday dinner. We dined in what looked like a small conference room. Service was good.Foodwise:Stonecrab legs: Very delicious. 5/5Crabcakes: Although it was packed with crabmeat, it was not quit what I remembered it to be. It tasted just alright. 3/5Filet: It was a tad charred on the outside. 3.5/5Creamed spinach: very good 5/5Mashed tatoes: 4/5Maybe it was an off day for them. Overall Joe's portions are sizable and their prices are very reasonable for the quality of food.
5	We come here for lunch on every Vegas trip.  The lunch menu is cheaper and you're getting pretty much the same items as dinner.  The crab claws were good, but we prefer the  COLOSSAL LUMP CRAB CAKE ($14.95) because it comes with the same tasty mustard dipping sauce and you don't have to get your hands all messy.  The SEAFOOD CHOPPED SALAD ($16.95) a great salad to split with someone else, just let your waiter know you'll be sharing it and it comes out with 2 huge portions.  Our absolute favorite is the STONE CRAB BISQUE ($6.95 a bowl) I want to lick the bowl clean everytime I get this.  They open at 11:30am daily, get there as soon as you can for really quick service!
5	Eating a perfectly cooked medium rare bone-in ribeye from Vic & Anthony's may give me an orgasm in my mouth but Joe's totally hits the G-spot. Excuse... aw hell don't excuse my vulgarity, I could die happy after eating here. Joe's is a place I will visit every time i'm in LV whether i'm winning or losing. If you're going to eat the stone crabs, do splurge and go for the large sized claws. I tried the medium sized ones but they're not as meaty or succulent as the large claws. These large stone claws are slap your mama good and the dipping sauce everyone is raving about makes it even more unique.Follow it up with the Oysters Rockefeller which is better than Acme Oysters and Drago's that you will find in New Orleans. The crab cake is cooked to perfection. They are very generous with the lump crab and it is lightly battered unlike a lot of places who tend to over-batter crab cakes.I tried the rib-eye here the first time but it was forgettable so I just stick to the seafood now. Can't wait until my next trip to Joe's...
4	I typically don't care for crab claws, but being at a restaurant where their specialty is stone crab claws, I had to order it. This is the first time I have had stone crab claw but its definitely different in meat texture and flavor than other crab claws. They crack the shell up pretty good and you just have to peel away the shell and eat. The waitress said to just eat it like you would a hard boiled egg.Apparently, the fishermen catch these crabs, cut off one of the claws, and then throw them back. The claws grow back and then they later get caught again.I do recommend starting off the with some stone crab claws.For my entree, I had the petite filet mignon and jumbo Alaskan king crab legs. These were both very good...can't really go wrong with these.The creamed spinach was just okay....the pan roasted sweet corn was delicious.
4	We had a great meal at Joe's.  I've been to the Joe's in Chicago and loved it, so I thought we would give it a try in Vegas.  I wasn't disappointed.  I started off with a nice Iceburg Wedge salad - absolutely delicious Roquefort dressing, tasty bacon, just the right amount of red onion.  I had the Stone Crabs for dinner, very tasty and fresh.  Others at my table had the crab cake appetizer (excellent, so I was told), and the oysters rockefeller (also very good).  The service was good, though the waiter forgot to bring some wine we ordered.  Desserts were delicious - we had the banana cream pie and the key lime pie. Atmosphere was great -  classy, but not pretentious or snobby.  Overall, I would highly recommend this restaurant.
5	from the outstanding service that i always recieve, right down to the awesome key lime pie for dessert- Joes is a place that i always hit at least once on a trip to vegas.wheather it is business, or pleasure- its always a pleasure.Thomas- the matre D is one of the most genuine people i have met in the business, and he always makes me feel like a regular- even though i dont make it in nearly as much as i would like to!the stone crabs are always amazing, and the steaks are always perfect.dont forget the lyonaisse potatoes- always nice and crisp.im partial to the bone in ribeye, medium rare- but the bone in filet was amazing as well.above all, the house mustard sauce (so simple, yet perfect) is jut to die for!dont forget dessert!  life is just too short!
5	I really like the steak here. As a resident of LA, I still haven't found a place that serves a great steak other than this place in Vegas. Although I do have a somewhat limited steak repertoire since I haven't tried many of the Midwest steakhouses, my parents make a fabulous steak so I feel that I'm qualified to judge a great steak.I've tried Mastros and I thought it was merely adequate. I like the steak at Joe's.We also had the stone crab claws which were delicious.We also had the key lime pie and the peanut butter dessert. I thought they were really good.One nice option is that you can have them give you half portions of the desserts.All in all, this is one of my favorite places so we really want to come back here all the time.
2	2 stars, I was not impressed.....On my last trip out I went here. I had such high hopes for this place but found it to be lacking in every single area. The seafood was sub par at best, I found that I have had much better crab out east. The service was average, I think our waiter filled up our water glass twice and was much busier with his other tables.I dined here with my Mother and Wife and they felt the same way. They spent some money on the place because the decor was nice. This is a major tourist trap though. They need to do a better job with the food!I won't make a return trip to Joes :(
5	I went to Joe's for the first time last night.  I was with a group of 14 people, 10 of whom were in from out of town and it was their pick.  As a local, who doesn't smoke or gamble I spend very little time on the strip and do my best to find great off strip bars and restaurants.  Joe's is worth braving the traffic and tourists!   We were given a private room with a fantastic server, Thomas.  Everything was absolutely fantastic.  We started with the appetizer called the second mortgage.  It has Jumbo Shrimp, Lobster Cocktail, Alaskan King Crab and Shrimp & Scallop Ceviche.  The seafood was fresh, beautifully presented and delicious.  Next I had the Stone Crab Bisque, which was silky, flavorful and actually contained small pieces of stone crab.  I ordered the Lump Crab Cakes which were huge, amazingly tasty and probably 95% crab with just enough filler to keep them from falling apart.  My bf had the Bone in Rib Eye which was quite possibly the best steak I've ever tasted.  It was a beautiful, extremely high quality cut of meat that was cooked to a perfect medium rare.  Others in my party had the Bone in Filet which was also high quality and cooked perfectly.  Also, one other ordered the Dover Sole, which I highly recommend.  It was fresh and cooked perfectly.  It was also expertly and impressively deboned table side.  The Stone Crabs are also very good.  They come pre-cracked so; all you have to do is peel back the shell pieces and savor the incredibly sweet stone crab meat.  For dessert we tried the Blueberry Pie a la mode, the Key Lime Pie and the Banana Cream Pie, all of which are made fresh in house daily and were incredible.   However, the Banana Cream Pie was a standout.  It was amazing!Everything from the atmosphere, the service and the food were incredible.
4	Went to Joe's on Tuesday, June 28th with two frends.  We were seated promptly.  We ordered a few glases of wine, an appetizer and a few entrees.  I had blackend scallops with a side of fried green tomatoes, my friends ordered scallops wrapped in bacon and a miso glazed bass.  The bacon wrapped sallops and the miso glazed bass were excellent  - juicy, cooked perfectly.  My scallops.....  not so good.. they were smaller and dryer than the bacon wrapped scallops.  The fried green tomoatoes were thick and heavily breaded - almost looked like crab cakes.  For dessert I had banana creme pie - which was excellent! (Had I ordered the fish or scallops I would have had a great meal.)  My three stars is based on previous visits where I ordered to Joe's strenghts as well as the strenghts of my friends dishes.
5	All I can think about from my Vegas trip is Joe's Seafood!! It wasn't about all the partying, drinking, gambling or any of that it was just how darn good this place was !! The night was started off by looking for a seafood place to go and eat at. Mainly looking through yelp to find one. I didn't really want to get a buffet but I wanted a nice classy sit down and order your food ! I got what I wanted and called Joe's Seafood up. They said they could take us in a few hours and indeed they did. While walking through this place you will notice that every server is wearing a nice black suit and it seems formal but hey we are in Vegas and I saw many patrons wearing just flip flops and t shirts. I did call about the dress code but they said they do prefer business but doesn't matter if you are dressed in casual. So off we went on this find adventure!!The Order: Crab Cake- It is one large crab cake which is cooked or pan fried lightly for a little bit of crisp on the outside. The inside is nice and soft with a hint of mayo. The taste is amazing and I would say this is on my top 10 list of crab cakes. Stone Crab Claw- Had two of these and they are served chilled with a wedge of lemon but you really don't need anything. Just try it without and you can tell that this is really good crab. The flavor is nice and and amazing. I wish I could just eat more...but we wanted to try everything!Crab Bisque- Not my favorite thing on my meal. I didn't even finish it because it just had a very bad buttery flavor. It tasted way too fatty for me and I just didn't like it. Parmesan Crusted Halibut- Need to order this, the crust was just perfect amount of crispiness in each bite with the fish. Also the fish was not at all dry and it just had an awesome flavor. Love love it!! Must order if you come here. Half order of mashed potatoes- On the top of it was some very crispy cheese topping. I can tell you the half order was huge. we didn't even finish most of the sides because we were just stuffed with food!!Half order of mac and cheese- I see mushrooms yeah !! :) I liked how the texture of the pasta is and also how they did the mac and cheese, it is defiantly a different style. Not from Kraft and it does taste a whole lot better. Overall the meal was perfect, the server that we had was a very nice lady and she didn't hassle us about what we ordered or if we needed to order more. I know some places might be a little bit on the mad side if you only order one meal but seriously..I can't eat a whole lot and the portion size is out of this world!! Most places feed you a very large size and this is one of them!! Everything was large and good !! The only thing I would suggest not getting is the crab bisque. But my experience at Joe's has made me want to come to Vegas more often to get a nice meal in!! See you soon Joe!
5	This is another stop on my "must see Vegas" list. I really can't say enough good things about this place. If you were like me and had never even heard of stone crab before, then you have to come here. If you're a little more budget-conscious (if such a thing exists in Vegas) go for lunch because they are usually running great lunch specials where you can get stone crab, they're melt-in-your-mouth potatoes, a side of tomato and a dessert for a very reasonable price. If you want to splurge, check it out for dinner. Both times it has a great swanky yet casual vibe. But for either one...be sure to make a reservation.I've been going for about 3 years now and it's always been the same host standing at the front podium. He even recognizes my mom and I when we come. The waitstaff has been the same for a long time too which is nice when you come back to a place annually and you see the same friendly faces.I recommend the large stone crab (it's a bit of an effort to eat I warn you). But once you get inside those shells, the buttery deliciousness that awaits will make it all worthwhile. Order any one of their many kinds of mashed potatoes...there's nothing like them. And for dessert, everything is good but the key lime pie...WOW! It's the perfect refreshing finisher on a hot summer Vegas day too.Now if you'll excuse me, I'm getting in my car to take off for Vegas as I just made myself desperately starving for some Joe's Stone Crab!
4	Did not realize that this was another location of my favorite Miami restaurant. You must have the crab here and do not pass on the key lime pie! This is the key lime pie from which all others should be judged and frankly none can compare.
5	My husband and I got a gift certificate to Joe's as a wedding present. We went this week and we had a great time. Our server, Al, was very attentive, funny, and helpful with all of our selections. I asked for my steak to be cooked medium but a little seared on the outside and it came back...burnt. The flavor was still amazing and that was the only, very small thing that was not perfect. Just to praise Al one more time, he brought us a complimentary piece of the havana dream dessert. It is one of my favorite all time desserts. We could not get enough of it. From making the reservation with Terence to saying goodnight to the staff, our experience was wonderful
5	A must try for those going to the city of loss wages...no loss here as their stone crab, lobster bisque, and other specialty items on the menu are mouth-satisfying.On the recommendation of our server, I had the salmon with lime butter.  L-O-V-E-D it!!! The salmon wasn't drenched in the sauce, but lightly pampered in it making it  a delish and still healthy meal.  We also had the seafood salad, which is a salad that comes with nice sized pieces of lobster, stone crab, and other delectably ocean faring critters.  Last but not least, we ordered the prime rib, which was cooked to perfection!A definite must stop on our next trip back...hopefully this time to withdraw!!! :)
5	Favorite restaurant in Vegas!  Seafood,steak, and the best Mojito I've ever had and trust me I've tried to find a better one!
4	If you havwnt tried a stone crab this is the place to do it.  If your on vacation or celebrating a special occasion I say go for it.  Prices are high but this is offset by the superior service and extremely fresh seafood.
4	I had dinner here with my Fiance.  Our server was very attentive and service was great.   I had the stone crab as a meal and it was ok.  I guess I expected it bigger and sweeter.  My fiance had the Filet in bone and that was a lot better than my stone crab.  We also ordered the mashed potato and corn for sides. The corn was really good.  For dessert, we tried the key lime and the banana pie and both were great.
4	I have been to both Chicago and Las Vegas locations many times and I'm a huge fan of this Lettuce Entertain You concept.Great food and the wonderful dry aged ribeye was to die for. The lack of attention by our server was somewhat of a let done.He came by to take our order and seemed to be on auto-pilot as he went thru the motions of telling us a liitle about the menu.He took our order and their were a few specifics that my wife had instructed for her entree. I don't think he passed on the info to the kitchen. He dropped the food and hadn't offered to refill any of our beverages and we had to tell the busboy of any further needs that we encountered.You would think when ordering a $65.00 steak that there would be concern about how everything was prepared.He did not stop by once as he was pre-occupied by a couple right next to our table!! Now I'm not saying that I need to be served on hand and foot but a little concern about our experience would be warrented.Long story short, we summoned the manager who was very helpful and apoligized for the shortcomings and offered us to make the experience better . He lived up to his commitment and I will admit everyone has an off day and all was forgiven. I will be back!! One of the best steakhouses I have encountered and trust me I when I say the Dry aged Ribeye was a memory maker!!
1	This review is mainly about our post dining experienceI called the manager to let them know that me and my boyfriend believed we may have gotten food poisoning from there the other night. We bothfelt ill the next day, and was pretty sure it was from the 2nd morgage appetizer. It was delish- don't get me wrong, I even took pics!  Anyhow, after asking me a few questions, she asked me when was the last time I ate prior, and told her at Red Rock Buffet for breakfast. The manager then asked me "How much did you two drink by the pool". We are locals here- and I was highly offended. We live in Summerlin and went there for breakfast, you can't beat a made to order  ommelette  and coffee for 5 bucks! So I wrote a note to corporate, and the Las Vegas General Mgr. got in touch with me and stuck up for his manager. Poor customer service, every single person I ran this by also stated this was offensive to them as well. It is a shame, it was our first experience there.I'm from Cleveland, been in the biz, and been to lots of Lettuce Entertain You restaurants in Chicago. I will not be back at any of them. I felt they treated me rudely and should have just called the health department!
4	I wanted to bring my boyfriend to a nice dinner for his birthday - he of course wanted to go back to Mastro's but I told him we had to try somewhere new. After leaving Joe's the was happy with this choice and that's all I can ask for since it was his birthday and I wanted to make sure it was special. I on the other hand left unsatisfied but it was my own fault because I didn't order what I actually wanted for my entree. We decided to opt out of getting an appetizer because we never finish our entrees and my main plan was to get the stone crab appetizer and scallops as my entree but because we decided on no appetizer I got the medium stone crab as my entree. Every review talks about the stone crab so I figured we couldn't miss out on trying it. They were really good, the meat was sweet but I do recommend only getting them as an appetizer unless you want a cold entree. My boyfriend of course got the filet mignon and lobster and the filet was cooked perfect and as well as the lobster. And luckily he is a generous person and let me take a few bites of his plate since he could tell I wasn't so happy with mine. The service was great - once we walked in and gave our names the host right away turned to Cam and wished him a Happy Birthday. We had reservations so we were seated quickly. Drinks were never empty and our table was cleaned before they brought out the birthday cake (that is a huge pet peeve of mine - don't bring out the cake until our table is cleaned off. Nothing like a bunch of dirty empty dishes on the table as we sing happy birthday! Maybe I'm weird but it does bother me.)
5	Eat at Joe's! This place is really top notch people. I was lucky enough to go here for my birthday in June. I had the select stone crabs and a filet. It was one of the best seasoned and perfectly cooked(medium rare) steaks I've ever had. This is from a guy who has had Ruth's Chris and Mortons countless times. The service was perfect, we sat in the good fellas booth in the corner and felt like some OG's for sure. It's def pricey, that comes with the territory and is all well worth it. Check it out, unless you have trouble getting a table I doubt you'll find any reason to dislike this place.
5	The best pork chop I ever had. I have had them five times. Always delicious.
5	The coconut cream pie here is the best in town, their ribeye streak will challenge any other west of the Mississippi, and there should be a law against their side potatoes.  The service is of the highest caliber, and the wine list is great.  To those who may not dig crab, (from a guy who isn't much into seafood,) Joe's actually serves my favorite steak meal in town.  It's worth braving the Strip for.  (I'd also recommend using the Forum Shops Valet - it's free, right outside the restaurant, and the time/hassle saved is really worth the couple dollar tip.)
4	Wow, delicious. Our group decided to split everything including: stone crab, crab bisque, king crab legs (we liked that better than the stone crab), corn, mashed potatoes, broccoli and steak and everything was delicious. They prepare all of the crab for you so all you have to do is scoop the meat out. Delicious, definitely on the pricey side, great service.
5	I know this is a place for seafood but trust me, the bone in ribeye is one of the best in the valley and yes, I've been to Ruth Chris, the steakhouse at Circus Circus and SW Steakhouse at the Wynn. My server James definitely knew the menu and suggested some great items but for the most part, all of the servers are friendly, attentive and know the menus and the sommliers know their wine.  I've been a loyal customer for a few years now and dine in this place for lunch and dinner about once every four months. For appetizers, I like the huge grilled Madagascar shrimp with the lemon sprayed on it. When the stone crab is in season, it is always good to order, especially because it gives you an excuse to get some of that tasty tartar/mustard sauce it comes with. The place has a front section that is casual but a back dining area for more intimate settings as well as an upstairs area for private parties. They touch all the bases.
5	Yum.  so good.  Their seafood salad is excellent.  And of course the stone crabs.  Even the steak, scallop and king crab was good.
4	This is an excellent restaurant. The service was first rate. I enjoyed the stone crabs, lyonnaise, and creamed spinach. It is very close to a 5 star experience, but is sits within the Forum Mall. This is Vegas and things are a little different, just an odd combo having shoppers walk by. My uncle chooses the inside dark booths which may have created a better atmosphere.
4	yum yum good food a little spendy but when you in Vegas what the hell!!!!!
2	I was looking forward to finally trying Joe's Stone Crab. I have seen on it TV shows, heard great things from others who have been there, and thought I was going to be in for a treat. Unfortunately I was sadly mistaken. I went with the big crab legs and we had the creamed spinach, pan roasted sweet corn, mashed potatoes, lyonnaise with some oysters on the half shell. The oysters and sides were good and so was the wine (rioja) but the stone crab was a flop. Now maybe it was because they weren't in season and if that was the case I will research and try them again when they are in season. What will make me seek out a different restaurant to try them in was the service. We had two tables with a total of 15 people. For the two tables we were given one waitress who was VERY slow. Forget about the fact it took forever for us to get a drink order in, it took even longer for the drinks to finally arrive. Overall it was a disappointing experience at what should have been an excellent restaurant. My company is in Vegas twice a year and I was hoping this would be a restaurant that would be on our annual list, but it was so bad we skipped dessert and had cigars and after dinner drinks somewhere else instead.
5	We decided to go here for dinner before the show at Caesars that night. Everything is a la carte, so when you order a steak, that's all you get. Sides are ordered separately, but each side will easily serve two people. I was in a party of five so everyone ordered their entrees and we had three side dishes, which was more than enough for my table. Our server was spot on and courteous. I would probably put him near or at the top of the list of the servers I have had. We ordered a Stone Crab appetizer for all of us to share. It was the first time for me having Stone Crab and I didn't think it was the greatest. But I knew what I had coming, so nothing was going to compare anyway. It probably isn't something I would order again. I absolutely had to order the table-side chilled Alaskan King Crab legs with melted butter. I died and went to heaven several times over! I normally prefer my crab meat warm instead of chilled, but who am I to complain if they're going to do all the work for me? It was so delicious I'm about to start drooling just thinking about how good it was. I normally make fun of my sister about being stingy with food, but I made the most food aggressive dog look tame with my crab legs. The side dishes were good too, which ranged from french fries to baked potatoes to macaroni and cheese to green beans. It was a fairly good list so I don't remember all of them. It is a bit on the expensive side (my crab legs were well worth the $60, though) so be prepared drop some bucks. If you're lucky enough, you'll be able to pay for the entire meal with casino winnings. If you like Alaskan King Crab, this is definitely the place for you.
5	A great restaurant! Have eaten here 10+ times and always great waiters,service & food.  4 of us went last night and ordered large stone crab. It was not up to the normal unbelievable quality. The manager came over and told us, very nicely, that it was out of season and that was why it was frozen. We sent it back. 10 minutes later he had a platter of cold king crab sent to the table to make up for the problem. If you go ask if the crab is in season, if not, get the king crab. Their steaks are great, the sides very large & good, and probably has the best fried chicken on the west coast.  Key lime pie is a must.Try it, it is one of the top restaurants in Vegas.
5	Had a great birthday dinner here, the food and the service were superb.  First, you start off the dinner with an amazing basket of bread, there's a great variety and everything was yummy, but my favorite was the flatbread.  They make it fresh at the restaurant, and it is super crispy and tasty.  Oysters on the half shell - amazing!  I loved all the sauces that accompanied it and the miniature tabasco sauce was super cute.  Also loved the stone crabs but felt like it was a bit overpriced, the best thing about them was the sauce.  Their seabass was cooked perfectly.  The only thing mediocre was the pork chop.  I guess you should stick to seafood here.  Overall, great dining experience, I'd definitely come back.
5	Wonderful experience.  We came without a reservation and were accommodated and given a nice table.  We had the Cesar salad, seared ahi and creamed spinach.  Food was excellent and the service was just as good.  I was happy we happened to go there on a whim.  We will return!
5	One of my top 10 meals of all time...maybe it was the company or the accidental ordering of too much food.Here's what I ordered:16 oz ribeye (4* very flavorful even without the bone)a bunch of those ONE LARGE CLAWS (4*)Broccolini (5*)Grilled tomatoes (5*)Garlic spinich (5*)Sweet corn (5*)Jennie's potatoe (4*)The sides were probably my favorite part of the meal.  Especially the Broccolini.  Everything was solid here and I didn't regret paying what I paid (a lot).  There's nothing truly unique here but I have to say their execution is top notch.
5	This was a wonderful meal!We shared:caesar saladcrab cake appetizer (1 crab cake)select stone crab (6 crab claws)fisherman's platter (fried) includes cod, shrimp, amazing scallops and calamari
5	Loved Joe's.  Liked it even more because we went with our kids for lunch and they loved it too.  Kids had a Caesar salad and the mini cheese burgers and fries.  They loved it.  My husband and I had the crab claws as an appetizer which was awesome.  I had a NY steak and asparagus.  Steak was perfectly seasoned and cooked to medium rare.  My husband had the scallops.  He said they were a tad overdone, but I didn't think so at all.  He also ordered the grilled tomatoes.  We all loved that.Our server Joey was terrific and his assistants were just as good.  Everyone was so friendly and accommodating (because we had the 3 kids).  We sat on the "patio" area which was perfect for our loud family.  Lots of noise from people walking by.  Will definitely go back.
5	Restaurant Week is in full swing, and we are now 4 for 4! Last night Diane and I dined at Joe's, and it was another great meal! We arrived for dinner on Thursday at 5:45 p.m., 15 minutes before our reservation, and were seated right away. By 7:00 p.m. the main dining room was almost completely full. We had never been here before, and I was a bit intimidated at first as I approached the high reception stand where a man in a jet black tuxedo with jet black hair towered over me. But he was friendly and professional, as were all of the other black bow-tied, black tuxedoed, and white aproned restaurant personnel we encountered during our visit. I had only seen the bar and mall dining areas before, and thought they comprised the whole restaurant. Not so! We were ushered through a curtain to a very elegant dining room that had decorative lights on the wall and a decidedly New York City clubby steakhouse feel to it, with much dark wood and brown leather, white tablecloths, and several tables surrounded by comfortable booths along both main walls. It was very sophisticated but not pretentious, as were the several servers who moved briskly about like busy bees. It was interesting just watching them in action. We went with the Restaurant Week menu, but augmented it with a two-claw appetizer of Stone Crab Claws and King Crab Mac & Cheese. I always wondered whether I would be able to eat Stone Crab claws because their ends look like elongated fingers painted with black nail polish. But it was easier than I thought, since that part of the claw is left alone. The claws arrived from the kitchen already largely crushed by a mallet, so it was not that difficult to pry apart the porcelain-like shell casing to get at the meat underneath. But there seemed to be less meat than found in Alaskan Crab Claws. The thin morsels of crab meat tasted fine either dipped in drawn butter, the mild Mustard Sauce that was provided, or just eaten straight out of the shell. Yet I noted that they were not as sweet or satisfying as King Crab Claw meat. And, at about $22 for two claws, they were not cheap. So, for me, it is now "been there, done that!" But I will definitely return to Joe's for its other fine fare, including lobster and King Crab. Although this was hardly needed, an assortment of bread products tasted good with the soft pats of butter provided. And a bowl of Stone Crab Bisque was sweet and smooth--simply exquisite in taste and texture. I liked it better without the garnish of tiny cuts of carrots and zucchini that we asked to have served on the side, since Diane's Yelp nickname is "Veggie Hater" for a reason. But I picked the delicate morsels of Stone Crab out of the garnish and tossed them in the wonderful soup, which avoided an inexcusable wasting of fine crab particles and made the soup even tastier. A large chopped salad of lettuce, tomato, onion, and Blue Cheese crumbles with a fine Vinaigrette Dressing was quite satisfying. My 8 oz. Filet Mignon with drinkable Bearnaise Sauce was simply divine. It was well seasoned on top, perfectly medium rare inside as ordered, and did literally melt in my mouth. I liked it better without the house seasonings, which I tried on a couple of bites. It was one of those steaks that kept getting better and better as slices of beef moved toward the rarer center. Diane's moist Halibut had a tasty Parmesan Crust, augmented by a Buerre Blanc-like sauce that was provided. It was notably flatter than many servings of Halibut experienced at other restaurants, but of ample portion size. The King Crab Mac & Cheese, made with white shells, hunks of King Crab, and Bechamel Sauce, tasted good, but was not nearly as noteworthy as the sumptuous Jennie's Mashed Potatoes that were covered with a mix of baked Asiago Cheese and breadcrumbs. And, few lobster chunks were included in the dish. Creamed Spinach was creamy as billed, and quite tasty. Joe's Signature Key Lime Pie arrived ultra cold and almost frozen. After trying one bite, I let my slice sit for 5 minutes, and then it was just right, having lost its icy taste. It was very tart and delicious. Peppermint Gelato with Hot Fudge was not as memorable as the Key Lime Pie, but the melted Hot Fudge was delicious. It had the strong taste of peppermint, and every now and then surprised the palate with peppermint candy chips. I would have preferred this dish during the Christmas season! All in all, a wonderful five-star meal!
5	A must stop everytime in VEGAS!  The food is beyond words. The seafood is devine, scallops, fresh fish of the day, filet mignon, whatever you get is great!  Key Lime Pie the best and coldest!  Always busy, great place to watch people.  The staff is professional and great service always.  Can't miss this in VEGAS.  Nice views of the Forum mall.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets! 5/5 EXCELLENT!STOP! Beware the next comment may cause the reader to salivateis exactly how I felt as I bit into my absolutely sinfully delectable and succulent Chilean Sea Bass with Miso ...(*mouth starts salivating).. glaze.. It's white mass was cooked to perfection. Presented center stage next to a neatly dressed soy-teriyaki bok choy reduction on a decadent flawless white serving plate, it is visually stunning.  The Miso glaze crust was flaky and crispy (almost lightly fried), but as you bit into the actual sea creature's flesh it starts to part into two as your teeth bite into it. The steamy, juicy flesh meat rushes to your taste buds and you totally fall in love it. It is soft, the texture akin'd to a firmer softened butter with a clean taste absent of any overpowering fishiness inexperienced restaurants suffer from. Oh no, this fish was absolutely PERFECT! This experience, which I've only had once, was only at this Joe's Seafood Restaurant!If I had a final meal on this planet, It'd be the entire menu at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab Restaurant! Bar none!You cannot go wrong with anything you order here, but DO NOT FORGET TO TRY THE SEABASS if you're a fish eater!As expected for a restaurant of such reputation, the decor and staff is without a doubt FLAWLESS! Expect to tip the Matrie D' to take you seriously and receive a seat... otherwise wait for an obscene amount of time watching other people eat. They only take reservations for 8 or more.PROS: EVERYTHINGCONS: Becareful, as this place is very expensive. The Chilean Sea Bass with Miso Glaze will go for $38.95 a'la carte!I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!
4	We ate inside in the more fancy-dancy section & the thing that stood out to me most was the impeccable service.  Our waiter was "Big" something... Big Dave, Big Mike...can't remember - but he gave us a flawless dining experience.  The filet was cooked to my exact specification (between Rare & Medium Rare) ....the fish was light & flaky - accompanied by a brown butter lemon sauce.  Yum.I'm taking a star off b/c we went back the next day for lunch & sat in the front, more casual section & were underwhelmed.  I got a cup of crab bisque that was way too salty - & the clam chowder was just "eh" - not to mention, it was the consistency of vegetable soup, not a classic creamy chowder.  ....and the service was just decent.
5	Classy atmosphere, wine, tasty stone crab, and succulent steak. Joe's is top notch, the service is fantastic, and the food is delicious. If you're willing to throw some money down on a worthwhile meal, head here immediately.
4	Service is always great here. I'm not a "chain" kind of person but there are a few that are worth visiting. Joe's Stone Crab is one. The seafood chopped salad is one of my top 10 favorite salads. Its a hand full of Romain lettuce chopped with asparagus, red and yellow bell pepper, hearts of palm, red onion, cucumber, carrots, green onion, celery, cherry tomatoes, topped with shrimp, crab, lobster, avocado and croutons and lightly tossed with a vinaigrette for $13 at lunch. I have had the king crab, super yummy, and the crab bisque which they actually serve hot unlike most places.Definitely worth a trip!
5	A+ for seating at the bar during a busy Las Vegas lunch time. The bartender there gave us the best service, always attentive to filling drinks if needed and also even giving us hot towels after first squeezing lemon juice into our hands after digging into the succulent Joe's Stone Crabs.I had high expectations for this place after having it first from a previous trip to Miami and this place did not disappoint. The service, decor, ambience were impeccable, and matched with the Vegas setting. I ordered the lunch combination that included 5 medium sized claws, as well as cole slaw, potato hash and also the key lime pie for dessert. The hubs got a dry aged rib-eye sandwich with fries shaped like thick potato chips that were delicious. We left really full and satisfied and would definitely come back again.
4	What can you say about joe's crabs... This what my second time here and I have to admit I was a little disappointed this time. Don't get me wrong the food is great but this time it wasen't as fresh. I say that because when you cook crab and the crab has been dead for a while the crab meat will stick to the inside. Other then that joe's is a great place to eat.
5	This place is going to be tough to beat..bar service, drinks and scene - perfect, steak, stone crab, sides and coconut cream pie - perfect again. Add that to a waiter that looked like Yul Brenner, loved to talk about the place, its history and the story of the stone crab and you have restaurant greatness. I'll be back next month..
5	I made a reservation, which was honored. We were seated in a comfortable booth. The service was outstanding; not the usual LV-style of waiter disinterest. The food was tasty, cooked just right, and served promptly. This is the best dining experience I've had in my five years of living here and eating out frequently.
3	Had a 6:30 Saturday evening reservation for an anniversary celebration.  The host wished us a happy anniversary when he looked up our reservation.  We were seated right on time.   Waiter was attentive and helpful.  Ordered a bottle of champagne and started with crab-cake appetizer and Caesar salad.  The crab-cake was very good except for one piece of lump crab that was slightly fishy.  Caesar salad was excellent.  However before we finished half of the appetizers they delivered our main courses.  As soon as our waiter noticed (he did not deliver the main courses) he came over.  We mentioned that never in all of our dinning experiences in up scale restaurants had we had our main courses delivered while we were still eating our appetizers.  By the way, we are reasonably fast eaters and were not dawdling other than to enjoy the champagne with the appetizers.  Our waiter apologized and took the main courses away.Once we finished the appetizers he brought our main courses- the large size stone crabs and Joe's famous scallops.  The stone crab claws were excellent, the scallops uninspired.We finished with one of their key lime pies and one of their coconut pies.  Both excellent.  Though we were surprised that no mention was made of our anniversary by the waiter nor a token candled cupcake as was delivered to a few nearby tables in celebration of birthdays.So all in all an OK experience marred by the rush delivery of our main course.  Certainly not what we expect when spending several hundred dollars on a dinner.
5	The best steak and salmon I've had in Vegas. The steak was so good and juicy and the salmon was near perfection. The blue cheese wedge was very good and the portion was quite a bit. The almond green beans were a very good side. I think we paid $84 for the whole meal for two of us. The waitress was very nice and was so helpful. Highly recommend.
3	Came here just to try the Stone Crab.  Tried the Stone Crab, Manhattan Clam Chowder, and the Stone Crab Bisque.  Stone Crab is not as easy to eat as they do on TV.  A lot of cartilage and broken shells to contend with.  By itself, the flavor was fine but the Mustard sauce really made it.  I think I'd rather have dungeness crab, more economical.  Manhattan Chowder was OK,  Bisque was a bit rich and a bit salty for my taste.  What else do you expect from something that came from the sea, you ever drank seawater?  We sat in the bar area which made the atmosphere busy.  Service was quick.  It is a good place to try, but I won't repeat.  I'm wonder if it didn't appear that great to me because of the hype and expectation I was given, with this restaurant and especially stone crab.  I would be great to try it again but there are a lot of places left to try in Vegas.  Not enough time and not enough money.
3	Our waiter was fantastic and helpful, and probably the best part of our meal.I got Joe's "famous" scallops, though what they're famous for I'm not sure. Don't get me wrong, they were pretty good, but really nothing special. Just scallops. Literally-- just. scallops. My mom enjoyed her stonecrab, but the steaks my dad and boyfriend ordered were both WAY undercooked. They ordered medium rare, and got steaks that were pretty much bleeding. None of the entrees come with side dishes, so you order those and share. We found them all to be just okay.It was a fine meal, but I'm not in any hurry to go back.
5	The Lobster was excellent. I also had the spinach with a cream sauce and that was really good as well. I loved the feel of the place very elegant bu casual. Our server was really nice too.
4	This is hands down one of our favorite lunch spots in Las Vegas.  We just visited last week and had a fantastic meal.We started with a bottle of Cakebread Chardonnay and crab claws, and luckily the crabs had just come into season.  They were fresh and sweet and so good.  A little messy, there is really no way to eat stone crab claws elegantly, but worth the mess (and of course, you get a hot towel to clean up afterwards).The bread basket at Joe's is always a big hit.  There are soft pretzel sticks, a yummy caramelized onion and cheese roll, some sweet breads, a really good cracker-like flat bread.I always get the same thing, it's basically my favorite salad ever.  The seafood chopped salad, with lobster, Alaskan king crab, and shrimp over greens with eggs, celery, hearts of palm, etc, etc, etc... it's amazing.  I always want to try something new, and ultimately can never order anything else. My husband usually gets their cheeseburger (I know, cheeseburger at an amazing seafood restaurant?  But it's a great burger), but this time opted for the turkey burger (where did my husband go, and who is this health-conscious imposter?).  He thought it was great, it had great black pepper spice and a cranberry relish.  Not sure if he liked it more than the regular burger, but he was pleased.Joe's is also a great atmosphere.  The service is always great, and whether you sit in the comfy bar area or out in the courtyard, you'll have a great experience.
4	This restaurant is inside the Forum Shops, located at Caesars Palace.  We came here on a Saturday night, at about 8pm, without a reservation.  The wait was about an hour, so we walked around the Forum Shops to pass time.  The Chilean Sea Bass I ordered was amazing!   It had some kind of soy-ginger glaze and was cooked perfectly.  Everything else was decent, but not great.  If everything was as good as the sea bass, I would give five stars.  The service was good.  White tablecloth type of restaurant and most people were dressed nicely.   My friend had the petite filet and king crab legs.  He enjoyed it but thought it was average.
5	Oh Joe's, How I love thee, Let me count the ways...#1 Excellent service. Really top notch!#2 Possibly one of the best steaks I have ever had. Ever.#3 The freshest shrimp cocktail I have ever had!#4 Side dishes so delicious yet not too delicious to distract from the main entrees.#5 Banana cream pie to die for!My husband and I stop here every trip to Vegas and we are never disappointed. Sitting by the bar, or enjoying a romantic evening in the restaurant, you will definitely have a good experience!
4	These stone crabs are expensive as hell.  Its like eating gold from a crab claw.  The meat is sweet and tender.  The shells are very thick.  Never seen anything like it.  $50 for 5 large claws is crazy.  I opted for the select or medium size claws for $36.  You get 6 of them I believe.  Its def worth trying.  The bisque here is super creamy.  If you want fatty thighs like me eat a bowl of this.  It was like eating a bowl full of butter.  YummA.
1	Researched places to eat in Vegas prior to my trip... and I came to Yelp to read all the rave reviews about Joe's... so my second night there this was the place to eat! The maitre d was okay... not super friendly but not a complete dousche... and he had to ID me before sitting in the lounge because he thought I wasn't 21 yet. I'm flattered. Anywho... didn't get any appetizers as nothing seemed appealing... so we went straight into dinner. My friend ordered the fried seafood platter which she liked... she let me sample some of it... and honestly to me, it was just fried seafood. Nothing fancy.I was caught between the shrimp scampi (I heart scampi) and the parmesan halibut. The waitress suggested the scampi so I ordered that and I also got a small portion of the king crab mac and cheese... as I LOVE king crab and I LOVE mac and cheese. I also ordered a blush wine and I don't know the name of it (I asked the waitress and SHE didn't even know... um... FAIL!!!) but it was delicious so I'll shut up about that. The scampi came, and well, it looked sad. Yes the shrimp was large, but it was overcooked and there was NO taste to the pasta. Seriously??  A restaurant of this caliber with this reputation and the scampi has NO taste?? Unimpressed. Also, the king crab mac and cheese had no taste as well. I'm not a fan of adding salt to ANY dish... but I felt like BOTH dishes needed salt but like I said, I don't like to add salt. There was BARELY any king crab in the dish as well. LAME!!! I was completely disappointed and unimpressed with the food AND the service. My friend wanted to order another drink but our waitress never came around. We should'e went to N9NE at the Palms.... where we originally intended to go, but since she was staying at Caesars and we heard great things about Joe's we came here. BLAND food, MEDIOCRE service = a WASTE OF MONEY. Never again Joe's. NEVER AGAIN.
5	The ambience was excellent, the food was subperb. I do recommend thus place if your ever in Vegas!
5	We were looking to enjoy a steak for lunch and we stumbled upon your restaurant. Our meals and dining experience were exceptional. Hats off to the chef. We will certainly be back. Thank you so much! It was exactly what we were looking for. One of the best steaks that we've ever had. Cooked to perfection!
4	Joe's Seafood...why had I not dined with you sooner?  Is it because I discounted you for being at the end of the Caesar's Forum shops?  Or is it because I had no idea what Stone Crab was?  Whatever the case may be, I'm sorry it took me so long to find you.We started off with the appetizer called the "2nd mortgage" and it was awesome. Lobster, king crab, peeled shrimp and a seafood ceviche.  Oh how I love thee.  Next came our stone aged filet and stone crab (medium sized) entrees accompanied by mashed potatoes topped with an Asiago cheese crust.  Heavenly!  Even the asparagus was cooked to perfection.  The service was superb and this is going to be on my must come back to when I'm in Vegas list!  The atmosphere is a little crowded and noisy but who cares about that when the food is so delicious!
5	This place is AMAZING. Bring your wallet!!!!!You can make reservations at this one on opentable, something you can't even think about doing in the South Beach location. This is not the same as Joe's Crab Shack, they are light years apart. There are only 3 of these locations that I know about--Miami, Chicago, & Vegas.The roasted corn is by far my favorite side.  The Seafood Salad to start is awesome. And believe it or not their FRIED chicken is off the chain.  Other good sides are their potatoes and creamed spinach.They had fresh King Crab legs 1.25 lb was $90, not cheap by any means but super good. Great for groups!  Great for dates. All the waiters are in tuxedos. Joe's is on the first floor and there is a side sneaky valet if you know where to look that's right next to it.key lime pie for dessert is a must!  But they have a banana one too that is just as good. Get both why not! What's another $10 when you are going all in!Make sure you ask for extra lemons and mustard sauce.You can thank me later.  Oh and ps they are open for lunch too!
3	I didn't find anything too special about the place.  It's like any steakhouse I feel like.  I do enjoy the idea of having shared sides but my steak was A-OK.  We had the crabcakes as appetizers which was meaty with crabs and raw oysters were fresh.  I had the filet mignon and like I said, nothing too special.  We all shared the garlic creamed spinach, Jennie's mashed potatoes, and the roasted corn.  I liked the corn the most. That's all there was to it really.
5	Holy moly!!!  The Alaskan King Crab legs are so amazing!!!  The most meaty pair of crab legs I've ever had.  I love it because there is a person who prepares the legs for you, so all you have to do is pull the meat out with your fork!  The sides are delicious as well!  The deep fried asparagus was crunchy and tender, the grilled corn is also a must.  They had a lobster mac and cheese, but just recently took it off the menu!  Big sad face!  It's  must if you are in vegas!  You might have to win some money to pay for it though :) Enjoy!
4	just a tid bit of info regarding stone crabs:  peak season for these crabs is october to may.  the claws are hand picked and the rest of the crab is tossed back into the ocean so that the claws can regenerate and be reharvested during the next season.  AWESOME! i ordered the stone crab lunch special (5 medium claws, hash browns, cole slaw, and key lime pie) and the calamari.  The calamari was delish! always a good appetizer!  at first, i was unsure if the stone crabs would fill me up bcuz i have an unusually large appetite.   after the appetizer, bread, crab, and dessert, i was stuffed!  the crab had such good flavor and did not need any sauces.  the hash browns and cole slaw were mediocre but who goes to this restaurant for hash browns and cole slaw?!  the 2nd best part of my meal was the key lime pie! LOVEEEEEEE!
4	Grilled seafood platter and stone crab legs.Thoroughly enjoyed the food. One of my better meals in Vegas.Recommend making reservations for dinner. Get's crowded.Service is a little slow.
5	Stone crabs and rib-eye steaks are the reason you go to this place.  The crabs are sweet and succulent reminding you how obsession with the sea begins.  The rib-eye is beautifully fatty and well-marbled so together they are out of this world.  I went with my best friends and shared the perfectly cooked Lyonnaise potatoes as a side, which are hash browns with caramelized onions and is enough to share between four people.  This is a destination because they are so attentive and very accomodating while serving you lavishly hearty food.  My friend started getting meat sweats finishing the 20 oz steak but he cannot help clean his plate especially when you sprinkle it with the special rub that they provide.  Did I mention that they served delicious bread as soon as we sat down?  We felt so pampered and full as we trundled out of this joint.  A must-go when you are jonesing for hearty American steak meal
5	Before engaging in Lost wages activity we frantically searched for a good restaurant that was still open since we forget not all venues in Vegas operate under all hours of the day. As we were seated I gawked in awe at the surroundings. Classy place, black leather seats and black and white photographs of spectacular views and the like. Mirror along the walls and dim lighting it was as if to say it was designed with old Hollywood in mindNothing short of refreshingly beautiful service. Upon seating, our waiter introduced himself and gave us a a basket of assorted breads with butter and pesto spread, afterwards offering us one of 5 variations of water they had! The menu was fairly sized and moderately priced. We ordered a dozen oysters, I ordered the bacon wrapped sea scallops and my husband ordered the filet mignon and lobster combination. We ultimately ended up switching plates. Our glasses were never empty and discarded plates and utensils didn't pile up on our table since service was swift and spry. We shared a dessert, the tres leches cake, although the key lime pie cake (!? pie cake ?!?!) will always be sorely remembered as the one that got away, or the one I never tried. Our choice accompanied by some fuck*ng fantastic coffee , which was also recommended by our waiter , failed to disappoint and it proved to be a worthy way to end a lovely meal. Our waiter gave us the cake on the house because he found it was our "Just Married Dinner".
5	Off the chart good!  I just wish they had a place in Los Angeles.  By far the best crab I have ever had in my life.  There was not one thing that I would change in the whole experience.  Can't wait to get back to Las Vegas to eat there again.
3	I have to admit, the key lime pie ($6.95) was terrific.  But the seafood, which I thought was their specialty, was just so so.  The scallops ($24.95) tasted kind of dirty.  And the stone crab ($42.95) was nothing special.  I'm not a big fan of their mushroom sauce, so maybe that has something to do with it.  If I go again, I'm going to try to get some good, old melted butter.We also tried the vegetable chopped salad ($13.95), which was a lot smaller than I thought it would be, but chock full of vegetables and pretty tasty.  The pretzel bread was pretty good, but cold.  :(Keep in mind, about half the tables are high-top so you may have to sit at one of those.  Also, they could use some dual service technique or something.  We did have a guy come down and randomly wipe down our table at odd intervals, but he didn't seem interested in helping with anything else.  So our only waitress was occupied and we had to wait longer than we wanted to order dessert and get the check.All in all, just A-OK.
5	The best restaurant in Las Vegas for Stone Crabs.  Celebrated my birthday the other night there with my wife and two kids.  We had the Caesar salad (Great), Jumbo Stone Crabs (phenomenal), bone in ribeye (terrific), Dover Sole (unreal), and the following sides...... Creamed spinach, roasted corn, and a potato dish our server recommended.  Wow what a meal and the service was great.  We didn't have room for desert, however they brought out a brownie with ice cream for my Bday. Now with that being said tis the season for holiday deserts so of course we had to order some to go.  Traditional Key Lime Pie, pumpkin chiffon pie and sweet potato pecan pie were all a must.  Love Joes!
5	Came here with Mom, and we shared the colossal lump crab cake appetizer, the stone crab bisque, and the seafood chop salad with creamy vinaigrette.  Everything was excellent.  The crab cakes are 95% crab chunks. And I mean chunks, none of those wimpy small pieces you get in normal crab cakes. The crabs they use must be huge! The meat was sweet and juicy, and the binding agent they use to hold it all together only added to the flavor. The cakes are roasted to a golden brown (not fried) and about the size of a tennis ball. One $16 serving comes with two cakes, making this an insanely good deal.The crab bisque was very tasty and super rich, if a little salty. A small cup was $8, but it was so rich and filling that I could barely finish it.The seafood salad comes with avocado, celery, asparagus, tomatoes, lettuce, cucumbers, onions, and lobster, shrimp and crab meat. They were generous with the seafood,  and all the ingredients worked well together.Service was excellent and the seating area is very pleasant.  The kitchen was nice enough to split both the crab cakes and the salad on two plates since we were sharing.  I will continue to return every time I'm in Vegas.
4	Great times we had! great food, wonderful service! Crab legs were fricking awesome...... Thanks Team Joe
5	Awesome Bisque!
5	This place was a last minute thought on our Vegas excursion. This place is EXPENSIVE but so worth the cost. They have a great wine selection as well. To start we had their signature stone crab claws. The crab was served cold so threw me off a bit but when I tasted it boy was it AMAZING. Then the Steak we ordered was huge... So we ended up splitting it with some still left over. This literally melted in your mouth. Our server was adorable and so attentive to our table. We were seated in the front dining area. I wouldn't mind swinging by for a lunch or dinner here when I hit up Vegas again.
4	Great dining experience. The mahimahi literally melted away as it was eaten. Fantastic flavor. Would highly recommend.
4	The original Joe's Stone Crab is in South Beach Miami. There was only one of them and as far back as the 1990's it was nearly impossible to get a table. They didn't take reservations and it was at least an hour to 2 hour wait for a table. It didn't matter what your celeb status or fame was. You waited in line just like everyone else. Except for me thankfully. A distant cousin of mine used to be the Captain of that restaurant. The Captain is basically the main host and in charge of the staff. I ate there many many times whenever I would visit and Joe would even give me a box of some stone crabs packed on ice to fly back home which was NYC back then.My friends and I would feast as soon as I got home...LOL... The reviews I've read sound like it's the same ownership group or a very very good copy cat of the original. The original Joe's was famous for the Key Lime Pie, crab cakes and other items mentioned in some of the reviews. I will have to check this place out for myself as I'm only living here 3 weeks now.The original was always a 5 star rating and I would very very rarely rate any restaurant with 5 stars except for perhaps Peter Lugers in Brooklyn. Gosh....I so badly wish there was one here.
3	Call & made a reservation for 10pm. Got there just a few minutes early. Waited about 5 mins. There was a lot of tables available but they gave us a table all the way inside. Our server was very nice and explain all the specials to us and when ordering our food she also explain some of the dishes. We order the stone crabs & she told us it wasn't in season but they still have some. (very good the stone crabs) Order the seafood salad (seafood part was good but the salad seems like a lot of left over chopped up =\) Order the Jumbo Shrimp it was a bit over cook & salty, also the SHRIMP SCAMPI with Linguine was salty toO, The salmon was toO well done =\ barely any favor =T sigh, (had to use the stone crab sauce for the salmon) Order another fish dish it taste like teriyaki sauce on it.
5	FANTASTIC service, staff, and food. We had our anniversary dinner here and everything was perfect. My husband picked it because they had surf n turf on the menu and no dress code requirements (although the atmosphere is very classy!)  SO glad we ended up there! Also had a gluten free menu for me and were very accommodating!  We will definitely return!
4	Very good.... The stone crab wasn't quite as good as I remember the original in miami and my steak was a bit over salted. But overall everyone in our party of 8 was very pleased w their meal
1	Overpriced bad food.I had the pleasure of coordinatiing the office xmas party as did every year.  The firm decided to take the staff and their spouses to LV for the weekend.  I decided to book the dinner party at Joe's.  The photos on the website is oh so mouth-watering.  Everyone couldn't wait to taste the food.  We decided on a pre-fix menu.Course 1:  The 2nd MortgageIt's probably the best course, but it was just so so.  It was a medley of 2 inch king crab legs, 1 jumbo shrimp, half of a very small lobster, and a ceviche of shrimp and scaIlop.  I am used to having at least 3 sauces with my seafood medley.  it came with just cocktail sauce.Course 2:  Vegetable Chopped SaladA mix of celery, lettuce, cheese.....  it was flavorless.Course 3:  filet mignonMy was medium rare and hers was medium.  I came close to choking to death on the first bite bc it was so dry.  I decided to cut down the center and saw that it was red and not overcooked.  I started eating it from the inside.  It was dry and powdery with no beef flavor.  I left a third of it bc I couldn't take it anymore.  Her steak was dry and she left half uneaten.  The sides were mash and grille tomatos.  Both were mediocre.Course 4:  DessertAfter all that, I decided to play safe.  I got the chocolate fudge pie.  You can't go wrong with chocolate.  With that said, it was nothing to write home about.  She got the banana cream pie.  That was just okay.I would not go here again.  I discourage anyone to go there.  At close to 80 bucks per person(food only), I can eat a lot better than that.  I was so very disappointed.  The staff will have to wait a year for me to make up to them.
3	Dined at Joes for the first time on 12/20/2011.  Fantastic ambiance, my man told the staff it was my birthday and  the 2 of us got seated at a huge banquet with a view of it all.  The waiter was fantastic until about 1/2 way through when he forgot about us totally.  Even the couple next to us got fed up waiting for him and demanded their check from someone else, stood up in the dining room and waited for it, announcing their frustration.  That's the reason for the 3 stars instead of 4 because the food was really wonderful.  I had the Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail and the Chopped Seafood salad with Alaskan King Crab, Lobster and Shrimp.  Really generous seafood on the really yummy salad.  My man had the 16 oz ribeye which was cooked to perfection, he loved it.  The Key Lime Pie, top notch, maybe the best I've ever had outside of Miami.  Disappointment, no mention of happy birthday from our waiter, and no desert or anything special besides the good seating.Does everyone come to Vegas and say it's their birthday?Go to Joe's for the food but the service, can't rely on it.  This is the slowest week of the year in Vegas....imagine when it's busy?
4	My wife and I were looking for a nice dinner after the Michael Jackson Immortal Show in Vegas....thought this place would work nicely. This was my 2nd stint at this place (1st time was w/my boys for my bachelor party), I must say this place does not disappoint. For appetizers I started with the Stone Crab (Their Famous for) and Crab Cakes, both were pretty delicious. ordered the 20 oz bone-in ribeye w/garlic creamed spinach and hash browns. Their service is superior, if you're looking for a meal that will do the job, here it is, lol there's only 2 of these in the U.S. One in Vegas and the other is where else....MIAMI.
3	We usually stop here and get the Banana Creme Pie with Fosters Sauce to go and head on over to Casa Fuente Cigar Shop. The BC Pie always lives up to the reputation.  I have yet to be disappointed by it.Only at 3 stars because I've only had the desert and not a full sit down experince.
4	Food was good and fresh. The stone crab was sweeeet.
5	Three of us went here just before New Year's 2012.  Two of us had been to Joe's in Miami, FL; one had never been to Joe's.We arrived on time and were promptly greeted and seated in a quiet corner.  Our server, Linda, is English and a delightful person.I started with the crab bisque which was rich and creamy and sprinkled with chunks of crab.  My other partners split a medium order of stone crabs which they loved.  One of my partners also had the lump crab cake which he loved because of the large chunks of crab.For entrees, two of us had the shrimp scampi over linguini while the third person had the fisherman's platter.  He loved it but was disappointed there was no cod.  Linda apologized and explained they had run out of cod so they gave him extra shrimp.Oh, my two partners had a glass of '09 Kungfu Girl Riesling which they enjoyed.To finish, we split a slice of key lime pie which was too tart for me, but they loved.It was a wonderful meal - expensive, but worth it for a special occasion.
5	While I'm not normally a fan of restaurants transplanted from their original location, I must say that Joe's in Las Vegas is one of my favorites.  There are pictures in the restaurant from Miami Beach, FL however their website only mentions a sister restaurant in Chicago so I'm not sure if this is truly related to the Miami Beach location.  Regardless, I love it there and I eat there almost every time I visit Las Vegas.  I usually get a stone crab appetizer assuming its the proper season.  The crab is always delicious although this past visit there were a few small pieces of shell that I had to pick out as I removed the meat (maybe this is normal?)  For my main course I usually have some type of fish and whatever I've had always tastes fresh.  My dining companions had fried shrimp which was crispy and yummy and another companion had a steak which was also up to fine steakhouse standards.  Side dishes were corn (among the best corn I ever had) and two types of potatoes.  I had key lime pie for desert which tasted like what I've had in Key West.  I was told it was made with genuine key limes which isn't the case with most restaurant versions.  While ordering, our server gave us the option of having two 1/2 sides of two different kind of potatoes when she saw we were indecisive of which to order.  A small touch like this goes a long way.  On that note, something that differentiates this restaurant from the rest is the service.  The service here is always top notch.  Each time I eat here I feel welcome, and enjoy how the staff is efficient without hovering over us.  This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas.  Great food and great service.
5	Tasty food and attentive to details service. Their black grilled cod, seafood salad and lobster bisque were delicious.  Get what you pay for their service and food.
2	Went here on a whim. Have to say I was not impressed. The food was OK, but nothing to write home about. The Chocolate/Peanut butter Cheesecake was pretty awesome thoughI've been to better and less expensive Steak & Seafood houses. When in Las Vegas I would skip this restaurant. If you have to go there, just have some drinks at the bar.
5	Great food, espcially the crab legs and stone crab bisque. Service was excellent across the board.
1	This place is run by cavemen. When my party complained about the terrible service we were receiving, the manager told my husband to meet him at 2am when he gets off work so they could fight. You stay classy Joe's!
1	Overpriced bad food.I had the pleasure of coordinatiing the office xmas party as did every year.  The firm decided to take the staff and their spouses to LV for the weekend.  I decided to book the dinner party at Joe's.  The photos on the website is oh so mouth-watering.  Everyone couldn't wait to taste the food.  We decided on a pre-fix menu.Course 1:  The 2nd MortgageIt's probably the best course, but it was just so so.  It was a medley of 2 inch king crab legs, 1 jumbo shrimp, half of a very small lobster, and a ceviche of shrimp and scaIlop.  I am used to having at least 3 sauces with my seafood medley.  it came with just cocktail sauce.Course 2:  Vegetable Chopped SaladA mix of celery, lettuce, cheese.....  it was flavorless.Course 3:  filet mignonMy was medium rare and hers was medium.  I came close to choking to death on the first bite bc it was so dry.  I decided to cut down the center and saw that it was red and not overcooked.  I started eating it from the inside.  It was dry and powdery with no beef flavor.  I left a third of it bc I couldn't take it anymore.  Her steak was dry and she left half uneaten.  The sides were mash and grille tomatos.  Both were mediocre.Course 4:  DessertAfter all that, I decided to play safe.  I got the chocolate fudge pie.  You can't go wrong with chocolate.  With that said, it was nothing to write home about.  She got the banana cream pie.  That was just okay.I would not go here again.  I discourage anyone to go there.  At close to 80 bucks per person, I can eat a lot better than that.  I was so disappointed.  The staff will have to wait a year for me to make up to them.
3	Pricey but nothing unexpected for the strip. LOVE the convenience of having valet right outside the restaurant since the far parking is the main reason I loathe going to Caesars. Started out w a great bread basket. We split the veggie chopped salad which was surprisingly good and huge. Stone crab bisque was disappointingly ordinary but I really liked that they brought out the bowl with crab and veggies, then added the bisque tableside. Genius way to make sure everybody gets the same amount of crab. We shared the steak sandwich - unexpectedly 3 little sliders vs 1 regular sandwich. Thick slices of tender medium rare steak. Maybe not worth $17 but it was damn good. We also shared the 8oz filet with sides - super fresh tasting charred sweet corn, sauteed broccolini and mac & cheese. Perfect char and seasoning on the steak but sides were just average, I wouldn't say any were really worth the calories or $  No time for dessert since we were headed to absinthe but the menu looked great. The place was packed for a Thursday, service was pretty good although a waiter did shoulder check me on our way out without an excuse me, but fuckit. Bill for 3 including a bottle of wine was $160 before tip. Not somewhere I NEED to return to, but it was overall a good experience
5	Ok so when my buddy tells me "don't even think of coming home without going to this place"Well not much convincing being that I love Seafood and Steak...Let me tell you something... it really doesn't get much better than this place. The stone crab is out of this world, cooked to perfection and the bring it to you with the shell already cracked so there is no fight when it comes to getting to the meat- you just basically peal the broken pieces off and ohh man.... it just melts in your tongue and their mustard sauce is the icing on the cake. I also tried the fillet mignon which was amazing!
5	We happened across this fine restaurant while at staying at Caesar's Palace.  We were hungry, underdressed and big fans of steak and crab.  Having no idea what we were in for, we ordered the stone crab.  Stone crab is a slightly sweet, completely wonderful crab which I have since started ordering from the original Joe's in Miami direct to my house.  The bread basket was great - lots of choices - and the filet and bacon wrapped scallops were out of this world.  While it is a bit pricey - the food is well worth it.  Great for special occasions - which is every trip to Las Vegas!
1	Stone crab was nothing special and not worth the price. Steak I had was overpriced, overseasoned and overdone. Service was ok  With so many awesome restaurants in Vegas.  I wasted time, money and a meal here.
5	This was overall our best meal in Vegas.  We went early December and I still remember it!  First, the waiter complimented me on my wine selection because the sommelier had just added it to the list that night and he was surprised I had picked it out.  (Bonus points for telling me I know something about food and wine - I just happened to have a recent obsession with Oregon Pinots - and it was less than $50, so it's not like I went super fancy). Next we (4 of us) decided to split oysters and a wedge salad.  Both were awesome.  The oysters were so good we had to re-ask the origin to look for them on other menus. Next, I had scallops, one friend had bacon wrapped scallops, another had filet, and the 4th had fish (I forget which one).  All were amazing and too large of portions to finish!  For sides we had potatoes and asparagus, delicious as well.  Our service was excellent and attentive.  We did not have room for dessert.Split between 4 people our bill ended up more than reasonable, especially after the disastrous medicare overprice dining experiences we had been having in Vegas.
4	There once was a businessman who walked into a restaurant and asked "Do you serve crabs here?"  The waitress replied  " We serve anyone!"OK, bad joke, but I needed an intro to catch your attention!My wife and I have dined at the original Joe's in Miami for dinner, so while in Vegas we decided to try their lunch.  For the money, you get a better value during lunch.  For $26 you can chose the "classic lunch" including 5 medium sized claws, Joe's homemade slaw, mountain of hash browns, and key lime pie for dessert.
5	The first time we walked up we all thought it was this simple bar and grill place.  We made reservation thru our concierge @ Vdara. When we get there we tell the host that we have reservation and they escort us to the back, behind the curtain and BAM!! We get hit with the elite and fancy side of Joe's. Wow, fancy shemancy... Love it.  So we sit down wit at least 3 -4 server per table and one took our orders.  We had to try the stone crabs of course and the 20 oz rib eyes. We also order some lobster bisque... oh man I only ordered a cup of this stuff but I could've eaten a gallon of it. So rich and flavorful each bite had tons of lobster meat..yumm-mo!! The stone crabs came out next and we each got 2....pretty damn expensive but it was a great piece of claw. Super fresh and amazingly easy to get every single piece of meat.  Not sure if I would get this again since it was about $47 for 2 claws.... =P  Either way once in a lifetime type of deal for all of us.  Our main entrees came next...I ordered the 20 oz rib eye medium well and my wife ordered the veal.  Oh man the rib eye was huge!! Didn't have to put much effort in cutting that bad boy.  The taste was perfect no A1 or sauce or anything.  Loved it My wife's veal was super tender and tasted great. The veal was breaded and had a great flavor and crunchiness to it.  Our friend got the pound of Alaskan crab legs.. oh man those were great.. I wish they had that and a small side of rib eye.  Hint hint!! They even cut open every single crab leg.  Fancchee!!  We also ordered our sides, creamed spinach, garlic mashed potatoes, and roasted corn.  All were fantastic..We found out if you mix all three it creates complete happiness in your mouth. Hahaha  Although we were stuffed I wanted to order some dessert for everyone.  So we shared some banana foster cake and some chiffon type cake. Both were so good and ended our night perfectly.  Great way to end our Vegas trip!!   For all 7 of us the bill was only $600ish.. So not bad.  Great service and great food! Must try guys!!
4	November 2011 - Service good, steak great, and crab even better. If you got the $$$ then this is a good place to try out, make sure you make your reservations.
4	On our visit 10/15/11.  Being in the middle of the mall area of Caesars can make it a bit noisy. We were seated in the back away from the noise but it was freezing in there so we decided to move out front to at least be comfortable. The food made up for it though. You can't go wrong ordering the crab here. Both the claws and cakes were very good. Next time I'm in Vegas I'm sure I'll be back.
5	My boyfriend and I were excited to dine here on December 26, 2011.  My best friend raved about their stone crabs and key lime pie, so I had to try!The complimentary bread assortment was so delicious.  We were walking along the Vegas strip all day and didn't realize how hungry we were until we sat down.  Thank goodness for the fresh gourmet bread & butter!For starters we ordered the seafood salad and the crab bisque.  The seafood salad was refreshing, but the crab bisque truly stood out.  My boyfriend loved it.  It had chunks of crab in there!Then came two orders of the medium stone crabs served with a dipping sauce that was to die for.  The crabs were perfectly chilled and so meaty.  We also ordered  sweet potato fries.  They were very yummy too.  We were so stuffed I didn't have room to try their key lime pie. That was my only disappointment with this place.I will definitely be back for more!
5	Winning! Stone crab app...Large claws and so fresh! It's like they practically just plucked them from the ocean. Fish and chips-Just ok. I'm obsessed with fish and chips, btw. It's my ultimate comfort food. The batter was a bit to thick for my liking but the fish was fresh.  Grilled chicken club-pretty standard, but the chicken was moist and flavored well. Beet salad-Yet another thing I'm currently obsessed with. I highly recommend it!The food was good but definitely not worthy of 5 stars. So, why did I post them? The service was outstanding!Let me set the scene...Our server brought us another round of drinks halfway through our meal. As the server lifted the glass, about to put it on the table, I notice a rush of liquid coming from the bottom of the glass dousing my mom's purse and her leg in soda. The staff at Joe's moved quickly. Before I knew it, there were five servers around us, mopping and cleaning off the table and bringing us towels to wipe off. My mother has a sense of humor and what's a bit of soda? No biggie. We just wanted to finish our meal. Our server was apologetic and there wasn't really a need. Accidents happen. Then the GM came out and offered us a personal apology, then came the chef. Incredible! They offered a complimentary dessert which wasn't necessary but appreciated. I expected a slice of key lime pie but they brought out not only the key lime pie, but the bananas fosters a delicious chocolate packed cake that was heaven! With the care they took with us, I'll definitely come back anytime I'm in Vegas!
2	We booked a table for 8pm and by 9pm we were told real estate was expensive in Las Vegas, and we had had the fastest expensive meal ever. So if you want fast food at top money ok, but if you want to make the meal an evening forget it. Just after as much money as fast as possible!
4	Just as good as the one in Chicago.  It is located in the forum shops on the first floor. There were very long lines to get in so have a reservation.  The menu is amazing...we have both king and stone crab for an appetizer.  I don't know which one I preferred, so I kept eating to decide.  Surf and turf for main course...delicious!  I had the grilled tomatoes which I love...do save room for key lime pie and the chocolate banana pie. Even the spoonful of each is a nice finish to the meal.
2	i am far from a steak and/or seafood connoisseur but as a food fanatic - i know a good steak and a good seafood joint when i eat at one. despite all the great reviews Joe's received i'd have to say i'm rather disappointed. i'd rather give joe's 2.5 stars if i could but it was a touch below a-okay and i indeed have experienced better. but the prices were rather fair (steak and lobster wise). ambiance was rather lively and loud. i would recommend this place more so for a fun date or a night out with the boys but not for romance due to noise levels. the host stand was very professional but gave a bit of a condescending presence as they tower over you and look down at you when being assisted. the wait staff was full and plenty as we sat by what seemed to be the kitchen door. like worker ants they would file out of one door with food and in another door with empty plates. i don't recall our servers name but when we sat right around 7 o'clock service was top notch. there was other tables around us and we all seemed to have the proper amount of attention. food was brought out in a timely manner as were drinks. but the minute a large group sat next to us - we were no longer top priority. i understand this concept as i used to be a waiter myself - but it doesn't justify the action. after our main courses were dropped off - we ate. but with the larger group near by - we no longer got service. no one checked to see if we needed anything else. or if everything even tasted okay. we finished off our wine and our water and no refills were offered either. instead we ate our food and waited. when my brother asked for tabasco or steak sauce - we were told it was coming. but no one came. he asked a second time but again we were no longer a priority. the food itself was mediocre. coming from seattle we have an abundance of steak houses and seafood so my standard is set high. the filet mignon i had was good. but far from great. tender and juicy and a very basic seasoning (i'm guessing just salt and pepper) nothing about it to set it above the rest. could have made the same dish buying a package of prime grade beef at costco. the lobster tail was a little under cooked for my taste. a little bit of a slimy texture in the center. and it was served in the tail (cut in half) on my plate which made it a little harder to eat as i'm used to (steak houses i go to), the waiter usually removes the tail from the shell before i consume it. i had no extra plate to place the shell on and i didn't find it appropriate to leave it on the table. so i worked around it. but i will say for $59.95 it was a fairly priced meal. my brother on the other hand had the filet mignon and King Crab Legs. we were "sold" that they were HUGE legs and delicious. fresh and great! when they came out... there was a measley (maybe) one leg cut into three pieces. not much bigger than snow crab. not huge, barely delicious... and if it wasn't for the melted butter - i wouldn't consider it very great.given that i have had true alaskan king crab legs before - a single leg about 2 feet in length and about 3 inches in diameter with claws the size of my hand... so yes my idea is skewed. but can i be blamed for expecting the best at a restaurant that self proclaims itself as the best in vegas?as we finished our meal - we had to waive a busser down to find our waiter to close our tab out. in the end... after rockerfeller oysters, kumoto oysters, stone crabs, filet mignon with lobster and king crab, and two glasses of wine. i can say... meh - i've experienced better.
5	If you love seafood and you are in Vegas, you must go to Joe's.  Like everyone else on here, the Stone Crab app is amazing.  The stone crab's are served with a great mustard dipping sauce.   I ordered the bacon wrapped scallop's and grilled sweet corn.  Both were perfect.  I also ordered a Key Lime martini which was great.  The service here is wonderful.  Also, when you come here, save room for the deserts.  They have 10+ pies every nights.  The peanut butter pie is my favorite.
4	Had dinner here on a Monday evening.Walked up at 7pm and it was a 2 hour wait for the "restaurant" section, and was advised to try the "bar/casual" area.... where we were sat immediately.Same menu... Same food....No wait.Happy to see that you can get a sandwich or salad... not just steak or crab.And... they had steaks starting at $25.... which on the strip is pretty hard to do at a nice restaurant.  So, this was a happy surprise.  Started with Bread... good bread too.  :)Then we tarted with stone crab as an appetizer.  I was surprised at how sweet these were.  They serve it with a cream dipping sauce which is totally not needed as the crab is good on its own.I had Bacon wrapped Scallops for dinner.  Something about bacon and scallops.... a great combo.  The scallops were tender and grilled nicely.The husband had the special Stripe Bass which was moist and flavorful, and topped with yummy mushrooms.Our friends each had a steak cooked perfectly to their order.  They looked really good and they both said they were really good.For sides, we got the Mac n Cheese, Potatoes Lyonnaisse, Mashed Potatoes, Broccolini.The Mac n Cheese was more creamy than cheesy.I like the Potatoes Lyonnaisse better than the Mashed.... the Lyon one came with carmelized onions on top of cubed, hash brown like potatoes.Broccolini was nice and crunchy which is how I like my veggies so this was perfect for me.Service was good... our water glasses were refilled regularly.Sitting in the bar area was nice since you got to people watch or watch a game on one of their TVs.For 4 people... plus a bottle of wine, our total before tip was $295.  In Vegas, on the strip... for a nice steak/seafood dinner..to me that is reasonable.  I may be jaded but I like to eat out and try different places so I'm glad we went here.(Note, this is not.... IMO... the best steak place but this is a really solid steak / seafood restaurant.  Would be a really good place for business lunch or people wanting a nice dinner but may be a bit price sensitive.)
5	Big fan- large stone crab and bone in filet are musts. The peanut butter pie is unreal.
5	Come during lunch. The stone crab claws were sweet, juicy and meaty. The crab bisque was one of the better soups that I've had ever. Their lunch special (5 stone crab claws, potatoes, cole slaw, key lime pie) was a great deal for $25.95. The wife ordered the seafood salad, and there were huge chunks of seafood, including lobster, shrimp and fresh crab. It was a lot of food for a reasonable price.
4	Surf and turf FTW!!!I love how you can pretty much create your own dish with the waiter. I got me some surf and turf with 3 large stone crab and a petite filet. The filet was good, not great. The stone crab is wonderful and fresh, but what really makes it is the mustard sauce it's served with.We also had:- Oysters - Tiny tiny oysters but really good. I could eat them all day.- Lyonnaise potatoes - BOMB! It's a big pile of hashed browns topped with delicious caramelized onions.- Creamed spinach - Yum yum!- Broccolini - Thumbs up!
5	I been to Joe's in. Miami and a big fan of snow clag legs I was anxious to try this offshoot of the Original Joe'sWe split a seafood salad which was loaded with giant shrimp ,  crab andThen the real star arriveLarge stone crabWhich take a little work to eat, but well worth the trouble.The laynoise potato Are out of this world served with tasty caramelized onions on top. If I ever ordered a steak I would definitely get the onions on top of it.A great bread basket is served , with five different breadsThe gratin cauliflower was good.I will defiantly be back soon.
4	If you are in vegas and would like some good seafood i would recommend coming here  We started out with the large stone crab appetizer which was delicious. It tasted very fresh.   The complimentary bread basket was so yummy. My favorite was the one with the cranberries and nuts in it. I had to asked for more.  For my entree I ordered the Chilean sea bass. The fish was cooked perfectly. Others at the table ordered steaks. They said it was good. Overall service was very attentive and food was good. Definitely will be coming back next time I'm in Vegas.
5	I used to go to Joes fairly often but the last few years I haven't been at all since a few weeks ago where I had dinner with my Girlfriend and another couple and everything was superior.  My Girlfriend and I have pretty much been to every high end steakhouse in town Joe's is here new favorite spot!  The bone-in Filet started at Joe's and is the still the best @ Joe's. We had a shrimp cocktail that was great. All the sides are great, all the pies and desserts are great, especially the banana cream pie!  Also, for what we got the prices are fairly reasonable compared to comparable places like the palm or Morton's---They do get you on the shellfish but that is common!  Def give this place a try but make a reservation way ahead of time because it is a fairly small place and usually books up!
5	we came here for presidents day this year, and wanted to give this place a try for the stone crab, there was all kinds of special prices for presidents day, we got the medium size stone crab for $20 instead of $30 which is great, now the taste of stone crab is good, but we still like King crab of all, and be careful not to get a piece of the stone crabs shell in your mouth, because it's like you got a piece of rock in your mouth when you bite down, They serve the stone crab chilled which I don't like, I like my seafood hot and steamy, so thats the only thing I did not like about it.  and also got the calamari, which was good, crispy and they give you a pretty good size portion for an appetizer. and we also got a big slice of key lime pie for $1 instead of $7 which was a steal, overall the customer service was great, the food was great,  5 stars for everything.
4	We went to Joe's in Chicago last October and loved it!  We were happy to find there was one on the West coast.  One of the reasons why our evening was so memorable there was because we had a wonderful waiter.  On planning our trip to Las Vegas, we immediately made reservations at Joe's.  Unfortunately our experience wasn't the same because of our waitress.  I noticed the table next to us had a waiter very similar to our Chicago one in that he explained so much to the diners.  The food was  still delicious though!
5	You get what you pay for... remember that in most cases and you will do just fine.I had yelped out locations to eat before I came to Las Vegas for my business trip. I don't "do" Vegas usually because the customer service level in that town can be down right offensive if you are not a "high roller" or young person "balling for the weekend" so since I am in the business I tend to stay away from Vegas for those dayum reasons.Interior - classy, perfect setting for a business luncheon if you need to make a good impression with your guests. Service was impeccable from the bussers to our server herself "Suzanne" had great recommendations from "go" was on IT from the drop of our beverages to the entrees hitting the table. I ordered the Fish & Chips flaky and light DELICIOUS! Key Lime Pie was just right and hit the spot. They do clear bottles off of tables rather quickly so make sure that when you have filled your pilsner  that you didn't leave anything in it as they are moving so quickly (this happened to me) they just might snatch yours with beer still in it LOL They did have flat screen TV's that was on ESPN (grimacing as I am still on hiatus from any sports media tehehehehe) but from what I saw the TV's were only located in the main bar area. There seemed to be seatin in the rear (looked more private) and also a faux "outside" area to sit in like most of the restaurants located at the Forum Shops. Management was nice and was sure to Thank us our way out. WOW! i'm impressed... this restaurant is located in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace where you would expect the clientale to be expecting IMPECCABLE service, and that is what we received.Respectfully Reviewed
5	I thought about stealing the container of salt from overseas so I could bathe myself in it later that night. I know that doesn't sound appealing, but if you sprinkled that happiness onto your perfectly cooked filet mignon, you'd want to bathe every inch of yourself with it too. Don't believe me? Try it. You won't complain.We received a large gift certificate for being frequent diners at Lettuce Entertain You restaurants (see my review of Mon Ami Gabi), so we decided to try Joe's. Since we were starving, and all I could think of was cow and things that crawl on the bottom of the ocean, we dove straight in and ordered entrees...after 2 glasses of wine of course. The red malbec was FANTASTIC and went very well with my cow and sea creatures. My fiance ordered the fisherman's platter, fried, and I ordered the petite filet mignon and jumbo king crab. Our orders were perfection.Fried seafood is difficult to make and to cook it well enough to maintain the freshness of the seafood and not the dry, overcooked nature of cheap frozen grocery seafood. Joe's doesn't fry their seafood. They lightly dip scallops, shrimp cod and calamari in an airy batter and then after brushing them through an oil bath they place them ever so delicately on your entree plate. They may as well just pop each piece in your mouth because that's what happens when the plate hits the table. This was not fried seafood, this was seafood done right with a blatant disregard for calories. I didn't even have to eat it to know that the look of content on my fiance's face had nothing to do with me.Now onto the filet. Oh that filet. I love rare cow. If I am at a steakhouse, I will order the steak rare to see if they are truly a steakhouse. Oh yes, my friends, this is a steak house...more like a steak heaven. This petite filet was cooked PERFECTLY. No chewiness here, just soft, tender filet mignon drizzled in the salt mix (please see first paragraph for further loving of the salt mix). Even the waiter was doing a side glance of my cow, knowing that my senses were on overload. The crab? There's a reason they're known for snow crab, but their king crab made me want to do the Snoopy dance in the middle of the restaurant. No butter needed, absolutely no butter needed for this crab...but I did use some anyways because I can never decline butter. The crab was juicy, they cracked the crab for you so you didn't have to cut your hands open doing it yourself, and it melted in my mouth. That dinner was worth every penny we spent and then some. The service, hands down some of the best service I have ever received at a restaurant. Superb.So while you go and go bananas on some crab legs and filet at Joe's now, I will go to bed and have sweet, sweet dreams of cow and crab. This can only end deliciously.
4	This meal was the big surprise of our trip. I thought it would be a casual dinner to kick off our first night in Vegas. We only saw the outer part of the restaurant, which was part of the Caesar Forum Mall. But when we were ushered into the main dining room was when we realized this was a fine dining establishment.We just HAD to try the Stone Crab Claws, their claim to fame. However, at $10+ for each delectable claw, we thought they were a tad overpriced. Would come back for their lunch special though.The single Crab Cake was also pricey, but one of the best we've ever tasted. The top value was definitely the Surf and Turf dinner, consisting of two Maine Lobster Tails and a Petite Filet for $55. We like this dish here even better than the one at Maestro's Newport Coast!  The Lobster was tender and the Filet gave Del Frisco a run for the money.Service was old school and elegant.  We felt like the servers were part of the Miami Mafia, but in a good way!  Will definitely return next time in Vegas.
4	What we expected to be a quick jaunt from Bellagio to the Forum Shops at Caesar's was anything but. Hubby and I had discussed well before we left for Las Vegas that we would try new restaurants this trip which meant skipping Joe's, but as we sashayed through the doors of the Forum Shops, there was Joe's smack dab in front of us, and he was calling our name . . . we thought there was no way on a Friday night without reservations we would get in without a long wait, but we looked at each other, each of us with puppy dog eyes, imploring each other to break the rule we already made and try to get into Joe's. Amazingly enough, they had availability for two in the back dining room in an hour which meant shopping a little longer than expected, but we were entirely grateful for the extra time to spend more money! Ha!We really didn't have to look at the menu. We knew that a plate of select stone crabs was in order. As many others have said, they come in sizes from small to large and then "select". We always get the select. We are never disappointed. The stone crabs, meaty and succulent, are the star, but the mustard sauce is the kicker. Oh how I love that sauce . . . so much so that when I ordered the jumbo shrimp cocktail as my meal, I asked for the mustard sauce instead of the cocktail sauce. Hubby had the Chilean sea bass. It was the best we've ever had in any restaurant. We also ordered the four cheese mac and cheese which was so delectable and creamy. As an aside, you could pick any item from their list of sides and be thoroughly entranced.Atmosphere at Joe's runs the gamut and can please just about anyone. They have the "outside" patio which provides a casual experience and is perfect for people-watching. Just about everyone who walks into the Forum Shops from Las Vegas Boulevard walks past you. There is the bar room and can watch your favorite game while you drink, dine and root for the home team. And then, my favorite, the back dining room which reminds me of an old Italian steakhouse where your servers are dressed in tuxes and provide some of the best service in Las Vegas. I love the maitre d at the entrance to the back room. Even if he doesn't recognize you, he pretends he does!  That's a real art!
5	I took my fiance here for his birthday lunch and both of us left Joe's very satisfied. We each ordered their Joe's Classic (5 stone crab claws, hash browns, coleslaw, and key lime pie), delicious shrimp and scallop ceviche, 1/2 dozen oysters which were too small for my preference. I had a grapefruit margarita and let me tell you, the best margarita ever!!! Their bloody mary is yummy too, but don't order it if you have high blood pressure- sodium overload..hello...P.S. If you ever want to eat here, make sure to make a reservation because this place is always busy.
5	Went to vegas last week and stayed at caesars palace for st pattys day/march madness...I have to say...when I won 6g s on that saturday from march madness the first place that came into mind was Joe's seafood....ive been here before and the food is TOP NOTCH!! I am talking about their steak and lobster!! It's a must order!! And on top of that they give you this bread basket with all sorts of different breads but filet and lobster tails is a must....YOU GET TWO LOBSTER TAILS!!! NOT ONE!!! BUT TWO!!! good service...guy in the front who sits you down awesome dude from Chicago with funny stories...overall atmosphere was good like always....also ordered the mac n cheese....best damn mac n cheese i have had for a minute!....if your in vegas and looking for a good all around steak/lobster dinner....this is the place to go!! if you give them anything less then 5* you're  just a hater!!!
5	Joe's is absolutely amazing.  My husband has been several times to the locations in Florida.  He was so excited to see it here on the West Coast.  We ordered so much food - crab claws, lobster bisque, salmon and scallops!  Oh and of course oysters!!!  And if that weren't enough, we each had a slice of their key lime pie!  Hands down the best I've ever had!  I wish they would bring one out to Cali!
5	I think I have only given 5 Stars twice before. The meal my wife and I had here last night was outstanding. From the waitstaff in black tie, to the classiness of the decor, everything was 5 star. The crab claws were sweet and flavorful. The filet, lobster and crab cakes were wonderful. The broccolini with garlic was amazing. My wife had the Chilean Sea Bass, which melted on the tongue. And the pies! We had the Cuban and Peanut Butter. Both were fantastic. Get them by the half slice. It is plenty. Really, nothing could have been improved upon. That is not generally easy to say. Need to go back and try all the other amazing items I saw on the menu.
5	I can't even begin to describe how amazing the stone crab is at Joe's!We started off with oysters, then went with the select stone crab, fried asparagus, jennie's mashed potatoes and of course finished with the key lime pie.Additionally, our server Thomas made the experience that much more enjoyable.If I had to choose a last meal, this would be it. Planning my next Vegas trip just to revisit Joe's!
5	I had the Filet Mignon and that steak was fantastic, as I was eating it, I was wishing it would never end!  Just terrific.  The Key Lime pie is also good, if that's your sort of thing.
4	We came here for a work dinner, and it was the best crab I've ever had. Hands down. Ever. Granted, I've only had supermarket crab before, so there hasn't been much other competition in my life, but...I still dream about it. The crab claws. I prefer the Stone Crab over the others I tried, but seriously, it was all extremely fresh. The restaurant slices them open for you, so all you need is that lil' fork to gut the gorgeous insides. And there was so much of it. So very much. Bread basket at the beginning was also delicious. And the pies. Glorious pies. My fav was the Havana Dream Pie. Our server was lovely. And entertaining. Score.
4	First time a Joes! The food was good but nothing blew me away! I had the stone crabs, oysters on the half shell and madagascar shrimp. The service was awkward but good.
4	Awesome, went there while at CES this week. The food was great, had the Mahi Mahi and a friend had the NY Steak. My Mahi Mahi was very moist and delicious, my friend's Steak was very good. There were four of us and we ordered only 2 side dishes the Mashed Potato and Sauteed Garlic spinach, both were yummmiii...the side dishes are large, so we had some left over. For dessert we ordered the Banana Pie, it was delicious, we were licking the bottom of the plate...hahahah .. Have fun...oh yeah we had a bottle of Chardonnay great selection with the food...
3	Wife and I had dinner here on 4/2/12. We had extremely high hopes after reading the reviews. The dining room is nice but plain.Nothing to confuse the purpose. our server JJ was the consummate professional. Service was excellent, spot on, true, knowledgeable and still friendly.Appetizer....Stone crabs. We ordered the medium size claws. I really do not see what the big hoopla is all about. Not nearl;y as tasty as dungeness, not as meaty as Alaskan King, and not as flavorful as soft shell blue. So ehh..so so at best on those. The bread....EXCELLENT. Except come on Joe's take the pre baked dinner roll out of the basket it does not belong with the other bread selections.Crab cake......Very very good along with the Joes Mustard sauce. Well done ALOT of crab and cooked perfectly.Wifes Shrimp scampi was excellent. Flavorful, fresh and well garnished and served appealing.Lyonnaise potatoes....Both wife and i agreed they were as good as it gets. PERFECT.Asparagus...over done and too soft but still passable.Key lime pie....You can and should do better. It was so so at best and still partially frozen.....not what we expected nor should have expected from this caliber of restaurant.
3	Stone crabs: love!  sweet and succulent.   When I have Alaskan king crab legs at buffets, the meat tastes salted; there is no taste of artificial flavors in these!If you like a steak (filet) at Flemings or Maestros; pass on the filet here.  It's still a USDA prime cut, the filet really lacks in flavor.  Consider it "healthy".  Don't expect a buttery dish or a steak full of flavor.Take a pass on the mac and cheese and corn.  The server will sell you on these items; making them appear to be the best thing in the world; but I beg to differ.Great service!
2	If it were last week i would have given joe's a 5 star. Just had a terrible waiter named Brandon serving us for lunch yesterday. He seemed to forgot a lot of stuff specifically in our table. First ,it took him a long time to ask me what drink i want . He did not offer us any bread ( Tables next to us are getting theirs and we ordered 4 adults menu. )Then, he forgot to give my 5 year old niece her apple juice and her ice cream that she is been looking forward to that is supposed to be included in her kids meal. The poor kid is very thirsty ! My sister asked him twice before he finally gave it to her. He forgot to give us towels   after our meal .... one reason I love coming to joe's is because of this nice little extra that they give you warm towels after you order alaskan crab or stone crabs. It makes your hand feel clean and not stinky. Again, he gave towels to the tables next to us that he is serving. I ordered $ 150.00 of to go meals and he was happy to automatically charge me 18 % gratuity  on that as well. The nerve when his service sucked ! He is lucky i was still nice enough to give him a 20 % tip for our $ 100 lunch . We usually get excellent service -  when I am with my husband that is Caucasian. My sister actually pointed this out. Not trying to pull the Racial stuff but it sure does seems like it. Did he think we are ignorant Asians ?For Las Vegas that is a thriving tourist economy , those that in the tourist industry should be more mindful in catering to individuals and should not look  at the color of their skins. Tourists or not, We are the reason why you have jobs !  You get better service at IHOP ! Joe's should also consider putting a more friendlier matre d for lunch . He is not very helpful .  The girl that answers the phone is also very rude to me because I have an accent. This happened yesterday, April 9,2012. Other that that food is excellent !
5	This is as good as food gets. The bone in filet is the best piece of meat I've ever tasted. The Lyonais is a perfect companion to the steak. The king crab is the best. The banana cream foster pie is unreal.
2	Not really worth it. Just paying for location
5	So I've been here twice, for two very different meals, and both times service was just amazing. One night was a far more extravagant night- claws, cakes, pies, wine, scallops, steak, fish, sides... Big bill obviously got us greats service. (oh, an the food was excellent! I LOVE crab and those claws are worth the price. I had been skeptical, but it's true).But the other time, we were being more light and frugal: 3 of us shared 2 meals- one was a sandwich from the bar menu. I ordered the mac and cheese b/c, c'mon, that's what I do. The server, halfway through us eating the M&C came back and said that it was a new mac on the menu and he didn't think that the kitchen had gotten ours right-enough, and he was bringing us a new one to try (!!! two mac and cheeses for me!). And on Open Table I had mentioned that we had a b'day in the group, and they took that seriously. Everyone told her happy birthday, and she got a brownie sundae for dessert. It was so nice to feel that appreciated when we clearly weren't big spenders that night.
5	This is one of those overdue reviews, my first time here was for a Pharmaceutical Rep dinner back in the days when it was still aloud, they were kind enough to serve the medium crab, this was delicious, I appreciate that the claws came out cracked already so it makes for an easy access to the meat. Lately I have been coming here for lunch, they have an amazing lunch menu, and my favorite is the Chopped Seafood Salad that has shrimp, lobster and Alaskan king crab. The dressing is amazing, not heavy at all. For $16.95 you really can't beat this! Oh and the bread basket, SO GOOD! I love the cracker with everything on it, my friend and I usually fight over it.For cocktails, if you feel like drinking a days calories in liquid form, you have to try the Key Lime Martini, it has a graham cracker crusted rim and is made with the same ingredients they make the actual key lime pies. It's amazing. My other favorite is the French 75, served in a champagne flute, Bombay Saphire Gin, Prosecco, fresh lemon juice. Lastly, the famous Key Lime Pie for dessert, if you haven't filled up on the martini's, this is a must!Make a reservation to sit out in the front area so you can people watch.
5	This has been my go to location for scallops and to date NO ONE comes close to Joe's..NO ONE!I remember the first time I found Joe's was really just random and from the scallops to their filet mignon special they have on occasion that the wife adores we have never had a sour meal here.This time the host definitely went well out of his way to ensure we had an amazing meal and in the end he was handsomely rewarded for it which I told my wife was probably way out of the ordinary, but good deeds need to go rewarded..We were initially sat at a table that made us a bit uncomfortable due to the high seat and our small frames and from observation he took it upon himself to move us to a table which seemingly caused chaos amongst the wait staff..In the end it worked out and we had a very enjoyed meal.I also have to recommend for dessert to have a slice of banana cream pie which they somehow turn into a banana foster pie..It has been my hands down favorite each outing and on a whim I even called which shocked me to find out the pie is even out there for purchase..I can honestly say give me a Vegas celebration in the near future and I'll follow through with that one! Oh Joe you tempt me so!If you are looking for top notch seafood in Vegas look no further then Joe's..I think next time I'll give the stone crab a shot just to say I FINALLY did it (sorry scallops)..=OP
4	Excellent service, great food, Alaskan King crab legs were huge and pre-cut lighting at our table made reading the menu difficult but excellent overall experience
3	Maybe it just wasn't MY day, but the restaurant was OK.Not bad, but nothing special.Loved their beet salad.The crab legs were fine..Cant say that I really like the staff there. Not sure if I come back there.
4	Ok I should preface all my reviews I am super critical. Important to have nice atmosphere outstanding food and great service all at a reasonable price.The concierge at the Wynn recommended this restaurant. Excellent choice. Restaurant located in the Cesar hotel complex. Taxi driver dropped off directly in front of restaurant. The maitre de was expecting me. Thank you concierge. I think I got better service because of it. Yes I did give him $10 to say thanks for looking after me.Originally they were going to set me in the mall area but I declined and they moved me to the bar area.  I just did not want to sit next to a table with a couple of rough guys in tank tops. Come on this is an upscale restaurant. How about a collared shirt.Ok menu is diverse lots to choose from. I could not make up my mind so I ordered the fishermans platter. Great suggestion by waitress Laurie.  You can get it grilled or fried  i was naughty  went for the fried option  i enjoyed  it  Crab bisque soup interesting needed a bit of salt and pepper. Bottom line would I go back maybe so many places to explore here in Vegas   You won't go wrong here
4	I ate here on my last night in Vegas and more or less enjoyed it. I felt really classy walking in with a t-shirt and bright red cargo shorts, but I'll be damned if I walk around the desert heat in pants.We had to get the stone crab appetizer since it's in the damned NAME of the place, even though I did not like the ~26 dollar price at all. For that money, you get two fairly big claws, pre-cracked and served with Joe's sauce (not that kind, but the mustard kind). The crab tasted very good, and if you can afford it, then good for you and GIVE ME MONEY.The stone crab bisque was extremely delicious - not too thick, and very savory. Maybe a bit too savory, but I'm someone who can't drink non-lowsodium veggie juice, so take that comment with a grain of salt HIYOOOO.I dined on pretzel-crusted arctic char with tarragon remoulade. Sounds fancy, I thought, but in reality it's just pretzel-crusted salmon with a nice tartar-like sauce. It still tasted good, although the fish was cooked a little rarer than I like.Le girlfriend had the fisherman's platter, which was a grilled combination of shrimp, scallops, octopus, and squid. The seafood was cooked well (except the squid was a tad chewy), and decently flavored.Additionally, we had a side of "Joe's grilled tomatoes." Naturally, I thought that they were just ....grilled tomatoes. But they came out, and it turns out the slices are topped with some sort of spinach puree and AMERICAN CHEESE. EWW. A description of that crap on the menu would have been helpful.Would have loved to try the key lime pie, but we didn't dessert it up so we could have time to savor our last night in Vegas.If you know what I mean ;)
3	Not as good as the hype but a decent seafood place.  As with everything in Vegas, it's pricy.  The service is very good, the stone crab appetizer is nice, I'm more of a Dungeness guy myself, but it seemed fresh, interesting mustard sauce served with it, not real enthused about that one.  My meal was decent, a seafood chop salad.  In all, not somewhere I would rave about or tell anyone it's a must.  There's a place about 50 feet away that has a great rawbar, good seafood, less crowds and a better vibe.  I'll review that place later!
5	I admittedly picked this restaurant solely on the numerous, positive Yelp reviews, but went with a skeptical eye -- good steak in Vegas?Just outside an indoor fountain at Caesar's Palace that houses a Gelato shop, the restaurant looked great and elegant on the outside. We were seated immediately outside and ordered many appetizers, Single Malts (alcoholic drink), and main dishes.The waitress was cheery and recommended a seafood appetizer sampler that contained oysters, King Crab legs, and Rock Crab legs. The oysters were very tiny, but the King Crab legs were absolutely delicious!For the main courses, most of us tried the waitress-recommended Bone-in Rib Eye. Comparing it to the steaks we had at Mesa Grill (Caesar's Palace) and Bouchon (Venetian), this was our absolute favorite steak of the week-long trip! Bouchon, by the way, isn't recommended by us for steak.This restaurant was on my mind all week-long despite other good places we went to, such as SambaSushi (Palazzo) and Pho Kim Loan (Chinatown).Come here for the Bone-in Rib Eye steak and the King Crab legs!
3	There are two places I must visit while in Vegas - Joe's Seafood and Vosges Haut-Chocolat. I always order the seafood salad and its always excellent. Probably due to the economy, they charge the same amount, but changed the salad so its now "chopped" with tons of veggies. When it arrived, I had to look hard for the 6 pieces of seafood that were in it. Very disappointing. I can say their white glove service is always excellent and you'll never have a hard time finding a waiter.
5	This is my favorite restaurant of all time. I love the stone crab and bone-in ribeye. The mustard sauce is DELICIOUS. Every time I go to Vegas I come here. Sweet Corn is amazing. Get the Peppermint Ice Cream or Key-Lime Pie. Don't ask any questions just go to Joe's and order a crapload of stone crab, a ribeye, sweet corn, and finish off with the ice cream. It's super pricey but it is totally worth it. You will never view steaks or crab the same. The service is amazing.
1	I have been coming to the las vegas location since they opened and I think today was my last visit.  Its mothers day and we went to eat dinner early but wanted dessert from joes's, its become one of our las vegas tradtions.  So being mothers day I called ahead of time and asked if I needed reservations tonight just for dessert.  I spoke with not one but TWO employees on the phone and both confirmed that I would be ok coming in with my party of 5.  We make the trek on foot with 2 people in wheelchairs from paris hotel and casino where we are staying.  And then they tell us at the door that we cannot get seated because we're only having dessert and they are still busy. But that we can take it to go.  Sooo frustrated that our mothers day celebration had to end like this.  The seating host easily dismissed us and I didn't appreciate the lack of customer service.
5	WOW!!! I have never had crab legs as good as these.  HUGE and succulent.  I was a bit apprehensive about it at first.  I was getting it mixed up with Joe's Crab Shack chain, but it is a great restaurant.  Def get the Snow Crab legs, Rock Crab and the Key Lime Pie!!!
5	The stone crabs, I don't have much to speak about these.  Nothing special at all even though it on the name.The jumbo alaskan king crab legs on the other hand, fell off the shell and melted in my mouth.  Eating at buffets in vegas with these is no match compared to a single order of these pre-cracked and ready to eat.  You haven't had crab legs until you get some of these.Lastly I closed out with a bone-in filet, the original they call it.  It was a thick piece of meat, so that meant the center was nice and rare, just the way I like it.  It was nice, tender and juicy, until I got to certain portions which were a bit to chewy because of some tendons.
5	Best seafood in the city! Love it here! I haven't had anything that has been bad from here. My husband and I have been here quite a few times. Last time we had the fisherman's platter and rib-eye steak. Both were fantastic! The fried scallops and fried shrimp were amazing with the dipping sauce they give. The only thing that irritated me was the fact the waiter wasn't paying attention to our drinks. I like for a waiter to notice when I finish my drink so I can get another one. I guess it was a busy night so he was running around. However, he gave us two free desserts at the end. One was chocolate cake and the other was the key lime pie. The chocolate fudge cake was a bit too rich for me but the key lime pie was AMAZING! This is definitely a place to visit when you are in Vegas!
5	Worth. Every. Penny.  I think the aioli overpowers the crab but to each their own.  The asparagus was perfectly cooked and mac & cheese was awesome.  Try the heirloom tomato salad and/or ceviche to start, SO FRESH!
3	This is a very nice location but I feel like it was over priced. They are located in Caesars Palace and it is very cute.My boyfriend brought me here after coming with his friends and he thought it was just great.  The portions are huge!!! but the taste was not as great as I thought. It was still good but not oh my god i had a delisha-gasm. The server was very nice and always made sure we were alright. I just feel like I could have gotten a better meal for the price I paid.
5	An amazing meal at a really nice resturant.  My gf and I decided to have a nice meal on the strip and found Joe's.  We has stone crab, steak, oysters, and wine.  It was fantastic.  The bone in ribeye was the best steak I have ever had.  She said thr same thing about the filet.  I could not recommend this place more, and plan on going back when I am back in vegas
5	I have passed this restaurant on every visit to the Forum Shoppes.  Never thought once to eat there, as I have never been a fan of eating in the mall.  After reading all of the positive comments from fellow Yelpers and on Opentable, I finally decided to give it a shot.  The host/maitre'd was such a friendly fellow that made you feel so welcomed.  He is perfect for his position.  He welcomed us in and offered us an inside seat or an outside seat - we chose inside, as I was  not into watching all of the shoppers on the outside.  Cozy setting on the inside.  Was I wrong about this place.  It was so freakin' good.  The first offer you 5 different kinds of breads - who would think a place like this  makes their own breads?!  There was a ciabatta, lavosh, olive bread, pretzel roll and a dinner roll.  I was impressed.  We had to try the Stone Crab - pricey - $10 a crab, we had the large size - server's recommendation.  You can order as many as you want.  Don't have to go by what's printed on the menu.  She said it fell off the shell better.  It was really tasty and the mustard sauce was really good.  I am not a saucey person, but it certainly complemented the crab.  We had the Manhattan Clam Chowder and the Caesar Salad next.  Both were also very good.  I had the salmon next and it was outstanding.  It was a special of the day.  It was cooked to perfection.  The best part of the meal was dessert - the blueberry pie with vanilla ice cream was soooo good.  You can order a 1/2 slice of pie - my recommendation.  But the best dessert was the Peppermint Ice Cream with the Hot Fudge.  Hot Dang!!!!  This was the best ever.....  This hit the spot and made this my favorite place to dine.  Service was very attentive.  Waters and Lemonade always filled.  Dirty dishes removed promptly and the server was nice and friendly.  I am so happy I finally tried this place out.  It took me long enough, but I will be going back again.
5	Best steak I have ever had by far!  The crab claws were incredible!  We sat at the bar and the service was great and the bartender was very friendly.  I WILL be going back next time I'm in Vegas!  You won't be disappointed!
5	King Crab Legs, Aged Ribeye, Ceviche, and any sides.  The Gin and Tonic is great too.  I could do this every night.  We spend about $100 a head every time we go but it's AWESOME!!!Note: If you are used to the key lime pie in Key West then skip it here.  Otherwise have at it.
5	Score a reservation for Mother's Day at this great restaurant. Our party of 5 was seated about 10 minutes after we arrived. The server was knowledgeable, friendly, and appeared to genuinely enjoy working at Joe's.We started off the night with the special Stone Crab Claws. These are the famous claws from Florida that are harvested from the crabs without killing them. I saw an episode of Man Vs Food and put it on list of things to try if I was ever in Miami. Just think how excited I was when I learned that this restaurant was started by the owners of the Miami restaurant.Back to the claws, one word - AMAZING -. Being Filipino, I have been exposed to some awesome seafood. The combination of salt water and sweet crab meat was incredible. Each of us has two claws each. I could have had more, but the meal had just started.For my entree, I ordered the bone in Rib Eye "Oscar Style". Oscar style is when you add crab meat, steamed asparagus, and hollandaise sauce on top of your meal. The steak was cooked to order (Medium Rare) and the "Oscar Style" topped off the meal excellently.Whenever I come back to Las Vegas, I will definitely stop by and have another meal at Joe's.
5	my husband brought me here for a surprise birthday dinner, dragged me around caesar's without telling me where we were going until we finally found the restaurant tucked in the corner of the mall. you can choose from a series of sizes of crab, we went with the premium or middle-large size of crab. i've never had stone crab before but it is just the most sweet buttery delicious crab in the world, without any sense of brininess to weigh it down. it is simply heavenly. the steamed arms are brought out cold and cracked with big full pieces of crab meat in each joint of the arm served with a bit of mustard dipping sauce... no need for any sauce just take the crab flavor straight as is, it is just beautiful.and just so you know stone crab are protected and only one limb is harvested at a time so that they can keep one arm to survive... and this does not kill the crab and their arm grows back with time. for you eco geeks out there that means that it is a sustainable food and good for the survival of the stone crab.i cannot wait to go to florida to try it again near the source, one can only imagine how much better it can be!as far as joe's of las vegas, there are two areas, more formal dining in the back and casual patio front both areas with the same menu.  we had reservations and were seated in the back room...it was very traditional and formal, all beautiful wood paneling and ultra lush carpeting and cushy seats...a tad too stuffy for my liking but i tend to enjoy more casual friendlier service and my dirty dives. we ordered prime rib along with the stone crab everything was delicious, service impeccable.  joe's also delivers stone crab from florida you can go to their website to place an order. we received a gift set a few months after my first experience and it was excellent as well!
5	The stone crabs were tasty but a lot of work to get meat even though they were cracked. The mustard sauce is like crack.. I wanted more! The ahi tuna steak was cooked perfectly rare. The wine and the service were unbelievable.It's definitely a hefty price but everything was delicious and filling. The banana pie was delish!
4	Two words: Stone crab. Best crab I've ever tasted.This Joe's is loud - our party of 10 was seated in the main dining room, which essentially does not permit for group conversation - was able to speak with immediate tablemates only. Excellent people watching - the bank set dines here. Fantastic service - server didn't miss a beat despite a few obnoxious members in our party - kudos to her.Steaks and sides didn't disappoint - had the petite 8 oz filet mignon. Sides are meant for sharing - offers sweet potato in 3 different preparations, spinach in 3 preparations. Broccolini and green beans amandine are excellent steak complements. For non-steak diners, Joe's offers a decent fish selection as well, including mahi mahi, Salmon, halibut, Chilean sea bass, ahi tuna.Come here for the stone crab.
5	Absolutely amazing.  All six entrees were cooked to perfection, including bacon wrapped scallops, petite filets, crap cakes, and crusted-halibut.  Service was perfect.  This was a great dining experience!!
5	The sea bass was amazing! Melt in your mouth good. We had the Julie potatoes and the creamed spinach as sides. Also both really good. The service was some of the best I've had. If you in Vegas you deserve to treat yourself to this. Life is too short not to.
4	Good meal but our reservation was more than 30 minutes late.  That's tough!Started with a caesar and it was good.  I had the bone in filet and it was very good, maybe not super great as I was hoping for, but very good nonetheless.  Wife had fish and chips and these were excellent.Service, once seated was terrific.  Both server and assistant had lots of personality.On previous visits we sat "outside" which was nice.  This time we were in the main room.  The booth was nice but it was the generic steakhouse ambiance.
5	We loved the restaurant so much that we went back again 2 days later with having reserved the same table. The food was outstanding . The best steak and stone crab.Our server the second time was Rob and he was amazing.mWe went about 3 years ago, and that's why I made a reswrvation in advance. Can hardly wait to go again!!!   Sylvia B
4	Such a fun place to be! Located inside the new part of The Forum Shoppes at Caesar's place, this place is so much fun to be at and dine at. We sat in the bar/lounge area and was not disappointed at all. We had a reservation but when we arrived they were about 15 minutes behind so we decided to sit at the bar. I will admit, the two Hosts really need to work together and better their communication skills. What did we eat, too much! We ended up sharing a ceviche, crab bisque, crab cake, BLT wedge salad, Joe's scallops and the copper river salmon. The BLT was best. It was so good, I went back the next day for lunch with my friend and had it again. I love salads and I love it even more when the lettuce is crisp and all the ingredients are fresh. All of our food was delicious and the vibe there again was fun and young. The bartenders were great and I love a staff the can provide an environment when you can be yourself and also know you're in a fine dining establishment. Great job Joe's!Ha, I saved dessert for last :) Joe's has some kicking pie too. Yes, pies. Please try and save room for the blueberry pies. And when you're lucky, they'll have a rhubarb pie that is so refreshing and such a fabulous way to end your meal :)Happy eating!
5	I love the main dining room!  Everything from the food to the service to the atmosphere, all A+!We are locals and we notice that we are treated very well, almost like the staff is happy to see us.  Whenever we come, I make a reservation and they keep "our" table open for us.  Tip: They have large, horseshoe shaped booths in the corners - I like them because they're more intimate and you can still people watch.The scallops are literally the best I've ever tasted.  So delicious.  You have to try the stone crab of course.  We get ours steamed because I'm not as keen on the cold version (the standard way they are served).We have never been disappointed in anything - keep up the good work Joe's!
3	Was in Vegas this week for a convention and went to Joes my first night.  Sat at the bar and waited for my party of 10 to show up and enjoyed a drink with my Sweetie.  Even though there were about 10 servers milling around I had to get up and go to the bar to get my own drink.  The drink was great, and the atmosphere of the bar and dining room was very nice and welcoming.Sat down to the table and met our waiter who was very nice and gave us the history of the restaurant and suggested some appetizers and entrees since it was our first visit .  We started off with the Stone Crab Claws which were out of this world and the Mustard Dipping Sauce was from the heavens.  We also had the Shrimp De Jonge which was ok.I had the Ribeye which was OK, nothing fantastic.  It was a bit on the small side for a Bone In Ribeye, but since I was still on east coast time so it was really late.  Sweetie had the Sea Bass and liked it.  The side dishes were also very nice we had the Lyonaise Potatoes, creamed spinach, sweet potato fries, onion straws and maybe one other, all were tasty.For dessert someone ordered the Peanut Butter Pie which was VERY tasty and to call it rich would be an understatement.  Since there was 10 of us they added a percentage to the bill for a tip, which is normal but then the waiter made a point to let the member of our party that was paying know that he had to share the tip with the other people who participated in our service so it was customary to add more so that he gets his fair share.  I thought this was tasteless and uncalled for he was also pretty persistent about it and it left a bad taste in my mouth.This meal was nice, and I would go back for the stone crab claws.  There were parts that were great and parts that were not so great about this experience.
4	We booked a table and arrived earlier and they managed to sit us inside which is a more intimate atmosphere. The food was delicious and the service was present without being too much pressure on anything. One of the best dinner experiences. We had the starter of seafood whoch was very fresh and as main dish the different cuts od meat whioch all of them were very well grilled. Definiteley a place to come back!
5	Still LOVE this place! A must stop anytime I'm in Vegas. This time I visited for Lunch and went with their Joe's Classic w/ Stone Crabs. A yummy 3- course meal that comes with 5 large Stone Crab Claws, Hashed Brown Potatoes and a slice of Key Lime Pie all for $26! Crab Claws- 5 large pre-cracked Stone Crab Claws, sweet and tender meat conveniently pre-cracked for your dining ease :)Hashed Brown Potatoes- a large serving of their delicious hashed/smashed potatoes with a wonderfully crispy outer crust. (It came with a meal for one, but is definitely enough for 2-3 people!)Key Lime Pie- YUM-MY!!! I've never had Key Lime Pie, but now...I'm a FAN!! Cool and creamy, tangy and tart with my favorite graham cracker crust. This pie made me :)While we had more than enough food, the Sweet Potato Fries sounded good so we added an order of those as well. A HUGE plate of crispy fries topped with a cinnamon/salt mixture. A nice sweet and salty combo!Our server was super sweet. Food came out quickly, she checked on us regularly and drinks stayed full. I'll be back!
5	Best seafood/steakhouse on the Strip. The Stone Crab bisque is to die for. Had the ribeye and a side of spinach. It literally felt like it melted on my mouth. This place knows how to cook a ribeye. Finished our meal with a key lime pie slice. Sooo amazing! Can't wait to go back.
2	Not sure why this place gets such great reviews. The service was good but the food just ok and the location/atmosphere ok.I found the price very expensive as well.Not worth it.
5	I have to say if you want seafood - this is the place.  I had a gift certificate so I used it and I was very satisfied. I suggest you try the 2nd mortgage - its a sampler of seafood. Only $21.00 and you get an awesome variety. The prices weren't that bad. Service was excellent.
5	One of the best seafood joints in Vegas, and most definitely the best on the strip.  We come here for special occasions because it's pricey, but worth it.The stone crab is a must, it's sweet and well complimented by the mustard sauce.  Just watch for small bits of shell, that stuff hurts to bite down on!The King crab legs which were enormous, and cut for you so you only need a fork for them.  Head and shoulders above the stuff you see on buffets.Chilean Sea Bass was fork tender, excellently prepared.Scallops are frickin awesome.  I've had both the Joes and the bacon wrapped, both are good but I prefer the Joes since scallops are easily overpowered by something as flavorful as bacon.  Portions on these are generous, one of the better deals on the menu.Drinks: love the tonic here, they bring you out the a small bottle of it with your beverage.  Friend had the skinny cosmo recently which was too lime heavy, if you're watching calories just do something with soda water.
5	Flexible dress code.  Sure they say "business casual" but they are absolutely fine with shorts in the dining room during dinner.  Two thumbs up for this since when we visited (week of July 9th) the temps were 115-116 during the day cooling down to 95-100 in the evenings!The drinks are pricey... $15 for a cranberry & Grey Goose... but they're stiff!!!  The food is rather reasonably priced for a rather high end seafood/steak restaurant in Las Vegas.  I had the stone crab appetizer, my husband had the Joe's Cole Slaw, we split the 12oz filet and the Big Daddy's Potatoes (not on the menu so I'll describe... they're hashed browns sitting on a bed of caramelized onions then topped with loaded baked potato innards... must must must try!!!).  For dessert I had the Havana Dream Pie (white cake with a custard filling and an uber-thick drizzle of dulce de leche on top... again, a must must must try!!!)  and hubby had the peppermint ice cream with hot fudge. Our food total was under $90 which is not expensive for the quantity and quality of food.  It was my birthday so they brought out a complimentary brick of flourless chocolate cake topped with a scoop of vanilla ice cream which is then topped with hot fudge.  This was very tasty however since we had each ordered a dessert it was totally too much / OTT and we would have preferred they either comp the dessert I ordered or told me they'd be bringing that out so I would not have ordered something else.   Service was excellent... from the bar tender to the waitress to the maitre d.  No complaints whatsoever and we'll certainly be back!
4	The fried chicken is excellent and do not leave without trying the pie....If you are full from dinner be sure to get some to go!
2	OK,I have eaten at Joe's several times in Miami and Phyllis who lived most of her life in Miami was a regular.She dragged me to Joe's in Vegas as a non negotiable demand!It was very disappointing. It lacked the ambiance of old school elegance that Joe's portrays in Miami, the decor was similar but the service was not. Although good the Vegas servers did not carry off the spirit of "old school" as expected.The worse part was the stone crabs, why we where there. They where not great. Not really bad but not up to the Joe's name.All in all the meal and experience where not worth it. If you are a Joe's Miami fan you will not be happy.Finally this is not a value for the money and it is not hard to do much better in Vegas.
5	Still one of my favorite restaurants across the country & def in this city.  The one in Miami does not take reservations this one does!   I get almost the same thing every time and every time I'm overjoyed! It never disappoints and the service is impeccable. This is a place for sharing, if you are not a sharer maybe not for you.If it's your first time or you've been before here's my favorites:1) Stonecrab- remember season is Oct 15- May 15 (2 days before my birthday) so ordering them in this time frame will ensure optimum pleasure.  Anytime else, they are frozen and while still good not GREAT. Joe's mustard sauce is INFAMOUS and amazing but keep in mind it's mayo based so opt for less than more. [see pix]2) Roasted Corn- amazing- simple plain with a touch of heat and lime3) Creamed Spinach- oh lord this is not on the diet BUT you are eating shellfish so it's kinda ok, ish4) Seafood Salad- dressing on the side for me. It's divine5) Pretzel roll and or onion and cheese roll oh lordie6) potatoes I can do with or without7) FRIED CHICKEN- yes I know, my friend is Kosher, this is what he orders, it's damn near amazing, only reason I've ever even tried it8) King Crab legs- about the same price as your first born but in the long run cheaper than a kid! [see pix]9) dessert- ice cold key lime pie is what they are known for but their Havana one is knock your socks off good too.
5	My favorite restaurant in Vegas. Excellent service and declicious food. Their seafood salad is to die for! Generous portions of crab meat, shrimp etc. Their stone crab never fails and this time we had their pie for dessert. The server said they make it from scratch every morning, it sure tasted like it! Can't wait to go back. Like previous reviews have mentioned, compared to other super expensive restaurant Joe's beat the quality and price!
5	Stone crab, seafood salad & peppermint icecream is all I need.Ready for stone crabs, seafood salad & peppermint icecream.Stone crab! Stone crab! Stone crab! Seafood chop salad, seafood chop salad!  Yum yum
3	My husband was very happy with their lobster and steak combo meal, definitely worth the $65 he says, well, everyone is entitled with his or her opinions.  I tasted it.  They are good but not phenomenal.   My 9 year old had 3 of their baked potatoes with chives and butter, they are good but then what doesn't taste good with load of butter? My older son scored!  his caesar salad was the best to me.  It had the perfect balance of flavors, delicious.  I was the least lucky one for the night.  I had a TERRIBLE TIME!  All because I started with the half-dozen oysters, which were not what I had expected.  First of all, they tasted bitter! The flavor didn't improve after I dipped them in the sauce it came with.  As a seasoned oyster sampler, I know the good fresh oysters don't need any sauce or dipping, they are good on their own.Secondly, they were tiny. I'm talking about the actual meat part.  One of them was the size of my thumb nail, no kidding.  And worse of all, I had a very bad tummy ache right after I ate the oysters.  Ouch, ouch!At this point I ordered their lobster bisque, thinking it might ease my tummy ache.  But the bisque tasted so weird, it was too salty, and too sweet at same time.  And my tummy ache got worse now, I had to let my son get up so I can lay down.  That didn't help, so I asked for some very hot water. Then another pot, and another.  I was sweating profusely after 3 pots of hot piping water by now, and I was a royal mess regretting ordering that wretched oysters.  But at least I could get up and walk back to our room at the end, thank God, we are not staying at Augustus tower this time, or I have to walk more.I am thankful to that nice bus boy who brought me hot water. God bless u for ur sweet tender heart.  All this time, our waitress, a well-weathered one, witnessed my pain with such an indifference as if she has seen the world of suffering.  I think she was afraid if she admit i got ill from their oysters we may not pay her.  I know there are people who do that, but not us.  The bill was almost $200 with the wine, nothing was comped even with  my terrible plight.  She was very glad to take the hefty tip from us though.  I have never had reactions like this to the oysters before, and oysters are my favorite food if u read my profile.  It was just not my night.Since the rest of my family did have good meal, I am giving them a very generous 3 stars.  I would have rated them higher if the waitress didn't retort me bitterly after I gave her my feedback of the oysters and the lobster bisque each time.  Hey, waitress lady, everyone else may prefer ur tiny bitter taste oyster but I don't, is that a crime?  Also, please don't look aghast when I tell u I didn't care the lobster bisque as if I am not refined enough to appriciate ur "fine" dinning.  A decent and graceful hostess would have taken it back right away.
4	We went to Joes on our recent Vegas vacation with 4 other friends.  We wanted a place that was good but not too crazy expensive (ie less than $200 a person.).   The ambiance was nice for Vegas and we had a great night service wise.We started with the Caesar salad, stone crab bisque, and the stone crab appetizer.  The salad and the bisque were not notch!  Thinking about the soup makes me want to go back!  The crab claw was good but I felt like it was a little overpriced.  I get that it's Vegas but still.  For the entree my husband did the filet mignon and I did the scallops (I don't eat red meat).  The filet was the perfect size given all sour starters and smash husband thought it was cooked well.  My scallops were goodbut very rich.  Beware that they are battered and then pan fried.  I'm not used to the battered part.  The portion was huge and I just couldn't get through it.  For sides the table got the creamed spinachs, hash browns, and a seasonal corn dish.  I woud order all of them again.  Some of our friends opted for the Filet/lobster combo for dinner.  While they loved the filets, they did not rave about the lobster.  My recommendation would be to skip the lobster and get more sides.
5	I LOVE this place!!The service is superb, the waitstaff is attentive but not annoying and the food is fabulous.I could go for the bread basket and crab soup alone but the fresh food ( I had excellent fresh sockeye salmon and my companion had halibut) was cooked and served perfectly.I had never had fried asparagus but enjoyed it and the rice pilaf with root veggies was very tasty.No room for dessert but will return soon.
4	I've always seen this restaurant while shopping in the forum shops.After a recommendation from a worker at LV, we ecided to give it a try.The service: the staff were very professional and knew the menu backwards and forwards. They knew what to recommend, and they were right. The food: Crab cakes for appetizer - ding ding ding! delicious, and not at all fishy.Then came the salad : delicious and fresh! I've tried several of their salads, and I have yet to be disappointed. The bisque is fail-proof as well. Then, the pasta. It was cooked to perfection and was seasoned well. I have yet to dry dessert from here.I always end up stuffing myself with the entrees, that by the time dessert menu rolls around... I am ready to roll around and go to bed. LOL
5	What an exceptional Restaurant!    I surprise my wife and take her out on a Saturday night.  Unfortunately it was the same weekend that the Billboard awards were in town and there was over a 2 hour wait.  Thomas, the Maitre D', humbly apologized, but there was no way to get us in sooner.  I explained to him that it was our first date night in a long time.  I surprised my wife with a sitter, we recently saw the Stone Crabs on T.V. and really craved it etc...He asked us to wait by the bar and he would see what he could do.  We figured we could see some industry people so we went to the bar and waited.  I think I see Carley Rae Jepsen here.  Darn, I have that song now in my head... "Hey I just met you, call me crazy, so here's my number, so call me maybe..."  20mins later, Thomas comes by and says he could seat us and thanked us for the wait.  He knows how it was to get out on a date night and wanted to accommodate us.From the start, we were given the VIP treatment.  As our server, Ashley, was placing the napkins on our lap, she noticed I had dark pants.  I usually request a dark napkin, but she immediately said "I'll go and get you a dark napkin" without hesitation.  Knowing and predicting my needs before requesting, sign of great customer service.  Another mark of an exceptional restaurant is that they left my wife and I alone most of the time.  This gave us the opportunity to talk and spend time together without interruption.  This is not to say they were not attentive.  They were more than attentive, but they did it in the background.   They worked as a team.  The person filling our water, the person bringing our bread, the person clearing out table, everyone was exceptional.  They knew exactly what was needed at our table and would rarely need to ask.  I would look down and have a fresh glass of ice tea.  Working as  team to help each other to make sure the client experience was exceptional.Obviously we were there for the Stone Crab Claws, but Ashley made a suggestion of their signature table side Cole Slaw.  Cole Slaw?  She said we would not regret it and she would make it personally.  The Stone Crab was obviously amazing.  Sweet, succulent and delectable, with a hint of tang and heat on the back of the palate from their homemade mustard sauce.   When I die, I want heaven to be made of marshmallows, rainbows and Stone Crab Claws from Joe's!  And she was right, I absolutely loved the table side Cole Slaw. When the meal was finally over, Ashley comes over to the table and brings over 2 bowls with a hot towel and lemon in each bowl.  She squeezes the lemon on our hands for us and we proceed to clean our hands with the towels.  This was going above and beyond on the service.  As we were done with our dinner and leaving, Thomas asked "Mr. & Mrs. Chan, where you happy with your experience here tonight?"  I explained how it was one of the most exceptional times at a restaurant I've had and would be telling everyone about it.  He handed me his card and thanked us for joining them that night.  Needless to say, we've been back a few times, including my 40th birthday dinner.
5	It's been a long time since I've had a really good, knock off my boots and keep them off!!!, ribeye.  This place really surprised me with the quality of their steak since it's mostly famous for it's stone crab.-bone-in ribeye:  Yah, I splurged for the bone and honestly, I don't know if it would've made a difference.  I've noticed with other places that the meat next to the bone is usually a bit more tender than the rest of the steak but it really didn't matter here.  Every piece of meat I ate was just as good as the last.-dover sole:  This thing was A-MA-ZING!  Cooked perfectly and the brown butter sauce on the side was so decadent.  My only gripe about this dish is that they took the belly, and all the tasty little bones away =(  My little heart cried when the waiter took that platter away ='(((-swordfish with mint pesto:  This was a special that night and it was overcooked.  My friend really should've sent it back for a new one but she didn't.  The presentation was lovely though.-creamed spinach:  This was very good.  It had a good spinach flavor and wasn't overloaded with cream.-Jennie's potaoes:  Honestly, I don't see the draw of this dish.  It was just whipped potatoes and it seemed to have lacked butter and salt in it.-mac and cheese:  This was okay, loved that they used shells though =d-oysters on a half shell:  Their shucking skillz weren't too bad.  Only about 3 of the 12 oysters on the plate were stabbed to death and I had some shell shards in 1 of my oysters so that was good.  They were offering French Kisses and Kushis that night.  The Kushis defintely stole the show with a slight sweet buttery taste to them.  They also come with little Tabasco bottles that are uberly cute!  And a migonette, which was nice but a tiny spoon to get the liquid onto the oysters would've been greatly appreciated hah!-brownie a la mode:  This was a tasty brownie.  I don't normally like brownies but this brownie was amazing mmmmmmmmAll and all, I would definitely come back here when their stone crabs are in season and splurge all over again =)
3	Joe's stone crab never lets you down! All-around fresh seafood. Oysters were not as fresh or large as the location in Miami. Sadly, I was disappointed. Seafood is good but not as amazing as Miami..but maybe it's related to the shipping route of the ingredients? Service is superb. All very professional, friendly, and informative. They get an A+++!
3	Short story the food is almost good and they give you a very good bread basket.Long story.You have to order seafood or beef here that is what they do.My husband ordered the rib eye sandwich and I ordered the maui maui lunch plate. My waitress suggest that I order a side dish because she thought it wouldn't be enough food so I ordered the heirloom tomatoes.Someone soon brings out a bread basket, I do have to say that it was a very good above average bread basket with yummy pretzel bread, a cheese and onion roll and other breads.We received the tomatoes and I do note that the tomatoes were stunning great tomatoes but I hated the vinaigrette because it had chunks of gelatin in it and I thought that was gross. My husband didn't mind the chunks of gelatin so some people might like it that way. I was able to eat the tomatoes if I scraped the gelatin chunks off.We receive the meals and my husband said the rib eye was pretty good but had a lot of butter poured on it. My maui maui was nice and fresh but was DROWNING in butter. The jicama slaw that came with my meal was almost good but I couldn't eat it after I tasted it because it was totally oil saturated.If you like LOTS of BUTTER or OIL with your food and a great bread basket EAT AT JOE'S!
4	Great atmosphere. Fair food. Nothing like Miami location.
4	Look lady, I have money... I don't know why you keep making us feel uncomfortable about spending it.I am referring to our waitress who fell into the trap of thinking we couldn't afford the meal at hand. Her explanation of what would be ideal to order was a bit confusing. I did appreciate the story of the restaurant though.A pretty nifty bread basket comes out before the meal started. We had decided to share the large stone crabs which was enough for 3-4 bites per person (total 5 people). Soon after, our entrees (I got the bone-in ribeye) came out with the delicious sides. The hands down favorite of the table had to have been the garlic spinach which had roasted pieces of garlic on top. The mac and cheese and the fries were good as well. Beware of the salt condiment that comes out with the steak, if you make the mistake of adding just a bit more than you need, your steak can end up like a salt lick.I'd probably skip over the stone crabs and try their other thing they are known for (Alaskan king crab) and share my steak along with some sides the next time around. In any case, I enjoyed what I ate.
3	.... just kinda So-So!    This is probably my 20th time coming to this restaurant and for some reason the claws were a little bit 'blah'.  They were smashed beyond recognition and were just overall whimpy. We bought the medium size which are normally sweet, plump and perfect.   But, after this experiance --- if I go back, maybe the Large Size is the only way to go for better quality.    My favorite salad there is the BLT -- Very Yum and they are always nice to split it for me and my husband. --- and the sides are always good --- creamed spinach and lyonaise potatoes!  They also have some reasonable price wine by the bottles that are very good.   I just wish the crab was more crab-a-licious.....
2	Don't waste your money on this place.  Go to Del Frisco's instead.  Way better quality.Joe's has a nice ambience; it is conveniently located in Caesar's and the after-dinner coffee was tasty but the positives end there.  I can't believe this place gets so many 4* reviews.Although a variety of bread is presented in the basket, the bread lacks freshness and isn't served warm.  The butter was hard too.My husband and I order calamari everywhere we go and this was pretty poor- small skinny pieces, chewy and nothing special or tasty about it at all.  The breading wasn't hot and crispy like one would expect.  The mashed potatoes tasted like instant potatoes from a box.  My husband got the dover, which was deboned tableside, but it was relatively tasteless.  He also had oysters and they were "meh" according to a guy who eats them often.  I had scallops and shrimp as my main course and both were overcooked which really impacts the flavor and texture of those foods.  I let my husband try some and he concurred that they were overcooked.  It's pretty bad to get that wrong when you are a steak and SEAFOOD restaurant.The service was good although our table remained covered in crumbs and even though I brushed the table off in front of the waitress, she never scraped the crumbs between courses or when clearing the table like they do in a lot of "better" restaurants.  For the money I really expected better food and slightly more from the service.
4	The steak & lobster dinner was awesome! I also had a bite of the bacon wrapped scallops, excellent.Great service with a fine dinning atmosphere.
4	First stop during Restaurant Week 2012 was Joe's Seafood. The place has an old-school atmosphere and a menu full of classic dishes. And, of course, their specialty... stone crabs. We got an order of stone crabs to start. They're cracked before coming to the table, which makes it easy to dig in and eat. There wasn't a ton of meat, but the meat that was there was tender and succulent. Just don't expect it to be as sweet as king crabs or snow crabs.I dove into the RW menu after that starting with a bowl of stone lobster bisque with plenty of flavor and a slight kick. The tiny bits of celery added a variation in texture that was refreshing. It came in a large bowl that would have been good enough to share. The 8oz filet was lightly seasoned, very tender, and slightly undercooked. The quality of the prime beef was evident, but it lacked the finishing touches that would have made it exceptional.Sides of "Jennie's mashed potatoes" and steamed asparagus were brought for the table. The cheesy and chunky potatoes were a nice variation of the classic side and the breadcrumbs on top were an added bonus. The asparagus were standard. Nothing special, but I guess you have to have some green on your plate, right?For dessert, I went with Joe's signature key lime pie. I love key lime pies in any form, so this one satisfied my craving. It was far from perfect, though. Too tart and a thick and uneven crust... maybe Joe should take hi name off of this dessert. I also tried my wife's dessert -- the peppermint ice cream with hot fudge. Pretty good and had me thinking about candy canes a few months too soon.
5	Fantastic establishment.Start your meal with their stone crab claws. They're the best. Melt in your mouth, butter texture with great flavor. The sauce they serve it with is also excellent.Now entrees. Chilean Sea Bass with a miso glaze. SO GOOD. Cooked perfectly to the point where the sauce caramelizes on the fish. Fish texture is great as well.Dry aged bone-in rib-eye. Pretty bomb piece of steak. I'd say it is my second favorite next to Nick and Stef's. Comes with a dry seasoning composed of salt, pepper, garlic, and corriander. Filet Mignon. I'd stay away from this one. Wasn't that great in my opinion.FINISH YOUR MEAL with the Boston Cream Pie. It is SO GOOD. Take my word for it, the main reason I came back was not the crab claws... it was this slice of heaven. Try it. Love it. Thank me. You're welcome.
5	I have never had a bad meal here.  Always save room for desert as the key lime pie is amazing.Crab cakes are top notch along with the ceviche.
5	This is probobly the fanciest resturant I've ever been to. The was a guy there who sole purpose was to dust the crumbs off your table.The stone crab, which I had never tasted before, was to die for! So easy to eat becasue the shell comes to the table cracked and the mustard-like dipping sauce is a nice addition.I ordered fish for my main dish, which was nice and tasty, but I wish I'd ordered steak because the taste I had of my boyfriends was delish!All the side dishes are served al a cart. Make sure to try the mashed potatoes... HANDS DOWN the most increadable mashed potatoes I've ever eaten! TRUST ME, you wont want to share!Bottom line... If you're looking for a nice place to take the family or go on a date this is your spot.
5	By god this place is good!!  I've been to some off the charts seafood and steak places but WOW this place blew me away!  I came here with a friend and we started off with the ceviche, crab mushrooms and oysters rockafeller and all three were off the charts good.  For the entree we had the rib eye with a baked sweet potato and I swear I could hear my taste  buds singing from joy!  Finally came the key lime pie which was truly the best I have ever had.  To top off the food the service was top notch!  In the end I left with a feeling of euphoria that stayed for hours.  I would totally come back and I would give a serious recommendation for anyone who wants to have a very nice meal while they're in Vegas.  Once again WOW!!
3	The shrimp scampi was a little bland and I had to add salt. The shimps were so big that I got pretty full quick. The bacon wrapped scallops were delish! It was a little pricey, but what do you expect in Vegas.
5	My husband and I favorite restaurant in Vegas. We had a dozen oysters that were sooooo good I wanted a dozen more! But had to save our stomach for the bone in rib eye, stone crab, mac n cheese and Garlic spinach.... Ahhhh Im drooling writing this review... Our waiter was super friendly, very professional with a great sense of humor.  Totally recommend this place to everyone!
5	The bacon wrapped scallops were to die for. I swear, the scallops literally melted in my mouth. It was so good!I also had like three of their bloody marys. The BMs are served with a shrimp and cream cheese stuffed olives...that's why I had like three! lol.I also tried the stone crab, OMG that melted in my mouth too!The restuarant is nice and fancy. I wore a causal dress with flip flops and didn't feel out of place or anything. Staff is super friendly and the food came out quick! Expensive but worth it. Plus you're in Vegas, live it up! :)
4	My husband and I celebrated our 1 year anniversary here. We weren't sure where to eat with all the restaurants in Vegas. It needed to be close to the Bellagio since we had to catch a show and I wanted fish, so we settled on Joe's. There are all sorts of flashy restaurants in Vegas, but what's nice about Joe's is it's classy. It's a classy fish and steak house with great service and food. I had the parmesan halibut and my husband a steak with a shared side of broccolini. I could tell the fish was fresh. The parm was a little overpowering, but I scrapped a bit of it off and it was still quite good. And the steak was melt in your mouth. Did I mention the service? It was great. We had told them it was our anniversary the day before and they treated us to free champagne. Then the waiter and other staff congratulated us. And the server was always there just when we needed him - not to much, not to little. We topped it off with delicious pie. Both the pumpkin and key lime were heavenly. We couldn't decide so they gave us a half slice each - perfect!
4	An excellent meal, you pay for that meal, but it IS excellent.  Make sure to get the larger crab as otherwise you're doing a lot of work for a little bit of payoff.  The Bisque is really amazing.  Bone in Filet isn't something you commonly see, but there's is pretty awesome.
4	I really enjoyed the prime rib (med rare) it was delicious and the also the mashed potatoes are very good. Service is very friendly and the food didn't take too long to get the the table. I would recommend this restaurant to family and friends
4	I took some clients here after hearing about the legendary stone crab claws. Our server Laura was AMAZING, she had great recommendations accommodated some special requests and truly engaged us in the experience setting up jokes for us and finishing jokes we pitched to her. We had an order of stone crab claws and king crab legs for the table to share. Call me crazy but I didn't see what all the fuss is about the stone crab. In our collective opinion the king crab legs were far more delectable than the stone crab. The stone crab was ok, just not as good as the king crab.I had the seafood feast grilled (I hate ruining good seafood with breading) which was really good. Upon Laura's recommendation we had the sweet corn and several other sides. The mushrooms and sweet corn were the best sides in my opinion. And just in case you are afraid of the sweet in sweet corn, the corn itself is sweet but it is grilled and seasoned so you get a perfect balance of sweet and savory. Others at the table ordered the rib eye and a filet, both of which looked like perfectly cooked pieces of meat, and both men reported that his steak was among the best he had ever eaten in his life.This is an expensive meal but the service and the quality of food here justify the price. Come prepared for a luxurious dining experience!
1	Stuffy, snobby wait staff.  Food just so-so.  We will not return.  You would be better off eating Joes Crab Shack.
5	Hubby and I dined here this summer on our annual Vegas adventure!  Although they were busy we were able to score a table "outdoors".   Prices reasonable, drinks generous pour and yummy!   Had a seafood feast, everything was cooked perfectly! Waiter was attentive but not overbearing, just the way we like it!
1	For the last 3 years my brother and I went to Joe's on my birthday. The 1st time it was fabulous, the 2nd time wasn't even close as far as the service and the food, and the 3rd time was a complete disaster. The stone crab appetizer was served with the shells all broken up in the crab itself. Very bad! I ordered a steak and it was just fair. Not up to the prices they are charging. My brother ordered Surf and Turf and the lobster tasted just like the steak. I don't ever send my food back, so if you're wondering why I didn't send the food back it's because after 3 tries I don' want to deal with you any more. You will never see us again!
5	Joe's is one of my favorite stops while in Vegas. It is a must for me. I have been eating at the one in Miami for some time now and I stumbled across it while in Las Vegas many years ago. I can say that I introduced my wife to stone crabs, now one of her favorites. She is French and LOVES shellfish and she was highly impressed. This one actually takes reservations and there isn't a two hour wait like in Miami. What a relief!We always start out with salads and a few appetizers. Where we pig out is with plates of stone crabs! Duh! Their service is amazing and also their steaks are very good. Anything you order here is a good choice but stick to what they are known for and you will not be let down. It does get expensive so be careful what you are ordering!Their service is top notch and you will not be let down by this place.
2	I really don't get the hype of the stone crabs. The taste like any other crab I can get for a fraction of the price elsewhere. The lobster bisque also underhwelmed me. They put this slaw/veggie mixture at the bottom, put LOBSTER! When they use veggies it just gives me the impression they are trying to add filler without the cost to a dish. I also ordered the lamb chops, those had to be taken back. While it was juicy, it was so heavily salted (and I love my salt) I was still tasting the sodium minutes after having a bite. The seafood chopped salad was like the rest of the meal, Meh. I would not come back here, nothing impressed me enough to want to try it again.
5	In heaven every time I step foot in this restaurant. I can't say enough about Joe's Seafood and I can't think of one entree that I haven't loved! Great lunch menu as well and the seafood salad is to die for!
3	The cole slaw was great, so was the fried calamari appetizer. This could be a great place... with my dentist! The crab claws are cold. Their shells aren't just cracked, they are SHATTERED with little bits unavoidably ending up in your teeth and mouth. It makes for a good diet when you're scared to chew the food!
5	Had another fabulous lunch here on our recent trip.  Stone crab claws, seafood salad, and fish and chips were fab.  The mac and cheese was some of the best I've ever had.  Service was wonderful.  Love, love, love.
3	Dined here with a party of 8 people and we were given the special table in the back room.  Great service but oddly the room had a large TV in it.  The stone crabs are very good and the scallops wrapped in bacon was fine.  I'd stay away from the broccoli side dish as it was oddly spiced, but the smashed potatoes were excellent.  I recommend the key lime pie for dessert; definitely the best I've had.
1	Walked out ! Never in my life have I ever done that. The staff, especially the head maitre d' where extremely rude.  We brought a very nice bottle of wine with us and were informed we could not open it. Mind you we were seated with water poured. They did not allow it and no one did on the strip.......um we paid corkage the past three nights at high end places no problem. We had a show to go to and did not have enough time to take the bottle back to our hotel. The lack of costumer service and extreme arrogance for such a high respected place was astonishing. On the web site nothing was stated that you could not bring wine in. Went over to the Old Homestead Steakhouse and they were more than happy to open our wine, had the best prime rib there!Would have given 0 stars but program would not allow.
5	Stone crab season started October 15th and I've already been twice!
4	I recently frequented Joe's with a small group of other Las Vegas' Yelpers right at the start of Stone Crab season.We have a great meal with a really nice server.  Catching Joe's at the start of the season was definitely a good move.  I have been once before and the Stone Crab was not as fresh tasting as it was the night us Yelpers stopped in.I would also like to point out the Alaskan King Crab that the table shared.  Those were some of the most amazing crab legs I have had in a long, long time.  You could tell they were flown in less than 24 hours before and right off the boat.  I was in crab heaven. Lastly, for starters...I'd recommend you get the Seafood Salad. (...and a dirty Goose martini on the rocks with stuffed olives.)  Delicious! ps...stay away if you are on a budget.  You could lose your money on a craps table in Caesars or just throw down and have a great meal at Joe's.
4	Service was first class and the food was very good.  Of course, I had the stone crab!
5	We love Joe's Seafood.  We eat there regularly when we go to Las Vegas, and it never disappoints. The crab bisque is exceptional and the second mortgage on the appetizer menu is a great value. Save room for dessert - the pies are worth it. We don't like to dress up in Las Vegas, so we usually eat in the bar at the tables. Most people in there are eating full dinners, so don't be shy if you feel like you are too casually dressed. They are very welcoming in the bar, and we never have to wait or make a reservation.  Valet is free right outside the restaurant.
5	Beth Danna's pre-event service at Joe's Stone Crab was nothing short of spectacular!  Her responsiveness was incredible.  We had our rehearsal dinner in one of Joe's private rooms and our family was VERY IMPRESSED with not only the food, but the overall service of Joe's Staff. Beth did a great job explaining our options and ensuring all of our requests were handled appropriately.  Thanks to Beth and her staff, the dinner before our Wedding Day was very memorable.  We highly recommned Joe's Stone Crab for special events!
5	Amazing sea food!  Wow!  I felt my Salmon was cooked with love!  The appetizers were killer, had some kind of stuffed mushrooms!  But the best part was dessert!!!!  Geez, if you ever want to go off your diet and fulfill the craving for sweets, got for the banana cream pie!  AMAZING!  By far the best banana cream pie I have ever eaten.  This is a pricey place, I can't lie.  Although I went on someone elses dime so I had a few glasses of wine!  The service was a little off when we first got there.  We waited about 30 minutes for our table, but sat down at the bar tables to have a pre drink.  It took awhile for them to help us, I figured it was because how busy they were.  Once we sat down we got the servers full attention.  I can't wait to go back!
2	Unremarkable.One star for atmosphere, one more for the food. There really is nothing outstanding here and it's expensive. Perhaps upwards of $60 for a ribeye is standard these days, but to me that's a freakin' ripoff.One of my dining companions, who lived in FL for many years and had regularly been to original branch of Joe's in Miami, said this did not stack up. The claws were decently prepared and the mustard sauce for dipping was tasty, but I've been to other similar restaurants that are far better. For $100 per person, including tip with an average of one drink and a dessert split by the entire table of 6, it felt overpriced for what we received.While perhaps a few years ago, before the economy went south, it would seem that the prices being charged were symptomatic of a worthwhile premium for eating at a certain caliber of restaurant here in Las Vegas and simply having to pay the freight in order to do so, it now seems more like desperation borne of a need to squeeze every dollar out of customers in a city that has no real gravitas. Turn up the heat, Las Vegas, you can't be a world class city unless you mind the details and stop charging for the sake of charging. It's just not that cool here.
2	OK, this is a review for their seafood - as I've never eaten steaks there before.I used to love this restaurant. The last time I was in Vegas, I stayed for 3 month - I take a long vacation every year,,, about 2 years ago. I went to Joe's probably 5 times to eat king/stone crabs and shrimps and such. It was amazing. 5 stars back then.This time I have been staying in Vegas for over 2 month already, eating out everyday and night - spending a lot of $$$$. Sadly enough, I have found quality of Vegas restaurant business has gone pretty bad. Maybe it's because of the depression. Maybe they've found easier way to get more money - like night club. Well, whatever the reason was, I decided to go to Joe's to refresh myself,,,, hopefully not to waste money anymore.Service - Outstanding. They are the professionals.Atmosphere - 3 stars as always. Not so special but it is all ok with me.Food - Crabs - Not good anymore. They are pretty much tasteless. I don't know what happened to them. Simply tasteless. Not worth eating it even if it's $5.Ceviche - Terrible. It was amazing last time, tho, this time it was like stuffing out of a cheap seafood taco made by hole in the wall type of place in LA. They don't even use cilantro and red onion. They made it with some sort of salsa. Shrimps and scallops didn't have any flavor. They were just chewy thing without any taste. TERRIBLE.Lobsters - flavorless again. It doesn't even smell like a lobster. Oysters - It is OK. 2 years ago, it was MUCH BETTER, tho.We have to walk away as soon as we finished drinking wines. All we order was just appetizer - ended up paying more than $100 for these small items. I was gonna rate it 3 stars for the service, but no,,,, I have to be honest because I don't want you to be disappointed. Don't get crabs and shrimps this year (they were saying it was very seasonal, fresh, and good. Turned out to be pretty crappy). Maybe next year, they may able to find good seafood. I was looking forward to eating here for a while - so it was VERY disappointing.
5	Whenever I go to Chicago or Vegas, I make a point to eat at Joe's.  They have great steak and seafood, the snow crab and mustard sauce is incredible.  The bone in filet is worth skipping meals to go and eat.  You can't go wrong at Joe's
4	I went to Joe's for the first time on Dec 1, 2012 and it was Ahhhhmazing!!! (Or amazing for the grammar freaks). I ordered the fishermas platter and my guy friend who I went to dinner with ordered the fish and chips; both dishes were delicious! The fishermans platter/plate offered a great variety of items which included cod fillet, calamari, shrimp, and scallops. I had them grill my scallops and fish and boy did they do it just right. The calamari and shrimp I requested to be fried, together they gave me life!!!  I cannot wait to go back here, more so, bring some people and treat them. We also ordered two sides: Mac and cheese (yum) and skillet fried corn (even more yummy). All in all it was worth every sent, a mid pricy place but I was more than satisfied. I'm itching for more as I type. Didnt get around to the desserts but they do offer a nice selection of them. For me, the "sweet" highlight of the meal was when the guy I'd been dating for 5 mos formally asked me to be his girlfriend. Joe's now has a place in my heart and tummy, and without a doubt pocket book :)Go! It's a cool spot, with a lovely ambiance to share with friends, family, or business partners. And if you're concerned about the dress code I saw people there with sneakers on so there you have it.
4	Great atmosphere. Stone Crab is to die for. Excellent Steak selection. Right inside the Caesars Forum Shops at the valet. Very convenient (aside from driving on the strip). Highly recommend!
2	We made a reservation through Open table at 8:30pm on 12/24, and we arrived there early around 7pm hoping they have cancelled booking and can change our reservation sooner.We went in and asked them nicely if they have anything available sooner than 8:30pm.  And that guy responded in a very bad attitude and say no.  So I repeated to ask again and say that is there any chance?  And he suggested "YOU CAN CHOOSE NOT TO COME" What kind of service is that?  And what kind of attitude is that.  After we walked around and my husband suggested to go ask another guy and pretend it's walk-in and they seat us right away.So no tables for people who made reservation and tables for people right away??? I really don't understand.... But the food is very good tho, that's why even after the bad attitude we still ate there
5	Incrtedible food & presentation, fantastic service, amazing ambiance... I loved every second of it! Definitely worth the price!
5	Joe's gets a 5 star for service, price, atmosphere, and food.Came here with a group of 4 around 2pm on a Saturday in mid December. We were welcomed in and seated right away.The service was great and everything we ordered was very good.The steak was cooked perfectly and the sea bass had a delicious miso sauce. The best item was the banana cream pie! Save room for dessert or get one to go! If you normally don't like desserts because you find them too sweet/sugary - this is the dessert for you.They are known for their stone crab claws but I probably wouldn't get it again. It is served cold and I prefer my crab warm. You can't beat the prices for the quality and type of food and service here in Las Vegas.
5	Joe's is known for their stone crab claws, which was really good, but the best part of my meal was the boned ribeye steak. Best steak I've ever had
5	Seafood in Vegas? You can't be serious! Or can you?Joe's is top-of-the-line when it comes to both the food and the service. Our waiter was incredibly attentive. He made sure we had everything we ever wanted or desired, didn't hesitate to offer his recommendations, and was candid about the best food on the menu.I had the John Dory and it was incredible. My wife had the jumbo lump crabcakes which were flavorful and filling. The pecan-topped sweet potato pie was an incredible way to finish our evening. Delicious!We shared an order of stone crab claws and these were easily the highlight of our dining experience. The meat was flavorful and succulent. The accompanying mustard sauce was also superb, not that you need it when eating such fine crab meat.Go for dinner and request to sit in the very back. It's intimate and classy. You should eat here.
5	One of my top places to visit in Vegas....The Stone Crabs and the mustard sauce are amazing ....so amazing they deserve a SHAM WOW!!!!Well we went with a big group of 9 adults and two kids.... We were seated in the private dining room to the very very back... we had the whole room to ourselves and there was a TV to watch the UCLA get demolished that night....Usually we eat at the bar area and this was the first time sitting in the dining room.Service was spot on by the waiter... he gave us some hints at what to was good on the sides for the table and the specials...Well I had the Bone in New York strip Med Rare... it came out nice and juicy...Well worth it and packed with flavor...They waiter also gave me a seasoning mix that they make if i wanted to season my steak a little more then they had..and instead of using the table salt and pepper..This seasoning was good... wish I could get the recipe...For sides we ordered mushrooms.. they were very goodLyonnaise potatoes... just like they should be made... I tried to take more them my fair share... The special side was some corn dish... so good we ordered an extra for the table... well worth it....OOOHH I forgot my BLT Wedge Salad.... this salad had a nice sweet twist that went well with the salty bacon.... a must try for wedge lovers.And for desert... the waiter steered us clear of several of the items... and said their signature desert was the Key lime pie...made with Key limes shipped in from FloridaGreat choice nice and tart and the graham cracker crust was nice and solid...not soggy like others...This place has always been a great place and this experience def made it a 5 star experience!!!
5	Best place to eat on the Strip!I've gone to Joe's several times now and I can safely say that it is the best place to eat on the strip hands down! The restaurant is easy to find, right off the strip. Took a couple of friends here to eat during my last visit to Las Vegas, and the experience yet again was exceptional. Got seated immediately and soon after was introduced to our waitress. Forgot her name but, her hospitality was great! I ordered the stone crab bisque and some crab claws. My friends had the Miso Glazed Seabass and Ribeye Steaks. Everything came out in a timely manner. The food was cooked perfectly and tasted delicious! After our main courses we had some banana cream pie, which was some of the best pie I have ever had in my life!The service was great, the food was delicious, and the prices are very fair. Also, what stood out was that everybody in that restaurant seemed like they enjoyed their job and weren't snobby. Which, in my opinion created a comfortable atmosphere. 5 stars!
5	I never liked eating crab or lobster because I thought it was too much work, but Joe's has changed EVERYTHING. I was so full from the bread basket, oysters, lobster, and stone crabs -- and that was just our appetizers.  We also got the clam chowder, which is tomato based FYI, the seafood salad was a surprising portion and very light.  For my entree, I got the dover's tail special (?).  I might have spelt that wrong but everything was delicious.  So delicious - I didn't have room for dessert which is absolutely ridiculous for me.  Service and food are exceptional -- and it puts quite a dent in your wallet.  Without a doubt worth it.  I would definitely come back to Joe's EVERY time I am in Vegas now.  Next time though, I'll order dessert FIRST.
2	Came here because of the reviews. Had high expectation and we waited about 20 mins to be seated. But honestly the red lobster cooked better seafood. The grilled shrimps were very dry. Our server disappeared after we got our food. Took FOREVER to ask for our bill.
5	I don't drink... (more than one drink at a sitting)I don't gamble...This was the first time I've been to Vegas since...well... before I was 21.I still didn't gamble and I had TWO drinks at the lounge earlier tonight O_OI thought to myself, at first, that Vegas should have decent food right???After a couple days of culinary disappointment, I found myself very glad to have Saturday night dinner be at my place of choice.The bread basket, though cold, was still enjoyable.Appetizer: Crab bisque was delightful; rich, creamy, and filled with chunks of crab.I was thoroughly satisfied.Entree: My 20 oz bone-in rib eye, per James L.'s recommendation, was the piece of culinary delight I had been waiting for since my trip began. I was even lucky enough to have at least two bites of that delicious, creamy steak fat with the crispy edges. I enjoyed the steak so much that I intentionally spilled some steak juices on my shirt so that I could enjoy my steak later that night. Tip: Use the salt seasoning that accompanies the steak very conservatively!Our server offered me a side of bernaise sauce which complimented the steak rather nicely ^_^Dessert: Oh my my...Key Lime Pie is one of my favorite desserts and Joe's is the best I've ever had!The perfectly balanced sweet and sour, lime filling was supported by the most perfectly crumbly graham cracker crust...I moaned so loud that an older couple turned around in shock/abhorrence;I guess they did not deem such pleasured moans appropriate within of confines of the restaurant. My server, Darrel, however, was more than thrilled that we enjoyed our meals.My friend got the "Havanna Dream" which was Joe's rendition of a Tres Leches cake that was almost as orgasmic as my key lime pie.My portion of the bill only added up to about $80ish after tip... :)I was more than happy with what I paid for.From this point on, trips to Vegas will never be complete without a proper meal at Joe's.
3	I want to start off by saying that this is really more of a 3.5 than a straight 3 (Silly Yelp and it's refusal to allow for half-stars...)I really enjoyed our evening at Joe's. I had never had stone crabs, and the claws we ordered were good, and the dipping sauce was completely addictive.I ordered the salmon au poivre, and it was truly lovely. The fish was perfectly cooked, and the fennel and radish salad was refreshing and the perfect complement to the salmon. Other dishes at our table included two filets (perfectly cooked and seasoned) and one liver-and-onions. There's not a lot to be done about the texture, but the flavor of the liver and sauce was nice.We decided on the pan roasted sweet corn, cole slaw, and celery root au gratin for the side dishes. The best part of the corn was all the smokey flavor of grilled corn without all the crap that gets caught in your teeth. The cole slaw is bright and vinegary, something I appreciated since I don't love mayo. The au gratin was a nice change from potato.We concluded our meal with a slice of the signature key lime pie, which had one of the best graham cracker crusts I've ever had. It was a nice meal, and everything was satisfying, so why three stars? Overall, it was a delicious meal, but a few things stuck out. For one, the crabs were great, but I'm not sure I felt like they were worth the $60. The au gratin was definitely under-seasoned, and I suspect that the pie was previously frozen because it certainly seemed frosty in the middle. Our server was nice, but he seemed to be reading from a script at times, and I was a little frustrated in his answers at points. I would consider coming back to Joe's, but there are other places I'd rather try in the meantime.
5	I absolutely love this place. Great seafood and amazing steaks. Haven't had a bad meal yet. They are really busy all the time so make a reservation if going for dinner.
5	I love Joe's. I think I come here every time I go to Vegas. The food and service are just awesome. I've tried several things off the menu, but I love their Ribeye, Filet, Salmon and Mahi. For sides, try their asparagus or the garlic spinach.
4	We've been coming to Joe's Stone Crab for years.  Every menu item is excellent, but a few are worth mentioning.  The stone crabs are fantastic, WHEN IN SEASON.  When they aren't in season, they are frozen, and the decline in quality can't be overstated.  On more than one occasion, we have skipped seafood and had burgers.  The burgers are highly recommend, particularly when you add blue cheese.  They don't always have mac n cheese, but when they do it's a very good representation of this dish.  The shrimp cocktail are huge and the sauce is fantastic.  Good bar, nice beer and liquor selection. For dinner, I recommend reservations.  Even lunch can take awhile at this place due to its popularity.
4	OMG!!! I loved everything I ate and everything I drank. They had stoli elite, so that was a plus. Started off with stone crab claws and king crab legs for our appies. I had the surf and turf, which was so wonderfully delicious! Had to be the BEST filet i've had in a long time, cooked to perfection medium rare. Can't wait till I'm back in Vegas to eat there again!On another note, the staff there that we interacted with were super professional and honest. A table across from us, a rather large party asked our waitress to take a picture of them. She accidently dropped the camera. The manager came right over and offered to reimburse them for the camera without hesitation!Food and service was incredible, this restaurant is definitley worth coming back to.
3	I would really rate our overall experience as 3.5 stars...(Yelp really needs to let us give half star ratings! )We ordered the following: stone crab claws appetizer, rib-eye, petite filet, 1lb grilled lobster tail, with sides of mushroom/spinach/asparagus. Compared to other establishments of this caliber their food was a hit & miss for us that night. The filet was perfectly cooked, but the quality of the rib-eye wasn't that great. It was a little on the chewy & slightly stringy side. The rib-eye at Gallagher's in NY NY hotel was better. The chilled stone crab claws were pleasantly sweet & delicious, but we felt that they were quite overpriced (~$25 for two claws). The 1lb lobster tail was cooked well, but lacked the subtle charred/smokey flavor that I love from a grilled lobster tail. As for the sides of mushroom, asparagus, & spinach...all three were overly salty. They also forgot our bread basket which they immediately remedied as soon as we asked about it. Other than that our server was great (4 stars for service) & we still enjoyed a nice dinner. Our total bill including tip came to $250, but we will be trying other steakhouses/restaurants first before coming back here.
4	Fresh Stone Crabs anyone?In my opinion, this restaurants is excellent and very consistent and I was happy with the quality. The servers are always very professional, and I enjoy to being served by them. I will be coming back here again and highly recommend that you take this restaurant into consideration for your next meal out.
4	We enjoyed lunch here this week and thought our server Trish was very pleasant and  friendly.  We only have one suggestion when ordering the Alaskan King Crab it is automatically served chilled, we recommend that they inform the guest of how it's served by the chef and perhaps offer the option of having it steamed or chilled.  Our preference is served warm, not a big deal, however it's always nice to have a choice.  :)  We'll be back
3	Another great dinner at Joes Stone Crab.  I had the stone crab of course, sauteed spinach with garlic - everything was fresh and perfectly prepared.  Service was impeccable and the place is very comfortable.
5	Fabulous!Came here for dinner with an executive from my company.  Called for reservations on a Tuesday and they only had 5pm or 9pm.  I took the 5pm and we were seated right away in a large comfy booth.Promptly greeted and ordered drinks.  I ordered a Cosmopolitan. Not overly sweet.  In fact, I switched to Riesling when we ordered.We split the salad:CHOPPED LETTUCE, TOMATO, ONION & BLEU CHEESE- $12 .95*Good. Nothing special. I think this was a wedge?STONE CRABS*My first time having stone crabs.  Delicious and full of flavor.  They serve it with a mustard dipping sauce that is creamy and perfect with the crab.KING CRAB LEGS*Fell right out of the shell. Served with melted butter. Again, full of flavor and perfect!I almost ordered scallops but our server advised us to their crab and I'm so glad they did!We were not rushed after dinner and ordered a few more drinks before making our way to the bar.Hopefully next time I will save room for dessert!
4	I would give 5 stars, but on my 5th visit,  the service has gone down the drain,  not as attentive as before... Joe, if you're reading this, you need to improve
4	had their dry-aged bone-in ribeye steak (medium rare) charred on the outside, tender and perfectly cooked inside w/sauteed garlic spinach, green beans, and creamed spinach on the side. did not give 5 stars because i tried my friends regular bone-in ribeye and we couldnt tell the difference between the two, except the price is $15 dollars more for the dry-aged steak..service was excellent and yes i will dine in this restaurant again  :-)
5	Made reservation via Yelp, Open Table. Reservation was for noon but we were there when they opened at 11:30 and they took us in. First time here so our waiter explained the menu and later brought our drinks and an assortment of bread. We ordered the stone crab appetizers. Three select size claws. Very good, tasty with lots of meat on it.I ordered the colossal lump crab cakes and my gf had the fisherman's platter (shrimp, scallops, calamari and cod).We both enjoyed our meals. Service was top notched. We will be back on our next Vegas trip!
4	The food was very good.  We did not have the stone crab but the crab cakes we good.  I don't think you can go wrong with this restaurant but it is a little pricey for just a quick meal.  It is a great place for a special occasion if you do not mind the cost.  It is well worth it though.
5	Unlike many of the new restaurants cropping up all up and down the Strip, Joe's Stone Crab is a no-frills "our food speaks for itself" type of joint.  Joe's Stone Crab to me is like an favorite pair of old leather gloves you put on in the winter and they just fit so snugly and remind of me of those cold Fall days in Minnesota.  It's one of my all-time favorite steakhouses in Las Vegas.  The food is always on point, and the service is impeccable.  Also, it's very reasonably priced compared to some of the other steak places on the Strip.  The decor to me seems like old-school cigar clubs with dark coloring and rich mohagany.  I could see there maybe being a lounge singer back in the day.  They are known for their stone crab claws, which I'm surprisingly not all that into.  I always get the surf and turf with a petite filet and lobster tail and a side of mac n cheese.  I LOVE gourmet mac n cheese and feel that every fancy steakhouse should serve some variation of it.  Everything is always cooked to perfection.  I would recommend Joe's Stone Crab to anyone looking for a romantic spot or just to have a really nice dinner.
4	The crab claws are delicious, but oh my goodness they are expensive. Just like many classic steak houses, this place has good old fashioned service with good, expensive food. Unlike classic steak houses, the dishes at this place are kind of unique and interesting. I had a seafood salad that was very unique with lots of different types of seafood and even hearts of palm. The complimentary bread basket is delicious.
5	Made a reservation here for my birthday dinner. Went here for my birthday dinner. Consumed my birthday dinner. Left my birthday dinner in a state of absolute food bliss.  For an appetizer we of course did have the infamous stone crab which was everything I hoped it would be. Big chunks of crab that dont even need butter. But This place is far more than its namesake stone crab.  I had one of the best steaks I have ever had that night. It had a nice lightly charred layer on the outside and was buttery and tender on the inside. It makes me sad that I cant have it every time I have a steak. For sides I had there butter nut squash which was a bit to sweet for a side but I was warned by the waiter that most people order it as a dessert. For dessert they made me a wonderful birthday brownie sundae that was amazingly decadent. The staff was great. They were friendly and informative. We asked for a nice table that was more secluded when we made our reservation and that is what we got!
5	We had stone crab appetizer, Alaskan King crab legs, Chilean sea bass and Lyonnaise potatoes. The food was excellent and our server was friendly, efficient and made great suggestions.
4	No other crab legs have come anywhere close to the Alaskan King crab legs we had at Joe's. I'm still thinking about them, and that was easily 6 months ago. No, not the stone crab claws they are famous for, but good old Alaskan King crab legs. We started out being seated by a very sweet Maitre D, but he sat us in the back corner, in the outside patio of the restaurant, just separated by a small gate to the Forum Shops. Luckily, the foot traffic was a bit light, so we were able to enjoy dinner with minimal gawking.  Joe's is a traditional seafood/steak house, with high quality food, and high, high prices. But hey, it's Vegas, and why not.  We started off with a bottle of wine, the house bread, and the appetizer order of the stone crab claws.  This is what they are famous for.  The app came with 2 crab claws, and if I remember correctly, the app cost $20. Yeah, that's right, $10 per crab claw.  Was it worth it?  NO. I was not impressed.  I thought they were small, and lacked flavor. Next time, we'll pass.For our entree, we went for a full order of the Alaskan King crab legs.  Initially, we thought that just the crab legs wasn't going to be satisfying enough for the 2 of us, so we ordered 2 sides as well: the decadent mac and cheese, and the pan roasted sweet corn. The crab legs were nothing short of amazing.  Hand cracked at the table by our server, there was minimal work on our part.  No bib, no flying shells, no weird nutcracking utensils.  We easily had about 8 of the thickest crab legs I've ever had and they were delicious.  The sides on the other hand, well, they were so so.  The mac and cheese had much to much cheese and not enough pasta, and lacked flavor.  The sweet corn was served off the cob, tossed in butter.  It was great and a nice contrast to the rich mac and cheese.  I would order that again for sure. Our servers were attentive and sweet, and provided excellent service. I'm dying to go back for the crab legs alone.  You can keep the claws.
5	You can't go wrong at this place!!!  Everytime in Vegas we are here!  The stone crabs are the best I've ever had! It's a little pricy, but everything in Vegas is. But it is worth it! From the wine to the dessert, never had anything bad here.  Service is also great.  The last time we were here was Superbowl weekend and a lot of very intoxicated people were in the restaurant so the normal relaxing atmosphere wasn't there, but I really didn't care...food was still good.
5	We dined here the first night we were in Vegas back in April 2012. I wanted crab and that's all that mattered to me. We didn't have reservations but we were seated right away, out on the balcony so we can people watch as well. The waiter was very sweet and catered to our every needs, even with an infant in tow, he treated her like she was an adult. They brought out the bread bowl, with assorted breads, all different kinds and all so delicious! We were getting full from just the bread! To start, my husband had a glass of red wine and we ordered the oysters rockefeller, they were out of this world! Very filling though! I ordered the colossal crab cakes for my main dish and was surprised it was only two crab cakes, kind of disappointed, but realized after the first bite that it's very filling, all crab meat and not much filler! Just how I like it!!! My side of sweet potatoes and rice was also out of this world! My husband had a french dip sandwich and that was also very delicious! Sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked! What a wonderful place to stop in for a great meal! Great service, great ambiance! We'll be stopping by again! Fine dining food without having to necessarily get dressed up!!!
5	We visited again on our last trip, but this time for lunch, and had an even better experience than the last.  John, our Maitre D, was back again and was his usual funny self.  He sat us inside the main dining area, and there was no wait for lunch on a Saturday.  Call ahead if you know you're heading there and he'll set you up.  On my last visit, the stone crab claws were a bit disappointing, but we tried them again because it was a first for my friends, and this time, they were delicious.  Sweet, tender, and a better deal if you order the select variety with an order of 6 for $45.  Of course I had to get the Alaskan King crab legs, and they did not disappoint.  Lunch prices were $55 for 1 pound as opposed to 1 1/2 pound for $80.  If you want the dinner serving, they're more than happy to give it to you.  Our party tried the ahi tuna sandwich, lobster tail tempura, oysters rockefeller, fried asparagus, sweet corn, and hash brown loaf.   All were delicious, except the hash browns.  I thought they were a bit overdone, and too salty.  They are topped with a ton of caramelized onions which at first sounded perfect, but they were way too oily.  That we wouldn't order again.  We each finished our lunch with half slices of their pies. The flavors on the table were key lime, chocolate peanut butter, havana dream, and another flavor I can't remember.  If you like key lime, theirs won't disappoint.  But we were in absolute awe of the havana dream.  Our waitress described it as a tres leches pie, and it was amazing.  I even considered taking a whole pie home.  It's that good.  Don't be fooled by the "half" slice.  It's actually a very generous size.
5	G approved! My food god. This is the best seafood joint around. The crab stone is a must have!!!! Also the seafood fried platter....get it. Wine was great and the service was excellent.Yea...can't go wrong at all. Prepare for a nap afterwards!
5	Our second Restaurant Week meal was at Joe's Seafood, Prime Steaks and Stone Crab. We had six o'clock reservations and we were seated right away. Service was attentive throughout the meal. Frank ordered off the menu, and our friend and I went with the restaurant week menu for $50.13 and we chose the same items: Bowl of Stone Crab Bisque, Chilean Sea Bass with Jennie's Mashed Potatoes and Sauteed Broccolini and Joe's Signature Key Lime Pie. We started with bisque and calamari ($14.95). Both were excellent! The bisque was smooth as silk and the veggies had a nice bite. It'd only be better with more crab. Because everything is better with MORE crab. The calamari was tender and lightly breaded, and the cocktail sauce had a satisfying kick from the horseradish. After we gobbled that up, the real feast began. We dug into large crab claws ($59.95), seabass with bok choy, mushroom mac n cheese ($9.95), mashed potatoes and sauteed broccolini. It was all delicious! The claws are always out of this world. I generally prefer a hard sear on fish but this miso glaze was wonderful - a pleasant blend of sweet and salty. We were already stuffed, but we still had dessert to come. Frank looked over the menu and chose the Peanut Butter Pie with hot fudge ($7.95). That thing was a monster! It was rich, decadent and positively sinful. He could not finish it. We tried to help, but the PB pie won. The key lime pie was light and refreshing. It hit the spot!I think I can safely say that Joe's is my favorite chain. They do it right! The Restaurant Week menu provided an opportunity to try something other than crab and the fish was indeed was stellar. The RW three courses were offered at considerable savings too. You save about $25, and $5 goes to Three Square for each meal ordered.
5	I have been to Morton's, Ruth Chris, Mastro's, Flemings and a few other premier steakhouse chains.  Joe's is always a step above.  As usual, their boneless were flawlessly prepared with perfect flavor, generous sides, and seamless service.  They also provided a birthday
5	Had a great meal ! Our server ? Abra ? Was great ! Nice breadbasket and cocktail menu; Parmesan crusted flounder was great and the misses had the lobster tempura; salad and sides rounded out a lovely experience !
2	I don't see how this place is 4 stars.I started off with the stone crab bisque. It was quite tasty, so I expected everything else to be good as well, but it wasn't.I had the grilled fisherman's platter. Getting a dish like this tells you alot about the quality of their seafood. There's no sauces, seasonings, or extra flavors to hide behind. Just cooked fish and maybe a little butter and lemon. Well, it wasn't good, the seafood wasn't fresh, and it wasn't properly cooked either.Onto the roasted chicken. Yeah I know it's a seafood place, but hey, a good restaurant should have good dishes all around. It wasn't a good dish and this is not a good restaurant. Somehow it was dry and greasy at the same time.Service was pretty excellent, but the food was a letdown.
1	I have never experienced racism until I went to Joe's Prime Steak and Stone Crab.  My husband, a friend, and myself were staying at Caesar's Palace (CP) and decided to have a late dinner at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab.  The host told us they were about to close and not taking anymore customers.  When we looked back to the restaurant, the host sat a white family.  My husband and his friend are both Hispanic and I'm Filipino.  We were appropriately dressed (better dressed than the white family that was seated).   We complained to the CP management and they mildly apologized.  I will never stay at CP and will strongly discourage friends and family from eating at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab.
1	I cannot believe this place is called Joe's stone crab just like the one in Miami ? It has absolutely nothing to do with the original one, I have been more than 30 times to the original in miami and the only thing I can say is that the one in las vegas is horrible in every way, for example In vegas the clam chowder was not only cold but we had to return it because it tasted like dirty laundry, then we ordered the wedge salad where in miami they bring you a huge portion witch most of times you have to share because it is so big, in vegas they brought me a 1/3 of a half, i returned it telling them that there most be a mistake on the portion, 10 minutes later they brought me the exact same portion telling me that in vegas is a different portion, then we ordered the stone crabs, incredibly they didn't had the most common size witch is the large and told us that they only had the jumbos that were priced about $ 85dls per order,  20 minutes later another person came and told me that they had ran out of the jumbo's but now suddenly they had the large ! so we ordered the large, it was not surprised that when the stone crabs came they were frozen and not good at all,  a fresh stone crab should not stick to the shell and this ones were a disgrace for what they charge, the sweet potato fries are completely different as well, and the signature key lime pie is also not made the same way and tasted nothing like the original. If you plan to go to Joe's Do not consider by any means to go to the one in Vegas, It has nothing to do with the original in Miami,  I keep asking me why would they change a great menu like the one in Miami to make a worst one? please some one tell me ! they should be ashamed to be called Joes stone crab.
4	Pretty good really.Had the 22oz lobster tail and garlic creamed spinach.  Good stuff and well worth the price.Service was a little uneven but not bad.I'd go back again.
5	Tough to fault anything here. The service is perfect, very friendly, professional and not over bearing. We had the Fisherman's Platter. Sooooo good. Table made cole slaw also great.If fun to eat great food, have professional service and not feel rushed. Would give more stars if I could.
5	1st meal @ Joe's was on Christmas Eve 2012 Hands down one of the best dining experiences we have had.  The service is topnotch to say the least. The meal from start to finish was just wonderful. We had a party of six and everyone at the table loved their meals.  2nd Meal @ Joe's was on the 22nd of March 2013.This time around we didn't have reservations but it wasn't a problem getting a table.  The place was very busy... but again... no issues on the seating.  Same fantastic service we experienced over Christmas.  The staff go out of their way to provide quality service. I had the Alaskan King Crab and Fillet  (AMAZING) and my wife had the giant crab cakes.... she loved them. A couple of sides and desert... wow what a great meal! If you are in Vegas...and you want to have an enjoyable dining experience where the food and service are exceptional... dine at Joe's.We will be back soon.Frank
5	Fantastic meal everytime. Whenever I go to Vegas, this restaurant is always on my list. Lobster, King Crab, Stone Crab, and Chopped Salad are a must have. You will not regret.
4	It was very good but not excellent - they did not have the biggest sizes of claws so it was a bit disappointing. I'd call ahead next time.  Also, they tried to recommend some other type of crab claw (but the name on the outside says 'Stone Crab' ...).
4	Joe's Prime Steaks and Stone Crab in the new Forum Shops in Caesar's Palace is awesome!The stone crab is incredible! We ordered 4 large for two people and they were fresh! The sauce on the side is really good on the crab meat.  But they are good on their own as well.  All of our dishes were extraordinary. The seafood is fresh and the prime steaks are delectable. For appetizers we had Shrimp De Jonghe (Extra large shrimp roasted in seasonings) , Fried fisherman's platter (enough for 2 but too much for one) and Caesar's Salad. Dinner was even better. PROS:  Stone Crab (Large)Bone in Filet  (mouthwateringTempura Fried Lobster Tails (came with 2 tails dipped in a very light tempura batter served with a sweet sauce). Ribeye SteakPeanut butter cheesecake with chocolate sauce and crust. If you are torn between seafood and steak, Joe's is your place for both. If you drive to Caesar's Palace there is valet parking right at the front door of Joe's from the new Forum Shop entrance. If you are taking a cab, tell the driver to drop you off there or you will walk a long way from the Forum Shop entrance by the casino.The location is in the newest wing of the Forum Shops. They have patio seating (inside the mall) and a huge beautiful restuarant with dark woods giving it a classic contemporary look. I reccomend sitting on the patio for great people watching.
4	Pricey, but the crab cakes and stuffed mushrooms are toooo dieeee forrrrr.
2	Stale bread, bland sword fish, slow service. On the up side, the crabs were nice. Our best dish of the night was the brocolini. Which isn't saying much about the restaurant.
4	Wonderful ambience, good service and great food. Because of its great location on the strip..its always busy and can be a little bit noisy. But so are most of the good restaurants on the strip especially when there is a big convention in town.
5	I booked Joe's for a bachelor party dinner, and it was the most amazing meal of my life.  We ended up getting a private dining room and our server, John, took very good care of us.I got the 12oz filet, and it was spectacular.  One of the best steaks I've ever had, and at a very reasonable price.  I also had a crab claw, hashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and sweet corn.  All excellent, but definitely try the corn.I don't know when I will have a chance to make it to Vegas next, but I know that I will always have to plan a dinner for Joe's when I'm there.
5	I have been interested in Joe's for years but never have made it there until my most recent trip to Vegas.We did a late lunch on a Sunday and were presented the lunch menu as it was around 3 pm. I asked about the lunch special that I had read about before, and our server Greta informed us of the two options of tenderloin or king crab legs. We ordered one of each, and I couldn't wait for some claws. Greta told us that there were only jumbos available, $75 for 3 was just too much for me.We did the 3 course lunch and it was phenomenal, possibly the best meal I have ever enjoyed! I had the king crab with lyonnaise potatoes and roasted corn. My sweetheart had the tenderloin with the Jennie's special potatoes. The lunches came with pie that we took back to the room but it didn't survive the night unfortunately. The service from Greta and team was right on the money. All this awesome food with a tequila and grapefruit type specialty drink and a soda came in under $70! Can't wait to go back again!!!!!!
5	Best place to get seafood in Vegas.
4	Not as good as the original in Miami but the food is still good. The jumbo stone crabs, hash browns, and key lime pie are the best.
5	The atomsphere and food are amazing here! Old school waiters that put customer service 1st. The bone in Filet Mignon is so tender that you do not need a knife. The wine selection is great. Don't forget to get an order of the Stone Crab.
5	My husband and I spent the weekend in Las Vegas to celebrate my birthday. I was stressing over which restaurant to go to for my birthday dinner (as there are hundreds to try!) and decided to try Joe's based on some recommendations by coworkers as well as a few Yelp reviews. I have to say I am super pleased with our choice!The staff was very friendly and attentive. We ordered the Stone Crab appetizer, which was delicious! I had the petite filet mignon with brocolini and my husband had the Caesar salad with grilled chicken. OMG! The filet melted in my mouth like butter! My husband was slightly annoyed as he went with the salad figuring that I would not eat most of my meal and was a bit miffed that I left him with 1 bite of the steak! The waiter surprised me with a scrumptious looking brownie sundae with a lit candle. The brownie did not disappoint! It was fabulous! The chocolate sauce was rich and warm, the brownie was soft and warm and the vanilla ice cream was the perfect offset to the chocolate.All in all, I could not have had a better birthday dinner experience. The food was FABULOUS, the service was great, the atmosphere was nice.......it was a perfect meal! For those worried about the price, we spent $150 total (including tip) for the 2 of us. In addition to the appetizer, steak, entree salad and vegetable side, I had 2 glasses of wine and my husband had a bottled IPA. If we go back to LV anytime soon, we will be going back to Joe's!
5	I was a 1st timer here in Las Vegas, came for my cousins wedding last weekend.There was a big group of us and on our 1st night we decided to eat at "Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab". The food was amazingly great! Despite the bill coming to a grand total of almost $1000 it was well worth every penny!One person in our group ordered 5 King Crab Legs which were $100 each, myself ordered the Lobster Tail Tempura, which was so yummy! The service was beyond excellent and our server was great as well, im sure he enjoyed his gratuity!The next time im in Vegas I will definitely be coming back to this establishment!
5	Couldn't be better. Enough said!
5	Love love this restaurant. Is casual enough that u can dress down but still have a feeling of a fine dining food is excellent and the service is outstanding. Crab cake is my fave!!! Can't wait to go back - yes I've been here more than 5x!!
4	Food is not too bad at all. bit pricey but it is a fancy place. stone crab claws was excellent. the menu was great. Just as you would go to a fancy steak house in nyc.service was excellent as well.
4	By far one of my fav dining establishments in Vegas.  I come here every time I'm in town.  Real nice place without being over pretentious.  Its pretty casual spot but id suggest dressin up a lil.Great friendly service, and in beautiful dining room.  Prices are standard for the quality food you're getting.  Def try the Ribeye, its worth the 50 bux.  We also had spinach side which was solid as well.  Also, key lime pie is delicious if you still have room to eat.  Overall, had great time here.  Prices were not out of control.  Def must stop by if in Vegas.
5	This place was amazing. The food was up to par with the service and their bread was amazing. Reserved early to get a a booth and we were given what we asked. The Drinks were amazing as well. Would love to go back!
5	I eat at Joe's at least one night when I'm in Vegas.  This remains one of the best steakhouses in the country. The Bone-in Fillet is always great and on this particular night it was exceptionally so.  I want to make special mention of Patrick our server - we always ask for him and his humor and attentiveness makes the night special.  Thanks also to our Maitre D , who accommodated us,  adjusting our reservation at the last minute and ensured we received Patrick as our server on this very busy "Fight Weekend".  If I could give Joe's six stars I would!
5	I had an amazing time at Joe's. We were seated right away at our reservation time and greeted by our awesome waiter. The staff is very attentive and my date and I never felt neglected. I had the petite filet mignon and crab legs and it was awesome! My date had the ribeye and he loved it. The seasoning that they provide on the side was great on my filet mignon. We ordered the four cheese mac and cheese and the broccolini, both were mouth watering! Overall great experience and excellent food. Would recommend when visiting Las Vegas!
5	This place  is great.Great steaks seafood as well dessertsTry the seafood salad for lighter meal ...excellentGreat value for the money
3	Very fair.  Went with waiter's recs & shouldn't have. Joe's in Florida so much better.
4	Amazing service and delicious banana cream pie. The pie is so worth coming here. Had the seaa bass with miso but too sweet for my taste. Stone crab was ok.
5	Been here several times... Awesome place for lunch and I should add omg the hash potatoes ...
4	My wife and I ate here this past weekend. It was quite possibly, the best steak that I have had in many years. It was cooked perfectly and was tender, juicy and flavorful. My wife, on the other hand, had a somewhat mixed experience, with the stone crabs. They were very good, but they had "over" cracked them. There were minute pieces of shell, that had been embedded in the meat, making every bite, an adventure. Other tahn that, she enjoyed them. We laso shared a chopped salad and the mac and cheese, and finished with the key lime pie. All in all, a very enjoyable meal.
4	I would call it a 4.5 star. It's not quite a five star restaurant but it's close. Table was ready at the exact time of our reservation which is always nice.  Great waiter and fabulous bus boy.  Service was quick but not rushed feeling. Prices are reasonable for what you get. We had the jumbo stone crab and enjoyed them. Very meaty and easy to eat. We also had a few side dishes. Asparagus and hash browns with grilled onions were both excellent.  Nice wine list as well.
3	Maybe it was the fact it was lunch, or that I kept weighing it with the location in Miami... or maybe that it was so crowded and there was an accident (someone dropped a glass that shattered while moving around the crowded outer patio seating... but I didnt enjoy it as much as I would have had.  The food was good, by all means, but maybe it wasnt the day I should've gone.
5	I love this restaurant.  The food is always good and they serve a very generous martini!  It's pricey, but worth it.  The menu has something for everyone, and that makes it hard to decide what to order!  I had the lobster and filet my last visit and it was delicious.  Can't wait to go back!
4	I came to a sudden realization as I was enjoying my first highly-anticipated, eagerly awaited meal at Joe's - I don't like crab as much as I thought I did.  By the time I was 1/2 way through the huge king crab legs and the rock crab claws, I had enough.  Both were really good but I reached a point where I lost the savory satisfaction and just wanted to finish it because it was so expensive.  Don't get me wrong, the first bite of the meaty king crab legs was exquisite but in the middle of the second leg, I think I was done.  The rock crab legs are a lot firmer than I expected (like it had been frozen) but it was also tasty.  I thought the king crab legs were better though.  The mustard sauce is not as good as it is made out to be.  It was really disappointing so I stuck with the drawn butter.  The service was excellent.
4	A group of 10 of us came here for dinner during the week on a last-minute reservation.  They were very accommodating. Ambience in the dining room is nice but nothing special.Appetizers: We had crab, oysters and calamari at the table.  I didn't eat the first two (not my thing) but others said crab was good, not mind-blowing.  The calamari was fantastic, no chewiness and cocktail sauce was great.  Main course:  I had grilled halibut steak, which was absolutely kickass; cooked perfectly, seasoned perfectly, and HUGE. I could barely eat half of it.  Others had parmesan halibut (she loved it) Mahi (he liked it very much) and steak (she loved it). Sides:  Everything here shined.  Roasted corn was BOMB, green beans were perfect, and their signature mashed taters with crunchy topping were great.  Why I don't make my mashed potatoes with a crunchy topping I don't know. Dessert:  we each had a few bites of their tres-leches-like cake (not sure what the actual name was) with a caramel sauce on top which I could've eaten two servings of.  We also tried their key lime pie, which was good, but not out-of-this-world or anything.Overall, very good experience and I would definitely go back!
5	I would pay a kings ransom for those stone crab claws. The sauce is addicting. I had the fried chicken and it was awesome. Juicy and crispy. Plus at $21 for a huge plate of pieces, it was worth it. Our steak was awesome too.
5	LOVE this place. Many times it's hard to justify an expensive night out. Especially if you get subpar food and service. Joe's is worth every penny every time. Great food and great service. One of my favorite items here is the Madagascar Shrimp. This is a large (and I mean large) grilled shrimp and they have a delicious key lime ailoi sauce. This sauce with the shrimp is heavenly. That is until you try the Stone Crab and Joes 'secret' mustard sauce. This is one of the best combinations ever.The only thing I would say is make sure you get the 'Stone Crab' and not the 'Rock Crab' they tried to tell us it was the same thing and it's not. Besides that everything else we've tried is also good.Make sure you call ahead or use open table to get reservations. This place is always packed and that is for a reason. They are one of the best restaurants in the country.
4	I came here expecting Joe's Crab Shack (you know that crappy chain).  My expectations were extremely low.  Their stone crab offering was pitiful I guess.  From San Diego, I can goto the docks and pickup stone crab for $2.50 per stone crab, and I eat the whole thing (not just the big claw).  Here they were essentially charging $5 per claw, and that's it.  So ignoring the ridiculous stone crab, we ate this family style.  We came with a party of 10.  We ordered a few 24oz dry aged rib eyes which were very tasty.  They pre-sliced them into strips for us which was great for sharing. We ordered enough King Crab legs for everyone to get a leg and some knuckles.  We ordered pretty much 1 of every side, along with some pork belly, shrimps and scallops.  We made quite a dent.  Someone had gotten lucky at the tables and paid for dinner, but I'm going to guess we spent about $100/head, and the food was great and we all left extremely stuffed. They comped us some free spring onions, which were also pretty tasty :)From everything we tried, I'd definitely recommend the dry aged rib eye (although you can get good steak almost everywhere on the strip these days.. I'm not gonna lie and say their steak was better than what you could have gotten at CraftSteak, Carnevino, Cut, Delmonico, Prime, etc...) and the king crab was good.  For the sides, I wasn't a huge fan of the fried asparagus, but I did enjoy the spring onions and broccolini. I guess this place would be close to a 3.5 to me, but I'm bumping it up because I had a great time.
4	I'd say this place is a 3.5 but i guess i'll round up.The service was excellent and so was the food.Overall the seafood was fresh and I would imagine most everything on the menu would be a safe bet.  Personally i'd avoid the non seafood items since this place is called Joe's SEAFOOD Prime Steak & Stone Crab.We just ordered a single large crab claw to try it (it's really pricey like 5-7 bucks for one claw).   I have to say that it was delicious though, and it makes me wish I was rich and could just order a giant tub of the claws and go to town.  :P
5	The steak was perfect and I highly recommend the potatoes for sharing. They are so cheesy and delicious you might want them all for yourself though!
4	Requested and were given "patio" dining though this year the restaurant was not too busy.Started with the very good bread basket.  Had a Caesar salad which was typically good though not great.For entree's my wife had the fish taco's and thought they were exceptional.  I had the bone in Filet medium rare and really thought it was good.  I don't find this cut anywhere else so I look forward to it and wasn't disappointed.  We had the mashed potatoes as well.  They were good but not special.Service was very good.
4	ProsKing Crab legs were really great. They crack them at the table for you and one order is a lot so I would share between 2 people. Very meaty. It's served cold which was different than what I'm used to, but it was still great. It says market price but it was $79 last night and I couldn't tell you the poundage, but we also ordered scallops, shrimp cocktail and a cup of soup, all to share, and couldn't finish the crab! The scallops were very delicate and melt in your mouth yummy. One did have some sand in it, crunch crunch, but I guess that's expected sometimes. The lobster bisque was delish! We shared it, it's very rich but yummy. Would be awesome on a rainy day (still good with 115 degrees outside) If there has to be a con... The shrimp cocktail was really really good.., but each shrimp is basically $4 each! But fresh, cold and meaty. Haha funny I'm ok spending $80 on crab but not $16 for shrimp. Maybe I watch too many Gordon Ramsay shows, but I agree that the tuxedo attire for wait staff is a little funeral home. Our server was super sweet and very great at her job though. A little stuffy overall but elegant. Service was fast and friendly, we would go back if we're wanting great seafood and paying for it ($140 before a tip for 1 soup, 1 shrimp cocktail, 1 order scallops, 1 order king crab legs) the bread basket was amazing too!! Carb heaven!
5	This might be the tastiest meal of 2013 for me. The crab was amazing, but it was the steak that stole the show. It's expensive ($100+/person) but was worth it.24 oz. Bone-in Dry Aged Rib Eye If you don't order a steak, then you are missing out on something I can't quite describe. Life changing? Emotionally fulfilling? Scrumptious? Yeppers.  It was cooked to exactly medium rare. I think this is has to be the best cut there too. Rock CrabIt was great. To be honest, I'm not sure if I've ever had bad crab. We got the jumbo 3 piece to share, which was a good option to taste without fully committing your entree to seafood.For sides, we had broccolini and lyonnaise. Nothing special with the broccolini, and the lyonnaise was better than I expected. We had so much other food, so we left most of these sides behind.Malbec recommended if your informed enough to order a steak.
5	BOMB.comBest stone crab - period.Seafood soup is awesomeClam chowder is reach and creamyOysters on the half are sweet, served with an incredible vinegar dipping sauce.Salads are large portioned and well dressed.
4	Awwww this was a great place to stop and have lunch after a day of shopping.  Best Louie salad I've ever had.  YUM YUM YUM!!!  Unfortunately I want in the mood to crack open crab legs so I picked the Louie salad instead.  Check them out if you're in the area and need to rest after shopping.
5	For my last couple of trips to Vegas, I've always had Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab on my list to visit, but it would somehow always get forgotten about.  Because a lot of my friends have tried it and have had said nothing but great things about their Stone Crab Claws, I totally made it a priority to dine there during my last trip.I stopped over for lunch right when it opened and was the first to get seated on their patio.  The waiter mentioned to me that they had all sizes of the Stone Crab Claws available so that was good to hear.  Basically you somewhat get the same amount of meat no matter what size you choose. But the main difference is the bigger the claw size, the easier it is to  remove the cracked shells.  I was really tempted to get their Colossal Claw, but it was a little out of my price range so I went with the Large Size.Large Stone Crab Claws -- http://bit.ly/11duGumHoly moly those Stone Crab Claws were so good!!!  They had a nice sweet flavor to them and were very moist.  I think what made them even better was their house aioli sauce.  I was in Stone Crab bliss with every bite!They also offer you a huge complimentary basket of different breads to go with your meal.  Though the claws alone were well enough for me.I'll have to come back here again for another round of Stone Crab Claws, and also try their steaks which I've heard are also really good.  Now I know what I've been missing out on and I'm glad I was finally able to try it!
4	I'd say my group ordered almost everything on the menu!  We walked out of there stuffed to the max that our stomachs were hurting.Our dinner started out with complimentary bread, which came in different types.  They were delicious.  We ordered other items such as Roasted Sweet Corn (bomb!), hash browns (can never go wrong w/ potatoes), Lyonnaise (bomb!), four cheese mac & cheese (okay), stone crab (I like seafood, but not a huge fan of this).  I also ordered the shrimp and scallop ceviche because I love ceviches, but I wasn't sure if I should order it because they only taste good by authentic Mexican restaurants.  But because it was a fancy restaurant I went for it.  In the end, I was disappointed...never again.  The shrimp and scallop tasted like shrimp and scallop alright.  It had a hint of lemon on it and lame junk.  They made it worse by serving it with the cheap salt crackers!  What happened to the tostatas?? Fail
2	Food: good. Burnt corn and potatoes are stars.Service: Make sure to pack a 5 hr energy cuz you need it to stay awake at the rate the service is here.
4	Best stone crab in the US? Probably. I have had crab a lot of places and never been disappointed with Joe's. It a great place for a group meal in Las Vegas, order a bunch of food and pass and share. Excellent service both times I have been here. They have great combo platters for a starter be sure to give it a try. I can't comment on the steaks or other foods because why would you bother if your at Joe's....have the damm crab. :)
5	This was such a wonderful experience...I am not sure where to begin.The wine. When your server recommends starting with a bottle of wine, he's not trying to call you lush. He just knows what's best. The wine selection is vast. We split a bottle of some kind of merlot. I am not a wine person and I cannot quite remember what it was called, but I do remember what the label looked like. Point being: the bottle was worth it. Especially since we were at a different restaurant the night before we ended up getting two glasses each and it cost more than the price of that fine bottle.The food. I had the oscar-style filet mignon and he had the rib-eye. Mine was so good, he did not get to taste the magical surf and turf on my plate. But, I snuck a taste of the rib-eye and almost cried. I couldn't believe it. It was so yummy. We split the ginormous baked-potato for a side and the peanut butter pie for dessert. The pie was like a Reese's Peanut Butter cup on steroids with whipped cream. ::drool::The restaurant itself was like eating at your rich friend's mansion's dining room except with a bunch of strangers. The lighting was dim, but inviting. The walls had pictures of old people and sports teams and boats. I think we had the best seat in the house cuz the table opened up to the whole room, but the booth that we were in was spaced out from the rest of the booths around the room where you actually get to sit next to your honey and have a private, silly conversation. This place was nice and I want to go back again. You know, or go to the one in Chicago.
4	My boyfriend and I came here for a fancy dinner while in Vegas. We made reservations a few days in advance and were seated within 5 minutes once we got to the restaurant. This is a pretty fancy restaurant, but it was well deserved for both of us!I ordered the Stone Crabs, Red Wine and my boyfriend and I split the Corn and Mashed Potatoes. My boyfriend ordered the Steak. I LOVED my Crabs. Oh my goodness, so good! Melt in your mouth good to be exact! The Corn was equally as good, where as the Mashed Potatoes fell below par. My Wine was great too. My boyfriend said his Steak wasn't as good as he hoped, considering how much he paid for it. The staff where wonderful and helpful. They made me feel comfortable as I made a mess while eating my Crab! Thanks for that Joe's Staff!! Overall, I loved this place! I would come back here again if we are willing to drop 200+ bucks for dinner. Cheers!!
5	Love this Place!...We came her for our anniversary, Phenomenal Customer Service!! The Whole Staff was great  and our server Troy was Amazing. Even though the place was really busy we felt well taken care of and comfortable. I asked him what type of wine he recommended, he didn't just pop off the wine specials, but he asked me questions about what I like then recommended the best wine I have ever had. He came back and checked on us at the perfect times (not when we had a mouth full of food or were in deep conversation)  Its very rare to find such great customer service... Thank you Troy for making us feel at home and making great recommendations. We will go back and visit you for sure when we are in town again.
4	Very good service. The food Is good. Their's a lunch special menu which you can ask for with reasonable prices.  Wine very good, bread excellent. You need to have a large  bankroll to really enjoy. Stone crabs are great , crab cakes great. Deserts good.
5	Excellent food, excellent service! I came here for lunch with my mom for her birthday and we both enjoyed the whole experience.  Both the service and food were excellent! The great service started even before we stepped in the restaurant.  I changed my reservation twice and showed up early, but the host was so nice and made a joke about it and seated us right away.  And our waiter was sooo nice and patient.  Being our first time here, the waiter took his time and patiently answered our questions and recommended what to order.  It took us fooorever to look at the menu and order.  But the waiter was so nice -- he kept checking up on us to make sure we are ready to order without rushing us.We ordered family style, 4 large rock crab claws and a seafood chopped salad.  They split the salad without extra charge and made each plate look very nice.  Anyway, on with the food:(Actually, before the main dishes: The complimentary bread basket -- so fresh and addicting that I had to control myself from eating too much of it so I have room for the actual meal!)Rock crab claws:  Wow, I loved it! So fresh, sweet and juicy! I guess this place isn't famous for its claws for nothing! Each claw was huge and had so much meat and I think 2 claws per person is the perfect amount.  And they go perfectly with Joe's mustard sauce. It's so worth the $$! Seafood chopped salad:  Delicious salad! All the seafood - lobster, crab, shrimp - in the salad are also sooo fresh and sweet. It was so light yet so satisfying!And because we were too full we didn't order dessert, but the waiter surprised us with a complimentary dessert -- brownies and ice cream!  And yes, we made room for dessert and it was a great way to finish a wonderful meal!Overall, it was a fantastic experience.  Can't wait to go back again next time I'm in Vegas!
2	Food was 3 stars, service was 1 star; so 2 stars it is! Terrible service courtesy of our server Monica. If I am at a "nice" restaurant, I expect to be treated "nicely." We thought our server was just having a bad day, until we watched her interact with other tables. She was very chipper and helpful to everyone else. She didn't ask us if we had any questions, she never brought the straw we asked for, she did not bring us hot towels and lemon after we had stone crab. I don't know if she treated us this way because we looked kind of scrubby and young? That doesn't mean we don't know how to tip, lady... In fact, we still tipped 11%, which is much lower than we usually do, but much higher than I thought she deserved. Food was meh. Has anyone that has given this place over 3 stars BEEN to the original Joes in Miami?? Why would they even try to tell you it's almost the same thing as the one in Miami. Not even close. I had the best restaurant experience I've ever had in my life at Joes in Miami. Best service, best food, best everything! They didn't have the large stone crabs. From some other low star reviews I'm understanding they often don't have them. Don't even put them on the menu then... Also the lobster bisque was oddly sweet. I wanted the lobster hash I got in Miami but the only thing they had that was similar was the big daddy hash (not on the menu - hash with onions bacon and cheese). It was okay. The fried chicken was also alright, but not worth twenty dollars. It's only seven dollars in Miami and way better. Didn't get drinks because we were about to drive to LA and kind of hungover. The only thing I like about Joes Vegas vs Joes Miami is that Vegas has cocktails and liquor - Miami only has wine. I wouldn't recommend this place. There are PLENTY of other better restaurants on the strip to blow your money at. But definitely check out the Joes in Miami if you ever can. My favorite restaurant ever
5	Very good.. wasnt the best steak but the stone crab was very good.service was awesome
5	Wow! This place was top notch! A friend referred it to me. I am so glad that she did. We had the large stone crab claws, stuffed mushrooms, seafood chopped salad, fish tacos, potatoes lyonaise, fried calamari and everything was so fresh and perfected! The bread basket is awesome too!  I can't wait to go back next time I'm in Vegas. I loved it! Delicious! The special honey mustard sauce for the claws if off the hook!
2	I had dinner last month at Joe's in Miami, and dinner at Joe's in Vegas a week ago.Miami Joe's is still very good, but Vegas Joe's is going downhill. Food was dull and uninspired.Plus my dinner companion's seabass entree came out halibut.The waiter did his best to make up for the mix-up, but something like that just shouldn't happen at a restaurant with Joe's history and pedigree.Say it ain't so, Joe.
5	the 20oz. dry aged ribeye cooked med. rare was so good, they offer the 24oz. as well which I also tried but I think it cooks differently when you ask for it med. rare cause i guess the cut is thicker and with the bone in you would just have to cook it a little more for the flavors of it to come out. (Good tip that I got from my friend Holly) Best sweet potato fries in town, kusshi oysters and jumbo shrimp cocktails are great for starters. Havana dream pies and chocolate fudge pies are always a treat for dessert. the apple pie a la mode's crust is awesome but the apples are usually on the bland side. trust me all the pies are a treat just chose one to your liking. for service, they always greet you with a smile and Linda and Joey are the best servers, they're really awesome, sit with Linda if you want the most sweet and charming British lady and Joey if you want a down to earth no hassle good ol city Joe. I hope this helps. Enjoy!
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas.  I have eaten here on several occasions and I am always extremely happy with the food and service.  On our last visit my husband and I both ordered the special, Alaskan King crag legs and all I have to say is wow!  The crab legs were the biggest I have ever seen in my life and we could not even finish them all.  We also ordered the crab bisque and it is amazing!  I absolutely love this place and will always make an effort to dine here while in Vegas.
5	I don't think I can eat another Alaskan King Crab Leg unless it is on par with Joe's quality. Seriously, my husband and I had dinner here 2 weeks ago and we are STILL talking about the amazing crab meat. My husband started with the Crab Bisque and it was the best Crab Bisque we have ever had.  There were beautiful chunks of crab nestled at the bottom of the bowl as our waiter poured the rich and decadent soup over it.  I started with a half dozen of Oysters on the had shell and it tasted fresh and perfectly briny with a clean finish.  We also shared the Chopped Salad. It's not your average chopped salad- it is packed full of a variety of fresh veggies and topped with a delicious vinaigrette.  I could have eaten these starters alone and be happy with my meal.  But, then the jumbo Alaskan King Crab Legs came to the table.  It was beautiful. It was a bit pricey at $79 but my husband and I were practically moaning after every sweet bite.  And it was huge and so much crab meat. So. Much. I don't think every strip  buffet's crab legs combined can even match the amount that was in the crab we were served.  It was first presented on a beautiful platter and then perfectly cracked open by our server, leaving us perfect thick sweet whole portions of crab meat.  Dip it in some warm clarified butter and you will be speechless.  Speech. Less. We also ordered the last order of the "Select" Stone Crabs.  Just because it is in its name, doesn't necessarily mean they will have stone crabs available.  I guess this year's catch has been historically low so we were lucky to get the last batch.  There are also Medium and Large Stone Crabs offered.  The "Select: is the size in between.  These are my husband's favorite. Personally, I thought they were OK.  It has a much more mild flavor.  I'll take the Alaskan King Crab over them any day. We then finished our meal with the famous Key Lime Pie.  Key Lime Pie is usually the last thing I would consider when I have other pies to choose from, but since this is something they are known for- we had to try it.  And I am so glad we did- it was delicious! It is so popular that you can find the recipe on line- or better yet you can order it from the original Miami, FL location and have it shipped to right to you.  We were extremely happy with our meal from start to finish.  The service was attentive and friendly.  Although the waiters are formally dressed in their black and whites, it is such a comfortable atmosphere while still classy.  Now excuse me, as I reminisce about those decadently delicious crab legs and save my pennies so I can return.  Because it is worth it.  Oh so worth it!*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 55/100*
5	Joe's offers good value for the meals they serve. Prices are fair, portions are generous, and the atmosphere is fun without being too loud. The two of us have dinner at Joe's on each of our Vegas trips. This is at least our 10th time dining there and we have yet to be disappointed. We had an 8PM reservation and were seated by 8:05. Service was prompt and friendly, as usual. Bread basket is delivered to the table before any food orders are placed.We each ordered shrimp cocktail as an appetizer. It was very good. The cocktail sauce has a dollop of horseradish which gives it more than the usual kick. My wife had the Copper River Sockeye Salmon special. Salmon was cooked as she requested and she rated the dish as excellent. My favorite dish has always been the Parmesan Crusted Halibut with lemon butter sauce. The dish has been changed on the menu but our server told me he could have the halibut prepared as it was previously. The dish was as I remembered and was also excellent. We will continue to make this a must stop on our next trip in October.
5	We try to go to Joe's whenever we go to Las Vegas. We know that we won't be disappointed! We shared the side dishes. They even let us have half orders of each thing so that we could try more things. We loved the potatoes and the grilled corn!Everyone at our table loved what they had!
4	Jennies potatoes are amazing!
4	amazing food good prices.....I never had stone crab its amazing !
5	love the seafood and it is so increadable
5	Absolutely amazing restaurant. Everything from the greeting, to the service, and especially the food is awesome. We thoroughly enjoyed our dining at Joes. It will be a must when we return to Las Vegas.
5	My all time favorite restaurant. Amazing every time without fail. Manhattan Chowder 5 stars, light broth filled with a lot of delicious clamsGrilled tomatoes, 5 stars, by far my favorite side dishFlorida stone crab claws, My mouth is watering just thinking about them!
4	Joe's is a crustacean-murderers dream come true.  Tucked away into a deep and distant corner of the Forum mall is an 'old school'-feeling restaurant which throws down massive crab claws on your plate for appropriately high prices.  I have been two times, and haven't strayed beyond the crab, fried green tomatoes, and more crab.  Maybe I had a soup on my first visit, but if I did it was a mistake as it took up room better used on crab!My first visit featured stone crab, my second was rock crab I think, whatever- I'm not sure I know the difference, and both were simply amazing portions of robust claws.  Most recently my 5 claw portion was so hefty I struggled to knock the $50ish entree out.  These weren't grimy crab dishes where you are doing lots of work on small obscure parts of the crab's back, hip, or spindly legs, etc- but instead these are BIG picture-perfect claws (only), pre-cracked, and filled with delicious meat.   I'm sure the other offerings are great, but I can get a steak many places, and the fish entrees were not so unique to catch my attention.  But come and eat crab, and I'm sure you will leave a happy camper.  I'll be back sooner or later.
5	Fantastic food. The filet was tender and cooked perfectly. To-die for mac-n-cheese and the roasted corn side dish was delightfully unexpected. Save room for dessert-the peanut butter pie was awesome (you can even order half slices)! For such an amazing meal I was also surprised at the reasonable prices-will definitely return!
4	If you're looking to treat yourself, or someone special -- this is a great place to make an impression. The service is top, and the food was terrific! Again, if your a little tight on the wallet this should be a treat where you're expecting things to be a bit pricy. I suggest what they're known for -- steaks and stone crab.
5	Food was excellent and the service was terrific!
2	This place is okay...i am giving it a 2.5 only because my friends I was with enjoyed their meal.  Maybe a 3 since they really liked it.  I had the oysters on the half shell and the large stone crab.  The oysters were good but DO NOT get the stone crab....it's expensive and it's nothing special.  I have been to this chain in Miami and the stone crab there was much fresher- even then i would not recommend.  The ones here came out partially thawing...just blah!!!  You get 6 for $45 or so...go get yourself a good seafood buffet and you would enjoy it a whole lot more.  Like I said, I have good taste- and this is surly not it.  My friend really liked the steak and seafood bisque on the other hand so hence the 3 star.  I didn't taste either though.
3	The atmosphere & service was great. Our food was good, but didn't impress me very much. We had oysters on the half shell, rock crab, and stone crab. I guess they're both stone crab, but the rock crab is from a specific area. They both tasted the same to me. The best part is that they are very large, so it's super easy to get the crab meat out. I love crab and may have had too high expectations on the crab. It tasted good, but not any better than crab at a different seafood restaurant. The oysters were delicious and fresh.
4	great food.  dt
4	This place is TO DIE FOR! My boyfriend and I made a reservation here for our anniversary. When I called to make the reservation the woman who helped me was so delightful, it made us excited for our visit! The only reason I left off one star was because the night of our visit, we were running a little late, I called to inform them just so we wouldn't lose our reservation & since I am in the restaurant business, I know its a nice courtesy so they can plan for other reservations. When I called and spoke to the Maitre d , he seemed flustered. When I told him we apologized for us being late. He said, "Just get here when you get here and we'll figure it out." He was abrupt and quite cold. I was kind of thrown off guard, and when we finally got there, when we approached the host stand, no one even looked at us for a good minute or two, they were busy having conversations amongst themselves. Even though we weren't too happy with that,  we were seated right away, they brought over champaign to celebrate our Anniversary! We were soooo ecstatic and very grateful. Our server was SO knowledgable and very understanding when we took a while to order (Everything looked so good and we just couldn't decide!!) Our food was absolutely amazing and I seriously cant say enough how great the server was. I would definitely return. It is definitely a place to check out. :)
5	We ate here for my birthday weekend and had a great experience. The service was perfect and food was great! The creamed spinach was out of this world. I'm pretty sure it has 4000 calories per serving but it was sooo worth it! We had the crab and some oysters that were amazing as well. Recommend!!
5	Get the Second Mortgage..it is worth it!I've been going here for years and I just LOVE this restaurant. I love the fresh seafood, the stone crabs (duh), Madagascar shrimp, and the special Joe's seafood sauce! I have not found something on their menu that I didn't like. If you love seafood and you're willing to spend a little more moolah, then this is your place!
2	We chose Joe's for my husbands birthday dinner last weekend.  Appetizers and drinks were okay, they served a Moscow Mule in a glass versus a copper cup, forgivable.  Dinner is where it all went wrong.  Our dinner companions asked several times if the ahi was lightly seared and was assured it would come out sushi grade.  When the food came out I could see from across the table the ahi was completely cooked through.  My husband had to send his lobster back to the kitchen because it was undercooked.  My mahi mahi had to be cut with a knife it was so overcooked.   This was the most disappointing meal we had in Vegas.  I will be sure to advise my friends to stay away - too many great restaurants in Vegas to waste your time.
3	You make me dance, bring me up, bring me down, plays it sweetMake me move like a freak, Mr. Saxobeat.Makes me dance, brings me up, brings me down, plays it sweetMakes me move like a freak at...JOE'S SEAFOOD! - Alexandra Stan (mr. saxobeat)Maybe I didn't get enough sleep the night before, maybe it was the wait on the runway flying here that seemed like an eternity, maybe it was the taxi driver that took a super long route to get to our hotel, or maybe the stone crabs just didn't live up to expectations. The main reason I chose to dine here over other steakhouses for the night (also because Tom Colicchio's new Heritage Steakhouse at the Mirage, which was supposed to open in July, hasn't yet --- August 19th straight from his twitter *crossing fingers*) was for the STONE CRABS. Look at the pictures, they look soooo gooood. I called them earlier in the day and they said I had em, in which case I was excited to try these bad boys. It was fortunate I made reservations in advance, this place was packed. When it came time to order, we asked about the infamous stone crabs and were told that they were frozen and she suggested another type of crab legs. The fact that she recommended something else made me a little hesitant but if we came here for the stone crabs, we're gonna get em no matter what. Turned out to be a bit of a mistake, as they were served noticeably thawed and while they were easy to peel, they lacked the WOW factor I was hoping for. I was told before I ordered them that they weren't in season right now and I understood the risk, so i take full responsibility for us not having the best first stone crab experience. I kinda wish I knew when I called in earlier though that they were frozen...oh wells.I ordered the salmon, which was okay and nothing special. The steak looked really good and the house sea salt mixture that they brought with it was supposedly 'game changing.' Unfortunately, I was just too tired from everything that happened earlier that day that I wasn't in the mood for steak and didn't get to try it. We ordered some sides as well but I don't remember what they were LOL (i do remember sweet corn...that was good) Almost forgot but the lobster salad was very fresh and was big enough to share.The restaurant itself is nicely lit and was very busy, even as we were leaving. I might come back another day when the stone crabs are in season and I'll order the steak, as it seemed to be well prepared. For now, I am earnestly waiting to try Heritage steakhouse when I head back in September.
3	Sigh ... I hate it when I have to give a place a so so review because of service personnel and not the food.  I had a crab bisque, and my fellow eaters had a shrimp dish and an ahi dish .  We were all happy with that part.  It was the cocktail issue that had me like ... what?In most places, bar, restaurant, arenas, wherever, when you order a double, you pay more.  Duh, makes sense.  But in VERY few places if any, does a double LITERALLY mean double the price.  Ask the people at the Cirque shows who will sell you a single cocktail for 12 or a MONSTER for 18.  Anyway, the point is, had the waitress been clear, we would have had no issue.  But when you say, "You want a double?  You only pay a little more," you are misleading your customers.  One thing is 12 to 18; another is when you pay $1 under twice the amount for a double.  Really?  Who you fooling there?  I repeat, had you been clear on this whole thing, then it would have been up to us to take it or leave it, but don't mislead your guests with such nonsense.  At the end of the day, I can drink cheaper and better in 10,000 other places in Las Vegas.  Markup on wine and liquor at a place like this is expected, but that is just ridiculous.
4	I come to Las Vegas at least once a year and look forward to having lunch at Joe's Seafood at least once, if not twice.  In the 4 years I have been eating here the seafood salad this year was the best one yet, and I have been having this same seafood salad each and every year.  The only downfall however this year was the fresh stone crab claws.  They were fresh-fresh and not fresh frozen, which was why we ordered them, but they were so-so (I would not have them again).  The claws seemed bogged down with water like they were stored in melting ice.  What made up for the so-so crab claws was the service we received from David and being recognized by the Maitre'D, Thomas, when we arrived.  Reservation time was 1:30 pm on Thursday, August 8, 2013.I look forward to next time I visit LV and will certainly give Joe's another go around!  Oh and by the way, the Key Lime Pie is outstanding!
5	The Alaskan King Crab Legs might be my favorite dish ever!  And that's saying a lot.  It's simple, yet divine. It's one of our "must stops" when we hit Vegas.
5	After coming up in the casino, my boyfriend and I decided to binge on a nice dinner. Joe's had great Yelp reviews, so we decided to try it and boy am I glad we did!Initially, I wasn't so sure as it was a bit dark and the entrance is inside Ceasars shopping area, but once your inside and begin to order, WOW!Our waitress was amazing - she recommended all the best items beginning with the cucumber martini (AMAZING DRINK, like HEAVEN with seafood, just like she said and it got me tipsy) and my BF, being a whiskey man, ordered an extremely aged whiskey which he said was unbelievable. Started out with the 2nd Mortage featuring a little bit of everything ( their famous Alaskan King Crab, Jumbo Shrimp, Lobster Cocktail, Shrimp & Scallop Ceviche) - holy moly, SO worth the money!!! They are known for their crab for a reason- I could have had a giant plate of that alone and be satisfied! Glad I didn't tho...We also got Oysters Rockefeller which may be the BEST Oysters I have ever hadAnd for the main course, Surf N' Turf! So far, we are drunk, stuffed, and in HEAVEN!Waitress is still very attentive and although we are so full, my sweet tooth could not pass up the dessert menu. The waitress was kind enough to offer a half slice of their home-made chocolate fudge pie. NO GOOD! Literally could not stop eating. Absolutely recommend this place as a fine dining establishment in Las Vegas and will certainly be back for more :)
4	Great seafood & steaks, loved the stone crab but way too pricey for what you get.
4	This place has all the works! Excellent service, cozy atmosphere and great food! I did not feel I was in Vegas....more of a Chicago or New York vibe inside, very classy. My husband and I have tried a lot of their seafood and it is great. Try their signature key lime pie, great way to end your evening. From beginning to end you will enjoy it all. Love coming here with the hubby!
4	Super good food and almost overly attentive service. I have nothing bad to say about the place! I had the Sea Bass and it was outstanding. Several persons in our group had the crab legs...they were pretty damn good. I tried one a bit of the filet...not impressed.
5	I wanted to surprise my husband for our anniversary and decide to take him here. When we checked in they couldn't find our reservation which scared me thinking our night is ruined already but they still honored our reservation and had us seated within minutes. Troy, our server, told us their special which was intimidating at first but he was very patient and gave us plenty of time. We started our dinner with Crab Bisque which was warm and creamy. Then we had the seafood chopped salad it had good amount of shrimp, lobster and the king crab. The dressing was perfect and the greens were fresh and crunchy and with the cherry tomatoes it was so sweet. Hard to describe you just have to try it. For our course my husband had a filet mignon (medium) and I had the stone crabs and our sides were Jennie's mash potato, sweet grilled corn and grilled asparagus. Troy was great and recommended that we get our side as half instead of the full since there's only 2 of us sharing. The steak was soft and mouth watering seems like the meat just melts in your mouth. The stone crab is fresh because you can taste the sweet meat. And their sides so yummy. For our desert we had the key lime pie and the Havana dream pie. We liked the Havana better. It's hard to describe what a wonderful experience we had you just have to try it for yourself. Oh yeah and they gave us complimentary champaign for our anniversary. Love this place and will definitely come back!
5	I have lived in Las Vegas for almost 10 years and Joe's Stone Crab is still at the top of my list! I have been to Joe's numerous times, special dates, birthdays, girls day out, or just to have some really tasty food! Food pros: The food is delicious, fresh, perfectly prepared, hot, and filled with flavor every time! I love going during lunch for their specials. Entree, two sides and dessert! What more could you ask for? I am OBSESSED with their roasted corn side dish. It is my favorite thing on the menu. I have to have it every time I go. The lyonnaise potatoes are also at the top of my list for sides. Crispy hot potatoes with sweet savory caramelized onions on the bottom, yummmmyy!! Their crab legs are always amazing and fresh. I appreciate them being cut already. The dipping sauce is tasty and a perfect compliment. Their filet mignon is bursting with true beef flavor and always a perfect medium rare. They have the best bread bowl. The pretzel bread is my fave. I know they have a huge menu, but I always come back for the same amazing dishes every time. Food cons: None! Service: The service is beyond impeccable each and every time! I don't know if they have a special training just for their servers but you can't find better service anywhere. I wish I could remember his name, possibly matt or mark. But he was the best server I've had in my dining experiences at any restaurant. Fast but not too fast, attentive but not overbearing, professional but fun, and extremely accommodating. My mom and I love the pretzel bread in the bread bowl. We asked if we could have more. So he brought back another bread bowl filled with just pretzel bread! Plus a yummy mustard sauce. I will continue to dine at Joe's as long as I live in Las Vegas. It will be the first place I recommend to friends in town and the first place I take anyone for a delicious meal. My friend is trying to overcome her shellfish allergy. When she is cleared by her doctor I am taking her here to celebrate!
5	All I can say is YUM!!!! Service was great also.
3	Tried this place for the first time on Sat night.    None of us were impressed.  Tried appetizers. Oysters Rockefeller.   Lots and lots of cheese and spinach, overkill.   One did not have the oyster or it was too small to identify.   They brought my soup with the appetizer, not as requested.   I had the shrimp cocktail for my meal, four medium shrimp, very good.  The guys had halibut, very, very dry.   Grilled on top, crunchy and dry, dry, dry inside.   No flavor.  Stone crab was OK, seemed to me they might have been frozen as they were stringy in texture.  Save your money.   We will not be back.   Too expensive for quality of  food
3	It was a nce meal but for the price I was not overly impressed.  The crab cakes were very good but my steak was nothing special.
2	Went here while on vacation with a group of friends.  I was expecting to have a nice steak dinner.  The service was nice, the atmosphere was nice, but the food was less than average.  Prices were reasonable, but the food was nothing to write home about.  I have had much better at other steakhouse.  I ordered the filet and mac and cheese.  The filet was good, but nothing special...I could do better.  The mac and cheese had no flavor and was very basic.  Being that this is in the Caesars Palace shops, I would expect a lot more from this restaurant.  They are also known for their crab, which I did not have.  With all of the steak houses in Vegas, I will not return here.
2	Blah!  I had such an average meal here last night.  I remember it being much better when we ate here a few years ago. However, I was totally unimpressed last night.  We ordered the bisque and I couldn't even finish it.  Not that great.  The halibut reminded me of a cafeteria.  All in all, complete waste of money.  If I want good seafood, I'll head to Mastro's.  Oh, and our waiter never noticed that I didn't eat my bisque, because he never came to check on us.  Average food and below average service. I won't be back.  There are so many better places to eat in Vegas.
5	The Server was great in directing us to order great selections to share family style.  Fresh crab legs were the best ever, as well as Chilean Sea Bass, chopped salad, potatoes, and rib eye and Raumbauer Chardonnay.  Perfect dinner.  Several years ago had dinner in the Miami original location.  Same great service from professional staff and outstanding food!
5	If you've never tried stone crab, you have to try this place! Everyone at our table shared the stone crab and one other dish, but if I were to go back, I would just get the stone crab. It was so delicious! They precrack the claws for you so you peel off the shell like you're peeling a boiled egg, making this one of the most effortless crab eating experiences I have ever had. They cooked the crab perfectly and the meat was sweet and delicious. Add some butter to that and talk about a great meal! The second dish we got was the fishermans platter, I wasn't super impressed with it, especially in comparison to the crab. But my brother and sister shared the stuffed sol with lobster tail and they were raving about it. My dad ordered oysters, and usually he'll share at least one with me because he knows how much I love them, but not this time. He devoured them in seconds! I looked over and they were all gone!!! We also ordered some sides, and all of them were great. If I had to choose just one, my absolute favorite would be the mashed potatoes. They come out with a nice crust of cheese crisps and bread crumbs. I could have eaten just that for dinner, it was so good! We also really enjoyed the broccollini, nothing too fancy but cooked perfectly with just the right amount of seasoning. Our waiter was also really great. He made the dining experience so much better by offering suggestions and being really attentive. Everyone at our table kept on talking about how great he was. Next time in Vegas, I will be back, without a doubt. Probably multiple times!
1	My first time in sin city ever and my friends wanted to go here to eat lunch. Bad customer service they were practically trying to get us out the door. It's overpriced and 18% tip already included in the bill. Even with bad service the waiter already getting a tip. I wrote him a note on the receipt not that anyone would care.
5	Great food, excellent service and we will go back.
5	The service is top-notch. My fiance and I went here for lunch. We always want to try a variety of things, but luckily, the server was nice and told us we were planning to order way too much! He was right because we got really full off his recommendations. We ordered the lunch special which had king crab legs, a side of potatoes, and a side of corn. I can't remember the exact name, but the corn was sooo tasty. The sides were plenty for us to share. We ordered the medium stone crabs, too. It was our first time trying that but I think I prefer king crab legs. Ohh.. the lunch special included dessert for each of us, too. Even though we were full, the server insisted we at least try a small piece of the desserts. We ended up spending much less than we figured we would (and we were plenty full) which is a plus!
5	From my boodly mary to the soft shell crabs Joe's is really good! I wish I had more like 2 or 3 times to eat there when I was in Vegas it was such good food!
1	What a disappointment.  My Hungarian waiter informed me that "We have no stone crab, but we *may* have some at five."  I ordered scallops, only to see a neighboring table be served a pile of stone crab claws.  So thereafter, I called my waiter back over, only to be informed, "It is now five, and we have them.  We never know before hand."If you have "stone crab" in your restaurant's name, I suggest you get on top of the availability of primary menu items.  I felt like a character in the Monty Python cheese shop skit.My waiter informed me he would comp me for the scallops (which were pretty meh... 15 or more on the plate, too tough, too salty).  When the bill arrived, I was comped instead for a slice of pie (Marie Callander style frozen pie with cardboard crust) and a cup of coffee.I hope my experience was out of the ordinary, but I paid $80 for dinner for one, and felt like I could have had a better experience for that price at a dozen other places in Vegas.  If you enjoy eating salty scallops, 10 feet from people eating the stone crab claws you were not allowed to order, Joe's is your place.
2	The Stone Crab and Joe's is fantastic if you catch it on the right day.  Sunday afternoon I sat at the bar and enjoyed great service and a terrific meal.  That 1st visit was a recon mission for a future date with the wife.  My honey & I went on a Thursday night.  The crab was horribly spoiled, the texture was odd and it tasted like ammonia.  The waiter was a clod hopping oaf.  I should have flipped my plate on the floor, spit in the face of the idiot and walked out without paying!  Caesars can be like this, hit-or-miss... Caveat emptor!
5	This place is $$$$ for sure. Amazing steak!! I've been here twice and impressed both times.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants ever!! I have been 3 times now and each was amazing. The service has been consistently wonderful. Servers are attentive and have a sense of humor which is nice, especially in a restaurant that could be too "stuffy" if it wanted to be. The jumbo crab legs are to die for (I combine their mustard sauce and butter for dipping, try it!), the shrimp cocktail contains some of the biggest and best I have ever had, and the corn side dish is a must. I don't even really like corn, but will still find myself craving Joe's sweet corn like I'm pregnant or something!! Go get your crab on at Joe's, you won't be sorry.
4	A nice steakhouse inside an awesome location! Me and girlfriend both had the filet mignon and it was totally perfect! It was perfectly medium as expected and the service was great too. Even though we had a reservation we has to wait for like 20 minutes, which was fine.
5	Fantastic food and service.
5	Suzanne and My favorite restaurant in Vegas, especially when stone crab is in season.  The King Crab and Steak and everything else is also awesome!!
5	I always come to this restaurant bc I think it is worth coming back to evert year!!! Only disappointment is they did not have stone crab my favorite. Maybe next time. The filet is absolutely to die for and I can never pass up the seafood chopped salad which had every kind of vegetable known in the salad. My opinion this salad is the best in the world!!!
5	Where do I even begin?! I can't say I love this restaurant enough. I've only had the opportunity to eat here three times, and oh my! It is definitely going to be on my to-do list whenever I visit Las Vegas.To start off, it's fancy. Don't show up in random clothes. The staff is formal, proper, polite, and extremely informative. They all know what they're talking about and help in every way. I would recommend this place to everyone, however, it's not cheap. You definitely pay for what you get! A good meal, at a good spot, with some great company. Make a reservation, save some time since they can get swamped with people. I ate here on my birthday and they even threw in some dessert no charge!At this place, I've had many things but only listing what I can remember:Bread: They serve bread once you sit. DON'T over-stuff yourself with it. I know it's beyond yummy but save your appetite, it gets better!New England Clam Chowder: I'm not a fan of seafood whatsoever but I don't think this was bad. My bf loves this and orders it all the time. It's a nice portion and fulfilling. Caesar Salad: By far one of the best salads I've had. They split it to share if you ask and it's extremely light. The dressing isn't over-powering which I love, and they never drench it either. Crab Claws: Personally, I don't like them but that's only cause I don't like seafood too much. Once again, my bf LOVES them. They come with lemon to add onto them and bring you everything you need to eat them. I love how they bring out hot towels once you're done to clean your hands with. Big plus!Filet Mignon: Ordered a Medium piece of meat. Wow! SOO good and they cooked it just the way I like it. It wasn't dry at all, very similar to Medium rare, without all the blood oozing out.Mashed Potatoes: OMG! This is to die for! I ordered a half order, the portion is quite large with the rest of my meal. They layer them with cheese which gives it a little extra umph!Parmesan Crusted Halibut: WIN! I LOVE this dish, everyone should try it. The crisp in each bite is to die for. My favorite thing to get!I never know the name, but ladies, if you want some alcohol without it being overpowering and overwhelming, try ordering one of their special martini drinks. I always tell the server that I want their "special peach martini..but I can't think of the name" and they ALWAYS know what I'm talking about. The rim is covered in sugar and it is beyond refreshing and tasty. You can't even tell there's alcohol in there... based on the taste! I always get two when I eat here!I cannot wait to visit this place again. It's a must if you're in Vegas!
3	Service was good but not great.  Food was okay.  For the same range of prices this was my least favorite meal of any restaurant I've been at.
4	3 of us went to Joe's today for a late lunch (3pm). We sat in the lounge area instead of the outside patio area. Our server's name was Hope and she was great.  We started with a crab cake appetizer which was full of crab meat delicately seasoned. 2 of us ordered the Joe's lunch special for $24.95 which included a 6oz filet, grilled tomato topped with creamed spinach, Jennie's potatoes and desert.  What a great deal that was. The other person in our party ordered the fish & chips (with sweet potato chips) and a side dish of macaroni & cheese. The fish was very good with a light batter. He did not care for the sweet potato chips they were a little greasy and cold. The macaroni & cheese was hot and delicious. For desert we had the banana cream pie, tres leeches cake and the brownie sundae topped with ice cream. The banana cream pie and the tres leeches cake were both something we will have again. Our waitress was very helpful picking out wine and checked back frequently to see if we needed anything. Service was great and the food was great- We will definitely be back and will ask for Hope. Lunch is very casual, we all wore jeans and nice shirts-there were people eating in shorts. Dinner is much more formal and expensive.
4	Pretty good I must say.  I have nothing bad to say about this place.  Service was very fast, and the food came out incredibly quick.  I ordered a caesar salad, which was excellent.  The filet, was cooked perfectly and very tender as a filet should be.  I don't give 5 stars unless, it's pretty amazing compared to the best of restaurants.  There are so many good steakhouses in Vegas, so hard to say it was the absolute best ever, but very very good overall.
3	Stone crab was out of season when we came, so unfortunately none were on the menu.  I had the tuna tartar which was ok.  But the miso glazed bass was very delicious!  I tried my friend's seared ahi tuna main dish but I wasn't too into the flavours.  Key lime pie was delicious but too much crust.
5	My favorite place to eat whenever I am in Vegas.  The bar here makes great drinks and the staff is very old school Vegas and classy.  You have to order the stone crab because the dipping sauce that they use is the best dipping sauce I've ever had with seafood.  The sauce is a mustard type of sauce and goes great with the crab.  The Steaks are fantastic and don't forget to put some of the seasoning on that they bring to the table, it is a mixture of salt pepper and other seasonings.  My favorite side is the Mac & Cheese, WHICH IS THE BEST IN VEGAS!  Don't let the fancy digs fool you, they know how to make a great classic Mac & Cheese.
5	Holy crab.The Alaskan King Crab was the best crab I've ever had in my life. Pricey, yes, but OMG. Worth it, worth it, worth it. We got an order and a half for our table of eight to share as an appetizer, and it was perfect.For my entree, I ordered a petit filet mignon, medium rare. Perfectly cooked and melt-in-your-mouth tender.Wine was flowing, so I don't remember what else I sampled, but definitely order the king crab. Your taste buds will be so happy.
5	Just had the Pacific Stone Crabs and they were Excellent! This place is a must for the seafood lover. Just as good as the one in Miami...Must visit..
5	Simply the best I've found in Vegas -- great food, friendly and efficient service, fun location -- its a dressy kind of place well worth a 2+ hour dinner. Had the stone crabs, wedge salad, surf and turf (huge lobster) and shared desserts. All were very good to great. I can definitely recommend you go here -- and will hopefully be back soon.
5	This is one my favorite splurge restaurants. Its pricey... and its worth it!  You must try the stone crab! I gotta say it again, you must try the stone crab! This is their specialty and it does not disappoint! My husband and I went to Joe's about six months ago and had a stuffed lobster special that we are still talking about. We have been back a couple of times since and they haven't had it on the menu. (it was a special) I hope you read these reviews Joes please bring back the stuffed lobster!!!Having said that, I have never been disappointed at this restaurant. The Alaskan King Crab is so sweet and juicy, bone in fillet was cooked perfectly to order and was so full of flavor. Service is always impeccable!
3	4 star for food (even we did not have their famous crabs!)2 star for service.We went there for a corporation dinner... So our menu is prefixed.We had sate mushroom and shrimps for appetizers. Salmon, ahi tuna, fillet mignon, and crab cakes for main dishes. They are all great. For desert, we had lime cake, chocolate cake and apple pie. To my surprise, even though the pie looks quite homemade but is so tasty and to die for! I have has their crabs at their OG Joe's in Miami so... no question, crab is their specialty!However, our servers were very rude and scolded at everyone when we asked for drinks (diet coke instead of regular coke, tea in stead of coffee, really?!) and when some people wanted to use their same utensils in stead of changing new utensils! The food were dropped in front of you...So, even the crabs are awesome, I would be afraid to come back to this place... Who needs to be schooled about utensils, eating too much bread before your meals or whatever... There are so many other great restaurants in Caesar Palace alone and on the strip...!
4	I really like Joe's and actually went here for my Birthday this year. Let's just start with the real reason I like this place: key lime pie! It is awesome. My boyfriend got the peanut butter pie and one slice could have feed a small family. Back to why you're probably interested in Joe's, the seafood. The Stone Crab is always cold and fresh and the mustard dipping sauce it on point. But do be warned that if you make a late reservation they can and do run out of it. The rest of the menu like King crab legs, seafood platters, steaks and salads are pretty solid offerings as well. Last time I had the Filet oscar- steal topped with crab- and it was really great. I find the prices to be on point for the strip but not overly inflated like most strip steakhouses. If your solo, there is a great bar area where you can dine and Stephanie makes some amazing cocktails at the bar.
3	I love Joe's the food is amazing!!!! Lunch or dinner you can't go wrong.        That being said the valet out front is horrendous. I know its run by the forum shops and not Joe's;  but perception is everything.         Went to Joe's back in September.  The gentleman that came to get our keys was so rude that my friend wouldn't let him park the car. She brought it further away to a different valet and had to walk back to Joe's.            Friday evening I went back to Joe's and went to valet. Well my sunglasses were stolen. This was there second strike. I know you might think of she probably lost them, but I assure you they were in the car.            I am very well aware of the fact Joe's does not run valet but it is the only convenient way to together.  One shot in the door. No hassles of crowds.
5	Amazing!! Had the lobster tail and it was amazing!!! The oysters are the best I have ever had. I would come back just for the oysters. The service was awesome, our waiter (John) was awesome, and the food was totally awesome. In Caesars on the first floor, prob the best hotel/casino in Las Vegas. Now I want to go to the one in Chicago where I live. Great atmosphere. 5 stars for sure!!!! Would recommend this place to anyone who loves seafood.
5	We were a party of six, and were all in agreement that this restaurant is well managed and has superb tasting food.  They make a wonderful sauce for theiir Stone Crabs which were very fresh, a seafood salad overflowing with fresh seafood, and even their fish and chips was above average.  It is probably a 4$ restaurant and you should dress nicely,  I can't believe I am writing this, but it was worth every penny.
4	It was Restaurant Week once again, and as usual, course for course, Joe's featured one of the best RW menus.  So, off Diane and I went for dinner, this time with a different couple in tow.  And, while the food was mostly well prepared as usual, this time the service was not.  It was rather perfunctory, and I had to ask for several Iced Tea refills, although they arrived quickly after I did.  Even though I had requested a booth when making our reservation, we were initially led to a table.  And, our waiter did not mention or show me the Restaurant Week menu until I requested it.The shrimp in a Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail were large and very meaty, but not sweet or that flavorful.  This appetizer came with a good, strong horseradish-based Cocktail Sauce.  A bowl of Crab Bisque was very smooth and very good--a better tasting preliminary except for the piece of shell I found in it.  Grilled Halibut was moist and great tasting, accompanied by very good sweet roasted corn and Jennie's Potatoes, a type of mashed potato that is a staple here.  Two large scoops of Peppermint Ice Cream covered by rivulets of Hot Fudge were refreshing, and a nice end to the meal.
5	As a person who has never had lobster bisque in his life, married to a woman who is allergic to shellfish, I didn't expect to be ordering a bowl of it and enjoying it so much. I can honestly say this is the best lobster bisque I've ever had! It's also the only, however, so I should clarify that by saying it was very very good, even if it was a poor example of what a lobster bisque should be. The wife had fish tacos, which she devoured so I will assume that means they were delicious. I had the fish and chips, which was absolutely excellent. I've had plenty of fish and chips in my life so I've got some frame of reference here. Very very good.The absolute crown jewel dish of the night wasn't even a dish at all. It was the tartar sauce that came with the fish and chips. The tartar sauce was without a doubt, far and away, bar none, the best I have ever had. Without question. Absolutely and incredibly delicious.The sides we ordered were also very good, the fries and potatoes we got were cooked well and tasted fresh. My only issue was the asparagus. The asparagus itself was good but came out covered in tomatoes which was NOT good at all. This was because of my personal bias against tomatoes in most things. The wife loves tomatoes and ate a few pieces with no issue. Although I expected her to eat more, so perhaps it wasn't so great for her either.
4	Tried the Stone Crab (Excellent), Caesar Salad (Great) Crab Bisque (Outstanding) Filet (Good) [Asked for Med Rare and mine was Med to Med Well] Mashed Potatoes (Good). The service was Outstanding (Johnny on the spot). But, this is a 4 $$$$ place not a $$$.
5	Recommended by a local to eat here and it was a real treat.  Everything we had was great here: the bisque was amazing, the 6 select stone craw crab claws were pricey but delightful, and the fish and chips were the most "real" tasting we have ever had (hearty fish, not over battered).  Cocktails were good too.
4	Steak, Stone Crabs, and Bread!!!You can't go wrong with Joe's Seafood Prime Steak and Stone Crab if steak, crab, and carbs is on your meal plan.  The gf and I came here for a Halloween dinner date.  This wasn't our original pick, but I'm glad we ended at Joe's for dinner.  From start to finish, the service was excellent.  We had reservations, which meant no wait.  Our orders were taken care of quick.  But most importantly, we were taken care of good.  Like most restaurants, we started with a bread basket.  Their mix of bread and carbs didn't have a chance. We killed every piece of bread in that basket.  Then there was our meals.  I had their Petite Filet Mignon, but this was not petite at all.  Here at Joe's, they do everything big. A petite filet here is 8 oz and cooked to my liking (medium-well).  The filet was tender, juicy, and so so good. I'm not stating that this is the best steak that I ever had, but it's still good enough for me to want to come back.  My gf had their Florida based Stone Crabs.  You know, the parrot beaks that you see on the billboards off our freeways.  I think she loved it because she finished her plate. For our sides, I got the mash potatoes and my gf got the mac n' cheese.  And of course she did.  The mash potatoes and mac n' cheese, like the bread, didn't have a chance.  Both were good and a must if you're having steak and crabs. Overall (ie. long story short)...Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab has good steak, fresh crabs, and great service.  Prices are decent as well. Parking Tip:  Valet at Joe's.  If you're going through the main Caesar's entrance, it's the first right after the Caesar's and Forum split.  Sure beats having to walk through the Forum Shops to get here.  PS:  I've been told that the Alaskan King Crab is the best at Joe's.  I have never been a huge Alaskan King Crab fan. But those that are, should give them a try.  YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (476/500)
3	The food tasted amazing. Really, some of the best Sea Bass I've ever had. But the service was lacking. They rushed us through the whole meal just to turn the table. I'm talking literally taking plates away when people are still eating. Left a bad taste in my mouth.
4	October 15, Florida stone crab season OPEN!  Crab lovers rejoice!Why?  Simple; sweeter than an lobster, tender, juicy, never stringy meat.  Dip them in a tangy mustard concoction and it's fireworks in your mouth.The facts:- Available October 15 - May 15.- Sold by size (medium, large, jumbo, colossal), price increases with size.- Size matters for texture not sweetness.  Buy the largest you can afford.- 2013 harvest starting at the lowest in history.  Astronomical prices ($12/claw large, $25/ claw jumbo).For other menu items, stick to basics; KISS.  Great place for a casual, shared meal with friends.  Solid preparations for grilled lobster tails, steamed jumbo Alaskan king crab legs, classic oysters Rockefeller, and pan seared diver scallops.  The colossal lump crab cake excellent, moist, sweet.  Almost all crab with lumps sticking out in all directions.  Pick it up and eat it with your fingers.  Good selection of steaks.  Two grades, USDA choice Angus and USDA prime.  All prime cuts are bone in.  Cuts are gently trimmed leaving some of the outer fat in tact.  Old school, fat is flavor style.   Even grilling and cooked to temperature.  It's beef, nothing fancy but it doesn't need to be.Diverse side meant to be shared.  The grilled tomatoes are the perfect foil for the stone crabs.  Tart, acidic, blistered and  just warmed through.  Save a little room for dessert.  Home made key lime pie.  They are known for it.  One of the best examples I've ever had.Short but very well chosen wine list.  Whites perfectly target the clean seafood flavors from Spain, France, Italy and New Zealand.  Modest (2x-2.5x retail), Vegas resort pricing.Casual, friendly, efficient service.Seven sinful months in Sin City never tasted so good.
4	One of the true gems of Las Vegas, great food, fantastic ambiance  good service , great drinks and just about a wonderful place for casual, romantic, date night, celebrations and  group dinners. Make sure you make a reservation.Their stone crabs, Alaskan crabs are the best. Please don't bother with chicken or steak at this place.It's a crustacean food heaven and don't let yourself divert from that.The lobster bisque and salads are also amazing.We always make it a point to eat here whenever we are visiting the Sin city.We highly recommend this place for tourists and locals.
2	We (8 friends) have been coming to this restaurant for several years during our annual Vegas trip. The service and food are always great. Not anymore. We reserved a specific table 3 months in advance. When we got to the maitre 10 mins before reservation time he said he would not seat us until the whole party was here and by the way "you need to be aware that we need to sell the table again so don't take too long". Incredible. He would not sit 4 of us (the rest were shopping for a few minutes) AND he had the gall to tell us to hurry up once we sat. This at a place that typically sets us back at least $150 per person. So our table sat empty while the rest of the party arrived (15 mins). Of course we had told the maitre that if he sat us before the rest arrived we would start drinking and eating. He still refused. When he finally sat us, I politely thanked him and asked his name. His answer? "What is YOUR name?"  I gave it him and he just looked at me, refused to say anything and left. This is truly apalling service for any price level. Clearly these guys feel like their full house (and mostly tourists) justifies them giving unacceptably bad service. Spend your money somewhere else, where they will actually appreciate it.Post-meal update: The stone crab legs were ok and the King crab was amazing. Mac and cheese always great and two people said they would come back just for the banana cream pie. Our server, JJ, was funny, nice and professional. As usual, after countless crabs legs and bottles of a really nice white, we paid ~$150 per person and would be well worth it except for the maitre'd interaction, which really soured us on the place (I upped it to two stars because of JJ and the great food). The owner has contacted me, which is always a good sign of managers actually caring.
4	The only negative here is the price. It is very pricey but the food is amazing. We started with the calamari, oysters, and stuffed mushrooms. I had the Ahi Tuna and it melted in my mouth. My hubby had a cheeseburger and it was huge. My buddy had the surf and turf and he said it was incredible. The Mac'N'Cheese was THE BEST I have ever had. I was stuffed and still couldn't let it go to waste! This is must do on the Strip!
4	Me and the girlfriend loved the snow crabs and the Fresh Alaskan King Crab Legs. The hash browns however could have been a little crispier. I have been to the Florida branch of this restaurant and the Vegas restaurant was of the same high quality ensuring that I will be back again next time I'm in Vegas.
5	An overall AMAZING meal. If a place was ever worthy of 5+ stars, this is it. Located inside the Cesar's forum shops, the restaurant had a great refined setting. Our server was nice and very accommodating to our group of 7 busy girls.An absolute must here is the crab claws. ABSOLUTE! We did two orders of the medium claws (7 claws per order at $39 an order). Tasty crab claws itself, the flavor is put over the top when you pair it with their special sauce. We tried 3 sides amongst the 7 of us to pair with our entrees and still had leftovers. The side portions are pretty big.Sides:Lyonnaise potatoes: perfect crisp on the outside & great flavor with the onions in the middleCreamed Spinach: not noteworthy but decentSauteed Corn: probably the favorite of the sides. The flavor was really good. I would order this againI can't speak on behalf of the other girls' entrees as I didn't try it but the restaurant was kind enough to split any entrees to two plates before it was served to us if anyone was sharing. This made things run a lot smoother & it was much appreciated. I split the scallops with a friend as my entree and it was definitely enough for the both of us to be full. Granted we did have a lot of sides & had snacked on the yummy bread basket that was served in the beginning. These are probably some of the best scallops I have ever had. Cooked to perfection! Flavor & texture was great. I highly recommend it. Overall: this place was great. A superb meal of fine food.
4	I picked this restaurant specifically for two reasons. One is because I felt this would be a "people pleaser" in terms of a solid steakhouse for a larger group. The other because it was a three dollar sign joint. I realize steakhouses can get pricey, so I wanted to find something that wasn't going to break the bank, but still be "fine dinning." The service is very good, I'll note right away. But please be wary, our server was a totally up-seller. She knew exactly what she was doing.... "oh, if you're going to get a couple glasses of wine, get a bottle" or "what appetizers can I start you with" almost as soon as we sat down. I kinda feel like they're probably all trained that way. Not necessarily annoying, but be wary!Also, the food is all a la carte. So you'll get up there in price with what you order. We had a table of 8 and ordered 4 different sides and they were all gone by the end of dinner. But it was the perfect amount. The good: garlic roasted spinach, the lyonnaise, and my fave grilled tomatoes (wonderfully red tomatoes with pesto and melted mozzarella on top aka YUM!). The okay: broccolini. I ordered a special, which was Filet Mignon with crab on top. I really wanted both the filet and crab, and the regular menu listed large pieces of both for much more. This was the perfect amount for $36. Plus asparagus! It was cooked to a perfect medium rare and very flavorful. The crab was fantastic and I almost wished there was more. Maybe a bit more, but the portion was good still. Best part is they brought the birthday boy, my dad, a free brownie sundae! All in all, a really excellent meal. Ended up being perfect for what I was looking for!
4	Fantastic food.  I think if I had to pick a favorite all time entree, it would be the stone crabs.  Everything on the menu we have ever ordered, has been fantastic.The atmosphere, or rather lack thereof, is not the greatest.  It is a big noisy room, that is not that much different than an Outback.  Then again, atmosphere is not why one goes to Joe's.We have been to Joe's too many times to count, and normally the service is 5 star, however our waiter was slow, and when we told him we had been here numerous times, he still treated us like newbies, explaining all policies and menu items in great detail.  It was a bit tedious.We will certainly go back.
4	I was looking for a great steak place that wouldn't break the bank for my friends and I. The reviews were pretty good so we decided to give it a shot! I was very happy that we chose Joe's! The sevice was excellent! My husband and I split the ribeye and we had the crab legs (only happens 4 weeks out of the year so why not?!). The ribeye was good, but it wasn't the best. The crab legs were by far the best I've ever had in my life. AMAZING! Sides were good too. We had the mac & cheese (was just the right amount of creamy- I find restaurants make it too dry for my tastes, but I love it!), mashed potatoes (YUM), and the brussels (eh). All in all, I was VERY pleased with my experience. Wouldn't say it was the best, but would say it was pretty darned good. Overall, I'd give it a 8.5/9.
2	They got rid of the maui sandwich which was excellent.  The crab bisque was basically soup with very little crab sprinkled on top.  Fish tacos lacked flavor.  They forgot the side I ordered, put the order in late, brought it at the end of the meal, and charged it to us.
5	I absolutely loved this place! We went there at lunch time and were really hungry. I ordered a combination of King Crab Legs and my husband had the halibut.The sides were the corn with cilantro and lemon on the side (very delicious)The potatoes weren't to my taste but luckily I was really full so didn't eat themI had lemon cake - delicious!Service was FIRST CLASS. My baby is 1 and can't sit in place and the greeter at the front ended up playing with him! I really had a great timeThe bread selection with butter was fabulous as well. I was visiting Vegas and I must say I had a great time here.Come here during lunch, the menu is less pricey and the meals are just as great.Portions were awesome. Location was beautiful inside The Shoppe
5	Having come here for the stone crab you can imagine my profound disappointment to learn they were sold out of stone crabs (at 8:30 pm). I had the rock crab claws instead and while they were actually outstanding, they were still noticeably inferior to Joe's stone crabs. Next time I will be here by 5pm to increase my odds of being able to order the namesake delicacy at (what used to be known as) Joe's Stone Crab.
5	Crab, shrimp, scallops, oh my, oh my, oh my.... Amazing!Headed to Rod Stewart at Caesars so decided to check out reviews to dine at the hotel.  Yelp didn't let me down! Nice bottle of Cakebread to start then came the shrimp cocktail, I swear they were 6ft long! Jk, but they were huge and served with a lovely horseradish infused cocktail sauce to dip in. Next came the scallops and my oh my they are off the charts! Don't miss these gems, they are small but full of flavor.  I almost cried when they were gone.The Caesar salad was delish and next came the Alaskan King Crab Legs! There was no Krusty Krab here! (SpongeBoB) 1 HUGE leg of the sweetest most tender crab, cracked open table side, and ready for a plunge into the drawn butter.  Service was superb ask for Darrell; very attentive, kind, and never let our wine or water get low! Whether visiting Vegas or you're a local, meander down to the strip and partake in a fine dining experience.
4	Came here for dinner during our company vacation in LV.We got 2 big tables near the back and our server made sure our water/alcohol glasses were never empty plus bringing new bread baskets!We ordered stone crabs and one too many appetizer dishes that most of us were so full before our entree came out. I forgot exactly what I got but it was one of the most expensive steaks they had. nom nom nom... it was still tender when it got cold!!!Will defiantly stop by again when I go back in town :)
5	Exc!Potato crusted grouper!Sweet cornOnion rings And the claws!You won't go wrong
5	Excellent! From start to finish, our dinner was top notch.  The service was attentive but not intrusive.  The food was awesome.  We shared a chopped lettuce, tomato, onion and blue cheese salad. I had king crab and filet combo.  My steak was done perfectly.  My husband had a fish called John Dory.  It was a mild white fish in a delicious brown butter sauce.  The butternut squash side dish was also a good choice.  We always try to eat here when we come to LV.
5	Suzanne and My favorite restaurant in Vegas, especially when stone crab is in season.  The King Crab and Steak and everything else is also awesome!!
1	Joes Stone Crab. Right? Made reservations. Waited forever for a table. Got seated. Got the market price menu. Then after getting drinks and apps they tell us...no stone crabs!!! Seriously?? Tried to tell us some sob story about how they can't get them and then try to sell us on something else. BS!! I won't ever come back. I left and went upstairs to Sushi Roku! Next time. Be upfront and honest.
5	Everything was amazing and the service was great! It is in an odd location in the Forum so make sure you know where the 1st level is!
5	My favorite restaurant in vegas the stone crabs are a great app and the filet is awesome. Ask for the fried green tomato side dish
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Vegas. The crab cakes are to die for. You MUST get them. Also a must are the stone crabs. I don't usually like cold crab but these are succulent. The sauce they serve to dip them in is amazing.
5	Every year we go to Vegas with friends. Every year they drag me to Joe's for lunch. Every year I slog through it because I'm not a seafood lover and I hate big lunches.This year, we went for dinner, and it made all the difference. First, I was HUNGRY! Got a lovely (round) table for 8 in the back on Friday night. Service was impeccable. Friendly, attentive & charming. While everyone else was happily seafooding-out, I ordered the double cut lamb chops with mint chimichurri. "That's a hidden treasure", said our server.  Was she ever right. 3 or 4 big, meaty, double-cut chops. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. Great selection of craft brews (I had a Stone Pale Ale and Ruination ale).Nice to have meat/beef options that are truly a delight, and not just an afterthought. They brought dessert for our friends birthday, too. Wonderful. Great food, great atmosphere, great service, worth every penny. Well worth the $100/head.
5	The best of the best,Alaskan king crab and decently priced wine,Delicious!!!
5	Simply a great crab restaurant! I can't. I'm surprised I'm giving them five stars, but they deserve it. We actually went specifically for the stone crab claws, which they were out of :( now I know it's best to call ahead. But they won me back with solid food and great service. The crab bisque was perfect. It was strong and flavorful without being sour or fishy. The crab cakes were the real deal, big tasty lumps of crab meat with just  barely enough bread crumbs to hold them together. Prefect. Our server was charming and commiserated with our disappointment at not finding the stone crabs available. I'll be back, but next time I'll call ahead.
5	The Stone Crab was very good. I believe I had maybe 5 claws and days later, I want more. Anyways, I ended up with a steak which was very good and juicy. Environment was really great and the waiter was funny and had really good suggestions. Will definitely eat here again and if you've never had Crab before, try the Stone Crab Claws and you'll be very satisfied
4	- The Manhattan clam chowder was average - The stone crab was nice and meaty- The king crab was the best I've ever had.  Rich and  buttery and that was before I dipped it in butter- The rib eye was cooked perfectly at medium rare. It was a perfect center cut, with mostly eye and just a sliver of ny strip.  The seasoning made it perfect- Fast, efficient, and friendly service
5	I cannot wait to come back to Joes! the place is beautiful and quiet just the way I like it. The servers were very professional and friendly.. they wasted no time greeting us with a smile. We ordered a bottle of wine and within 2 minutes the wine was opened and everyone's glass was filled.   They brought out bread bowls with 4-5 different types of WARM bread and that nice soft butter we all love. The best part of the meal were the oysters we got... I am a BIG oyster person and these have to be some of the best I've had on the half shell.. so fresh!!  For dinner most of us ordered the combo lobster tail with a petite filet mmmm one of the best steaks I have ever had! The steak was so so juicy, tender and full of flavor (get medium rare, it's always best) The lobster tail was good not exactly the way I like it cooked but everyone else loved it. This combo plate seemed so small when it came out but once we started eating we realized nobody could finish it and we should have all split our plates.   We also got brussel sprouts which were some of the best I've had! In the end they brought out a yummy giant warm brownie for my birthday dessert. Overall the experience was amazing.. The bill came out to about $650 but we all got steak and lobster, oysters, tons of sides and two bottles of wine so not too bad when you look at it that way! can't wait to come back and be a pig again.
4	Very nice meal.  The lobster bisque is really TO DIE FOR!  The lobster Surf n Turf is the Business!  I also had an order of crab legs with the filet, however not as tasty as the lobster for sure!  Wonderful restaurant! Loved the lay-out and decor!
1	Egads!!  As locals, we go to Joe's 5-6 times a year for pleasure and business, usually the food and service is outstanding, last night, for Christmas dinner, it was horrendous on both fronts. We made reservations about a week in advance.  They called us that morning to confirm - then told us they could not find our reservation on the phone.  When we arrived, they told my wife they could not find the reservation, when my wife offered to show the confirmation number on her mobile phone the host says "let me do my job."  After 3 minutes he then asks to see the confirmation number.  We finally get seated, and it gets worse.We order dinner, drinks, and appetizers.  25 minutes after taking our order we are informed that the whole maine lobster is no longer available, we had ordered 2.  We then re-order. lobster tails and chiliean sea bass.  When the food arrives, our side dishes are missing.  One lobster tail was over-cooked, one under-cooked, and the seabass was bland.  The sides finally arrived more than mid-way through our entrees - the waitress apologizes, and says the sides will be taken off the bill.  We had also asked for refills on the bread - three times, which finally arrives when the plates are cleared.The manager comes over, and acts annoyed that he has to apologize for the service and food.  Naturally when the bill comes, the sides are not taken off.   We were so bothered by the lack of concern, we paid the bill and left.  It will be awhile before we return to Joe's.
5	This place changed my life!! I had never had stone crab until I came to Joe's and it is AMAZING!!! The service here is great. Atmosphere is a little dull, but service and food make up for it. They have these onion rolls in the bread basket that are delicious!!! Had fantastic calamari, decent salad and perfectly cooked filet, but next time would only get stone crab! Yum!!!
5	Wow,  one-of-a-kind the seafood it was amazing,  tasty and price fair . definitely will go back again and again. Service was extremely good
4	My husband and I LOVE Stone Crab. When we were in town and at Ceasars before a show we were delighted to see this restaurant. The interior is classy, slightly antiquated but very pleasant and comfortable. My husband got steak which was amazing. Probably the best we've had since Peter Luger in NYC. That is a HUGE compliment coming from us. I got the stuffed sole. The portion was small but very tasty. We got the Stone Crab appetizer which was incredibly delicious and probably the best deal on the menu. The server was very friendly and accommodating. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because it's a little pricey. There are a ton of food options in Vegas and we've tried many of them. This is the only place we will make a point to return to. Excellent!
5	Love stone crabs!  So good!! And I haven't been anywhere else where I have seen stone crabs on the menu so it's always a must do when in Las Vegas!  The restaurant is nice, the service was great!  Have to love the bread basket - my favorite would be the pretzel bread and they give you more if you ask, no problem.  Dessert was fantastic too!!!!!  Their key lime pie is their signature - and it is a definite must do!
5	Everything here is great from the service to the wine list, but I only have one very serious recommendation. King Crab Legs! Served table side with drawn butter. Yes they are expensive, but absolutely the most amazing thing I have ever eaten. They redefine what crab should taste like and you should not leave here without trying them. I split a caesar salad and an order of the legs with my mom and it was more than enough food.I will be back for the legs!
5	I can't say anything bad about this place it's been almost a week since I ate here and I'm still thinking about this place... The waitress was amazing, the atmosphere was amazing, and the food was breathe taking. I had the Shrimp dinner and I was blown away. Fresh large shrimp cooked to perfection. My best friend who was celebrating her birthday had the Filet Mignon and she is also still talking about it. The Mac n cheese and potatoes were also amazing! The Brownie Ice Cream Combo that was served for my friends was amazing as well. I seriously would return to vegas just for this place!
3	Service: 3/5; Food: 4/5; Location: 2/5 (only because the hostess didn't know where she worked - see below). Overall: 3.5/5 - Would come back for the food and to try the Stone Crab.My friends and I came here pretty late with reservations at 9:30PM. (PS: Make sure to have reservations). I'll tell you now, but this restaurant is in Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace. For some reason, when we called the restaurant to ask where the restaurant was, I was told it was in the Cosmopolitan. When I called a second time, I was told it was near Planet Hollywood. FINALLY, on the THIRD call, (keep in mind I was in a taxi the whole time) I was told that it was at Caesar's Palace. Ugh. Come on now. You don't even know where you're working at!? The service, even at 9:30PM, was just alright, which is a bit disappoint since it is Vegas. We had to flag down someone several times to get our water cups filled and the food came out slowly. Our server looked and acted doubtful toward us as if he was judging us by how young we looked. (Asians just naturally look younger, but we ARE legal!!) The food itself is definitely high quality and somewhat small portions; on top of the fact that it is Vegas, the prices were definitely price-y. The Stone Crab was sold out (tip: come early if you want to try), so we settled for the king crab, six oysters, and salt and pepper shrimp. What I enjoyed was that with the crab, there was someone who would open the crab in front of you. Served with butter and lemon, the crab had a nice, sweet flavor with great texture. The oysters were creamy and came with a vinegarette and tabasco sauce. Lastly, our salt and pepper shrimp was fried and paired well with the creamy lemon aioli dip and lemon juice.The ambiance is extremely classy and has an upscale vibe. The interior decor is beautiful and seems slightly antique. Suited for both groups or dates; it's both intimate and comfortable. It is dimly light, but somehow the room glows; I'm assuming the light bounces off the decor. Overall, would return to try Stone Crab and steak, in addition to their seafood selection; although when I do come back, I hope service to be better considering their reputation is of high quality.
4	Very good stone crab, crab soup and king crab legs. Service was superb. I did think they rushed us.
4	We stopped in while shopping for a quick lunch bite at the bar.  We didn't make reservations or had heard of the restaurant, but we were pleasantly surprised at our find.  We order some Stone Crab claws and cocktail shrimp.  Excellent late lunch snack! We watched a sporting game on their numerous TVs in the bar while we shared the claws. It's pricey, but it's Vegas!
1	One of the worst "high-end" steak places we've ever been. We had to send the steak back three times and it still wasn't right. We got the stone crab claws as an appetizer which were just okay but for $60 for a few tiny claws, it wasn't worth it. I had the seared scallops which were dry and not flavorful. Even the brussell sprouts were every dry and unflavorful. This place really misses the mark!
4	Very pricey for somewhat fancy food. Not a fan of the high top bar tables being used for dining. Feels more like a happy hour bar with 5 star prices. Well prepared food and decent service. Stupid typical Vegas prices for eating out.
5	This is the Best place in Vegas for seafood!!! Stone Crab to die for. Great service! Pricey but you get what you pay for.
4	I used to live in South Beach.........loved the Joe's there. When we miss Stone Crabs, we go here. Love the private rooms for holidays and birthdays. Valet is right by their entrance....which is GREAT. Service is good.  Portions are perfect.  Yummy food:)
3	Pros - We had decent service and we liked the taste of the stone crabs. Crab cakes were excellent.Cons - Stone crabs are almost impossible to eat without getting shells in your mouth. The shell is hard and it could very easily chip a tooth. Also we ordered the lobster which was pretty pricey. That would have been fine except that it was way overcooked.
5	My wife and I love this restaurant. Everything on their menu is quite good. We especially loved their Manhatten clam chowder.
3	Stone Crabs ... We came to Joe's for the famous Stone Crabs ..., but they didn't have any. Why? Only Joe's knows. We should of left.Unfortunately, Joe's was already our second choice of the night (after seeing the long line at Bacchanal) and we weren't going in search of a 3rd restaurant. We were hungry, so, let's eat at Joe's.Luckily, the other food was pretty tasty. We started with some glasses of inexpensive Louis Martini Cabernet Sauvignon and a Colossal Lump Crab Cake ($17). I liked the big bits of crab that didn't require (or have) much other seasoning (4 stars). Equally, the Chilean Sea Bass with Miso Glaze & Bok Choy ($37) and 20 oz. Bone-In Rib Eye Steak ($53) were 4-star entrees. The sea bass was flaky and the miso subtle. Meanwhile, the juicy and tender rib eye was meaty despite not being an elite steak. As a side, we split a creamy Wild Mushroom Mac and Cheese ($11) that excited thanks to the mushrooms and disappointed with lame cheese (3 stars).Sadly, the service was weak. We suffered long gaps between being seated, ordering, getting food, or service. We wanted to try the acclaimed Key Lime Pie, but chose to try a different place at the Forum Shops at Caesars rather than put up with the poor service.Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab is famous in Miami for fantastic Stone Crabs and Key Lime Pie. We didn't get to try either. Instead, Joe's became a basic Joe Schmo steak and seafood chain with high prices for the average Joe.
5	Outstanding stone crab. Great atmosphere and even greater service.  I highly recommend Joe's if you love great food and service especially if you love to people watch.
3	Dinner at Joe's was half tasty.We got to Joe's without a reservation at 6:30. The host told us it would be 30 minutes, but actually had a table for us in 10 minutes. The problem however was that our table was in the over crowded bar and not in the restaurant in the back. We literally had a group of guys leaning on our table for about 10 minutes during our meal. The atmosphere was abhorrent. The only thing worse than the atmosphere was the service. Our waitress seemed grumpy and unhappy. We ran out of butter for our pre dinner bread, our food took forever to come out and when we were done our meal we waited for lemon water or hot towels, but ended up going got the bathroom to wash our hands. The hot towels arrived approximately 5 minutes after we were done eating. When I am done eating crab I don't want to wait 5 minutes to wipe my hands down. In my opinion the hot towels in a high end steak and seafood joint should be brought out 5 minutes before you are done, not after.The meal itself was ok. The only thing I would get again was the medium stone crab. We got some of the large and medium, there wasn't much difference in size, and they tasted the same. I think you get more meat for less money with the medium. The mustard sauce they are served with is really good. We ordered fries and onion rings to go with them, the fries were decent, but nothing to write home about. The saddest onion rings in the world are onion straws, and that is what we got. I wanted a solid steakhouse onion ring and instead I got an over salted mess of greasy thin cut onions.Overall Joes gets a pass from me, but if I was to go back I would have a reservation for the restaurant and I would take a pass on half of what I ordered.
5	Great eating experience here. From the service to the food. Apparently, this is a famous chain out of Miami. We went here for my sister in-law's 40th birthday dinner. I'll just comment on what I ate.1)Appetizer: Crabcake- $16.00, not very large, split it two ways and it was delicious.2) Entree: Lobster stuffed in Sole (fish) with assorted sauces. This was very very tasty and while i'm not a huge seafood fan this was one of my more memorable fish eating experiences.3) Desert: Compliments of the house a brownie slice topped with ice cream and whipped creme for her birthday.. well use your imagination on how it tasted.Highly recommended and apparently the stone crabs are top notch.
2	Very mediocre place for the price. I'm glad I didn't order a steak for $50 after tasting the other food. Clam chowder and crab cake were not bad. Fisher mans platter was bad. Chewy seafood and lukewarm to almost cold food. Waiter service also bad. Never came back to check on us until we asked that water be refilled even though she passed by our table many times. For Vegas I would rate the experience poor. Go to sw or mastros or one of the other places in Vegas for just slightly more.
2	The food was poorly executed and our server was nonexistent. Good thing the busboy was easy to flag down. We werent that hungry so got the grilled seafood combo and seafood salad. The snapper in the combo was raw in the middle(this is not seared tuna! ) and just about everything was tasteless. I think I squeezed a whole lemon in my salad to make it somewhat flavorful. They were very stingy with the seafood in my seafood salad as well. They gave us free dessert since the fish was raw but I had no desire to eat it since everything was so bad.
4	I've been to this location and the location in Chicago a few times, and has been a home run each time!I will say, that i tried Joe's scallops this time, and wasnt a big fan. I don't like the flour dusted layer on them. I loooooove the taste of scallops, and felt it took away from the great flavour. But otherwise everything else at the table was soooo gooood!My Mom had the dover sole, which had tremendous table side service. They fileted the fish right at the table, and not a single bone to be found!Great wine list too! We reserved through Open Table and very lucky we did! The place was rammed by 5:30pm! Definitely recommend reservations!
1	I wasted  $62 on Joe's Tasteless Crabs. They use another adjective, but it implies how intoxicated one would                   have to be to hallucinate flavour for these crabs. Squeezing a lemon wedge on them saved them from nothingness. They came with a mustard sauce which obliterated the crab's lack of taste. Unlike this taste violation, their baked tomatoes with spinach puree and cheddar is a wonder to behold, and worth the long walk from the Excalibur. Even their tea was terrible. The service was surly and getting a towel to save my fingers from terminal crabbiness took some doing. I had walked by this restaurant a couple of years ago and thought they must do something wonderful with crabs to name their restaurant Joes Stone Crabs.. Maybe in Miami. Here it is all sauce, and sauceless crabs are tasteless crabs, and a waste of their lives and my dollars. Avoid the universe this restaurant is in.
5	Went here with the hubby on Tuesday night last week, and dinner was wonderful! I am a HUGE seafood lover, and this is probably one of the best seafood places I've had in CA or NV.  The food is fresh and very good, though a bit pricey.It's located at the very end of the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace on the bottom/street level.  If you are coming from Caesar's, it'll be in the right wing at the very end.  You'll need to take the escalator down one level.  I tried to make a reservation the day before on Open Table, but nothing was available for the entire evening for even just 2 people.So I called to ask what the wait would be for 2 people w/o reservations.  They said they don't like to give estimates on the phone because the wait times can change so quickly.  So I asked them what the average wait time would be overall, and they said anywhere from 10 - 45 minutes.So we walked over there to do a walk-in to see if they could accommodate.  At first, we got there at 6:45 pm and they told us it would be a 45 min wait.  But seeing there weren't a lot of people waiting around, we walked back up to check in on the wait at 7:05, and they were able to seat us at that time.  So our wait was just 20 minutes.Since I'm from So Cal, I can get stone crabs pretty easily at the Fisherman's Wharf in Redondo Beach or even at 99 Ranch supermarket.  They are fairly cheap to buy whole (Santa Barbara stone crabs are about $5/lb depending on the season), and the wharf or supermarket will steam them for free for you.  So that's why I didn't get stone crabs at Joe's.  But if you haven't had stone crabs before, you should definitely get them because they are probably one of my favorite types of crab to eat (and I've had all kinds).  They are meaty, easy to break because of the stone-like shell, and have a sweet flavor.  Half-dozen oysters (1 order):- I forgot what kind they were, but they were delicious.  Even my husband who isn't a fan of oysters liked these.  I think what really made it good was their fresh tasting vinegar sauce that we used with it.  The oysters were very fresh tasting with no fishy taste.  I could've probably eaten a whole dozen by myself easily.Fisherman's Platter - Grilled:- I got this and loved it.  It was a fair amount of food, though not a whole lot.  The server told me ahead of time when I asked how big the plate was that the amount of seafood added up to about 8 oz - the size of fish that they would give you on a fish plate.  With the mashed potato side we got, it was definitely enough food.  My husband tasted the scallops and remarked that they were probably some of the best he's ever had.  The seafood was very fresh, grilled with butter and maybe a bit of parsley and a bit of seasoning.  The shrimp were big and crunchy.  The squid pieces didn't taste rubbery or fishy.  The flavor was overall very good.  I would definitely get this dish again.  Lobster-stuffed Sole:My husband got this and loved it.  In fact, I was debating getting this in the beginning, and upon tasting it was kinda wishing that I had.  The sauce was like a hollandaise sauce, but not as heavy.  The fish was very tender and the sauce with the lobster was really good.  Jennie's Mashed Potatoes:These were special mashed potatoes that were very good!  They had a crunchy, cheese bread crumb type topping on them that was amazing.  The combination of the mashed potatoes with the crunchy topping was absolutely delicious.  It went perfectly with our meal, and I would definitely get these again.  I don't think I've run into any other place that makes their mashed potatoes like this.  Very good and filling!Overall, this is a great seafood place.  If there was one of these places in So Cal, I would probably frequent it for most special occasions.  It's a bit pricey, but well worth it if you're wanting a nice good meal.  The service was great and the food was great.  The only thing was that we were seated at a table near the bar and there was a HUGE group of like 20 people that came in and were standing around by the bar (and hence our table).  Our poor server had to squeeze by them each time she walked over to us.  So it got pretty loud in there, though we were still able to enjoy our food.
5	NOM NOM NOM. I started with the wedge salad that was pretty tasty, even with the bleu cheese crumbles! I also had babe start with the Crab Bisque - it' comes in a TINY bowl. Like, it's totally small. I'm not sure if they have other sizes or not but our server didn't ask us if we wanted a bowl or a cup but anyways it was QUITE good. For my entree it was between the two Scallop meals. I chose the Seared Sea Scallops with braised pork belly, cabbage and kale. The scallops were fantastic and the pork belly was melt in your mouth delish!!! Friend ordered the 8oz Petite Filet Mignon and it was cooked a perfect Medium Rare. He was actually ranting and raving about how delicious his steak was for DAYS after and he's had some good steaks in his time! We also had a side order of Stone Crabs which were delightfully cracked already and DELICIOUS! I don't usually like cold crab but it was SO good. NOM NOM NOM!!I just wanted to update that I was here again and sat in the dining room as last time we sat in the bar... The service was phenomenal and I especially loved the lemons and towels they provided at the end of our meal!The food was FAN-FREAKIN-TASTIC as usual especially the GIANT king crab legs! SO. MUCH. MEAT.!!!
5	Great oysters for happy hour. Friendly staff. I would highly reccomend it. Generous portions with most dishes and great waitstaff.  Definitly one of my favorite places to go on the strip. Highly reccomend it!
5	Forum Shops at Caesars Palace dining gem, Joe's Seafood, Prime Steak & Stone Crab is the culmination of a partnership between Lettuce Entertain You, ICON and Joe's Stone Crab, the legendary seafood restaurant of Miami Beach. Originally opened in Chicago in the fall of 2000, Joe's features an extensive selection of seafood, flown in fresh daily, to complement the world's finest Florida Stone Crab claws. Joe's has quickly built a reputation as a top steakhouse in the city of sin, featuring their signature 16 oz. New York Strip Steak. Matched with Joe's famous side dishes, dinner only gets better when capped with a slice of key lime pie.  Enjoy a generous cocktail in the bustling lounge or the tuxedo-clad service of the clubby dining room and you'll understand why dinner at Joe's has quickly become one of Las Vegas' favorite social engagements. However, if you are looking for mouth-watering eye candy waiters, don't go during lunch. FYI...they seem to only appear during the dinner shifts.Cheers,Jordan & Marks
5	This is as good as it gets! I remember the time a few years back when I came in to this steakhouse and asked them what are stone crabs?!? The server went to describe these succulent crab legs unlike any I've had before, cooked and served cold with mustard sauce....perfect! Now I love seafood and this was simply amazing.I come to Vegas from time to time and I always look forward to eating at Joe's. Sure they make great steaks, after all it is a steakhouse but these crab legs are to die for! Pair it with a martini (Sapphire straight up with olives always hits the spot!), white wine, sides of Jennys mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, green beans almondine. You can't go wrong!Servers are great and attentive. Layout of the restaurant is classy with a nice vibe to it. There is a back area for dinner reservations but I like sitting in the patio (see and be seen!) as well as the bar area. Even once a nice gentleman bought me a glass of wine. Anyway, I eat here at least 1-2 times per year during fun visits to Vegas. This location is at the end of the Forum shops right near Las Vegas Blvd (the Strip) so you see it right as you come in. or if you are coming from the casino, you have to walk a long way to get here (but it is worth it!).Oh in the bar there are a couple of HD televisions so I did take in the 2014 Sochi Olympics mens figure skating. Cool.
4	This is definitely fine dining.  The food is very good; I had the filet mignon and tasted  Jenny's mashed potatoes (a must!) and creamed spinach.  I enjoyed every bite.  The service is great; our server was well versed on the menu, which was helpful.  We split the birthday brownie sundae for dessert and it didn't disappoint.  If you have the extra money and want to enjoy a relaxing atmosphere with great food, give Joe's a shot.
5	Excellent service. Strong drinks. One of the best steaks I have ever had. ..  And I've had many D
5	Everything about dinner at Joe's was awesome. Especially on Valentines Day.We had reservations but were running late. We called and they allowed us to push it back 30 min. Who's ever on time in Vegas right?Oysters Rockefeller = Great appetizer!Stone crabs = Great appetizer!Im sure any steak would be good there. Had the 12oz filet, medium.  And guess what? It was perfectly cooked medium. I could use a butter knife to cut my steak!Then, when you think it couldn't get any better, our waiter brought over some steak spices. Just a tiny sprinkle on top of your meat and the flavor explodes! From that point on I cut my steak into even smaller bits and savored each one for some extra time. We nicknamed the spices "Steak Cocaine!"Great night! Could not have started off a better night in Las Vegas without eating dinner at Joe's first.
4	The New York Strip was amazing, but overpriced in my opinion. Sides are not very large; splitting with another person left me wanting more. Great atmosphere and staff.
2	Overpriced menu, arrogant waiters, food was just ok. With all the choices in Vegas go somewhere else.We had a group of 6 and they added 20 pct tip to our bill. $300 per couple
3	Place was okay. Was expecting a lot more due to its popularity. Service I found to be lacking. I noticed the majority of other patrons were 40+ years and over. Maybe that's why the service for us was not very good (since we were all males between 20-30 years old). Portions were average to below average. Stone crab claws were good, but pricy (to be expected). Probably would not go again, unless the person(s) I'm with wanted to go.
5	YES YES, A THOUSAND TIMES YES! My fiance took me here for my birthday. Everything down to the free bread was amazing ! We got the stuffed mushroom appetizer. I seriously dislike mushrooms but my fiance insisted and they were delicious! I was blown away! We both got the filet mingnon and OHHHH EMMMM GEEEE. It was perfect. My mouth was watering. They give you some extra seasoning just in case and I took that as well as an extra container (I asked them for it) home with me. I currently have their steak seasoning in my seasoning collection lol. We also got their mashed potatoes and I figured they'd just be regular potatoes nothing special. But wow...they put all sorts of cheese on it and bake it i believe. I got the large size and it's way too much for two people. We had to take the rest home! The server was attentive and personable. I usually assume in such a nice restaurant the servers would be stiff and boring but she was awesome !The only thing i wasnt to hot on was my birthday dessert. It was f
5	Great gluten free options. Have a gluten free menu and the waitress filled out a hot pink allergy alert card for the kitchen. I had the salmon, dairy free, with a plain baked potato.
5	I can eat my weight in crab legs, and love a good steak too.  Four of us ate at Joe's while on vacation recently.  I expected to eat crab legs, but the current market price of $75+ for King Crab was a little more than I expected.  The Surf & Turf combo was cheaper at about $55 and came with King Crab legs & a petite filet, so I chose it.The steak was prepared, as requested, a perfect medium rare, tender, juicy, flavorful, and a small dish of Joe's seasoning was served on the side.  Two giant, pre-cracked Alaskan King Crab legs came with it, served with a butter sauce.  Everything was delicious.I sampled food from the others in our party, one got exactly the same as me, another got scallops, which were pretty good (I'm very picky about scallops) and my better half got the Parmesan Crusted Grouper which was quite tasty as well.We shared an order of Oysters Rockefeller as an appetizer, not the best I've had, but still quite good.We also shared an order of the cheesy mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus.  I wasn't wild about the potatoes, though others in our party liked them.  The potatoes to me were mostly Parmesan cheese with a little bit of potato.  The asparagus was great, but it's pretty hard to screw up grilling asparagus.The highlight of our experience was our waiter, I believe his name was Daniel, he was extremely helpful with the menu, descriptions, portion sizes, and drink selection.  Very friendly, there when we needed him, but didn't hover.  Daniel is one of the best waitstaff I've ever experienced.  Thanks Daniel!I also experienced a tasty locally brewed ale thanks to Daniel's suggestion, Tenaya Creek Calico Brown Ale.  It was delicious and paired great with the steak.
4	Order the cucumber martini, even if you're not a gin fan. The flavor converted one of my friends!
5	We have be coming to Joe's for a few years now. Ever since we have had their king crab legs. It is a must visit when ever we come to Vegas. They crack them and all you have to do is eat them. It's the ultimate in customer service. Remember to always make a reservation because they are always busy. You will know why when you come try the place. Excellent food. worth a look.
5	Nothing to say but excellent food and excellent service. You will not be disappointed
4	It's hard to pick a place to eat in Vegas, because there are so many options! This one was easy, we wanted seafood and we were walking around The Forum Shop at Caesars. We ended up going with Joe's. It was still fairly early at noon for lunch, which I'm sure half the town isn't even awake yet. We didn't have reservations, but there were plenty of tables available. The service was great, our server was fun, personable, attentive and sweet. We asked a bunch of questions about the Stone Crabs, since I've never heard of them. And they were really good at explaining what they were, how they were prepared and even brought out all the different crabs and sizes for us to pick the right order. We tried the stone crab, medium size with 7 claws to an order at $39. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=lJ0pQBaB2fgsDagflH1AGg&userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqggThe stone crabs were delicious. Already cracked, easy to peel and dipped in a tangy creamy horseradish sauce. Also from reading the menu, they explained a bit about the crab claws, how they are harvested and then released back in the wild, and apparently the claws grow back. I had no idea. We also tried an order of Rockefeller Oysters, which were also very good. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=T3GL3566MoyyKhPu0WFvsw&userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqggMain dish was the lobster wrapped in sole. I am a big fan of sole, so I just had to try this one. It was also very tasty, with some wonderful mushrooms and tomatoes on top to garnish. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=yfCESqL7zm7byTlE9jUdww&userid=h4o8e_Xbca2kXQO_vzOqggAlong with the fish, we had a small side order of wild mushroom mac n cheese. It was very creamy, but just a tad bland for my taste. All in all, the bill came out to about $100 for all the food. I came out stuffed with seafood. And it was a very pleasant meal. No complaints here! I would definitely come back and try more of the meats next time around.
5	The annual golf and gambling trip....six guys ready to eat and our first time there.  We had great food.  Steaks, scallops and fish were ordered for entrees.  We had the whale, a shell fish app and this was superb.  Sides of asparagus, mushrooms and green beans were great.  Best thing I had was Joe's cole slaw.  WOW!  Marinated in 4 vinegars and a touch of Hellman's mixed at table with tongs.  Everyone raved!!  Peppermint ice cream with hot fudge sauce was outstanding.  All was great and our waiter Neil K. was excellent.  We talked sports....he and I both Bob Huggins UC fans and Cincy sport fans!  Thanks for a great meal!
5	All I have to say is amazing service, amazing seafood, tasty steaks...it was all AMAZING and EXCELLENT! You won't go wrong eating here. This place was so much better than so many other "steakhouses" I've been to this past year. YUM!Oysters. Yum. Joe's stone crab. Yum. T-bone and bone in rib eye steak. Yum. Well seasoned and cooked as requested and done well. Yum. Amazing service from Thomas and everyone else.
5	The whale app was okay. Wouldn't order it again. Water was too heavily salted, shrimp was tough and stone crab was not the best that you'd expect. Scallop and shrimp ceviche was good! Petite filet and king crab was outstanding! I'm not even a filet fan and frown on people who order it for its lack of flavor... It was perfect withy the king! Roasted cauliflower with sage brown butter a classic but very good. And the lump crab cakes were the best I've had!
1	It takes a good 15-20 minutes to navigate through the casino and we had early reservations.   Needless to say we were a few minutes late but guess what?  Even though there were plenty of empty tables we STILL had to wait.   $39 for 7 claws with hardly any meat.   Scallops were lightly fried (this is really just a way to hide that you can't cook scallops right).   The mushroom stuffed spinach was mushy and hard to eat.  The potatoes had hard parts and were overcooked.   We ate at 5 places that were "destination" style places and this was the worst.   Finally, "Joe", our waiter, was more interested in serving the table of 20-30 people (even though it wasn't his table) than making sure we had our bottle of wine poured (we got a busser to do it).   Why would I server need to pour our wine?  It was a bottle of white that they didn't keep chilled tableside but instead near the center column 40 feet away from us.It was a poor experience.  Find a better fish house.  Mastro's will be our go to next time.
4	Decent service but good seafood and meat to satisfy your needs. Make reservations so you don't have to wait long to get seated. I made reservations and though I was about 10 mins late, we were still seated right away. Be sure to use the Valet Parking where the Forum shop is near Las Vegas Blvd. Easier to navigate right to Joe's. First came the free bread. None are the same and you get 5 different types to try. In my opinion, all were great. The one with sesame I liked the most. We started with a half dozen order of oysters and though the oysters were good, I've had better. We then ordered 7 Stone Crab claws to split with my wife. Great part about this is that they come cracked already and I definitely recommend getting it. Great tasting and fresh, you can't go wrong with this.  For the main, I got their Bone-In Filet Mignon. Priced around $55, this is definitely worth it. Nice huge sized filet mignon that's cooked perfectly and they give you additional steak seasoning on the side if you need it. Bad thing is that the $55 doesn't come with any sides which I don't think any of those do. You will have to order their sides separately. Good thing is that it's a large portion so it isn't too bad if you're sharing. I recommend ordering the mashed potatoes. One of the best I've had and yet it was so good and great serving, we couldn't finish it. Place is a bit expensive but it's worth the price. Service could be a bit better but wasn't too bad. Just that we waited for about 20-30 mins before our main dishes came out. I would probably come back again and try something else on their menu but can't go wrong with the bone-in filet mignon, stone crab claws and mash potato.
5	Amazing! Great food, great service. We had the stone crab which was amazing! I had a filet mignon which was cooked perfectly. The only complaint I have is that it doesn't feel like a nice fine dining atmosphere. Two thumbs up. Get the stone crab!
4	We always dine at Joe's whenever we are in town. The Alaskan king crab is definitely my favorite as well as their seafood chopped salad. If you aren't a salad person trust me you'll love this one! Since the Alaskan king crab is so good and meaty the stone crabs are whatever.The portions are generous and the quality is fresh. A restaurant you must try!
5	A M A ZING!!! Keith Neighbours is hands down the best server ever
5	All these Vegas trips and I have not set foot into this place??WHY??! Well probably because this was a business trip and no partying was involved in this trip. :PStone crab to die for.Service is superb and the waitress was very attentive to our needs.
5	so good crab fish steak all a+++Plus I even got a fresh lemon and towel after I ate my crab so I could write this review!!! Amazing
5	I haven't started with the meal yet but they have surely for my vote with bread alone! Got the Joes classic lunch with stone crabs, great price and combination if you wanna just try the stone crabs...boyfriend got the fried chicken, they mentioned that chix takes 20 mins and its worth the wait... oysters Rockefeller is good!
5	Steak was delicious!  Crab cakes were all crab no fillers.  The server was wonderful!  Well worth every penny!
5	Even though we are Vegas locals for nearly 3 years, this was our first trip to Joe's and it did not disappoint. For starters, the stone crab appetizer is amazing. The claws are bigger than i thought they would be and very delicious. They come with a good mustard type dipping sauce. The Oysters Rockafella is the best that i ever had and I have had alot over the years. For the main course we had the King Crab Legs which they cut with a scissors for you a the table making them very easy to eat. They are so big and so much of them that i couldnt even finish and needed to get some to go. Every piece of crab is at least the size of a hotdog. You don't have to work to hard to enjoy them. The other main course was crab stuffed shrimp. Needless to say that was great also. For cocktails we had the Reisling and the Bloody Mary. Best Bloody Mary I have had that I can remember. It comes with a large shrimp in the glass and the rim is a great mixture giving it that extra flavor. The service was great. Very professional yet friendly to joke around with.  Make sure you ask for Troy if you want good service. He took great care of us and we will make sure to see him again next time.
4	I love Joe's!  It's a favorite spot of friends and family that come to town.  I like that compared to STK, for example, it's more quite and refined.  It has an Old Boy's club feel to it.  The times I have been here was with groups of 5-12 but I think it's also perfect for date night if seated in one of their booths.  I've tried the chicken, steak, lobster bisque, key lime pie to name a few items and none of them have disappointed. Pretty generous portions especially for the desserts.  Staff is also excellent which at this price point is to be expected.
5	On top of all the other great reviews your reading, go for lunch and try the Liver & Onions.....yea  Liver & Onions. Be prepared to be blown away.Been here 18 years and Joe's has always been  in my top three.
4	Took my girlfriend here for her birthday and for the most part it was a good experience and good food. The service was good too. Waiter was very courteous and explained everything about themselves and the menu. We ordered the two cups of crab bisque which was good, oysters Rockefeller which I thought was ok, stone crab legs were good, crab cakes and lobster sole which was our main dishes were ok. Overall it was a good experience and service was good.
3	We had a great experience here. The food is awesome and the service is great. We ordered the Whale, a appetizer sampler and it was delicious. Someone recommended the stone crab claws, so that's what I ordered for my meal. They did not disappoint. Everyone loved their meal and the server was very attentive. It was on he pricey side, but well worth the money.
4	Joe's is a great place to get amazing surf n' turf. Located in Forum Shops inside Caesar's Palace. The ambiance is great - relaxed. The service is always good. My family and I have been coming here since we moved to Vegas - food and service have been pretty consistent. I try to keep my visits to a minimum due to my allergies.Stone Crab Claws:Meaty and sweet crab claws. The shells are already cracked for you so it's easy to just remove the shells and eat crab meat. 4/5Petite Filet Mignon and Jumbo Alaskan King Crab:Filet mignon is my favorite cut since I'm not a fan of animal fat. I ordered mine medium-rare and that's what I got on my plate.  4/5Try the crab bisque too, you won't regret it!
3	Kind of disappointing for the price.  I ordered a filet Oscar rare, as it should be, and confirmed that they understand what "rare" means.  My steak came out medium-well!  Kind of dry and had lost a lot of the flavor and tenderness you expect from a properly cooked filet.  I didn't send it back since it had already taken a while and we had a show reservation after dinner.  I didn't want to risk the time.The price is commensurate with any top-end steak house, but the result wasn't.We also had some of their famous crabs and they were very good.  The claws were pre-cut enough to make it pretty easy to get the meat out.  Their mustard sauce for the crab was very good, though honestly I prefer them with just butter.Service was very friendly, and she was really helpful on picking out menu items and her knowledge of the ingredients was perfect.I don't think I'd try it again since for the price, I don't want to risk another blah over-cooked steak.
1	They have stone crab in the name of the restaurant.  They sell stone crab and charge you a lot of $ since they market the stone crabs as 'fresh'.  Anybody who knows what a good, fresh crab is suppose to be will know that they are sweet.  These expensive crabs are not fresh or not sweet.
5	From the obvious stone crab claws to the always popular fried chicken, Joe's never disappoints, regardless of whether you're dining at the original in Miami or newer locations in Vegas. Make sure to get the cole slaw and salmon au poivre, and then finish with the peanut butter pie or key lime pie (which we didn't get this time because my wife's is better) but skip the chocolate fudge pie which was disappointing.
5	Unbelievably delicious! Prices are kinda steep and high but u get what u pay for. I went here last time with my fiancee and fam, and we enjoyed everything! I mean from the mashed potatoes, mac n cheese, onion strings, oysters (i dont even like oysters), to of course the stone crab. Even down to the bread. There's only 3 locations i believe in Chicago, Miami, and Vegas. We were all saying how they should open one up in LA. They have to... it would make a killing. But for the time being, since vegas is the closest, looks like we'll have to make a trip back soon.
4	I checked out this place with a buddy of mine for lunch while the rest of the party crew (unce unce unce) was battling hangovers back in the hotel room. The food can be pricey, but hey it's seafood and we're in Vegas and "turn down 4 what" right? We ordered a couple orders of stone crab claws along with hash browns and cole slaw. The crab was a hitter along with the mustard (mustard on the best ho!) sauce that was served with it. And that key lime pie to top it all off was money. Ca ching!
5	You must try Joe's Seafood if you are visiting LAS VEGAS.  Located inside Cesar palace "Forum Shop" consider as an upscale "Chain" restaurant in the States. While visiting City of Sin we had a lovely lunch on the "outdoor" patio of Joe's, watching all the shopper's go by, certainly jealous of the beautiful seafood dishes being piled on our tables :-) Joe's gets pretty busy and therefore I highly recommend reservation. The service was impeccable along with terrific food and great selection. It was an all around great experience. Upon arrival server brought us Bread basket, The bread basket comes with at least five different kinds of bread. The pretzel rolls and onion rolls were outstanding. As far as food goes, Server suggested we should try the SEAFOOD Chopped Salad (she promised we won't be disappointment) and Oh my goodness was she right. It was the best Seafood Salad I have ever tasted and the price was just right vs most of the other selections on the menu (ONLY $18.95) We also tried the Colossal Lump crab cake which was beyond tasty and a bowl of Crab Bisque so creamy and good. I highly recommend Joe's!!! You won't be disappointed!
5	I had a wedding reception in the GiGi Room last Saturday. I couldn't have asked for a better day and the Joe's staff was a huge part of the reason. Given that the reception is the most expensive portion of the wedding, I was concerned that everything was going to go well because we were planning from California. Nicole was the coordinator for the room and she did a great job. She was very helpful and responded to e-mails quickly. She was available for us to test AV equipment and helped us store our Joe, server manager, for the night did a great job communicating and provided wonderful service for us. I may be biased because it was my own wedding but this was the best wedding reception food I have ever had. My filet mignon was cooked perfectly and the sides were amazing. Too bad I wasn't hungry with all the adrenaline of getting married.
3	Great food but the atmosphere left something to be desired. We had the loudest most obnoxious man at the table next to us. We had intended on a nice dinner just the two of us and ended up with hearing only his delightful stories about surgeries (in detail) and births and oh so much more... If I was to go back I would order out, but never going back, I lost my appetite and the waiter came once the whole time we were there. Small tables (party of two) apparently aren't worth their time. Not impressed
5	Best dinner I've had ever! I had the shrimp, which was delicious. But my coworker had the Chilean sea bass and it was amazing! He highly recommends it!
5	The staff was professional, accommodating and entertaining,  had aome of the best crab legs I've ever had. Highly recommended. .
2	Stopped by for lunch. Place was busy, but we were still seated right away. We had the Ahi Tun Tartare (ok, albeit a bit bland) and the Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail (4 shrimp - 3 terribly overcooked, the fourth just barely edible). Continue on to the Stone Crab Claws, which were ok, but nothing special at $45 per order, and the Seared Ahi Tuna, which was cooked nicely. Best thing we ate was the grilled asparagus. Had a Chardonnay and a Riesling that were fine.Service was spotty, appetizer plates and some cutlery were cleared and not replaced. Had to ask for a knife and fork again. Took a while to locate our server and get the bill to show up.All in all we left severely underwhelmed. $200 lunch for two should at least have the main proteins cooked to an edible state.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants. I've never been disappointed in  the service or the food. It's a bit expensive, but worth every penny. I highly recommend the seafood salad. I had a crab stuffed shrimp special that was also spectacular.  Go! You'll love it.
3	This place is not bad but not that best place I've ever been.  We had stone crab claws and stuffed shrimp for apps, for dinner I had Chilean Sea Bass with pan fried corn. Apps were great and dinner was pretty good too. The bass was not the best piece of sea bass I've ever had but it wasn't the worse either. Now, that corn was crazy bananas good. If you don't get anything else, get the corn.
5	There are few restaurants in Vegas that put in the work the way they do at Joes. Every time we go we are impressed but our last visit was beyond wonderful. We had the pleasure of being waited on by Linda and she made our evening perfect. We were celebrating our first wedding anniversary and she timed each course brilliantly to allow us time to enjoy our meal and each other! At the end of the meal although we were headed home to eat "wedding cake" she gifted us with a slice of pie. The food is always good at Joe's and the service is top notch!
5	Seafood salad is super good u gotta try it $19 is worth lobster shrimp an crab u cant go wrong wit dat
5	Off the hook one of my favorite spots in Vegas.  We don't often go back to the same joint each year but I have entertained at Joe's two years in a row.  The service is amazaing the most professional waiters you have ever seen.  Decidant seafood platter app' is amazing and a must.  The sweet corn and crispy hash browns must be ordered (this was at the direction of our great waiter - he was RIGHT!)  I will keep coming back year after year!
3	I hate giving this restaurant a poor review, but I feel like it's justified, as my overall expectations were not met. I went to Joe's this past weekend to celebrate my girlfriends birthday.  She loves crab, so I thought the perfect restaurant would be Joe's Stone Crab. Neither of us have ever had stone crabs before.  We had a 9PM reservation on Saturday night. After ordering, the waiter came back and informed us that they had run out of stone crabs. At first I thought he was joking, but then I realized he was completely serious.  I was initially shocked and then thoroughly disappointed that the special plans I made were now ruined.  So we canceled the stone crabs we had ordered, and the stone crabs that were in the "Whale" appetizer were substituted with a small piece of Alaskan King Crab (I felt they could have done a lot more than that).  Is a 9PM dinner in Las Vegas on a Saturday night really that late of a dinner - should I have anticipated this shortage? I don't think I should have. Let this be a warning to all that come for the claws - come early or else!I understand that the logistics of flying in a perishable product fresh every day. I do get that - I'm a rational/logical person. It doesn't change the fact that I was initially very upset, which just turned into major disappointment on this special occasion.  I mean, it's called "Joe's Stone Crab".  It's in the freaking name!  How can you run out of the very product you're named after? (That's a tongue in cheek, rhetorical question by the way - I've already acknowledged understanding the logistics.)For what it's worth, the food and service were good. Although my lobster was a bit dry on the edges (especially given the price), the sides and dessert were very good. The other food that I had sampled (NY Strip) was good as well, but if you can't cook a steak properly in Vegas, you may just as well shut your doors.  My friends all enjoyed their food and drink (although since I was footing the bill, they wouldn't have said otherwise so, who knows!). The highlights were the loaded roasted corn (excellent), hashbrowns, and the peanut butter pie (skip the banana cream pie).  They were nice enough to bring my girlfriend a dessert at the end for her birthday (although this was after we had ordered two desserts to share among five of us). I guess it was a nice gesture, but why didn't they offer that before we ordered dessert? We just took it with us, and it wasn't very good the next day.The service was friendly and unobtrusive.  The waiter deterred us from getting two different versions of the hashbrowns as they portions are very large, and we were very glad he did. The restaurant added an automatic gratuity of 18% for our table of five, which I'm glad the waiter pointed out to me. I found this a little odd, because I think in the long run, automatic gratuity for small parties doesn't favor the waitstaff. I typically tip about 20% on the pre-tax subtotal because it's easy to calculate, so I wasn't taken back by it either.I feel like I could have had the same steak and lobster type dinner at one of two dozen restaurants in Vegas, without the long walk through the Caesar's mall (ten-fifteen minute walk from taxi to restaurant) and the bitter disappointment at the beginning of the meal.  Would I have gone to this restaurant knowing they didn't have Stone Crabs? Certainly not.  Will I attempt to dine there again in the future?  Probably not at that location. I will wait until I make it to Miami so I can have reasonable assurance they will not run out of stone crabs.
3	As far as steakhouses go, I wasn't impressed.  The steak was good but not inline with the price.  I enjoyed the bisque but the grilled asparagus lacked that steak house quality I've come to expect from other steak houses.  I arrived early for my reservation and the bartender was helpful while I waited.  Their list of scotch is decent, at best.
5	Most incredible meal I've ever had, and I used to live in New York City, people. My server was so friendly, and even suggested that we share the bone in filet cooked to medium rare with the king alaskan crab (she said it was better than the stone crab.) And i Have to agree. Absolutely superb. My meal was two weeks ago and I'm STILL thinking about it.Please open a restaurant in LA!
5	Very glad we found this restaurant. Our plan was to arrive to our hotel and then walk over to the Cheese Cake Factory for dinner. The wait for the CCF was 2 hours and we were starving. We passed this restaurant in the mall and figured we would give it a try. What a wonderful surprise. I thought we might be under dressed to eat here, but they let us in. Typically when you go to a restaurant you get steak sauce, this place gave you mixed salts. OMG, it was wonderful. It was a great meal. Will definitely return if we ever go back to Vegas.
4	I LOVE Joe's. I was here last year on a business dinner and came back around for a repeat with a girlfriend from work. The service and food are both wonderful. Obviously, we came for surf n' turf and we both left stuffed and happy (and, for being on the Las Vegas Strip, the prices are the same as you would find at any higher-end steakhouse - nothing on the menu seemed outrageously inflated).Our charming server ("Steven" or "Stephen", he-of-the-Awesome-Bulgarian-Accent) suggested we start off with the Shrimp de Jonghe appetizer (i.e., a fancy name for scampi): six plump shrimps, basting in a super-garlicky sauce. Delicious. Joe's also provides a very ample basket of mixed breads (soft pretzel, dinner roll + a savory bacon-y ciabatta that my friend LOVED). We both ordered surf 'n turf: petit filet mignon (I chose the Alaskan King crab and my friend had lobster). We also split an order of the Hashed Brown potato and the grilled asparagus with Romesco sauce. My steak was a little overcooked in the interior and a little ash-y charred on the outside. However, the crab legs were delicious (and already split down the middle for me), so I flaked and dunked those bad boys in the clarified butter.The presentation and texture of the Hashed Brown was awesome: a golden brown and crusty mound of fluffy-on-the-inside starchy goodness (but a little lacking in flavor). But the grilled asparagus was absolutely delicious (and I don't really like asparagus that much), and the cherry tomato Romesco sauce was truly the star of the dish (we both loved the delectable tomatoes - sweet, chunky, delicious). The generously-portioned sides could easily be shared between 2-3 people.We finished off with two desserts (we were both veritable piggies that night): wedges of lemony cream cheese pie with strawberry sauce (my friend's favorite), and fudge pie (my favorite!). They were both about as good as dessert can get.To reiterate, our server was excellent: he looked like a possible secret agent assassin, had a fabulous accent, provided attentive (but not smothering) service with a flourish (he snapped our photo), and we never felt rushed or like a nuisance (and we lingered over dinner for close to three hours, chatting, sipping and and forking around - hehe). Service nailed a 5-star rating as perfect.
5	Delicious sea foodOrdered shrimp Dr jhong which was awesomeThe entree was salmon.. The fish was very good.. But too much butter. They probably use butter instead of oil for everythingService was awesomeAmbience is  average but not great
3	Located inside the Forum Shops inside Caesar's Palace, it is a cute place with outside seating if you want to have a nice meal by the water fountain and secretly people watch. Not to mention, it is conveniently located right next to Vosges Haut Chocolat (I highly recommend their boxes of truffles). My dining experience can be best described as mediocre. Great intentions, questionable execution. I really wanted to like this restaurant but my expectations were not met. Two of the things I absolutely love is steak and seafood. When you have a restaurant that is known for both, you'd think this is food heaven. Unfortunately, I was quite disappointed. Bread basket- I usually don't talk about the bread but this one deserves it's own review. It is delicious. The variety is great. The pretzel mini loaf is really cute. Filet mignon- sadly, it is unimpressive. It had a slight off flavor to it and too salty. And a pet peeve of mine at steak houses is when I asked for steak to be on the rare side, it comes out dry and well done. Alaskan king crab- also quite salty as well and nothing special. Served with lemon and butter. Jennie's mashed potatoes- Not too bad but it also wasn't memorable either. Lyonnaise potatoes- Pretty good. I enjoyed eating it. Key Lime Pie- signature dessert was okay. Not my personal preference. Havana Dream Pie- Yum. This one is delicious. Might be a bit too sweet but still good. Served with slices of strawberries. It is soft, creamy, and sweet. Banana Cream Pie- This one is my favorite dessert. It is delicious. Not too sweet. Great banana flavor. light and airy. The service here is friendly and efficient. A tad bit unrefined and awkward at times. Slapping a spoon on a plate and served our side dishes cafeteria style. An elbow almost knocking someone out. And taking someone's eating utensils while they were still using them. Maybe I'm being overly picky but I'm comparing the service with other $$$ restaurants and it does lack a certain refinement. Would I come back again? I might just to give this place one more chance. I really wanted to like it but it was way below expectations.
5	Most delicious crab legs in the whole wide world !!   I'm a big Mac and cheese lover and the mushroom Mac n cheese is the best I've ever had !!! If there were 6 stars I would have put that !!!!
4	Deeelicious. Came here for lunch and ordered a bit of everything - two orders of stone crab claws, fried chicken, giant shrimp STUFFED WITH CRAB CAKES, and a seafood salad. The fried chicken was definitely the surprise winner, and service was excellent.
5	Simply amazing.My husband and I recently celebrated our anniversary here and our experience was absolutely phenomenal.  Food was delicious and service was perfection.This is what we ordered:- Crab bisqueI am so glad that I found another place in town that has awesome crab bisque because my favorite is actually a lobster bisque that I had once at Treasures (Yeah...not someplace don't find myself returning to just for bisque =P ) It is super rich and flavors are just right.  I loved dipping some of the bread from the bread basket in it. My husband had a few spoonfuls and loved it.- BLT Wedge saladFrom what I tasted, it was OK. Definitely had better.  Still love the "bacon salad" at Del Frisco's Double Eagle steakhouse though.- Stone crab (medium)You get 7 nice size claws. Definitely enough to share between two people.  The best part was the mustard dipping sauce!- Copper river sockeye salmon w/ key lime butterEver since I had this kind of salmon in Alaska, I've been hooked.  It has just the right amount of fat and is not dry.  Mine was cooked to perfection at medium.- Dry aged bone in rib eyeDelicious, no complaints here. After all of that, there was barely any room for dessert; however, we were presented with a complimentary anniversary dessert.  The brownie and vanilla ice cream was basic, nothing special.  We did ask our server about dessert recommendations for next time.  The key lime pie is a gimme and we were intrigued our servers description of the Havana pie (like tres leches!!).Reservations highly recommended! We look forward to coming back =)
5	Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab has been around for 100 years. That should tell you something. Awesome steaks, great crab stuffed shrimp and above all the Stone Crabs. I have been there a 1/2 dozen times and they always meet my expectations. The Somelier could use a bit of a peronality adjustment for the gratuity they charged, but that was a small negative.
5	Wow, this place is really great.  Of course, it is pricey but definitely worth it.  To save some money, you can order off of the Bar Menu selection.  This is what the people in my party did, and the food was no less delicious for it.  To start, the bread was quite tasty.  For dinner, I ordered the Beef Tenderloin Sandwich and substituted sweet potato fries for regular (at no additional cost).  Joe's serves this sandwich akin to sliders, with three small sandwiches on the plate.  The tenderloin was excellent quality, and the bread it was served on was phenomenal.  One other person in my party ordered the Ribeye Sandwich, also from the Bar Menu, and was able to substitute a salad for fries.  This sandwich is served on a sub-type roll.  A very good quality sandwich as well.  We ordered grilled asparagus as a side, which I would say was the only disappointing part of the meal.  It's not that the asparagus was bad, but I feel they charge too much for the quantity given.  When it came time for dessert, the waitress explained they are all homemade.  I had several questions, which she patiently answered and described in further detail the desserts I asked about.  She also explained that each dessert is large enough to share, and they also have "half sizes" not listed on the menu.  I decided to share the Chocolate Fudge cake, which was heavenly.  The other person in my group had the Key Lime Pie, which was not a portion large enough to share, but was described by them as the best they've ever had.  I was thrilled with this restaurant and would recommend it to anyone.
5	Been awhile since I've been here, but I just remember the burger with white cheddar being fabulous! Unfortunately the last time I came I wasn't able to order one since they had sold out for the day): Just goes to show how delicious they are.
2	Went on saturday evening with family.  Frankly, was disappointed.  Service was slow.  Food was ok, but I've had way better for the prices.  They never came to clean the crumbs off the table, never refilled our water, took the bread off the table to refill, never returned.  Filet was supposed to be midrare, came out cold and raw.  Ahi tuna was supposed to be seared, came out grey and completely unseasoned.  Gave the sides to the wrong people.  Took 20 minutes to get a beer at the table.  The wine came in reasonable time.  In short, if you want good service and great food for these prices go somewhere else.
2	Our waiter was probably overworked but we sat down and nobody came to get our drink order for 30 minutes. Then another 10 minute wait for the drinks and food order. Dinner was mediocre, the food didn't taste very good to me. I'm gluten free and had a lot of problems with the chef and the gluten free cookie they have. I'm pretty sure there was cross contamination because today I'm feeling side effects from eating gluten. It's probably a good restaurant on a day where they aren't super busy but our service was awful. I suggested this place because of the reviews and I was sorely disappointed.
4	Had stone crabs of course and oysters on the half shell.  The oysters were so smooth and chewy.  Service could have been better, however they were super crowded.  My husband had a filet and was very pleased.  I had Joe's scallops and they were quite good as well.
5	It's getting better each time.  Way to go Joe's!June 9th.  I wanted the surf and turf with the bone in filet rather than the petite and king crab legs instead of lobster.  No problem!The steak (m-r) was tender, tasty and indeed 16oz.  It was not the very best I've had, that distinction is firmly held by Kinzie Chophouse in Chicago.  But this was very, very good. (A-).  The king crab was also great.  Expertly cracked, plentiful and served with drawn butter. (Also an A-).  We had onion strings as a side.  OK, but I recommend something else. (C).My wife had the fish tacos and they were very good. (A-).We were seated immediately without reservations, so no issue there and our server was attentive and very helpful in getting me the off the menu combo I wanted. (A).
5	Our family of 7 went her Friday night to celebrate a birthday. The food was excellent. We had calamari and spinach stuffed mushrooms for appetizers. They both were excellent. The steaks had excellent seasoning and flavor. My steak was one of the best steaks I have ever had before. I highly recommend Joe's to anyone that likes great food and service. Our waitress was outstanding. She was friendly, helpful, and attentive.
5	Delicious and fresh. I've only eaten here once for lunch, but the food couldn't have been better. Great service , too.
1	DisappointedWe have been eating at Joe's for years, and it's always been one of our favorite restaurants in Vegas due to the excellent food and service.  My husband proposed to me there in 2010.  We went there last week (on the 4th anniversary of our engagement).  My husband told the maitre'd it was a special occasion, which he ignored and said "tell your waiter" (which we did).We arrived at 7 p.m.   We were rushed to order.  Our food arrived within 5 minutes (we were having cold crab legs and hot sides).  It was faster than McDonalds.  We were never asked if we would like coffee or dessert and the anniversary of our engagement was totally forgotten.  We were presented with the check at 7:25 p.m. 30 minutes after sitting down.  There were many empty tables, so the rush was very weird. Our 30 minute dinner wasn't cheap, either.  Won't be back any time soon
4	Joe's is one of the best seafood spots in Las Vegas. Starting with the bread basket and ending with the desert, everything was excellent. The lobster was huge and the server cracks it open for you. The bone-in filet was awesome and I was not expecting a steak this good at a seafood place. The claws, tails, and crab legs were also top notch. The servers are very friendly, as is the staff at the door. Overall great experience. You must go here if you enjoy seafood.They also have private rooms if you want to bring a large group there. I was recently there for a bachelor party and it was a very nice set up.
5	Chilean sea bass is hands down the best I have ever had , the king crab didn't disappoint , make sure you get it cold not warmed it's different but great , everyone's desserts were fantastic , banana creme pie , blueberry pie , and key lime pie !!If you make reservations and sit in the back restaurant you want the older server named john , fantastic server and gives you that old Vegas feel !!
5	oh my gosh i love their stone crab claws, it is so fresh you can taste the sweetness from the crab meat, and we ordered the raw oysters, they have different type of oysters but now i can't remember their name, but must try the smaller one, oh my gosh you will feel like you have taste the heaven, i always though that big oyster is the best, not until the waitress recommended me to try the smaller size one, and realize they are actually the best!!! i love their clam chowder, and i love their chilean sea bass.   there's many more dishes i would like try, but since i live in L.A., when i have a chance to be there, my top choices are still their stone crab claws and oyster :)
5	Just had my birthday dinner here and it was wonderful. They had run out of stone crab since it's not peak season, buy that did not lessen our enjoyment of our meal at all. I ordered a selection of oysters to start and they were all delicious, my boyfriend had the crab bisque which was divine. For dinner I had the rib eye which was cooked to perfection and he had the Chilean sea bass, which was also incredible. Topped off with key lime pie and a complimentary brownie ala mode it was an fantastic dining experience and the service was great!
5	Always a PLEASURE eating here. My husband & I live in Vegas, I've worked on the strip for MGM resorts international for 11 yrs n We Lve this place!!! Last night (6-29-14) our server was Ethani she was AWESOME! It was my husbands b-day n even though the host would not move us to a bigger booth cuz we were squished n expressing 2more might join. We were not accommodated. Even though we were staring at a 1/2 round bigger booth that never got sat r whole duration Ethani made us feel comfortablen she knew her menu. She made my husbands b-day(which was def. repaid in her tip. Thank u Ethani!
5	Try the Chilean Sea Bass with the miso glaze and bok choy.  It is absolutely amazing...almost divine.  I also had the BLT wedge which had two thick slices of tomato...It was probably the freshest tomato I have ever eaten.  Very sweet and perfectly firm...I could have ate the tomato by itself!Everything here is top notch, the service, the portions, the quality of their food.  It's a can't miss!
3	Service was ok. To be honest the first thing that turned me off was the host saying he hopes no one else come because his vacation starts tomorrow. The waitress was nice a little slow but ok. Food was good. Nice portion a little pricey for the quality but overall ok. I'll stick to Ruth Chris if I want a $50 steak lol
5	The Maitre'd was rude and no one wanted to eat there but we did anyway.  Jose our waiter changed our mind, he was as nice as the Maitre'd was rude. The food was great as was the atmosphere. MY NEPHEW said his steak was life changing.
5	It's funny I passed by the ad of this place whenever I drove on the freeway, and I finally went after all those years.  Me and my boyfriend went here last night for our anniversary.  We made a reservation in advanced because we weren't sure how busy they get on the weekends.  We get there and we get seated, the light and atmosphere is very romantic.  Our waiter gave us complimentary champagne, which was really nice.  The staff was very friendly and professional.He ordered the Fisherman's platter and it was delicious (yes I took a couple bites from him).  And I ordered a 3 large Pacific rock crab claws (unfortunately they ran out of the stone crabs but was not disappointed).  The meat was so sweet and so fresh, I was amazed by each bite!  The sauce that comes along with it compliments the sweetness of the crab meat so well!  We also ordered a Baked sweet potato and Mac & cheese.  They were both delicious!  The potato was so soft and the pecan butter it came with added a hint of sweetness I like.  The mac & cheese was not overpowering with a cheese taste (which I never find when I order mac & cheese).And lastly for dessert, we ordered Banana cream pie.  It was excellent!  Not an overpowering banana taste with great sweetness from the foster sauce.Overall our experience was wonderful and very relaxing.  Of course the bill is going to be high, but it was expected.  We'll definitely be back for more.  Next time, I will try the stone crab they are so famous for!
5	It's pricey. but definitely worth every penny. One of the best restaurants I've had in Vegas. The stone crab and steaks are amazing! I had the 20oz Bone-In Rib Eye medium rare, so tender and moist and cooked perfectly. Can feed two people easily, I was a fatty and ate the whole thing myself. We also got the large stone crabs which are $27 per piece. Don't know if that was really worth it, but it is reallllly good and fresh.Will definitely be back to try the select size since they ran out the first time. Make reservations ahead of time!!!!
5	I've been here with my husband twice before for anniversary dinners and this place is by far my favorite out of anywhere! Always impeccable service - they are always kind and friendly, the good is amazing and worth every penny, and they usually suggest excellent wine. Atmosphere is classy and elegant  without being stuffy, which is exactly what I look for in fine dining. We will continue to visit here year after year! My husband usually has a steak and lobster and he swears they are amazing (he's a tough critic) I always try something new and am never disappointed! Five stars and I would recommend indefinitely!!
5	All in all, one of our best meal experiences ever. Server Jon was great,  ask for him. We had the crab cake for an alletizer. Light and very good. Did steak for dinner. Filet and bone in ribeye for the entre.  Both prepared perfectly and very good. Recommended sides were Hash Browns and Roasted Corn and did not disappoint. Simple and delicious. To dessert, we got "small" orders of banana creme pie and coconut creme pie. Per the Mrs., banana creme was the best piece of pie she's ever eaten. Both were fresh and wonderful. You have to pay a little to eat here, but you certainly get what you pay for.
5	Honestly, I was in the area to get some $1 oysters at PJ Clarke's but they've closed down!!!! :(  So the group and I took the next closest thing, even though we weren't looking to spend a bunch but it happens...So I went through the cheaper route while dining here so I'm pretty sure I didn't get the full experience.  I ordered the filet mignon (6 oz) lunch special at I believe $27 which comes with Joes Grilled Tomato and Jennies Mashed Potatoes.  It also comes with a selection of a slice of pie, which I chose the Havana.  The steak was cooked very well and they do bring out some steak salt to season to your liking.  Honestly, I would rather have the chef season it his taste so as the seasoning can permeate the meat better but not everyone would feel the same way.  The tomato was topped with their famous creamed spinach and topped with cheddar cheese under a broiler for a few seconds.  The spinach was very rich and I am glad I didn't get a full order of that.  The sampling was just enough for me.  The potatoes were also seasoned with bread crumbs and more cheese.  A very rich meal that relies on comfort food.  That dessert though.... To sum it up, essentially like a dulce de leche pie made from the heavens.  They make their pies in house and you can definitely tell.  Each bite was so rich yet so good, coffee does wonders with this dessert.  My friend also got the same combo and ordered the key lime pie.  Damn. The dessert chef here knows his/her stuff.  Be sure to order a slice if you don't get the combo.Service was very hospitable and welcoming, and the bread baskets will definitely fill you up if you're not careful. They serve about 5 different types of bread for all kinds of different tastes.  Although I didn't get order oysters from here, I was still very satisfied. Next time, I'll come back and try what everyone else raves about and also in their name, the stone crabs. :)
5	Mark the bartender made our experience awesome. Not only was the food phenomenal but the friendliness of the bar staff made for a fun lunch.  We came back for dinner a couple of days later because of this and he not only remembered us but remembered the wine I drank when I couldn't.   Truly a memorable time
5	There aren't many places in Oklahoma to get some food like this so we had to get some fresh seafood while in town. The place was amazing. Staff were the best. Wish I was rich so I could have left them the tip they deserved. The meat out of the crab legs was the size of a hot dog. We left sad cause it'll be forever till we get legs that good again
5	The food is excellent here for the price. I had the prime rib. Both bone in and without(cooked perfect, med rare) stone crabs were awesome too!
5	My boyfriend surprised me with a date night here. The boy sure couldn't have done any better! The service was great. As soon as they saw our unsure and confused looks while attempting to properly east the stone crab for the first time, they came to our rescue. The Food:AppsShrimp Cocktail - The shrimps were huge and tasted great! The cocktail sauce was extremely hot, but I don't mind it that way.Large stone crab claws w/mustard sauce - Those claws held the sweetest most buttery crab I have ever tasted. The mustard sauce definitely put it over the top! Heck, even my boyfriend, who usually turns his nose up to mustard sauces enjoyed it. Main CourseFilet & Lobster tail - AMAZING! The filet was seasoned and cooked to perfection! One of the best I have ever had. The lobster tail was sweet and tasty.Stuffed Sole - So good! This was my boyfriends dish, and he reluctantly gave up a bite to me. The fish was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was wonderful. Grilled corn side dish - It is rare to find a side dish that can hold its own against a meal, but this corn was absolutely delicious. The corn was off the cob and grilled to perfection. Topped with butter, cilantro, lime, and salt.
4	Always love their Stone Crab and bread
5	One of the best restaurants in Las Vegas.  Excellent food, both the seafood and steaks. In fact one of the best steaks I ever had is the bone-in NY Strip that they serve. The Stone Crabs are delicious and the scallops are amazing.  Grilled tuna steak just ok, they tend to over cook the tuna. Salads are superb. The grilled corn side dish is delicious. The grilled tomatoes are not worth trying.  We have been to this restaurant several times and they always remember us.  Highly recommend...and make sure you have a reservation.
4	Good food. We went here for lunch and got fish tacos. The tacos were fine. They give you freshly baked bread which is good. It's in a god location and the servers were professional.
5	If you have a group over 10, make sure you make reservations weeks or at least days in advance (we did)! The food here is incredible, I don't think one person complained. It will be pricey, but bear in mind you are fine dining in Vegas. The sides like the mash potatoes can easily be split between two people. We split the stone crab for appetizers.My recommendationsTry the stone crab, what they're known forCrab bisque is the best you'll ever find (ask for extra crab meat)Steaks are massive, probably won't finish if you have an appetizer and been drinking for a while PSIF you're new to Vegas, be prepared to walk long distances, I clocked our time from hotel room within Caesars at 28 minutes (0.6 miles). We were 5 minutes late and lost two of our guys. They won't let you sit down unless everyone's present!
4	Very good seafood
5	Fantastic experience.While on our honeymoon, my husband and I wanted to spoil ourselves with one night out to a really great restaurant. After much research, we decided on Joe's. We made a reservation online.We showed up right on time and waited about 5 minutes to be seated. I have never seen a place so packed in my life. The restaurant is huge.We were seated at a booth in their back room. Our waitor was fantastic. Very friendly and knowledgeable about the food.We ordered calamari for an appetizer. I love calamari and order it almost anywhere I can. I'm from New England so I love seafood. This was probably some of the best cooked calamari I've ever had. It wasn't chewy at all, with a melt in your mouth texture. The seasoning was perfect.My husband ordered the petite filet. It was, also, cooked perfect. Warm red center and didn't even need a steak knife to cut through.I ordered the crab stuffed shrimp. It was really good. Not the best thing I've ever eaten, but still really good. I do wish I would have ordered the petite filet after tasting my husbands, though. It was that good.We ordered a side of Jennie's mashed potatoes which were fantastic.But, to my favorite part... dessert....I ordered the apple pie and my husband ordered the coconut cream pie.His was good. Mine was incredible. The piece of pie they gave my was GIANT with a generous helping of vanilla ice cream. My husband ate all of his and then some of mine it was so big.I dream about that apple pie now.Just go. It's great. The service is fantastic and the food is amazing. Worth every penny.
5	Thanks Patrick for making our dating anniversary so much fun! We've lived in Las Vegas for almost 20 years and this was the first visit to Joe's.They have (without a doubt) the BEST creamed spinach I have ever tasted at a restaurant. I had the Dover Sole and my man had the Stone Crab Claws. Oh yum! The key lime pie? Wonderful!
5	In a city of opulent choices, This is one of my favorites. No gimmicks or pretense just Great food with Great service.
5	Great experience! Highly recommended! Had a party of 11 people and everyone enjoyed themselves and the food.
4	We have been to Joe's many times, and Saturday nights meal knocked it out of the park.  We started off with a pacific crab (suggested by our server) because the stone crab was out of season.  I have had the stone crab out of season in the past and was disappointed.  I ordered the Dover Sole which is always good and my husband ordered a Ribeye.  The steak was cooked to perfection, he used a pinch of the seasoning salt and we both thought it was outstanding.  For sides I had read about the roasted sweet corn (it deserved all the hype) and the steamed asparagus.  We ALWAYS get the coleslaw - it is the best coleslaw around, prepared table side.  The coleslaw has two big slices of tomato and is light and flavorful.  This time we skipped desert - to full.  I would recommend all the deserts especially the Key Lime Pie.
3	The food is good, complimentary bread basket is delicious, and the service is outstanding. However, for the price, we expected larger servings and more complex flavors. As with most places in Vegas, everything is served al a carte, so the bill will be large if you'd like sides. Overall, it was tasty.
5	I've been here several times...Always amazing service. I realized that I could eat stone crab everyday and this is where I would go to get it. Even the mixed green side salad was great. I recommend that with the stone crabs for your meal if you're into that and want a satisfying yet healthy meal. My man got the ahi tuna sandwich which was very tasty. I'll try that next time I come.
3	I had to admit that the atmosphere was nice and the Manhattan clam chowder was completely exceeding my expectation, however the main dish rib eye and spinach was very disapponiting. We asked for medium, it ended up with at least medium well level and was a bit too salty according to my friend. We obviously did not finish the meat. Probably I'm gonna try the crab leg next time, but definitely not the steak.
5	Incredible dinner and excellent service. We ordered the scallops and crab stuffed shrimp with the mashed potatoes and steamed asparagus. The scallops were the best I have ever eaten, and the sides were amazing. Our server was professional and friendly, and eager to assist in any way possible. Our drinks were delicious, and I highly recommend the cucumber martini. Overall an exceptional experience.
5	Thanks to a nice win at the craps table....the large order of the King Crab legs were the best I've had in a long time.
5	One of the few places in Vegas where the high prices are justified. Big portions, excellent steak, killer stone crab, and great service. Their Bloody Mary is the best I've ever had, and I've drank a lot if them.
5	Went here for my birthday dinner. The food was awesome. Ambiance was nice and quiet, classy place. It is located in the forum shops at Caesar. They have their own valet parking so if you aren't staying at Caesars, you should use their valet.I had the bone in rib eye. So tasty. Very good portion. Would order it again. We also had some stone crab claws for an appetizer. They crack the crab for you so eating it is simple. Tastes fresh and the dipping sauce also adds to it. We had sides to share: mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. These are definitely for sharing. One order should feed at least four people easy. They do give you a free dessert on your birthday with a candle, But no singing at this classy establishment.Overall great food. On the pricy side, so best reserved for a special occasion.
4	High end food right off the Strip.  Great ambiance.  Service level of fine dining.  Our waiter Thomas was great.  Easy to hit $100 per person of you have a drink or two.My wife and I got the Pacific Crab.  Honestly, it was good..  but not great.  Didn't feel the taste justified $43 for the entree but taste is a subjective thing of course.  For me, the taste was more Joe's Crab SHACK than fine dining.Overall it's a solid restaurant.  If I returned I'd skip the crab and try the steak.
5	Ate here last night.  OMG!!  The food was delicious!  I had the crab bisque..amazing!  Creamy with lovely flavors.  And the seared sea scallops with Jenies mashed potatoes. Delicious!  The scallops were served on two slices of pork belly that was fried to perfection.  It was a lovely pairing of flavors.  I highly recommend this place and will be back during our next trip to Vegas.  I think our waiters name was Thomas.  I wish I could remember.  He did a fabulous job as well.
5	Joes is old-timey. It's an old warhorse of Vegas, and well....it might not be at the top trend of 'look how cool we are' but it still kicks ass when it comes to delivering a meal. I've only been once and that night was with my family and a few family friends. We'd started at the bar drinking and had spent the entire day drinking and continued drinking...so there might be a bit of a memory lapse here...because we ended up drinking at Casa Fuente right after too. Joe's is hands down my favorite restaurant in Vegas thus far, and absolutely one of my favorite steakhouses I've ever been too (I'd say second favorite behind a Kansas City place). We did just about everything off the menu. Everyone save for myself got crab appetizers (I don't do seafood) By then, I'd had a few scotches in me and we were opening up the wine. This was a big trip for everyone; trade show for me, trade show for dad, youngest brother just turned 21. We'd been planning on this trip for over a year as it was the first time all of us had been together since last Thanksgiving. Joe's is the go-to place for many in workspace my dad is in; they've been going here for close to 20 years. Hilariously enough everyone in the industry basically was there, either eating on the 'exterior' area or in the actual restaurant. I'd wager some of the staff probably got to see really expensive knives :/. I was in town for SHOT, so I was exhausted as hell. This place basically propelled what was an amazing trip into one of the best family vacations any of us had been on, and that's including trips to the Caribbean and the EU. Why, you ask? Service put up with us because half of us were well-dressed inebriated mid-20-something kids hanging during trade show season on a Saturday night. Our server, who's name I do forget, was fantastic and she did her job well. Right up there with what you expect for this town, if not more. The steak is the best steak in Vegas I've had thus far. Sure, haven't been to Robuchon or Delmonico...but hearing anecdotal stories from family/friends most everyone continues to talk up Joe's. Every single male at our table ordered the NY Strip because that's how you do a damn steakhouse. We ordered about every potato option I think, and most of the veggies. Nothing made it out alive. I seriously watched my brother cry happily in the corner as we were all having a meal none of us were going to forget. Mind you, we're from KC and we eat out a lot....we've had it nice and it's hard to impress every member of my family. This place was nothing new to the older crowd, who were all having their favorite steak in Vegas already, but my two brothers and I were having an experience. Basically; Joe's definitely is one of the best steaks in the country. Going to Casa Fuente afterwards and then to some electronica concert at the MGM made this one of the best nights ever. 10/10 will eat at drunkenly again after playing with guns and knives and stuff all day.
5	Great service and do yourself a favor and try the Chilean sea bass. Out of this world!!!
5	Went to Joe's the first night of my trip for a friends birthday dinner. Our server was very knowledgable and on point with her suggestions. For appetizers we tried the ceviche which was delicious and we all ordered a cup of the creamy crab bisque. Oh my goodness this was the best tasting soup I've ever had in my 24yrs.Dinner I order a combination of a petite filet mignon and kind crab legs. The crab was fresh and delicious and don't get me started on that filet. Perfectly cooked and so tender. Melted in your mouth like butter. Our server gave us a complimentary brownie for my friends birthday which was a nice ending to the meal.Overall it was one of the best meals that I've had in a while and I'm glad to know there is one in Chicago!
5	My favorite steak & lobster place since 2001.. so there! Come visit them for steak and lobster, and try their stone crab legs appetizer as well! SIMPLY THE BEST!
5	Fantastic meal! Best restaurant Ive been at in Vegas. The food and service here is outstanding. When you want to go out for a nice, yet pricey dinner in Vegas, this is the place to go.Went out to dinner with my G.F. for our "nice" dinner out on vacation and we read so many good reviews of this place, so we had to go. All the good reviews do not lie, this place is amazing. We started with the 5 large stone crabs as an appetizer and were very very good. The mustard dipping sauce that comes with it works very will with the crab, but dont overdue it. Your ordering a $65 appetizer so enjoy the crab, not the sauce. I would have loved to see how big the two colossal stone crabs were that cost $85.For the main meal, we had the 12 oz. filet mignon and the 16 oz NY strip. Probably the best steak Ive ever had. It was cooked absolutely perfect and the steak was like butter. Amazing!! For the sides, we split a half order of the mashed potatoes and the roasted corn. Both were excellent! This was the first time Ive been to this restaurant, but it is now our spot when we are in Vegas. Dont get all hyped up on going to the "big chef name" restaurants, when you want an amazing meal, this is the place to go. The reviews are correct, this place does not disappoint at all.
5	My wife and I have been coming here for years and Joe's has never let us down. Their steaks melt in your mouth and the cracked crab is always amazing. We always top our dinner off with their Key lime pie! Tonight I had an Ahi steak and it was a great change from my usual steak. I highly recommend, their service is always spot on!
5	Went here last night for my oldest 21 birthday- we arrived early with our stomachs on central time. Food,service and atmosphere was top notch. We had some amazing $29 special that included even dessert.....special, special time for us at Joe's. They did it right
5	Always the best experience, love to come here every time I make it to Vegas.  The go to spot for sure.
5	I am from Miami, The original location of Joe's stone crab and the Vegas location did not disappoint. It was packed but not impossible to get in like the one in South Beach. The stone crabs were amazing. Expensive but you already know if you are going to Joe's you are paying top dollar for amazing food. Everything from the bread to the salads and steaks was amazing. I highly recommend the south beach peach drink if you are into fruity cocktails. The waitress was polite and attentive and took very good care of us. I spilled some ketchup on my white shirt and I had 5 different members from the staff bring me seltzer water, a wash cloth and some stain remover. We definitely plan to go back. Those stone crabs are to die for and worth every penny.
3	We went there and the Stone crabs were good.  A bit pricey ($42.95) but good.  My wife ordered the tenderloin sliders.  The meat was very flavorful....but a lot of bun.  I ordered the Tuna steak and it was good.  Not the best I ever had but good.  Our waiter, Robin, was really good until a table of 10 was seated next to us.  At this time, we were pretty much blown off by him.  I rewarded him with a 10% tip for blowing us off.
5	We found Joe's on Yelp and decided it would be the perfect place to have dinner on our Vegas trip, to celebrate a couple birthdays. Between the 4 of us we ordered filet mignon, lobster, Caesar salad, and fish n chips. As far as sides you have to try the mac n cheese. TO DIE FOR!! All together, including 2 rounds of beer, our bill was about $250. Now I am not usually one to spend too much money on food but Joe's was worth every penny. Everything from classy ambiance to excellent service to great tasting food. The warm chocolate cake a la mode that came out as a birthday surprise didn't hurt either ;)
5	My first visit. It was the best dining experience of my life. Our waiter's, Stephen, attention to detail and pampering was the best. He constantly monitored our pace of eating and drinking. We requested the crab bisque to be split into two bowls and he accommodated us without a blink of an eye. He was awesome! The food was delicious. The crab bisque was very tasty.
4	I have eaten here 4 or 5 times in the past year or two, and Linda is an AMAZING server! If you go in you must ask for her. I am not a huge fan of stone crab, but they do have a great selection of seafood from oysters to halibut. Always been happy with the dishes.Only disappointment I have had was the last server we had last week. She was very short and rude. Dropping the menu on the table and telling us the specials were on there. Very bad service. Until she saw that we were willing to spend money there. Both of us being servers, we were very disappointed. Either way, I will be back for sure! Make sure I will go when Linda is there! ;)
5	Outstanding restaurant!  Everytime we go here we are never disappointed.  I always get the colossal stone crab.  The meat is tender and flavorful.  They crack the shells so it's easy to get to the meat.  You can eat the crab straight, with lemon, or dip it into a mustard based sauce.  Either way is great!  It's chilled which makes it soothing against your tongue.  This is a must try!They no longer dry-age their steak.  They now wet-age their steak.  This new method of vacuum sealing their meat does not hurt the taste or change the complexity of flavor.  There still is a rich meaty like taste.  The bone-in is the best cut, especially when you get to chew on the bone.We also got Brocollini and Potatoes.  It was okay, but nothing special.  Finally, the Key Lime Pie is outstanding!  It's cold and it's creamy.  The flavors of the tart lime, creamy whipped cream, and textured graham cracker crust work in harmony together.I cannot wait to go again!
2	Just ate at the restaurant after reading the reviews on yelp. The service and people were nice, but the stone crab claws were mealy (the fatty part, not the meat). We spoke with the waitress and a manager. they were both gracious and took off 20% from the bill, but the manager said that's how the crab was suppose to be, "because it came from the ocean." I've never had a mealy crab before. I didn't like the texture. The flavor was good.According to the menu, one crab claw was ripped from each crab on the boat, and the crab was then released. I'm guessing that the claw has to be frozen with this technique.  I'm accustomed to having the whole crab just boiled live. Maybe mealy crab is something to get accustomed to for sustainability?
4	Joe's a Florida fave, is recreated on the strip.  Excellent steak and seafood with family style a la carte sides.  Runs $50+ per person with wine and sides.  You do need to be aware that everthing is a la carte and that prices are high.  The food quality is consistently excellent as is normal for Joe's.  The atmosphere is steakhouse elegant and relatively quiet.  Very nice dining experience and would definitely recommend!
5	All I can say is wow. Stone crabs are the bomb. My first stone crab experience did not disappoint. It had the familiar flavor of crab and yet there subtle wonderful new flavors. Crab lovers must try thus. Also had the Manhattan style clam chowder. The acidity of the tomatoes in the chowder was delightful. Also had a chopped salad which served as the perfect acid component to our rich meal. Will be back soon.
5	Visited late August for dinner party of 3. This place is classy with higher-end clientele and very attentive staff. The seafood at Joe's is ABSOLUTELY delicious. I ordered a grilled seafood platter which is was part of a special menu for restaurant week. I really hope they do start offering this on their regular menu because if was one of freshest and tastiest seafood platters I have had in Las Vegas. I would have taken a picture of it for you all, but I got completely distracted by the delicious aromas emanating from my platter and before you know it, it was all gone!!!Our server Bill was very nice, extra attentive to all our need and a class act.Overall Joe's is a classy restaurant with a cool vibe and most importantly, with top quality seafood.We will definitely be back to try some of their other items on the menu.
5	Absolutely wonderful meal. Staff is attentive, knowledgeable, courteous.Our group had crab cake appetizer, chopped salad, ribeye steak and broiled mahi mahi, Asiago mashed potatoes, green beans with almonds, key lime pie and chocolate fudge cake. The steaks were tender and perfectly cooked. The seafood was fresh and melt in your mouth delicious. The sides were generous and our party of 4 was good with half-orders. Dessert was worth the calories.Dinner here was a home run and will definitely plan to return here on the next trip.
5	By far the best bone in ribeye i have ever eaten. The service was incredible. Ask for Hope she is the best. The stone crab is absolutely a must eat. The best dining experience on the strip. If your torn between places to eat when visiting Vegas this it's the place to go. You will absolutely not regret it
5	Excellent service! The staff here should be what all other staff aspire to be in regards to customer service. I cannot speak highly enough about their level of professionalism and attention to detail.Now, on to the food - le sigh - I dream of their stone crab, filet mignon and delicious bread.. and the sauteed spinach and garlic... swoon! All I can say is - GO! Make it your one super fancy meal while you're in Vegas - just don't leave Vegas without checking this place out.  You will not regret it!
3	We had eaten at the one in Miami and Chicago.  Great food great experience.   So we expected the same quality at the Vegas location especially considering the fact you are spending at least $100-125 per person for your meal.   This is a very expensive restaurant in Vegas so get ready.  We both had their surf and turf special and the filet was dry and flavorless even though it was medium rare. (and choice not prime) The fish portion was good but small.  The corn special was pretty good as was the bread.  The salad was ok nothing special.   I would not go back as there are many other good steak or seafood places that are not that expensive.
5	Perfect, evarything was PERFECT! Friendly staff, on top of every detail. We ordered several appetizers, all of which were delish. I went with the King crab legs which come split and open, large and meaty. There were 5 people in my party and everyone was pleased with their food. Prices are on par with level of service and food quality. I highly recommend, this is some of the best seafood I have had in Vegas.
5	Yum! I was in town for a food expo and went with my co-workers who included some top of the line renowned chefs. They being chefs of course wanted to critique a few items especially the dessert, which I would have to agree with! But other then the desserts, the Spinach Stuffed Mushrooms, Ahi Tuna Tartare, Stone Crab, Jumbo Alaskan Sea Crab, Chilean Sea Bass, New York Strip and Rib Eye did not disappoint our palettes. Yes I tried all of that happily and would do it again & again minus dessert here.
5	Always excellent... Bone in filet or Chilean Sea Bass are our favorites.  Excellent service (thanks William Turner!).  Great place overall...particularly for special occasions.
5	Loved Joe's Stone Crab.  Service was terrific, staff was friendly, knowledgeable, and fun.
5	Found this place thru Google search and this place was by far the best review for steak and seafood. I wanted to take my bf out for a nice bday dinner while visiting Vegas. So I made us an apt. We arrived on time and table was ready for us. The service was phenomenal! Food was amazing! My bf and I ordered the filet and Alaskan crab.  It just melts in ur mouth! Amazing!  A little pricy but it was all worth it. My bf and I enjoyed our time here and would definitely come back here!
5	this place is worth going to! we had the best waiter name john. he was so friendly, attentive and knowledgeable! great service! the food was amazing and i would definitely come back again. it was a little pricey but worth it, you got a lot of food for the cost.
5	Wanted to have one nice dinner in Vegas and Joe's was the perfect place. Most customers eating here are dressed for the occasion but there were a few just wearing casual clothes. The ambience in the room was really nice. It is dimly lit with music playing lightly.  Our waiter was very friendly and talked just about anything that came to mind. For appetizers we got the fried calamari, crab cakes and crab bisque. Everything came out delicious especially the crab cakes which had a ton of crab in there so I would recommend it. I got the Chilean sea bass as my main dish. It was good except the miso sometimes overpowered the fish and it made me wish they added a little less.  I really liked the bread bowl that came out with all kinds of bread. Did not have enough room for dessert because we ordered too much.
5	King Crab appetizer, prime bone in strip, sweet potato and sweet roasted corn.  I should have stopped but.... Banana Foster pie (made fresh at Joe's).  It was amazing as always!!
5	It's times like these when I truly enjoy writing a deserved review on a restaurant. We had actually planned to go to a crawfish place for dinner, but I really wanted to try something else for once...since we always go to the crawfish place when we come to Vegas.My first impression when walking toward this restaurant was....wow....this place looks really expensive, so it better be good! Located in the Forum Shopping mall at Caesar's, the restaurant looks like a long and well established classic American bar and restaurant. We were greeted at the entrance by a host who seated us right away....likely because we showed up early at around 5.30pm....but even then, the place was very busy. We were led to our table where we were introduced to our waiter ITodd) who took very good care of us. Both the host and Todd were extremely polite and nice, courteous, and professional, and made us feel like the most important guests at the restaurant.....real class.In less than a minute, a fresh basket of yummy bread was placed on our table....and it looked gooooood! ....and after tasting it....wow, delicious. Todd then came over and showed us the menu with the featured specials, which all sounded absolutely amazing.  Everything on main menu looked absolutely delicious, but we couldn't order everything that looked good as we would not have been able to finish it all.....so we were very selective. As an appetizer we ordered the Spinach Stuffed Mushrooms.... and OMG,...they were absolutely delicious! I can quite confidently say without a doubt that these were the best I have ever tasted! Next, how could we have come to Joe's without trying their 5-piece signature Stone Crabs Claws. Also absolutely delicious....and together with their special dipping sauce.....absolutely fantastic! $65 for 5 claws.....well, it better have been good! Already cracked, Todd was good enough to instruct us how they are supposed to be peeled and eaten....and afterwards, brought us some lemon to squeeze on our hands and wet towels to clean our hands of the fishy crab smell. And it actually worked!For our entrees, we ordered their featured special grilled Dover Sole, which was de-boned at table side. Simply squeezed lemon on top and you have one absolutely delicious fish meal. For myself, I ordered the Roasted Black Cod as this is one of my favorite types of fish. It was cooked and served in a mild tomato broth with olives and herb oil. The cod was so fresh and perfectly cooked.....and the broth was mild enough as to no way overpower the fish.....every part of this dish complimented each other.....I absolutely loved it.....I thought the portion was a bit small, so thank goodness my friends and I shared everything. For sides, we ordered the Sauteed Broccolini and highly recommended Roasted Swee Corn. Both were also perfectly cooked and delicious. The serving of corn was good, but I think there should have been a bit more Broccolini in the dish.All this together with a bottle of wine......wow.....life is good....and this restaurant qualifies as being one of the best restaurants I have ever tried! The service was excellent and attentive, and I will say that it was worth every dollar we spent on this dinner. I will definitely be back when I'm next in town. Oh, we were brought the wrong check, but it's a good thing we normally check everything before paying.I love this place! :)
5	Mmmmmm! Best filet and king crab dish.  My husband likes their oysters. Cannot go wrong when dining here!  Not crazy expensive either for fine dining.
4	Had the pleasure of having dinner here.I have been to Joe's in Chicago quite a few times and it is one of my favorite spots. We were hoping this outpost was just as good.Started with cocktails....very nice.Had salads & steaks and they were pretty darn good. Steaks cooked perfectly.Service was good and attentive. Joe's of Las Vegas: You are A-OK in my book of places to eat. Not quite as good as my Chicago locale but very close. Good job!Cheers to all
5	I wish I knew about this place years ago. I came here with about 12 people and there service was unbelievable.. Now, I know it's expected to be this way for the price but they did an exceptional job regardless we all felt like we had one server dedicated to each of us.The food was all amazing and I'm going to be back here next time I go to Vegas. Well worth the price.
1	Worst service EVERRRRRR!!!! Great food and all, but sooo disrespectful!!!! I could of went to McDonald's and got a better service!RSVP for 8:30pm, got our seat around 8:40. Our waiter came at 9, to take our order. Started with "what can I get you guys," but before we ordered, we had questions because its our first time here. But he looked like he didn't want to be at our table. More like he wanted to be at his other tables aka rich people tables. We look very young, celebrating our 1st year anniversary, maybe he thought we weren't going to tip him as much as those "other people". We are still customer, show us some respect will you!!! so continuing, I asked about this certain dish that has salmon in it. it was called " salmon de ...something", but when I asked about it, he replied "you don't know what a salmon is?" SERIOUSLY, WOW great job Sherlock. of course, I know what a salmon is, but what's the dish about. is it...cooked, grilled, fried, seared, what!?!?!?! *CLANK* So ordering is done. So my GF and I were talking while we were waiting for our food to come. And here comes our waiter out of no where with these metal bowls for our discarding shells, but he threw it on out table making this loud clanking noise. *CLANK*!!! no sorry, or excuse me, just "here are these for your shells." Just wanted a fancy dinner and celebrate our 1 year!!! I did not wanted this kind of experience on our special day!!!
4	Excellent meal.   Service and atmosphere was also very good.  I had the roasted black cod and my wife had the scallops on pancetta.   Portions quite small.  Everything ala carte here which we knew before dining.  We had 2 sides:  the sweet potato and pan fried broccolini.   Both were excellent.   The waiter was promoting a wine @$65/ bottle.  We chose the Tobin James "Notorious" Cabernet @$ 50 which was excellent.  We dined  At Spago the next night.   The food and service were better.
5	I had the best lunch today at joes. Simple and straight forward food. Wait staff was awesome and the atmosphere is great. FYI The burger is the best lunch value on the menu.
5	This atmosphere is one of the best in Vegas. A Miami favorite is just as popular here any given night this place could be sold out. Obviously great for flavorful crab but their steak options are also too notch. Great professional service. Tim and Gabe the maitre d's absolutely the best.
5	Was to die for!  We had a Filet, the Lamb and the Seared Ahi.  Sides were Onion Strings, Creamed Spinach and the Macaroni and Cheese.  All was amazing, but seriously, the Macaroni!!  Would always go back.
5	Great restaurant in the caesars forum shopps. Glad to see i didnt have to fly to miami to have my stone crab! We usually see someone famous when we dine here! Love the stone crab and joes special sauce!! Great bloody marys too!
5	Went to Caesars last weekend and didnt know where we were going to eat - until the desk clerk said they have a Joes Stone Crab!  DONE!The 20 minute walk through the shops was forever (take the shortcut outside the front of the casino - 5 minutes) but when we got there, it made it worthwhile.We were disappointed to hear that the Crab was out of season but our server suggested the steak - which we ordered.The service could not have been better - the drinks perfect and the steak.....I would order again and again and again!In my opinion, this is one of the top restaruants at Caesars - even though they are NOT affiliated with the hotel other than renting space (you cannot charge it to your room).
5	Aahhhhhmmmaaaazzzziiiiinnggg!!!  Our server was Peter and he made sure we had a enjoyable dinner.  He was very knowledgeable and a pleasure to talk too.  Those Stone Crabs, Salads and Steaks were Devine!!  My only regret was not saving any room for dessert.
5	This place didn't look like that much to me, being in a mall and all, but boy was I wrong. Fabulous dinner with a very knowledgeable and competent wait staff. The seafood, especially the oysters, were second to none. There wasn't a bad thing on the table, and with a decent sized group, we had lots of different items on the table. The wine offerings were nice and also complemented the food very nicely. I was pleasantly surprised with the entire experience.
5	Being from the Midwest I always tend to miss restaurants with a home town feel and thankfully Joe's has always continued the void for this "lobster neck"..From the familiar face of the maitre de or a regular waiter/waitress in Vegas Joe's always feels like home and you can't put a price on that!I realize since my initial review I have had a few trips back and neglected to update..For anyone who seeks a "what to try"..You must MUST try the stone crab claws..They come semi cracked and it does involve a bit of effort to indulge in the crabby goodness, but believe me it's well worth it from any horizon of that sea!Other notables are my favorite famous scallops..I'm not sure what it is about the preparation, but they just simply are the best I have been able to find to date and it's always a staple on my visit to Vegas, no questions asked..They are just tender to perfection and need no condiment or seasoning to knock even Caesar off this palace thrown! Another crowd pleaser which my wife and I were going nautical over was the madagascar shrimp..The head and tail are removed table side which is like Benihana meets Red Lobster, but paired with some key lime aioli and it'll leave you tickled pink to the gills!Also to wash down the meal dessert wise go for the banana cream pie I raved about before and rave about now..I can never get enough of it with the banana foster sauce drizzled everywhere..I have asked and in true Marie Calendar fashion the pies do have the ability to be bought in full and taken back to the hotel room which blows my mind..Oh the damage in a hotel room that could do (c'mon they've seen worse so don't judge)..HahaAll I can say is for about $30 a person you create an experience and if you go enough like myself you leave a lasting impression apparently..It truly is a trip when you have a waiter stop and say they remember waiting on you many months prior which is a rarity in the Vegas scene!
5	Let me preface the comment with this statement "I hate going to the strip". With that said . I love going to Joes. You can valet right outside the mall and walk directly to the restaurant. Next lets talk about the food. Always excellent. The steaks are cooked just the way you order. I really enjoy the Mahi tacos and Chilean sea bass. Seafood is fresh, no fishy smell or taste. Ive also had the ribeye cheesesteak. I must say simply wonderful sandwich. Now the caveat is you are going to pay for such good food, be prepared to spend some cash
4	went here for some crabs!they were out of stone crabs so we got rock crab instead.  pretty good.  I still want to try stone crab though since its in their name so it must be what they're known for.we got 24 oysters. wow they were soo good and fresh! must get if you come here.we also got like a seafood sampler.  the seafood tasted fresh and I really liked the scallops cerviche.I also got the bone in rib eye. it was soo good!! very tender and the seasoning was really good.also got the mashed potatoes.  it looked pretty fancy.  came with cheese and the crunchy bread crumbs on top.  I didn't like how the cheese got stuck together so I would get this without the cheese on top, or less cheese if you can?overall pretty good food
5	Always a first choice for birthday, anniversary, or just want to treat yourself fancy dinner! Service is very friendly and attentive. Be sure to make reservations and ENJOY !
5	Literally only went here for desert and a coffee.  The Key lime pie was PERFECT.  Out of this world!! I highly recommend getting it!
3	I was rather disappointed with the food. Very expensive, and not that tasty. I was with a party of 6 and that was the general consensus. If you want steak there are plenty of other options in town.
5	Some may find this hard to believe but finding fresh seafood in the desert is rather difficult....  This is a personal favorite of mine and is arguably the best restaurant in town. The halibut and dover sole (filet table side) are true standouts. Always fresh never frozen...simple, but often missed with most places out here....
4	We went to Joe's on a very rare day that my husband and I were off on the same day; while the kids still had school. After walking through the forum shops at Ceasar's we decided on Joe's. The wait to be seated was about 10 mins...that was for a tall table in the bar area, not the outer patio seating which was packed with lunch customers. We expected the wait as all the reviews warned of how busy the restaurant usually is. Once seated, we were greeted immediately and our drink orders were taken. I had the amazing Bloody Mary while my husband had a Stella. Everything came in a timely manner...my Bloody Mary had a gigantic shrimp in it which was fantastic. The waitress then took our order and was very helpful in explaining the menu items and seasonal pricing. My hubby decided on the Fishermans Platter (he chose grilled, you can also get fried) while I had to have the signature crab claws. We both also ordered the side ceasar salad and a cup of lobster bisque.The ceasar salad was good. Not amazing or anything but a well put together well dressed salad. Now, the lobster bisque was EPIC. Velvety and creamy...my hubby and I were licking our spoons and wanting more. I definitely recommend the lobster bisque to anyone (besides those with shellfish allergies of course). The main courses then came out and they were nicely presented, just simple seafood and simple condiments. My husbands seafood platter was fresh, light, and delicious. The stand out star being the scallops which were super sweet and grilled perfectly. My crab claws we're delicious...definitely a bit of work to get to the meat but well worth it. I wasn't a big fan of their mustard sauce they serve with the claws, so I requested lemons and clarified butter. No issues. All in all in was a delightful lunch that I would definitely do again.
5	Had an amazing meal at Joe's last night. The rib eye was cooked  perfectly and the side dishes of potato, broccolini, and cauliflower were delicious. Our server was Hope and she was fantastic. A+ for service in addition to her knowledge of the menu and our wine pairing. We will be back on our next trip to Vegas!
4	Don't ever order the Dover Sole.  Joe's has been upselling that crap for years.  The reason why the waiters always recommend it is because Dover Sole is $6 per pound, and it represents their highest profit margin, selling it for $45 per plate.  Do yourself a favor and order a truly expensive piece of fish, crab, or steak.  Also don't ever order Stone Crab when it's not stone crab season !  If it's not stone crab season, then you'll enjoy frozen crap.  Stone crab season is between 15 OCT - 15 MAY.
5	What else can I say abt Joe's, except that it's the best???  Do check tho..before you go.. If the crabs are not in season, they have to use frozen ones.. either way.. it's perfect!!  I went to Joe's in Miami for the first time.. n 2nd time in Las vegas.. I wish they open one in Los Angeles~ I would go at least once a month!!! Love!
5	Excellent! Love this place will return next time I'm in Vegas! I sat outside and I loved the ambiance. Service was excellent! Everything your looking for in a Vegas meal!
5	Great food and amazing service!!!  We dined here for my husband's birthday.  Hope was our server and she was wonderful!  She was very helpful and pleasant and made our first dining experience at Joe's spectacular!All of our food was delicious and well worth the money.  The stone crab was very fresh and tasty.  I had the Dover sole that was well worth the $48.Make sure you have the Havana Dream for dessert!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  YUMMY!~!!!!We will definitely return to Joe's again!  Ask for Hope, she's great!
5	FYI: STONE CRAB SEASON IS OCTOBER TO MAYJust so that there is no confusion for people coming in the off months. Yes this place is a Joe's but it's NOT Joe's Stone Crab in Miami. They are technically not the same restaurant, according to our lovely, and very knowledgeable, waitress. Either way, it may seem weird to be a place with stone crab in the name and then not have it sometimes. Stone crabs are seasonal though so...the more you know. I don't think this place merits low ratings just because people are not aware of this fact.Luckily we came right at the start of the season so we had our fill of stone crabs claws and Alaskan king crab legs. Service here was spectacular and we were seated at the most perfect booth off in the corner. It felt very private and secluded but we were still able to see the whole restaurant and were never ignored by the staff. Everything was brought out at the perfect time, at the right temperature and we had everything we needed. All the crab was well cracked and easy to eat, and that mustard sauce was as good as I remember it being in Miami. I would recommend the steaks or the sole with the brown butter sauce. They filet it at the table and it is absolutely delicious. If you have the bucks and you enjoy fresh seafood, you can't really go wrong at Joe's. I didn't have a bad bite to eat. Even the pretzel bread was amazing!
4	Finally made it out here since hearing about it! We ordered the select stone crab claws and they were super juicy succulent deliciousness! The mustard sauce that came with it was good but they were fine without it. We also got a half dozen oysters that were very clean tasting and not too meaty.  The waitress also suggested we  try the fried chicken bc it was a house speciality. It was decent, however for the price I would have rather tried something else.  Next time I'll stick to the seafood and maybe a steak.  5 stars for the service and seafood!  Will be back!
5	50 day dry aged bone in rib eye is all I gotta say. I still dream about that nutty beefy flavorful cut of meat. I also thought the filet 6oz with lobster tail was a great combo for 50$. For some, the steaks might be a tad salty but it was perfectly seasoned for me.
3	I gave this place a 3 and it's not because of the food. The food is pretty good.  We come here pretty much every time we're in Vegas. This experience I just wasn't satisfied with our service. We just didn't get the attention to detail that we typically do. Our waitress name was Alexa. Fun for a group of friends but very pricey.
5	Had an amazing meal tonight at Joe's. Crab was delicious, service was great and the wine list excellent.  Thanks to Dave for a memorable dining experience. We have now definitely made this our go-to place for laughs and food. Come here and have an awesome meal without breaking the bank!
5	Birthday celebration.  Got us a nice table for dinner. Staff is always extremely nice and thoughtful.  Gave us many options and daily specials. Started with shrimp cokatil then We went with alaskan king crab. It is in season and was part of the last fresh shipment they got. Also ordered sides of Jennie mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. Love love love this place. Pricey but worth it.
5	i ate here on 10-28-14 around 4:30 pm for dinner.  even though i made reservations i opted to eat in the bar.  the bar staff did an amazing job!  their service was top notch and they took the time to ask me questions.  i loved how joe's makes the customer feel welcomed.for dinner i ordered a crab bisque as an appetizer.  it was very creamy and delicious.  i enjoyed my 20 oz bone in ribeye.  i loved how the meat was charred but very enjoyable!  the side was fries was good too.  for dessert i enjoyed a small slice of chocolate fudge pie!  good stuff.a great mixture of great service and quality of food!  my bill before tip was $86.  i would definitely go back again!
4	In terms of food, I find this place a little overrated, but it was still very good.  I mean, it offers pretty standard fair, in my opinion.  I've snacked and drank here 2 times... once in the lounge where the service was mediocre and once at the bar where the bartender made an incredible dark and stormy and an aviation to perfection.  Actually, I can't remember if they were prepared to recipe, but they were both delicious.  Also, I like the ambiance of the place.  It feels like an east coast or chicago type place; Even though it's in a busy mall, it feels more like an independent restaurant.
5	I do not write reviews often, but when I do...Oh Boy!   Joe's from start to finish was AMAZING! Upon being seated in dinning room as requested on reservation(we did not want to sit in patio) we were greeted by Susanne our server.  Very nice, upbeat lady who knew we were celebrating my birthday.  She made a cocktail recommendation to my mom who unfortunately did not like it.  With out hesitation it was replaced with something else! Oyster? probably the best I have ever had!!!  My Girl friend and I split a Bone in rib eye and 1.5lb of King crab.  Susanne said we would not be disappointed and boy did she and the kitchen deliver.  The crab was cracked table side to our liking and even brought out Garlic draw butter!!! OH MY!!!!!  Dad had the Sea Bass which was amazing!! Mom had the Halibut also AMAZING!! I cannot recall an better birthday dinner.  Thanks to Susanne again for the AMAZING service.  Her team members  also took very good care of us on little request here and there. I was sure to tip them on the way out! My family and I will definitely be back here again soon!!!
3	Checked them out for lunch when vacationing in Vegas. I know they are known for the stone crab which I'm sure is phenomenal. So my review is based on the other food (well the ones we ordered) so it may not reflect the general greatness of  Joe's. We sat in their "outdoor" seating so we can people watch. Attentive service as per pro tool in any upscale Vegas restaurant. The lobster bisque was delicious. Tasty and not too salty. Creamy and satisfying. I opted for the seafood salad (but really I should've gotten the tacos). Small portions, lumps of cold crab and pieces of half shrimp with the shredded greens. I was not that impressed. The dish was pretty blah. We had a bottle of Rose to go with lunch. Not a bad deal for 60 bucks a bottle. The caesar salad was ok. Love that they use big fat anchovies with it. Though the salad was a bit on the tart side.The prices were pretty steep. Our bill was almost 300 bucks, for lunch!! Thats pretty ridiculous. I could've gone to Per Se and gotten a solid meal for that price. It was ridiculous also considering that we ate salads! Wow. So personally I thick it's overpriced and overhyped. I can cross this place off my list. Probably won't be gong back.
5	Alaskan king crab legs!!! Oh my god. They are only available 3 weeks out of the year, they told me. I guess I'll be coming back every year. It was the freshest, most delicious crab I have ever had. The market price when I recently went was around $75 per plate of crab, but it was a lot of crab.Also, the key lime pie was ridiculously awesome. I've always been indifferent to key lime pie. Joe's pie, on the other hand, was irresistible. Also, the crab bisque soup was superb. Everything I have eaten at Joe's was above and beyond my expectations. I'll be back next year when the Alaskan King Crab legs are in season!
5	Joe's Stone Crab was as good as Miami. The food was outstanding. The Stone Crab to die for, our salad wonderful and the entrees all great. Wait staff was good and attentive. I came here expecting expensive and I got what I came for and worth the expense. This is one restaurant in Vegas I would go again.
5	We don't usually go for fine dining while in Vegas, but our friends raved about Joe's so we made reservations for dinner on a Saturday evening. We started out with oysters (fresh and delicious, and they have a unique icy mignonette that was neat) and the Select stone crab claws, which were awesome, especially with the mustard dipping sauce. Our server showed us how to extract the meat, and it was super easy because the claws are already cracked. The bread basket contained a nice variety and the servers kept bringing out more whenever we ran low.For our main, we opted for the bone-in dry aged ribeye (one is enough for 2!) from the specials and it was amazing! A perfect medium rare, charred on the outside which imparted a rich, smoky flavor. In comparison, our friends' regular ribeye ($22 cheaper) seemed anemic. My favorite of the assortment of sides we tried was the brussels sprouts. The "big daddy taters" were good too, although I thought we were ordering the Lyonnaise potatoes (not sure if they're the same thing?). I'd say skip the unremarkable mashed potatoes and mac and cheese.Their Bloody Mary is really good. Comes accented by a cocktail shrimp and celery stalk, and the rim is encrusted with parmesan(?) cheese.One of the more satisfying meals I've had in a while, and service was great (thanks Leanne!).
3	First time tried to stone crab claws thinking it was going to taste good since I'm  a big fan of crabs. I also saw it featured on food network. my family ordered the stone crabs and it was flavorless meat and probably the worst tasting crab I have ever  tasted.... I was expecting sweet crab meat like some other crab species and this was not it. The service was slow too. Maybe their other food items is good but I was disappointed in the stone crab itself. Will not be back.
1	My wife and I had lunch at Joe's on November 5 2014 while in Las Vegas attending a convention. We were there at 3:10 PM so we decided to have lunch instead of dinner. I ordered the fish and chips and my wife ordered the fish tacos. The fish served with the fish and chips was horribly over cooked, there were 3 pieces of fish each weighed maybe an ounce each, they were full size pieces, just over cooked so badly that there was nothing left, the chips were just the standard steak fries that are served at about every nickel and dime restaurant across the country, nothing special. At $21.95 I expected something better than this.My wife said the fish tacos were just ok, there were 2 tacos and some broccoli, nothing special, you can get better at Applebee's or Denny's for about $8.00, we paid $17.95 at Joe's. Add in $3.50 each for a couple of iced teas and our bill came to $50.70 less tip.Bottom line: Joe's might be good for dinner, but if your looking for a good place for lunch, this isn't it.
5	Linda, the Brit, was excellent guiding us through our culinary experience through the wine, food and dessert menu.  We had the crab claws which were thankfully in season. They boil them in south Florida and then refrigerate them to be sold fresh at this gourmet restaurant. I wish we had ordered more of the stone crab and less of the king crab which was excellent and cut so easy to eat. Both excellent
4	We came here on a Saturday evening . And it was packed, we had reservations and came late and they were very accommodating .Ordered the crab claws. The meat was tasty but the way they crackedThe shells left bits of shells in the meatThe cooked oysters were a hit with my friendsThe strip was okThe ribeye medium rare came out medium so they gave us another one no questions askedThe baked potato was goodThe Alaskan king crab meat was delicious but was served coldI would recommend this place for a group of 5 plusThe servers came around often to fill water :)The only thing I didn't appreciate was the same server kept kicking the leg of my chair as he passed. Mofo
5	Staff was incredibly friendly and helpful in assisting with our meal. They recommended just the right amount of food and variety. As expected, the stone crabs were amazing.  The shrimp cocktail appetizer was delicious. I highly recommend making this a stop whether you are here in Vegas or in Miami!
5	We knew the Stone Crab name from dining years ago at the one in Miami, which drew us in for dinner several years ago.  We have been back to this restaurant in Las Vegas every time we are in town.  Dining in the Dining Room and on the patio (OK - not outside, but much cooler in the summer, and you can watch people strolling by) are both fantastic experiences, as the servers are VERY responsive, but we have taken to sitting in the bar.  The bartenders are excellent, we were there Nov 24th for lunch and sat at the bar this time.  The service was immediate, offering menus and drinks.  She was busy, but floated back and forth making drinks, while checking in with those of us sitting at the bar.   We get the same meals.  Crab Louis salad is the perfect size.  A little pricy, but they usually are and this one is loaded with crab.  My husband gets the lunch special of 5 medium claws with slaw (hand mixed at the table), hash browns, and key lime pie.  The mustard sauce is to die for.  The side dishes are too much to eat, as you need to focus on the claws.We have always had great experiences at Joe's but the friendly, smart service of our bartender, gives this trip 5 stars!
5	Came here yesterday for Thanksgiving dinner special since it was Thanksgiving.  The course was $38.00 for 4 slices of turkey breast and some dark meat, cranberry sauce, mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes with marshmallows that melted in my mouth, and  asparagus. It was delicious!   We also had rib eye steak, crab salad, the kids ordered sliders.  They were all fantastic!  We went back again for dinner tonight because we're staying at Cesars Palace but also because the food was fantastic. Tonight i had their crab cakes.  Service is always superb and attentive. Definitely a 5 star restaurant!!!  I will be going back tomorrow....lol!
5	A really consistent Lettuce venue. WE love the one in Chicago but were a little leery of a casino based location. Worry not. Precisely the same excellent service, and food.If you are not a seafood lover I would skip Joe's  While the steak are pretty good, the reason to spend a fortune is the seafood ...especially the crab selections. I'm not going to over review this but let it be said that Joe's brings the goods at whatever location you might visit   Great seafood, some of the best service in the industry...but ......It ain't cheap Yelpers  But that is OK with me
5	Yum!  Had a fantastic dinner here!  Impeccable service, generous bartender, fabulous food.Try The Whale appetizer!  So good!!!
4	We were looking for a place for an early dinner and came across Joe's on Yelp. We arrived around 3:00 and were offered the lunch menu.Water and a mixed bread basket were provided immediately. Hubby opted for a lunch 2 course of 6 oz filet, roasted tomato, Jennies potatoes and banana cream pie. I ordered fried chicken, a side of creamed spinach and key lime pie. Our total bill with tip was $86. The food was delicious and the staff attentive. My only knock was against the maitre d staff. The first guy loved hanging out at a particular table out of sight of the host stand. This left people just standing and wondering what to do (us included). Shift change and Mr "Handsy" takes over. This guy could not keep his hands off a coworker - the massage and pressings against her gave me the willies. From our view sexual harassment was alive and well with this guy. No matter what, it was not appropriate behavior at a restaurant.
4	Very good food. The Ahi and filet was outstanding. Serve was good too.
5	Been coming here for dinner every couple weeks during Stone Crab season~ Starting off with the shrimp cocktail, which is very good~ Decided to change it up a little last night, with a crab cake appetizer- It was sublime~ The flavor was incredible~ A little spray of Lemon, and some of their amazing mustard sauce... Nuances that were so compatible, subtle, but dynamic~ They don't pan sear them like most I think, Seems they put this scoop on a broiler plate under the salamander, and gave the out side little bits of caramelization~ And I couldn't discern any filler at all!  Just Jumbo lump crab, maybe some mayo to hold it together, and seasoned perfectly~You'll have to forgive me... It was an experience I definitely have to do again soon~ As for the Claws, I Usually get the "Select" size~ Just amazing~(And they did a better job than usual cracking the shells~ Just Awesome!And I don't think I have to add the service is always excellent when I go~ Even if something isn't perfect, they will take full responsibility and ownership, no matter what the problem was~ Just to pay them the compliments they deserve!
5	Bf and I went here for Thanksgiving and had a WONDERFUL night! We shared oysters, the crab bisque and both got surf and turf (filet and lobster tail), and then shared a dessert.The oysters are so fresh, delicate and tasty. There is NO question that they are extremely high-quality. I could've eaten a dozen more of these bad boys.  The chef split our soup up for us into two cups, which was very nice of him to do. It is silky, rich, and seasoned just right. I think a whole bowl would be too much for me though because it is very rich.Our steaks were a bit more on the rare side, rather than MR but we didn't mind because they tasted so damn good. The lobster tail is grilled and split for you, and the meat was so tender and had a delicious buttery flavor. We also ordered creamed spinach, which I didn't care for but I'm not a creamed spinach fan. We also got a side of mac n cheese, of course, and it too was delicious.Joe's promises to always be a great experience and this was no different. I was impressed by the food, service, and ambiance as I always am when I come here. It will always remain one of my all-time favorite steakhouses. Yum!
5	Their stone crabs are fabulous. We ordered large size for two people and inhaled them all. Friendly staffs and nice ambience.
5	came here for dinner last night and it was delicious! we were surprised to find how busy the restaurant was on a tuesday night but it was packed! we ordered the stone crabs of course (a must) and the prawn plus the crab bisque for appetizers. i am a huuuge fan of the stone crabs, they serve it with this delicious mustard sauce and it goes together heavenly. our server even came around the table showing us the proper way to open the stone crab, great service! crab bisque was delicious as well, we ordered the bowl and keep in mind it was definitely large enough to feed two. for our entrees we had the bone in steak that was 24oz cooked perfectly at medium rare...it was divine. for our sides we had mac and cheese and brussel sprouts which were both delicious as well. i would definitely come back again for the stone crabs, i am in love!
5	Joe's is located inside of Caesars and oh man was it a find. The restaurant first originated in Florida where stone crab is abundant and eventually opened offshoots in DC, Chicago and Vegas. The prices are on the high side but the quality of the seafood more than makes up for the sticker shock. I went to this restaurant a few years back and I still remember how amazing it was.The food:Stone Crab Claws- this is the dish that put the restaurant on the map. The stone claws are amazing, the flavors of the crab are wonderful and the amount of meat you gets is adequate. The honey mustard dipping sauce is the perfect pairing to the crab. The sauce is not too aggressive nor too sweet. This is a must order.Bacon- Wrapped Sea Scallops- this is probably the best scallop dish I ever had. The scallops were huge and cooked to perfection. The scallops are clustered together then wrapped on the outside with bacon. There were two clusters given and it was more than filling. This is a must order.Crab stuffed Sole with lobster sauce- I thought this was a good dish. The sole was cooked nicely, it was moist and tender. The lobster sauce, which resembled lobster bisque, was a nice accompaniment. The crab meat while present, wasn't a major factor.Key Lime pie- their key lime pie is wonderful. It has a nice tart flavor and a nice crunchy bottom.
5	I come here at least once a year just for the stone crabs. If you valet on the strip side, the restaurant is literally 20 ft away. I've had the rib eye and the sol and both were pretty amazing.
5	Excellent service, food, ambience!
5	The best steak I've had in a while. The place was packed! luckily we had reservations. Our server was knowledgeable with wines my friend was inquiring about a certain bottle and our waiter was very engaging. (tall Asian-I really need to pay attention to names) Anyway my friend had the Chilean Sea bass, could not believe that was fish! really fluffy and flavorful. My steak cooked and seasoned juuuust perfect. Will be back for sure need to get the full Chilean sea bass next time. :)
5	Hubby and I had dinner here before catching a show while in Vegas and it was great! The host who was greeting us had an infectious excited energy that really set the tone for the dinner. Crispy onion straws, juicy steak and a perfectly cooked fish made for a delicious meal. I also had the cucumber martini, it was strong but refreshing. Our server was very sweet and we let her know we were on our way to show and she had everything out promptly and efficiently.  I would definitely come back here.
5	Truly a gem.  It's a five out of five for what Joe's wants to be.  Great restaurant, with great food, great service, great selection and has never disappointed for me.  Have visited numerous times both for lunch and dinner.  Service has never failed.  Food has never failed.  They are awesome from the moment you are greeted to when you leave.  Typically I always ordered the Stone Crab claws for the main, but have decided in the last two visits to have the filet as the main and start with a lighter amount of Stone Crab to start.  Amazing beef, cooked to my asking, with a good seasoning.  Awesome!!!  Try to visit every time I'm in Las Vegas but is always busy so try to book a few days before.
5	The food is delicious. If you are worried about price then don't come, but I'm telling you the food is worth any price. We enjoyed ourselves very much partially because out waiter, Neil, was a true gem. We will come back.
5	Have to come here at least once during each of my Vegas trips. Filet mignon and lobster tail is amazing. Stone Crab legs are to die for! Great service to boot! Worth every penny! And it is very expensive.
4	Joe's is a strip gem which I always recommend to visitors.  Even though I don't get to the strip very often I try to hit it at least once a year for their lunch special. This year I did Christmas day and had the crab bisque, a serving of the "whale" appetizer, and half a piece of their seasonal pecan pumpkin pie.  Excellent as always.
5	Looking for eating options in Vegas and I can not tell you how STOKED I was to see this pop up on my yelp feed.  I tried Joe's Stone Crab in Miami, Florida and it was probably one of my most memorable restaurant experiences.  This is their sister restaurant.  AND NOW I HAVE ONE ON THE WEST SIDE OF THE US! Ok, it's not quite in LA...but it's doable.  It's slightly hard to find if you're starting from the Caesar's casino, but it's worth the long walk.  Made a reservation for lunch with my family at 11:30am (their opening time) and was seated very promptly.  Service was amazing and the waiter was helpful and hilarious.  The staff really seemed like they were all very well trained and enjoyed working there and it created an awesome atmosphere for us to enjoy.  And the food came out QUICK! I love and appreciate fast service because ain't nobody got time to be hangry.Now on to the food:BREAD: You get an assortment of bread.  Our basket included a variety of about five different types including a traditional dinner roll, onion roll, pretzel bread, and bacon & ciabatta.  Load up on the carbs (:HOT CHOCOLATE: It was so delicious.  None of that watered down hot chocolate nonsense found here.  Really satisfied my craving for hot chocolate and their whip cream is freshly home-whipped.  YUM!CRAB BISQUE: The size difference jumps a lot from cup to bowl.  I love their presentation.  You're first served with a bowl with crab bits and stuff in the middle and then the server pours the bisque all over it.  I don't know if they do that for the cups, but it is a nice touch. Flavor is nothing short of what I expected.MEDIUM STONE CRAB: Our waiter recommended us to get two orders of this (vs. a jumbo order with less claws) for our party of seven so we each could get two claws.  You still have to take off the shell of the crab, but they pre-crack it for you so it's almost like peeling a boiled egg shell.  A MUST ORDER while eating here.JUMBO ALASKAN KING CRAB LEGS: Ugh this was amazing! Another MUST ORDER!! The meat was easy to slide out and it had a sweet scrumptious taste to it. Dip that into the mustard or butter sauce and it's pretty mindblowing. Too good!!COLOSSAL LUMP CRAB CAKE:  This was the only dish that we ordered that I could have lived without.  It was good, but I just felt like it was a tad bit on the extra fried side to me.ALASKAN KING CRAB ROLL:  I will totally order this again.  It's a perfect order of seafood, if you don't want to over order or go over budget haha.  They stuff the roll with fresh crab meat and it comes with a side of their homemade chips (which are pretty much perfection).SEAFOOD CHOPPED SALAD:  This is also perfect if you're feeling full already.  This salad comes with the Alaskan Crab, Lobster, and Shrimp on top of salad with a vinaigrette.  It's so good. Like wow good. Wow.WILD MUSHROOM MAC & CHEESE:  It is most definitely on the cheesy side and it's freaking delicious.  One side order is worth sharing because it's a lot to finish, but it's worth a try to all the cheese lovers out there.KEY LIME PIE: THE ONLY key lime pie I've ever liked was at the Joe's in Miami. And they serve it just as good here. It's pretty freaking awesome and you're either an idiot for not ordering it (or you're too full haha). Just kidding that was mean...but it's really yummy!I can't rave about this place enough. One of my favorite restaurants ever and you have to come and splurge a little bit here. SIDENOTE: You can order from their dinner menu for lunch if you're interested! (:
5	Great upscale restaurant!! While planning a great trip to the lovely Las Vegas area, Joe's crossed my list as one of the top places to eat--thanks to my fellow yelpers! I wanted to impress the hubby with a romantic dinner and amazing steak. And after much debt-- I decided Joe's would be it!Let me say if you come in the main entrance of the Caesars Palace you are jacked and I hope you have on comfortable shoes! The restaurant is on the far end of the hotel and located in the shopping and eating plaza of the hotel. Make sure you ask somebody if you are not sure, or you will get an amazing amount of exercise before you eat. After our long hike from the beginning of the hotel to the restaurant, we finally made it to JOE'S (AHHHHH*** angel music in the background). There was a gentlemen hostess outside the restaurant behind a booth --who was taking seating request for people as they came up to the restaurant (there was a wait). Luckily for the hubby and I, I made reservations a few days in advance. The host escorted us into the restaurant and into a second check in area and a second dining room area for those who made reservations. This area was kind of sectioned off and I felt very exclusive! After the second host confirmed our name we were immediately seated. The set up and decorations of Joe's is so upscale, I felt like I traveled back in time to the early 1900s and dining at the classist establishment in Vegas. The lighting is dim and romantic and the waiters all wear full tuxedos. The hubby and I were seated in a cushiony booth and immediately given water and bread from the sub server. After a couple of minutes our waiter made his way to our table and went through the menu and what the day's specials were. I placed an order for a glass of wine and the hubby ordered water (not sure what wine I ordered--its Vegas and I had a few before I got there). The wine was very good-- I do know that much. Everything sounded so good on the menu, I couldn't decide what to order. I ended up ordering the King Crab Louis Salad and the Jumbo Alaskan King Crab Legs. The hubby ordered the filet mignon steak. The salad was so amazing and fresh! It was the best crab salad I have ever had! The Jumbo crab legs I could have gone without-- the market price was 20 or 30 bucks and I only received like a piece of 2 legs--it looked like an appetizer--but I guess that's what is served at upscale places. We also ordered a side of steamed asparagus and mac and cheese. Everything was just amazing and mouth watering and our server was on point from the time we came till the very end of our meal. My husband's water was never empty and we were completely tended to by the waiter and the servers. His steak was also made to perfection and very juicy. This was an excellent restaurant and I will def. go again when I visit the Vegas area. The waiter also informed us there is a location in the DC area, so I may not have to wait long before I try this great place again!
5	Last vegas trip on christmas time, I was introduced to stonecrabs here and new gamble craps. Both were fun!I always go lobsters than crabs, and I only love dungeness crabs' body, not the legs. Then joes served me these crazy monster stonecrabs' legs which arrived to the restaurant 2 days before me. So fresh, soo sweet, soooo good. Stonecrabs were new world!
5	Started off with oysters and medium stone crabs as appetizers. The oysters were the most delicious I have ever had and the stone was amazing as well. Thank goodness the meal did not stop, we ordered bone in ribeye and sea bass as our entrees. The sea bass was super buttery, and melted in our mouths and the bone in ribeye was also delicious! And I'm usually not a steak person. We also ordered brussel sprouts and mashed potatoes. The only thing I could have done without was the mashed potatoes. They were good but nothing too spectacular like the rest of the meal. Lastly we finished the night off with banana cream pie and Havana cake (dulce de leches cake). I usually don't like banana either but wow I was in love with the banana cream pie! This place is slightly pricey but definitely worth it !
5	After roaming around aimlessly for a good hour looking for a place to dine we came upon Joe's, and I'm super glad that we did. Atmosphere was pretty classy. All the servers in suits and bow ties. Fancy.Service was excellent! Our waiter, I believe his name was Dave, was on point with his description of the menu as if he wrote it himself, attentive, and funny.Food: -Fried calamari - cooked perfectly, batter was amazing. 5/5-Fried oysters - ^^^ The same. 5/5-Clam Chower - 5/5 Wish I had more space in my belly.-Large Stone Crab - They weren't joking about the claw size. Meaty, and sweet 5/5-Filet Mignon Bone-in - Was kinda charred, and a little dry. 3/5-Key Lime Pie - This was the best key lime pie I've ever had in my life. I would totally order this again. 5/5+-1.5lb Alaskan King Crab - Now this was the jewel of my meal. The biggest king crab legs I've ever had the pleasure of shoving in my face hole. 5/5++++What made my dinning experience a bit better was that we had a party of 8 and when they sat us, they took us to a private room dinning room away from all the "commoners." Lol. Honestly, felt like we had a private dinning experience. Super VIP status. Want to dine here again the next time I'm in town, but may just stick with the seafood.
3	Service was five stars, food not so much. King crab legs served so cold they were almost frozen. My guests filet was tough and when I asked how he liked it, the answer was its fine. The Mac and cheese was ok, but not special. The dinner for two ppl, one drink each, $200. Not worth it at all. Too bad for the great staff they have.
2	The food was good, but this was about the worst service we've ever had. This is not what I expect for paying those prices. The last hour of us sitting there, our waiter did not show up again.
5	I love the vibe here. Waiters are in tuxes and the service is A+. Food lives up to the service as well!We sat "outside" so we could people watch and the host was quite entertaining as he interacted with everyone.Food we ordered:Crab bisque - on the salty side, but a generous portion and great with the bread assortment. we could have done without it. Stone crab legs (medium) - 1000x yes! I got the smallest ones due to the lowest price but I didn't have a problem deshelling these and I typically don't eat crab due to that hurdle. Pork shank - For a turf choice, this was amazing. Fall off the bone tender and the rich red wine sauce was perfect. Creamed spinach - Salted perfectly and exactly what I wanted it to be. They give a good portion so was probably a heavy choice given the entrees we ordered though. Key lime pie - Packed with lime flavor! It is really a great way to end the meal, though the sourness did shock me in the first bite. Subsequent bites got better. Even though I was stuffed to the brim, I was able to stomach about half of it, due to the tart light nature. Service was impeccable. Never had to ask for a water refill! I'm that person who drinks a few cups (or several) during a meal. The waiter was friendly and gave us positive reinforcement after we ordered which left me excited to try the meal and I wasn't let down at all.Definitely would recommend for a higher end experience in Vegas.
4	Good food at this price.The duck confit was delicious =)
5	This restaurant today made my day. This was by far the best bone in ribeye I have had in Many years! Our Server Brandon Hanks has a lot to do with it as well as the Chef. I ordered as always rare Pitsburgh style no butter and wait for the veredict! Today, just perfect! Brandon should have gone back to his team and order just as I did... And voila, an incredible piece of meat.... Perfect amount of fat and cooked to perfection. Could get all the flavors in the meat and the charcoal... Also great texture.... I did not even have to put pepper as I usually do... Congrats!!! Finally!!! Ah, forgot, the place is clean, wine and water glasses very clean, bread average.. And our Ladera (wine) Tonight was very nice and smooth for this great ribeye... So 5 starts for them...
3	Calling all tourists!!!Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab really is just a tourist trap with a few great options and a lot of okay items you are privileged to pay Strip pricing for...If you do find yourself here just ignore the inflated prices and stick to what they're know for: Stone Crab Claws, King Crab Legs, Crab Bisque, Filet Mignon...even Scallops with Pork Belly.I've been here three times over the years and every time I've tried to explore the menu a bit and share some items with the table. I keep coming back because what the do well, they really do well. But in the end I just think that you can get a better meal at a much better price. It's not that Joe's breaks the bank...just that most of the menu is 10-20% overpriced. I have no problem with spending a little more than the actual quality of the product calls for, but if I do, I want it to be really great food or good food in an incredible setting...Joe's doesn't do either of these well enough that I see myself continuing to come back. Don't get me wrong, it is good. If I was in the immediate area I'd have no problem stopping in...but i'm not going out of my way to go here when there are so many better options at the same price point all around Vegas.
