5	Chino Bandido is a staple.  The Jade Chicken and Emerald Chicken are particularly excellent.  Ordering by filling out a form is optional at this less-busy Chandler location (whereas required at the busier Phoenix location), but is a key piece of the experience.  Snickerdoodle cookies are the default dessert.
4	I love Chinese food.  I love Mexican food (or at least, Ameri-mex).   What better idea than to put these two together?  These guys are freakin geniuses.  I got jade chicken in a burrito, how cool is that?  It would be 5 stars, but I, honestly, didn't think the food blew me away.  It was good, and it was inventive, but not mindblowing.  One thing I did think was really cool was the little cinnamon flavored hockey puck you get for dessert.  It's not like the southern Snickerdoodles I've had before, but it's odd, which means it perfectly fits.
4	While visiting Phoenix from the Bay Area, my co-worker based out there took a couple of us on this 15 minute drive and ended up at this small strip mall.  He kept on telling us that you'll love this place!  We finally got to the restaurant, Chino Bandido?!?  WTF!  Once inside they take the new visitors off to the side to try 8 of their most popular items.  The place is Chinese meets Mexican with a Caribbean flair to it.  It is confusing when it comes to ordering, but the staff is willing to help with any questions.  Basically, you can take any item and throw it on the side, in a burrito, or in a quesadilla.  The prices are reasonable for the amount of food that you get.  I recommend the Carnitas and the Jerk Chicken.  It was weird that you can see chopsticks next to salsa at the condiment area.
5	I've been going to the other Chino Bandito for years.  And I love it, love it so.... (http://www.yelp.com/biz/cHdJXLlKNWixBXpDwEGb_A).  Sure, it's a hole in the wall kind of place, but it worked.  My friend told me about their new fancy Chandler location (it's a 2nd location, not a replacement) and I figure I have to give it a shot.  OH MY GOODNESS!This place is a completely different experience than the Phoenix location.  Original Phx location - bad old linoleum floors.  New Chandler location - stained concrete.  Original - Limited seating, with tables and chairs seemingly borrowed from a church social.  New - Tons and tons of seating, in tables that look like they belong in a restaurant.  Original - Small spot in an old "seen better days" strip mall.  New - Really huge space in, well, a fancy new version of a strip mall behind a WalgreensThank goodness some things never change.  The food is just as great at this new location.  Mexican, Carribian and Asian all mixed together on one menu.  Jade Pork in a Quesadilla with Chicken Fried  rice and spicy black refried beans.  If you're at all confused about how it works I suggest you either go to their web site to their "menu demo"  or better yet just go there one day for lunch or dinner.  Everyone will find something they like.As Andrew mentioned, filling out the menu ticket isn't quite as important at this location, but I still absolutely suggest it.  Take a few, you and your friends all fill them out at the same time, debating the merits of each potential combination and then ya get in line to order.  It's half the fun.  And of course the other half is the eating.  Yum!
5	"Fusion" cuisine, well conceived and artfully produced, is usually an expensive endeavor.  Chino is a blessed exception.In some sense, it is not fusion, per se.  They have traditional Chinese dishes (Teriyaki chicken, jen red pork) and traditional Mexican dishes (machaca, chile relleno).  But carnitas in a rice bowl, jerk chicken in a burrito, and jade chicken in a quesadilla are not your everyday street fare either.The payoff is in the attention to detail.  I don't love all of their recipes, but I love a lot of them.  Everything is spiced well (pollo diablo!) and the ownership takes a lot of pride in the quality of the food.All this and it's called a "Takee-Outee".  Needless to say, pretty low-brow.My favorite new development: the Chandler location has FREE WIRELESS.  I love you, Chino.Eat at Chino's, Live Forever.
5	Freakin Awesome Food!  I've eaten here at least twice a month for the past year and I am still discovering new tastes on the menu!There's so much goodness and variety on their menu that trying to review it all would take me hours. Fantastic for eat in or take out you have to try it yourself.
5	This local famous restaurant is a fun place to eat for lunch.  Everytime I come to Phoenix I have to complete my trip by eating there.  Their chinese-mexican mixed foods are tasty.  The line is always there but the foods are served fast.  I always want to try different combo but end up eating Emerald Chicken and Jerk Chicken because they are that yummy.While you are there check out their chinese proverbs T-shirt.
4	I love their carnitas burritos, and their black beans!YUMThis food is weird, greasy, and very addictive.  My boyfriend hates it though, so I guess its not for everybody.
3	Chino Bandido is the best of... the best of it's kind. As a restaurant/eatery that fuses chinese, mexican and jamaican all into the same metal dish to-go, Chino Bandido is a unique Phoenician experience. While you will not get any sort of memorable experience from the decor, what you will remember is the intricate coded system of ordering from their enigma-menu, and the way your dish looks when it comes out with mexican beans, jerk chicken, red jade pork, and fried rice. If you love the basic combination of Meat + Rice, this is heaven.If you want Jamaican jerk chicken and pork fried rice thrown into a burrito - do it.You can look at the overhead board menu and choose from the basic options, but the real Chino Bandido experience occurs when you take a second to learn the menu code, and create your own combo. Choose two numbers 1-12 as meat, then either black or refried beans, then from a selection of rice - pork, chicken, fried, jerk, spanish - oh, and if you want it just thrown into the metal tin, or prepared as a burrito or quesadilla... Yeah, don't just order the #2. Make something your own.The space is nearly as large as a school cafeteria and the tables would fit perfectly in that setting. Grab a pen and menu from the ordering counter and sit down with your party while you fill it out neatly and circle the items you want. Hand it over when you order and that's it. They'll decipher the code and bring you your food.The Chandler location has free WiFi, and you'll see a good number of IT personnel at lunch, sitting with their laptops and 'working'.The food at Chino Bandido is really good. Especially for how much you get for the low price. There isn't anything like this anywhere else in Phoenix. While some describe this as a 'fusion' of the three types of food, it's honestly not that. Just because you throw them in the same bowl, that doesn't make it fusion. Chino Bandido fulfills cravings, all of them, all at once. Want chinese or mexican or a little jamaican? Right now? Okay! Go here. Although not better than most actual restaurants, Chino Bandido is definitely better than most fast lunch spots. I could seriously eat here everyday for a few months and not have the same dish.As far as a uniquely Phoenix experience, it is that, but it's not a must. When they start to actually create items and mashing things together... then it'll be a Phoenix Must. Until then, it's just one of the best quick lunches you can get.
3	I went there because it looked like a fun place.After practicing filling out their crazy menu online I dragged the hubster and a few other relatives. The Jade Chicken was fantastic, but nothing else notable.Cinnamon hockey puck? Thumbs up.I might go again if I crave the chicken. Maybe takee outee next time :)
4	You betcha previous reviewers! Oh so good!Oh so weird!Oh so politically  incorrect name and Panda Bear decor, But that's half the fun!  The black beans are great. They have the best snickerdoodles I ever had out of a bakery. Beware your stomach may get upset, if it tends to be sensitive. The food can be a bit greasy depending on what you order.
4	Where else can you get a Chile Relleno wrapped in a tortilla to make a burrito? Super crunchy friend goodness with oozy melty cheese in every bite.. Oh the overkill and love every second of it!! Jen Red Pork in a quesadilla with a side of black beans and jerk fried rice.. this is some serious hybrid comfort food.. may sound strange but works very well! You'll leave super stuffed and change in your wallet from a $10!
5	This place is legendary.  If you're feeling brave, definitely check it out.  If you aren't, find someone who is, and have them take you.  The mix of Chinese, Mexican, and Jamaican go together better than you could hope!My standard course of action was to get the jerk friend rice, black beans, a Sweet and Sour chicken quesadilla, and then some random item for fun.So if you head out, make sure you try a Sweet and Sour chicken quesadilla, and say hi to the owners, if you get a chance.  They are super nice folks, and have some fun stories to tell ;)
5	This place seriously rocks.  It satisfies basic cravings for Chinese and Mexican, with a quick pass over Jamaica if you're in the mood.  While there really isn't any "service" per se (you walk up to the counter and fill out an order form) the folks behind the counter are very friendly and helpful.  The ordering system can even be a bit confusing for a regular, but they'll take your order verbally, which is nice.  There is a sample center for newbies where you can get a spoonful of eight of their offerings, which is also nice.The menu is simple and complex at the same time.  There are about a dozen protein choices, which is simple enough.  I think there are some vegetarian things on the menu, but I'm not sure, being more of a carnivore.  There are also four choices of rice (fried plain, pork, chicken or jerk) and two choices of beans (black and refried).  Then there are the delivery choices:  rice bowl, burrito, quesadilla or plain.  You can do one item, or a combo of two, with rice and beans.  The number of possible combinations is difficult to calculate, especially for math-anxious me.The food is very good, and is high quality.  It's not sublime, fine cuisine.  Its ingeniousness does not lie in the ingredients or their preparation, but rather in the strange and wonderful combinations that can be created.  The emerald chicken is memorable:  moist chicken breast with a lovely sauce made from ginger, green onions and salt.  I googled this, found a recipe online and made it at home but mine wasn't nearly as good.  Chinese BBQ pork is just what it should be: five spice-y and sweet.  I'm too much of a wuss to order the jerk chicken (I tried a sample and felt incinerated) but dining companions have raved about it as a rice bowl.  My son adores the carnitas in a burro with chicken fried rice and black beans.  Tonight, I took out a combo:  emerald chicken quesadilla, Chinese BBQ pork quesadilla, pork fried rice, black beans, and a snickerdoodle.  This will be dinner tonight with plenty left over for the dog.  Total bill was under $9.  And the snickerdoodles are GOOD!  They're the same taste as my great-grandmother's were, but they're WAY bigger (a good thing).Ambience?  There is none.  It's strictly Costco plastic buffet tables with folding chairs and a concrete floor.  But who cares?  If you're taking it out, you've got to create your own ambience, anyway.  If you're eating in, you'll be paying way too much attention to your food (and that of your companions and neighbors) to bother worrying.  I also think the name is just too cool.  I am a huge fan of the politically incorrect, and "Takee Outee" rules!Finally, the location could not be worse - it's hidden in an obscure strip mall behind the Walgreen's on Chandler Boulevard and Dobson.  However, if you want to try it out, FIND it QUICKLY.  A posting on the door advised that Chino Bandito will be featured on Food TV's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives on April 7.  When Matt's Big Breakfast was featured last month, the wait times there tripled, so it's likely you'll be fighting crowds by the end of next week.4/2/08 EDIT:  It turns out that my order from last night was wrong.  WAY wrong.  I called to let them know, and they told me to come in tomorrow and they'll redo the whole thing.  Score!!
4	Jamaican, Mexican Chinese food are you kidding me?  Somehow it all works.  It's quirky and fun although a bit confusing at first but they are patient, friendly and helpful.   If you can't decide what you want they will let you taste before you get in line to order.   I tasted the jerk chicken which was excellent.  I was in a mexican mood so I went with carnitas and machaca which was good and fresh but  a bit plain for me.  I got the impression from everyone else at the table that chinese was the way to go.The snickerdoodles cookie served with every order is a nice touch. Prices are really reasonable -great for lunch!Chinsalutemon'
4	First impression: Are we in a cafeteria?  There were lines of table and chairs that reminded me of elementary school.  My coworker told me to go up and try the samples for new comers.  The girl behind the counter was very nice and offered me a large number of small samples.  I decided on a combo so I could try a bunch of things.  I had the spicy black beans, pork fried rice, sweet pork and emerald chicken.  I sat down with my coworkers and we were presented with foil to go containers filled with food.  All my coworkers preferred the red jade chicken (sweet n sour).  I thought their Americanized Chinese food was pretty good and very interesting when combined with Mexican food.
5	At the behest of a few friends and some glowing Yelp reviews, I decided to venture to Chino. The one on Dobson and Chandler is practically invisible unless you know where to look, but once I found it I thought it was kinda cool that it was hidden away like some manner of Indiana Jones treasure (there's a timely reference for you).The people inside are BEYOND friendly.  Like, super friendly.  Like, if they weren't serving my food and helping me understand the complexities of their menu, they might have freaked me out, sorta like It the Clown or that one episode of Are You Afraid of the Dark or Michael Jackson's nose (or lack thereof).   They really do give you a crash course on how to order, and give you samples of everything.I got the machaca beef and the emerald chicken, with jerk rice and refried beans.  Dear lord.  Talk about scrumtrilescent.  The machaca was so flavorful and delicious, and the emerald chicken was just the most amazing thing I've ever put in a tortilla (beside the one time me and this girl were messing around using food, and I...nevermind).The only thing that could possibly make this place any better is a bigger selection of drinks.  Some Mexican drinks (Horchata, maybe) fresh made or some juices and teas might make it complete.  So good.  So so good.
3	---Good--- Friendly service and I enjoyed the food.  I'd like to go back and try a few other items, but right now I'm kinda perturbed about this place.---Bad---  1) This is just dumb, how could you ever think of putting push/push doors on your bathrooms? Walk anywhere near the doors and you'll be smacked.  Buy two $.89 door handles and fix the problem.2) No ice tea or was it hidden and I had to press a magic button and the tea fairy would appear?3)The ordering system is not unique or funny, it sucks, it blows, it makes me want to kick a puppy.    Why must I use my secret decoder ring to find the code for what I want to order for lunch?     Example: First write the number of the entree down, if you want a burrito put a "B" next to it -BUT THEY DON"T TELL YOU THAT!!!!     WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF   Why make me figure all this out when all I want is lunch.4)Huge pictures of, what you would think to be, menu items above the register so you can order/figure out your selections. The first this she says was something like " These are not our menu items". Awesome, thanks for the mind fuck.But the food was good.
3	After seeing the reviews here on Yelp, I decided this was the restaurant the family would try this last Sat (5/31/08).  Sat night church, followed by dinner has become our family night.The ordering system does take a little getting used to.  The kids were a little concerned that there was no hot sauce and even suggested taking out to ensure they had some...the concern was a non-issue since there were some sauces by the soda fountain.The kids loved the Cuban black beans.  I couldn't get past the look and texture.  Not sure why, it's not a texture any different than a refried bean, guess I just don't like to see it so dark.Kids had the popular Jade Red Chicken and Carnitas quesadillas.  The hubbie and I stuck w/ bowls.  He had the Chinese BBQ Pork and I had the Chicken Diablo.  Both the hubbie and son didn't think the Diablo was too spicy, but I found that it is a cumulative hot that builds as you eat more; my mouth was on fire by the time I finished my meal.We also got big snickerdoodle cookies with our meals.Consensus was the food was good and we will probably return.
4	definitely love the food here. I've only been here twice, but each time the food has been wonderful and the service fast and friendly. I would recommend the machaca, carnitas and jen red quesadilla (sweet and sour).I do like how the food comes in a tinfoil container, so if I want to get my food to go all I need is a lid and it's ready for carry out. My one complaint is there is no ice tea. They do have Lipton tea from the fountain, but that's not tea, I don't know what that swill is. If only they would get some fresh brewed tea, this place would get five stars.
4	I like this place the food is a weird mix.  Asian and Latin influence mixed together.  My wife says it's too many flavors but I thinks it's pretty good.  Too expense for lunch great for dinner.
3	Interesting place...it's a local fave for a lot of people. As a vegetarian, there aren't a lot of options for me, but I can usually find something. Big thumbs-up for the free cookie. Ditto for the free samples. Thumbs down for the ordering process -- it's a bit of a pain, to say the least. The quirky decor -- pandas in sombreros -- is hilarious. The place is a dive in terms of atmosphere/decor, but the food's pretty good. That's usually the way it works, I guess.
1	NO. Don't go. I thought it was a great concept but their implementation of the Mexican/Asian idea was far from meeting any kind of expectations. I wanted to be able to come in and look at a menu and order easily and quickly. Instead, the girl said not to look at their menu up on the wall because it wasn't the real one. HUH???? Instead we should look at this laminated picture thingy she held out to us that explained the various plates and sides, etc. and told us we needed to sample each little dish before deciding. I had no time to do any such silly thing! I lost my patience so I just ordered a quesadilla and then sat down to wait for Eric to finish his order. He ordered some weird combo dish for himself that actually wasn't too bad. The place itself was a little strange. It was almost as though they had very first opened their doors hastily without finishing the details... the "fake" misleading menu, for one; and the lack of decor, for two. A few objects here and there suggested it was a mix of Hispanic and Asian, but it just felt empty and had no character or enthusiasm. Especially in the folks taking orders.
3	The person I went with had a lot of food allergies and the owner was very accommodating. She knew exactly what was in the food. Anyone with food allergies knows what a blessing it is when the chef/ owner knows everything about everything. A+ for that. Negatives:It took 15 minutes just to understand the flippin' menu. If you're new, prepare to get ushered to the sample tray where you'll get a tutorial on how to fill out the order card (which still makes no sense), then you'll be herded back in line where you finally pay and order. It's overkill for a restaurant geared towards the lunch crowd. Hell, it's overkill for any restaurant! Ordering should never be that complicated.I found everything to be too salty, over fatty, or over fried. The novelty of the place wasn't enough to make me enjoy the food. I figured the burrito would be a good bet because it takes a lot to mess that up. The owner recommended the black beans but unfortunately they came out runny. The taste and consistency was more of a dip or side dish than anything else. The beany-soupy burrito fell apart after one bite. Bummer! The side of rice was also equally as disappointing, as the rice seasonings weren't mixed. The bottom of the dish was just plain white rice and it had no taste. Even with all of that, because it's an interesting concept, the owners are accommodating, and most people LOVE the food (I'm sure I'm in the minority). If you're into a salty, greasy Mexican/Asian food, you can probably overlook the confusing ordering system and enjoy it.
4	So I finally went to Chino's. Though it didn't start off all that good, me being overly hungry didn't help this, but still, it ending well, with a cookie and a smile.We walked into the open and airy joint and where we found a huge front counter and the two owners (I know what they look like because I saw them on the food network show they were in) were assisting new customer by allowing them to sample some of their fairs,  this is all good, but we had 5 VERY finicky people in front of us...One was pregnant, one was a vegetarian, one had to return to work (didn't want stinky breath, whatever happend to gum) so every other thing that was brought out for them to taste was conversely turned away. FINALLY, after waiting at the counter for a good ten minutes, I just grabbed our order form and went to the check out. I was than first asked, is this your first time here, so I replied "yes" and one of the owners (the lady) said "so, do you like spicy or mild foods" and by now I am mildly starving, and replied shortly "I don't know, I just want some food." Now, I know there is much appeal about the "experience" of having the two owners hand feed you some of their most delicious creations, but there is no order or direction at this large counter, and this can be frustrating. Spending 10 minutes with three people and letting a line build up (on a Saturday afternoon at 1pm) with no one else directed to help isn't really a great idea...Hey but that's just me...Anyhow, I ordered the Jade Red Chicken and Jerk fried Rice, my other half ordered Jerk chicken with chicken fried rice. Just FYI the Jerk is really spicy I mean, 1000 little men in your mouth lighting torches spicy. My other half couldn't tell the difference between the peanut butter and snicker doodle cookies spicy (this was comedic however). But the flavor was very good in all the choices we made, I will be returning to Chino's for my personal tasting "experience"!
1	How does this restaurant generate so many 4 and 5 star ratings? I know it was on the food channel, but honestly the food was sub-par. Maybe it was just an off day, but I have a feeling it wasn't. The prices were not outrageous, but it wasn't cheap either. The atmosphere was nice, if very cafeteria like.But the food was way way too "greasy." And bland. And my stomach now aches after eating there....
3	I think think this place is overrated because of it uniqueness.  I mean, if you've never heard of this restaurant, you've probably never heard of chinese-mexican food.  That said, I think that uniqueness does make it a cool place.  I like the food.  When we went in the girl had us try samples of the different things, and she was super knowledgeable and very kind, not to mention super hot.  I don't know where she was from but she had a super cool accent that I couldn't pin, which definitely added to her hotness.  I almost asked her where she was from but I didn't.  Anyway, when I tried one of the samples she said "at first it's sweet, and then you'll get a little kick right about.....now!"  She was dead on I was very impressed.   After the many years this place has been around, I am very surprised they haven't changed the way the ordering works.  It is the most complex system I've ever seen in my life, and I imagine they get complaints all the time.  The flip side to that is that the employees are very eager to make sure you understand how it works, and they help you right along.  The snicker doodles they give with the meal are good.  The atmosphere is a little interesting at this location because it's like a cafeteria.  I would definitely tell everyone to try this place at least once for the experience, and you may decide you love it and come back for more.
5	I've been going to this place forever and it is amazing.  Check out this review I found at Phoenixonabudget.com http://phoenixonabudget.com/2008/08/20/chino-bandido-a-strip-mall-treasure/Defintely try the Jade Red Chicken - it is the best!
1	I had high hopes for this place after seeing it on the food network and hearing good reviews from coworkers.What we ate:1. machaca burrito-according to my son this was one of the best burritos he has had in a while..it was $3.50 and he ate it in like 4 bites..a bit small.2. Jade red pork quesadilla, jerk chicken, white rice- the rice was fine, the quesadilla only had a few pieces of pork and the chunks were huge and very very dry and tough. That jerk chicken was the most awful thing I have ever tasted !!!! that was not jerk chicken...it was soaked, dredged in nothing but black pepper, I almost choked. Jerk should be spicy and I am a fan of the spice, this was not edible in any way.3. carnitas burrito, jade red chicken, jerk fried rice-the chicken was average, tasted like sweet and sour chicken, the jerk fried rice was almost as overpowering as the chicken, but edible. the carnitas was like no other we have ever seen...shredded beyond belief and a weird spinach flavor to it. we asked if spinach was in it and was told it was cilantro. The cilantro may have taken on a bitter flavor from being cooked for so long...whatever the case ...the flavor was just odd and had a horrible after taste for hours.The staff were very nice and accomadating. i dont think i will venture here again...ever.
2	The food tasted great and I loved the decor.  They have a 12,000 lb black granite panda wearing a sombrero.  That was too cool.  The food was great and not expensive, but the menu was a disaster and you had to study how to write in the proper codes before you could order.  This really wasn't needed as we were the only people in line.  Also I got sick after eating this junk, it only last for ~4hours but it still sucked.
4	Two words. Emerald Chicken! I chose to have mine in a quesadilla and it was fabulous, but it also makes a mighty fine burrito! Newbs... make sure to get a lesson in ordering because it will be a bitch if you don't know what you're doing and also make sure to taste EVERYTHING they offer you. It's all so very delicious. I also really like the Jade chicken. It's not what you'd think when you hear Asian Mexican fusion... it's much better!
1	To say I don't get the appeal of Chino Bandido would be an understatement.I don't really need to say anything about this place...just look at the picture above! That's what the food looks like!  Need I really say more?Well, I'm going to:OK, so they serve both Mexican and Chinese food. SO WHAT? It's not even like they serve a hybrid of Mexican and Chinese food. You know, if they served Kung Pao enchiladas, that might be interesting, but this is just Chinese food and Mexican food next to eachother in the same aluminum takeout bowl (yes, even if you'e not taking out). Oh, and by the way, did I mention it's SHITTY Chinese and Mexican food. That being said, if you love Panda Express, you might like the Chinese food at Chino Bandido. If you like super-over-fried, heartburn-enducing flavorless cardboard, you might like their Mexican food. And If you like using plastic silverware to try and cut through said cardboard as it sits in said aluminum take-out bowl while countless shirtless 10-year-olds drool over every dirty inch of your favorite restaurant, then this might just be your favorite restaurant.On the plus side, they give you a free cookie.
2	Okaaay, so my fiance really wanted to go here for dinner last night, but I was weary, sounded really greasy. So I talked him into something else, then  again today, pleeeease, Chino Tori? Fine, I gave in. I'll give this to Chino, it's an original idea. Mexican, Jamaican and Chinese fusion, but it's not executed well at all. Like someone said before, the whole ordering process, especially for first timers needs to somehow be streamlined, it's ridiculous, like they need a help desk or something. But part of the initiation is you get to taste test before ordering, so I guess that is good.  The location is waaaay back in this weird building, and weird weird, not weird good. There is also way too much space inside, gives it a very cafeteria feel. Now to the food...the jerk chicken Chris ordered was pretty good, as was his sweet n sour chicken and rice. My lunch on the other hand was a disaster, so I ate half of his. I ordered the emerald chicken, then I get the choice of being served over rice or in a quesidilla, I chose the dilla. Well, that was the wrong choice. See the pic I posted, my quesidilla was glistening!! We could not eat it. It was in a pool of grease. Gross.So Chino, I have some ideas for ya. Get it together, this is a cool concept, but learn how to make your food consistently good, maybe toasting the quesidillas instead of frying? Hire a professional to look at your menu and give suggestions for prep. Second, the ordering system needs attention, it's confusing. Thirdly, the space is weird and desolate, some interior changes would be a good thing.
1	Rating:  Two Tum's Down, as in you'll need two tums after eating here. Service: was great,  gave us the 8 samples and i would've felt bad for walking away after trying them.  so despite my gut feeling, i stayedAte: the jerk chicken seasoning is pepper...and lots of it.  had orange chicken quesadilla, jade chicken burrito, black beans, and chicken fried rice.  taste is like panda express threw up at taco bell.  Pros: painting of panda wearing a sombero eating w/ chopsticks while  sitting on a rickshaw pulled by a donkey. try to wrap your head around that for a second... Cons: my stomach hurt so bad it was hard to work after lunch. order up a handful of antacids to remedy the situation.  in a moment of weakness i ate the leftovers a few hours later and was pleasantly surprised by the same pain again for dinner.  i will never eat there again.
4	We were visiting from LA, and tried to do a few restaurants featured on DDD.  Since we were close to Chandler, we hit this location rather than the original Phoenix location, but the food and concept was the same so it's all good.I was actually surprised how much we ended up liking this place.  My wife had the Emerald (Ginger) chicken and egg foo young combo bowl, and I had the Jade chicken and Emerald combo bowl.It's been written many times before how this place works, so there's not much to add other than the food is actually really really good.  All white meat chicken, the flavors were good, and the Jade chicken was the shizzle.DDD joints are sometimes hit or miss, but this was a hit.  Nice people, good food.  It was really empty on a Friday evening, though, so I hope it sticks around.
2	I have to say I'm rather disappointed after my half hour + trek to Chandler only to be served cold Chinese food in a cavernous (and empty) retail location.  I'd read all the rave reviews about Jade Red Chicken and was amped for some kick ass grub.  Three different people I know personally  all told me I needed to check out CB as well and one of my buds, whose culinary curiosity is on par with mine, says he literally craves this stuff.I was pretty stoked to try something new tonite for dinner as we tend to get bogged down in central phoenix and eat at the same places over & over again.  It's Friday nite, I'd had a few beers after work and had  a pretty light lunch, so I was beyond peckish and downright ready for the taste sensation I expected Chino Bandido to be.  My better half and I drove from CenPho down to the culturally devoid center of the Universe (aka Chandler), hungry and excited.  We'd read the reviews, used the interactive menu tool on the CB website and we were pumped for an excellent, if not quirky dinging experience.  Not.  ;(The restaurant itself is in a bizarre, gravelly strip mall, oddly wedged between a nail salon and a store called simply "Wide Shoes".  We walked in to what felt like a vacant student union during spring break - -when everyone else is in Ft. Lauderdale, Rocky Point or the Caribbean and you're the only kid broke enough to stay on campus and work at your library job.  There were maybe 25-30 other diners in the place but it is so huge inside that it felt empty and barren.We were greeted by a nice-enough counter lady who took our orders and punched them into the register.  I felt somewhat robbed of the paper-menu ordering experience I'd heard so much about -- no challenge, nothing unique.   We grabbed our drinks, utensils and straws and settled in at the end of a LOOOONG vacant  Rubbermaid folding table. Jason asked why they had church buffet tables set up.  I thought maybe there was something cool about them....but nope...just cheap tables.  We looked around a bit while we waited for our food to come over and raised our eyebrows questioningly at one another. I kept waiting to "get it" -- which I figured we would when the food arrived.There were some screaming kids running around while their parents ignored them, chatted with one another and texted.  (BRATS! BRATS!! BRATS!!!  Get outta my yard!!  ...I yelled inside my head like that mean old lady from down the block when I was a kid). My annoyance with bad parenting aside --I couldn't figure out why everyone loved this place. It has all the ambiance of a med-clinic. I felt like at any minute a middle-aged woman in chili-pepper-embellished scrubs would shuffle over, hand me a clipboard with a flower-shaped pen, ask me to sign a release form and pay my co-pay.  There wasn't even MUZAK playing -- there was NO music playing which made the place seem even more devoid of life.The food soon arrived and we dug in eagerly. Everything was a smidge above room temp -- if that, and pretty boring to be frank. The Jade Red Chicken is pretty comparable to Panda Express' orange chicken.  The BBQ'd pork didn't seem to have any asian BBQ flavor -- more like roasted pork soaked in sugar and the cold, thick refried beans could have come from Taco Bell or a can. Nothing unordinary or even interesting here. The only thing that was in the least bit interesting was the pork fried rice which tasted oddly like it'd been cooked with cheap white sherry and shallots -- which I've not experienced before with fried rice. That was "atypical" but certainly not interesting or enchanting.  The only redeeming thing about the meal was the Snickerdoodle which seemed oddly out of place for either Mexican or Asian food.  It was pretty good though.Even though I was physically full after the meal I felt very emotionally empty, oddly depressed about Chandler, its environs and its residents.  Everyone else in the joint seemed oddly devoid of emotion as -- certainloy not like people who go out to dinner on a Friday evening.  I'm thinking we should have aimed the car towards the original Chino Bandido in the Aves.  I am  a fan of asian and latin foods and admittedly have an odd penchant for cheap asian buffets -- so I'm usually pretty tolerant of cheap bad fried foods.  I'm thinking that the original divey joint didn't translate well to Chandler, so I'm willing to give CB another try -- just never again in the east valley. Please someone explain to me what I'm missing here.
3	Totally unique combination of Mexican and Asian food.The food is reasonable, but it is mediocre Mexican or Asian as solo fare.  Combined it is unique enough to want to come back to explore more variety.It definitely has a charm that is hard to articulate.More than anything it is FABULOUS for large groups.  Beyond accommodating.  This is one of those must try at least one time restaurants.
3	Turned onto this place when they catered to our Startup Weekend event.Tons of options, bunch of different food, confusing but they have like a whole taste-testing deal where they'll let you taste like everything so you know what you're getting into.Jerk chicken will take your breath away at first, pretty hot but good and all the bowl options with rice and all that stuff is kinda cool.HUUUGE room to have big groups in.Food is good... nothing spectacular honestly
3	How does that song go again?  Oh, yeah..."Ya gotta have a gimmick, if you wanna have a chance!"The ordering process here a bit convoluted and the food so-so, but for some reason people go 'koo-koo for coco puffs' about this place.  Yes people, that's a panda wearing a sombrero, get over it.
2	I tried this place twice because it was very different.  It is different but that's it.  The place doesn't have much else going for it.
5	This place gave my friend and I (after asking if it was our first time eating there) EIGHT samples to try!!They explained the food is named after children-which I didn't really understand, but who cares it was SUPER SUPER TASTY!I really like their asada, and I think its called chicken jade or something like that..but you can have ANY of the items made into a burrito, a rice bowl, or a quesadilla. It's pretty amazing.I ordered #5 garlic chicken with onions and tomatoes the tomatoes were not really stewed more like they were baked with the chicken, nothing really overpowered anything it was a great balance between all the flavors, and on top of plain rice it was perfect!Atmosphere is fastfood dining, and they have outdoor seating for smokers like me.  My friend ordered the Carnitas  on top of their version of fried rice, which has meat in it -giving the rice a delicious flavor - just engulfed the plate in a matter of minutes, it was THAT good!Highly recommend this place, the items on the menu are extremely well thought out, the prices are amazing for the food you get -5.00 for a large plate!! AND you get your choice of cookie for desert..the chocolate one melts in your mouth, its gooey on the inside in some parts of it and sprinkled with powdered sugar. They brought our order TO us outside, which they didnt have to..As far as customer service goes, they are on it.I would say it's on a gourmet level in a fast food wrapper.GO!*right now there is construction that obstructs the front of the place, but doesn't affect parking, which there is plenty of*
2	I wasn't sure whether to give two or three stars.  I read some of the other reviews and many people are spot-on with this place.  It is oddly located, in a small strip mall-type place with limited parking.  It is a large, empty-feeling restaurant with not much to look at.  I have been here twice.  The first time I was greeted by a friendly girl who, upon learning that it was my first time, offered up samples and directions on how to order.  I found the food to be tasty and interesting but not wonderful.  My husband had the jerk chicken and was rewarded with the worse heartburn he's ever experienced.  He was up most of the night regretting that jerk chicken.  Needless to say we'll never order jerk again.My second visit was several months ago.  I was "greeted" by an unenthusiastic guy who was just ready to take my order but offered no assistance.  I politely said, "this is my second visit but it was so long ago that I was first here I don't remember how the combinations work..."  I looked at him hopefully, willing him to explain a little to me.  He looked back at me, I guess hoping I would just order something.  I tried again to ask in a more direct way if he could explain the system to me, since it is complicated and no where does it explain to you exactly how to order.  If you just look at the menu it is confusing and I don't know exactly what I'm looking at.  He seemed annoyed and handed me a paper copy of their menu and sort of quickly explained a couple things.  I was in a hurry and at this point I just decided to order some things and see what happened.  Again, I had some food that was interesting but not wonderful.  It is like the first few bits are quite flavorful and tasty....then after a bit you start feeling like you don't want any more.  At least that is how I felt.  I may not try it again here.
3	It's a crazy place that takes a PhD in hypergeometry to understand how to order. Inventive food, if you're up for that sort of thing. with the unique choices and variations they gave me a sampler of everthing so I could make up my mind.What you've heard about the snookerdoodle is correct. My theory is it's laced with nicotine -  it's addictive.I marked yes on wait service because it was slow and the owner brought our food over, he probably doens't always do this.
3	If I still smoked weed (okay, if I was high) this place would be fucking heaven. Random mixes of spicy food that's not that great for you, fried stuff with cheese all served in a goddamn tinfoil pan.As everyone I know either loves or hates this place, I finally made it out tonight and, well, my first paragraph sums up how I feel.Try it, at least once. It's interesting, has some definite winners (the Cuban beans were GREAT) and you might just find yourself a new place to go under the influence.If not, well, at least your colon will be clean in the morning.
3	"Mexican / Asian Fusion" -- sounds like a night filled with heartburn and the next day filled with running to the bathroom.But it actually works. The food is really good. You need a secret decoder ring to figure out how to place an order as there must be 3,214,982 different possible combinations. The staff is friendly and helpful though.Maybe it's my fault, or my decoder ring is malfunctioning, but almost every time I've ordered, something has been wrong. They always graciously taken it back and fix it though.Personally, I could get by with just a giant bowl of jerk fried rice and a plate of snickerdoodles.
4	Chinese $ Mexican!!! 2 cuisines that are usually peoples favorite. I've been here once and let me tell you, great stuff. I went here with about 10 people and they all loved it. Especially the Red jade Chicken.....awesome. The Emerald chicken in a quesadilla was also a favorite. Make sure you order the black beans and the jerk fried rice. Seriously don't forget. I do have to say it is kinda weird being served in a aluminium foil bowl, but who gives a S%$t, the food in it is good. I will come here everytime I visit my bro in the big AZ. Peace.
4	My comments go as follows:1.  Say, WHAT?  Mexican food and Chinese?2. It's not really Mexican, nor Chinese.  It's its own thing.  Don't expect anything in particular.  3.  It's unique and good.  The black beans are DELISH.4.  As a vegetarian, there aren't so many options - there is the veggie egg foo young (which is good) and the veggie salad (which is not).  I end up getting a cheese quessadilla and egg foo young -- all in all, very tasty.5.  The snickerdoodle may be the best part.
4	It's a pity that there's no pub right next door to this place because they would have a rip-rawking business catching people as they stumbled out looking for something with which they could mop up the Coronas, while oblivious to the fact that Mexican food and Chinese had been combined. Yep, who knew that cheese on top of Chinese actually tasted pretty good. "Yeah...," I hear you say, "you're Scottish and you eat those furry, wee beasties that roam around the mountains in that, there yonder place." Touche... But, you know what's in the food here and it actually is unique and tastes completely DELISH! :) What's more, they have a gluten-free menu! Yay! Off the top of my head, the following items were GF:Jade Red Pork/ChickenEmerald ChickenGringo ChickenEgg Foo Young (minus the pork and gravy)Pollo Diablo MachacaCarnitasRiceBeansI plumped for the Emerald chicken and Jade Red Chicken with black beans and rice. Soooo good. I don't mind the aluminum food bowls at all, but then I didn't come here with the mistaken impression that I was eating at Chez Froo Froo or having afternoon, high tea at The Ritz.Anyway, I'll definitely be going back. Chino offers great value for money and the staff are uber-friendly! A big thumbs-up from me. I'll update with five stars when more nutritional info is given for items on the menu.
5	Love it!!! Wish we still lived in Arizona as Chino is the one thing we miss. Every time I think about Chino Bandido my mouth starts watering. If I am ever in the state again I will drive out of my way just to go to it again. YUMMY!
2	After watching Guy Fieri on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives review of Chino Bandido i decided to give it a try. On the show the owner said you can make something like  20 thousand different combinations. Wow! Sounds great right? To begin this multi-cultural journey I decided to look at their menu online where they have a tutorial to learn how to order. Easy enough. As I spouted out my order "can I get a combination 8, 9B JFR; BLK" I realized I had no clue what I was about to get myself into.  The combination of all of the flavors was just odd. I really really wanted to like it, but in the end it was just a heap of odd-tasting food that just didn't work. I will give it to them for doing something new, but be forewarned the jerk chicken will light your face on fire!
5	Quite possibly my favorite restaurant! I eat at Chino Bandido about once a week. While I occasionally mix it up a little bit, my usually is Carnitas in a quesadilla, Jade Red Chicken, Black Beans, and Chicken Fried Rice!Almost TOO much flavor!
4	I'll spare you from having to read more comments about how weird or cool the ethnic combinations are.  It's a wonderful concept and I'm sure you all get it by now, so shall we just move along?To start, the guys behind the counter (upon finding out it's your first time there) will give you a good amount of samples for you to try.  I appreciated that.For the most part, the items were pretty flavorful.  And having the option of eating it on its own, in a quesadilla or a burrito made it that much more fun.I had the Jade Red Chicken (by itself) and the Chili Relleno in a quesadilla.  And on the side I had chicken fried rice and jerk fried rice.  No complaints about any of those things.If I lived in the area (or less than a 5 hour drive away), I'd eat here every once in a while as my comfort food since I love Chinese and Mexican food.
2	I went here in November with a really large group and loved the concept. I got the jerk chicken which burned my face off, so when I went back last night I decided to not get that. I was with my kid, and I ordered her a teriyaki chicken. I got myself the Jade Red Chicken because it was suppose to be the best.The cashier said it would be awhile because there were a lot of people. I said that should be ok, and figured maybe it would be 20 minutes. Forty-five minutes later he brought our food. Hers was a bowl of whiterice with way too much teriyaki sauce all over it. There was NO Chicken at all! I took it back and they dumped cold chicken slices across the top and put on even more sauce. My Jade Red Chicken was dry, overdone and crunchy. Terrible.And it wasn't even until I got home that I realized they didn't remember to give us our cookies!I give it 2 stars because the concept is really cool and they have free wifi. Those are the only reasons.
3	I wish my kids enjoyed the rice with teriyaki sauce or the rice with gravy because a bowl of it is free for kids.  Mine didn't enjoy either sauce.  You can add chicken to it for $1.50... way cheap kids meal.  It also comes with a drink and cookie.I am a vegetarian and try to eat healthy.  This place doesn't leave many options for me.  I do really really like the chili relleno but it is greasy and I wouldn't eat it very often.  I eat it with the plain rice and black beans.  I just LOVE the black beans... my favorite part of the whole restaurant.  I tried the fried rice and it was way to greasy for my tastes.  The vegetarian egg fu young was not good at all.  Greasy and no flavor.The cookies are scrumptious!
5	The BOMB wish they had one in San Diego.
5	When you buy the combo, you are really buying 2 meals.  Thats probably the best part about this place.  $10 for 2 meals.  My recommendations:  Jerk Chicken Fried Rice, Sweet and Sour Chicken Quesadilla with a Chile Relleno burrito.  You wont be dissapointed!
5	In short, amazing!In long, this place has an awesome selection and mix of food.  I love that the location is somewhat tucked away.  Although I wish this restaurant all the success in the world, I love the low-key feel of the place.  The staff is super nice and accommodating.They offer samples so if someone has never been here, they'll be able to sample their many selections before diving into something that they might not particularly enjoy.I appreciate the option to eat with chopsticks.  They also have some spice that I have no idea what it is but it's widely available by the soda fountain and is quite tasty.Saving the best thing about this restaurant for last, they GIVE Snicker Doodle cookies with your meal!!!
4	Yes, this restaurant is in a strip mall near a discount brake shop and a super wide foot shoe store. Yes, the menu is confusing and placing your first order is the equivalent mental effort of high school calculus. Yes, it feels like an elementary school cafeteria with what looks like the remnants of a putting green in the corner. Yes, after you've eaten, you feel like you're well on your way to giving birth.BUT ...It's got a panda wearing a sombrero! How can you go wrong? The food is an epiphany in your mouth. The black beans alone are enough to keep me going back. In fact, I live in California now, but wouldn't dream of visiting AZ without going there. Plus, they give you a fresh baked cookie!The perfect plate: Jade Red Chicken, Emerald Chicken in a quesadilla, Black Beans, Chicken Fried Rice.The perfect plate lyte: Jade Red, Black Beans and Plain Rice in a bowl.
3	Time for an update on Chino.I still like Chino very much, BUT in recent times at the Chandler location I've been getting overly greasy dishes and lower quality chicken.It's possible I've just been unlucky.So I'm still a fan, but I hope quality control goes back up.Vegetable Quesadilla still rocks!
4	I don't think there is anything worse about this place than it's location. When a bigger landmark is a sign next door that says "Wide Shoes" you are in geographical hell. This place is rarely busy but has tons of space and lots of potential. I have eaten there a bunch and love it. The jerk rice is killer. (someone here totally dissed it saying the only spice in it was pepper...umm...no) You really should try it and you will see. The combinations I have found to be my favorite are jade red chicken or sweet roasted pork in a quesadilla. Those are combinations of flavors that you would never expect to be that good. In my opinion they could make some changes and be making 10 times the money. #1. Get a normal freakin menu. You can't go this place and say I will have a number six with a large soft drink. None of us want to work or do much thinking to order our food. They want to do their sample demonstrations and they usually have time since NOBODY GOES THERE. I wish they would even have the guts to pilot a simplified menu--I think they would be shocked at how much more business they would get. #2 Get a few conventional items on the menu i.e. Nachos or chips and salsa or something that is a good snacky kind of food. #3 Come up with a signature item or two and give them original names rather than all of the all-menu-items-are-equal approach. It is worth checking out if you have not been there and I enjoy eating there still. It's a bit cafeteria/industrial warehouseish with not much to check out other than the statue of the panda in a sombrero.
4	Interesting  fusion concept.  I love Mexican and Chinese, so it was a no-brainer when I learned of this please via Guy Fieri's "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives" show.  It's been a few months since I tried, but I highly recommend this to anyone!
4	Just had to try this place when I heard it was Asian-Mexican fusion and was featured on Triple-D with Guy Fieri. I will admit that I studied up beforehand, since some very resourceful Yelpers mentioned the complexity of the ordering system. It was worth walking through their "How to Order" demo on their website to know what to do.The staff was extremely helpful when I approached the counter and volunteered that I was a Chino-Bandido virgin. They even provided tasting samples and suggestions that helped me understand what the different flavor profiles were. I settled on the combo (2 meat entrees, choice of beans, choice of rice) and chose Pollo Diablo (meat alone), Jen Red Pork (in a quesadilla), jerk fried rice and black beans. All were delicious and the servings generous. I dared not finish my quesadilla for fear the Oompah Loompahs would have to roll my fat ass out the door afterward.I think there's a bit of a learning curve to eating here, but I enjoyed the unique dining experience. One of the staff even spotted my Chico State shirt and we instantly started chatting, since he was also from my neck of the woods (northern northern California, I like to call it). I learned that next time I'm going with the meat entrees as meat alone (as opposed to in a burrito or quesadilla), since there is more than enough of the sides to fill you up and the extra packaging only serves to mask the unique flavors of their savory meat choices.I'll make a trip back, but I'm gonna save up some room first. The last meal resulted in a serious mid-afternoon lunch coma nap.
3	Their fried rice sucks and is flavorless.Their beans suck and are flavorless.Their meats are hit and miss... the Jade Chicken is very good, but some of their meats are a bit flavorless.I guess if you got the meats in a quesadilla, or burrito or whatever, it might be better.  Some people love this place, some people HATE IT.  Your mileage may vary.  It's worth trying, even if just for the uniqueness of the place.
4	Chino Bandido has the best food you never thought you'd ever enjoy.  I ordered the combo plate since I wanted to try a wider variety of what they had.  I got their ginger chicken, the jade chicken, the pork fried rice, and the black beans and jerk fried chicken wrapped into a burrito. Ginger chicken: awesomeJade chicken: awesomePork fried rice: great but not something you eat just by itself, you've got to mix it up with everything else Black beans: omg - these are great.  I'm not sure why but they tasted like pizza tomato sauce but hey, pizza tomato sauce tastes good too.I'll be back again, it was pretty good and while I was sitting at the picnic tables (the plastic folding tables rock) I read up on the history of Chino Bandido online and it's just an all around great story of a super successful family owned establishment that came up with a unique menu and hit a home run. If you're up for something new and something you won't find elsewhere, swing by and grub.  I'm bringing some friends from London and Hong Kong to eat here later this week.  I'm sure they'll love it.
4	Very quirky place but very good lunch. The kind of hole in the wall where you find business suits and tank tops. The food is quite unique and tasty. Very reasonable
4	Chinese + Mexican Fusion. Try the Jade Red Chicken and Emerald Chicken. Assemble a combo where you can choose any 2 meats and choose to eat them plain, in a burrito or quesadilla. Large space, free wi-fi, combos get a free cookie. If it's your first time, ask for an introduction, they will happily provide free samples of everything. Complex ordering and menu system is the only complaint...but the learning curve is worth it.
4	Ever wonder what would happen if a nice Mexican girl and a nice Chinese boy got married and opened a restaurant? Chino Bandido is a place that is a great idea and pretty darn good!So here is the rub:  it is Mexican food with Chinese influences.  The one that got me in the door "General Tso's Chicken Burrito".  Think about it.  Think about it... gotcha.  Something you definitely want to try.As a newbie, the super nice woman behind the counter let me taste a bunch of different meats before I had to decide.  The emerald chicken, which everyone seems to like, is quite good.  Probably the most Chinese style meat there.  It is like chimichurra or a salty, green onion sliced chicken.  I can't decide which.However, I am delighted to say I stayed for the General Tso's Chicken burrito.  They call it Jade Red Chicken.  Get it in a burrito.  Get it in a quesadilla.  Get it over rice.  Get it in a large pile.  Just get it.  Great stuff.  (see menu:  http://www.chinobandido.com/ordermenu.html)Now, this is NOT authentic anything.  This is a perfectly nice family pushing a cool, original fusion style of cooking.  If for no other reason, that is worth checking out.  But even better - the food is good.  Enjoy it!...and just one second.  I almost forgot to mention the 2nd tastiest, most random thing you would expect from a place like this:  Snickerdoodles.  Yes, the sugary, Cinnamon swirled cookies.  Not sure why they do it, but this place has EXCELLENT snickerdoodles.  Go for those too.And hey, say hi to the Panda with the sombrero for me:  http://www.chinobandido.com/images/The%20Three%20Bears.jpg
2	It has been a while since I visited this place but it left a definite impression on me. Now weather it was a good one or bad one, I have not decided yet! This is their second location and boy did it impress. This mega large laboratory as I see it allows the cooks in the back to mix up all kinds of Mexican/chinese combos all for your feasting pleasure. My trip to this place resulted from a mini maraton of Diners, Drive-ins and Dives. Being that I am a Arizona native and big man who loves to eat I decided to give this place a shot. After all how many places other than a buffet can you get different types of cuisine all on one plate? Not many.  From the moment I walked in I was greeted and offered a tour of all the different items and ways they could be combined. I swear it felt like I was taking a test LOL. (OK you said I can get the spicy chicken made into what now?) I mean honestly if it is necessary for you to spend over 12 minutes explaining how to order food from your restaurant you may want to think about changing a few things around. But after taking the time to study I felt I was ready for my final exam, time to order. OK let me say that for those who expect this place to turn out real homemade Mexican food, they will be disappointed. What they do offer is the chance to try things in new and different ways. Are they all a success? No! But with so many choices, an empty belly and a sense of culinary adventure I am sure you will want to try this place at least once in your life time. Who knows you may like a jerk chicken burrito or a jade chicken quesadilla but for me I will stick with the local takeout Chinese food joint. Why because when it comes to food you should not have to choose between simple and good, it should be simply good period. Case closed, class dismissed.
5	You would think chinese+mexican fusion is gross, but in reality it's like a fiesta on the great wall of china in your mouth.My personal favorite is the jade red chicken, gringo chicken on jerk fried rice w/ black beans combo. The portions are huge, the food is probably extremely fattening, and you *WILL* have a food coma by the end of lunch.To top things off, they give you a cookie. All for $8. Hands down my favorite place to eat.
2	It was ok. It is like someone who is drunk and this is what the craved for munchies. They combined a Panda Express with a Taco Bell into one dish. Also the fried rice was terrible
4	Definitely good and unique food.  Not sure if it's to die for, but definitely worth eating every now and again!
5	I LOVE everything about this place!
5	OH MY GOD.The first time you eat here, it will be a bit confusing, but they make the process of introduction easy and fun. You go up to the counter and try samples of everything, then make your order on a sheet. They bring it to your table along with one of their beloved Snickerdoodle cookies.I've never become so addicted to anything in my life. The combination of fresh chinese and authentic mexican food is unreal. It's so good us Californians are begging our Arizona friends to Fed Ex this stuff back. The Red Jerk Chicken -THE BEST
4	I went here after seeing this restaurant featured on Dinners, Drive-Ins, and Drives.  I wasn't quite sure about the mixture of Mexican and Chinese food...but I was pleasantly surprised!  The menu is a little confusing, but the girl at the counter was helpful in explaining it.  There was plenty of food and it was tasty!.....One of my creations was the carnitas in a quesadilla.......Mmmmmmm.....try it out!!!!!
3	Went here with a large group after a tech conference as my first time. The picture menu helps you decide what to eat, but the free taste test helps even more. I went with the Red Jade Chicken, which was like a sweet-and-sour chicken. It was pretty good... I wouldn't say that it's any better than Panda Express though. The meal came with a cookie (ftw). I'd go back if someone else was driving. It's not close to my house and it didn't have that "amazing"  feel that would make me drive to have it. They have beer though... bonus.
4	My first visit here was long over due. I had heard the legend of this Asian Mexican fusion cuisine. On first visit I was a bit confused about how and what to order as there are several combo and meal options to choose from, luckily they have helpful staff and I was sober. For me a vegetarian there are 2 main options, the Chile rellno or the veggies. I have only tried the chilie rellno in all forms. On my first visit I got a combo which allows you to pick any two items and get each one in either a burrito or quesadilla. I opted for one of each.With the combo comes rice of several choices and beans. I recommend the Cuban style beans as they are full of great flavor.  To spice things up be sure to take a copious amount of their hot sauce. It  has a great spice with a slightly sweet note.   I got my meal to go so I had to wait a few minuets to see what I had actually ordered.The first appearance was very greasy and somewhat disorganized in a small round pan. One bite later and I was hooked. The textures and flavors were incredible. The batter on the Chile is very unique and it must have cornflakes and or French fried onions to add that special crunch.  I was very satisfied with my meal, it was affordable  (less than $8) great tasting and very filling.To my surprise the bag contained two free cookies! I will be going back when I have a chance. My friend who I was with shares the same opinion. I just will have to work out a bit more as this is not exactly healthy food.
4	I ate here for dinner last night, and again for lunch today. I'd go back for dinner tonight, but it's 4:30pm, and I'm STILL FULL FROM LUNCH.For dinner, I had a combination with black beans, jerk fried rice, jade red chicken, and machaca. One of the best $8 dinners I've ever had. The machaca was tender and flavorful. The jade red chicken was not overly sweet, but had a tangy flavor that I really liked. The cashier who gave me samples said that it was like a sweet-and-sour, but I think it was a little closer to an orange or General Tso's chicken. I've never had jerk fried rice before, but I definitely approve.For lunch today, I had another combo. This time it was a jerk chicken quesadilla, emerald chicken, plain fried rice, and black beans. Jerk. Chicken. Quesadilla. You heard me. Jerk. Chicken. Quesadilla.The jerk chicken has a subtle heat that slowly builds as you eat it. It won't scorch your lips, but it'll make you feel loved on the inside.Bonuses: - free cookies. Who doesn't like a cookie?- free wifi. Nuff said.- incredibly friendly staff who don't mind explaining their menu to n00bs like me.- samples!My only regret is that I have to leave town tomorrow, and I don't think I could eat another bite tonight. It's truly one of the most unique restaurant concepts I've ever tried, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. I'm hoping I'll get another job assignment in the area so that I can try a machaca/black bean/jerk fried rice burrito.My advice: go eat here before the southern conservatives shut it down because they hate "mixing".
1	What the hell happened to this place?I used to love Chino Bandido... their wacky Mexican/Asian combos seemed to give me consistent mouth-gasms every time I'd go there. Within the past year or so however something changed, the staff went way downhill and the resulting food that comes out of the kitchen is a sad and pathetic shadow of what it used to be. Just to illustrate this point, I decided to give this place another shot a few weeks ago and upon walking in (the place was empty by the way) I was greeted with a "wassup' by the main kid at the register... nothing more than that... just "wassup" with a look on his face like I was a rival gang member entering into hostile territory... not very welcoming to say the least. After ordering my combo dish 'to go'... I was treated to about a 15 minute wait, and while I was waiting the three kids working in the kitchen were rapping with each other. Some of the words coming from their mouths are probably too harsh to include in this review. It was obvious that they were paying no attention to my food that was cooking. It was so uncomfortable to be sitting there that long, staring at a group of clueless kids making fools out of themselves... I almost walked out without my food even though I had already paid; because let's be honest... the chance of this food being decent at this point was near zero in my mind. After my long wait, and being handed my bad of food by one of the delinquent-looking employees (who by the way didn't mutter a single word when giving me my dish or when I left)... I went home to uncover what horrors awaited me in that styrofoam container. Let me just tell you my friends, it was not pretty. It looked like someone had taken an ice cream scooper and just plopped a pile of beans on top of a soggy tortilla and rice... then put in on the floor and stepped on it. It was a mushy pile of greased up nothingness... no substance, just a poor excuse for a pile of food that could be mistaken for animal excrement.By no means should you go here, unless they revitalize this place or hire some new staff... so this is your warning; avoid the Chandler location like the plague!
4	It looks like everyone's experince here differs greatly.  It is a novelty to say the least.  Where else would you find asian/mexican/carribean food?  When we first arrived there was no one there.  The guys behind the counter were super helpful in giving out samples and showing me how the ordering process worked.  I placed my order, got drinks, and sat down to wait.  My daughter waited patiently while looking at pictures posted on the wall.  When the food was ready they brought it out to our table.  My daughter had a cheese quesadilla and white rice.  Ya, I know, but what can you do?  I was a picky eater as a kid too.  I had a jerk chicken quesadilla, carnitas, black beans and pork fried rice.  Was it the most amazing food I've ever had?  No, but it was good and it was cheap and better than Micky D's any day.  My daughter gobbled down her rice and quesadilla.  It was tasty, the jerk chicken had just enough heat for me, the carnitas were tender, and the rice had nice flavor.  The decor is a bit different.  It's a huge area with lots of seating.  It feld kind of echo-y when we got there because it was empty.  The kitchen looked clean but I noticed some of the table needed to be wiped down better and the soda station could have been cleaned up a bit more.  This is a great place for families.  Mid way through our meal more and more came in.  There is a little children's play area in front of the asian/mexican panda bear in the corner.  My daughter took the opportunity to make some new friends.  Am I going to go back.  Yes, I will.  Cheap eats other than fast food are hard to find. And you get a cookie with your meal.....Snickerdoodle please!
4	Feel good tasty comfort food served here.Don't understand the menu?  Just ask for the first timers tasting tour.  From that point, it becomes pretty clear and order away...Me?  A man who loves Chinese and Mexican food, and thinks the hybrid of two is a natural match when you consider that mix has been created many times from leftovers in my fridge?  Sold.I had a 2 meat combo of Emerald Chicken (white chicken breast with a green ginger mix) and Carnitas.  Delicious and a fine mix between the two.My sides were the Cuban black beans (smashed beans, not whole) and white rice.  God, I love that mix.  All I'm missing are plantains.Throw in a soda and my entire meal was under $10.  Straight up, a very good place to eat with king flavor. The only thing I'll say is, they need some music in that place.  It makes it a little dreary, being all quiet.  Then again, it is quiet because the people are busy stuffing their faces.
4	This is one of those places that i think gets a love or hate following, meaning you either love it or hate it and there is little gray area.  For me I really like Chino Bandido.  I think it also depends on your food combination, because you can certainly get a bad food combo.  First timers need to go up to the bar and get their into to Chino's food tasting.  This is a really good idea and you get a little free food.  The service has always been good and the people who work here have always been really helpful to those that are just a little confused.  For me I get the Black Beans (YUMMY) and jerk chicken rice, with Emerald chicken and a jerk chicken quesadilla.   I really like this combo, it has a little spice in the quesadilla the beans and the rice and a wonderful cooling ginger in the emerald chicken that really compliments the rest of the dish.  I have strayed from this combo quite a few times but always come back to it as i think its the best combo i have found.  This is a place that everyone should try.  Its unique and some people will just love the place and some wont.  But do be warned if you do like it, you will every now and then get a little craving and since its the only place that serves this sort of food you will go out of your way to make it there.
4	how can you not love a place who's logo is a panda bear dressed in a sombrero? its completely impossible. the hilarity alone sold me but the mere fact that this place serves two cuisines that i could eat every day for the rest of my life doesn't really hurt either.just to warn you, if you're not prepared you may be overwhelmed by the menu at first. there are a lot of check boxes, a lot of acronyms, a lot of "what the hell did i just tell the woman i wanted to eat?". have no fear, they have pictures for some recommended combinations.  i suggest going with those for first timers. it just makes your life easier and the only question you really have to answer is what kind of rice you want. not so bad. they also give you a goodly sized snickerdoodle cookie to munch on after you've gorged yourself on chinamex food. seriously, is this place trying to make me fat? i know, they didn't hold a gun to my head but i felt obligated to eat the whole thing + cookie. it was my duty =p.
4	Location = FStaff = B+Decor = FFood = A-Overall = CNot street visible, you have to turn into the Walgreen's and drive through the parking lot past the store and turn left when you see the Wide Shoe store. GPS and Mapquest did not provide very accurate directions...The staff was all young but friendly. I was with a few friends who, like myself, had never been there before and another group of people had come in just a minute or so before us. One of the youngins behind the counter was giving us all lessons in ordering and giving us samples of their most popular menu items.The decor was odd. Exposed duct work, cheap collapsible tables. The kind my parents own but keep in the shed until we have a a big party. Menu items typed on sheets of paper, laminated and stapled to the wall...it just seemed so hole in the wall, so...ughThe food was, as my friend called it, "stoner food". I got the pork carnitas quesadilla and the jade chicken with black beans and chicken fried rice.It was all really good! Flavorful, tender.....mmmmmmmmmmmm. My only complaint was that the beans tasted like they had been thrown in the blender instead of hand mashed. No textureI'm looking forward to a return trip. The items I gave F's to are not going to keep me from coming back! I am already planning on what to eat next.Oh and that volcano cookie is out of this world!
4	I first learned about Chino Bandito when the Chandler location just opened. And at that time I was a huge fan. I remembered how much I loved anything in the quesadillas. The cheese and tortillas were a perfect combination with something like sweet and sour pork...who would have thunk it!!!I have in the last few months gone to Chino's 2 times. I have always gotten my fall back the Jade Red Chicken Quesadilla, it is so good! And I have tried their Chile Relleno. Which is so interestingly unique. Who ever came up with the idea of using Chinese Wontons crushed up as the coating of the Chile Relleno deserves an Award! Who doesn't love Chinese Wonton!?!?! Don't forget the Black Beans, which are spicy and combined with the Jerk Fried Rice, YUMO! The best sides to your already unique and fun meal.I think the best part is when people see your food and you tell them Chinese Mexican Food. Their reactions are priceless! This is not healthy food, this is not food to eat regularly, but every once in a while it is a darn good meal!
5	This is one of my all time favorite "hole in the wall" restaurants.  Been going to Chino's since the only one was way up on the west side - and I was coming from Ahwatukee.I have turned many people on to Chino's and all have become lifetime fans (except one person who is a bit "picky").The food is like nothing you can find anywhere else.  It is fantastic.  All served in aluminum to-go containers.  You sit at folding tables on conference chairs, floor is stained concrete, drinks are from styrofoam cups.  This is not 5 star dining, but is AMAZING feel good, happy food.  I have tried everything over the years and my favorites are Jade Red Chicken either plain, in a burrito or in a quesadilla, Emerald Chicken, Chilli Rellano (this is like none you have ever had, crunchy, pick it up and eat it), always-always Caribbean Black Beans and Jerk Fried Rice.Great place for kids, families, friends.  Casual, easy, feels great.  Literally enough food for 2 full meals.  All meals served with a homemade, warm SnickerDoodle cookie (as if you could possibly eat that after the 2-3 pounds in your order).I love this place and would highly recommend it.
5	I have been going to the original location in Phoenix for the past 7 years so I was excited they opened up a location in Chandler. I can't believe some yelpers commented on the decor. This isn't, and never has been, a place you are going to bring your date to and order a bottle of wine at the table. It also isn't a place you are going to ask for the "low fat, low calorie" dish. Chino's is a fast food place with folding tables, no servers, your meal comes in a tin throwaway plate, plastic silverware, and plastic cups. You go for the food, which combines Mexican and Chinese flavors for an incredible taste! It may not sound like it would be good, but it is and it's worth checking out. Good points: The combination of Mexican and Chinese dishes is incredible to say the least! If it is your first time at Chino's, you can ask to sample the dishes for free. I highly recommend this so you won't be surprised on what you order. You always receive a free Snicker doodle (always freshly baked that day) cookie or a Volcano (chocolate fudge cookie on weekends). You can create your own meal with a lot of different dishes rather than just ordering one dish. Bad points: Only a few; the Chandler location is somewhat hard to find if you have never been there. It's tucked back in behind the Walgreens. Not that big of a deal as long as you know where you are going. It can be a bit confusing when ordering (you fill out a small form) but just ask for help when you get there. The dish I always order is the following: Hengrenade Chicken (go with the Pollo Diablo if you are looking for some kick) in a homemade quesadilla, a side of Jade Red Chicken (my favorite and most popular), a side of black beans (they blend the beans with other flavors in a soupy consistency, so don't expect anything different, and these are VERY good.) with Jerk Fried Rice. This is all around $10 with a drink and will fill you up, especially with the free cookie. This is one of my favorite places to eat for a good, gut busting meal. Give the stone Mexican panda in the restaurant a little touch for good luck.
2	Chino Bandito is a very cool idea.  They have a restaurant environment like no other and everyone I know raves about how awesome their food is.  To be honest, I thought their food was very mediocre.  Creativity does not count more than food quality.  Immediately after leaving the restaurant I had a horrible stomach ache.  Then I farted for a good 12 hours in response to the food.  No bueno.  I got the jerk and jade red chicken it wasn't all that people are saying.  Mediocre.  If you want mexican food, go to a mexican restaurant.  if you want chinese food go to a chinese restaurant.  not worth checking out the fusion.
5	Great place.  For the first timer, they let you sample everything on the menu, then teach you how to properly order.  Based off of the taste test, I knew what I wanted and thoroughly enjoyed the tasty fusion experience.  Great food, hope to get out there and visit it again sometime.  Jade Red Chicken is very tasty.
5	We have been here many times, great combination of Chineese and Mexican. The cookies are great and there is something for everyone in our family.
3	Great Idea and cheap prices.  The food was surprisingly good as well, and you get a lot of it.   I would definitely recommend checking out the place if you have never been there.  i do however think that the food quality was lacking a little, and the restaurant was empty.  A little more care in their implementation of the concept and this place could be 5* quality.
3	Being a newbie to Chino Bandido, I got to take advantage of the free samples and lesson on how to order.  I thought everything individually was delicious, but once everything was together on my plate, I wasn't so sure of the mix of flavors.  I ordered a carne asada burrito, teriyaki chicken, fried rice and refried beans.  I ultimately ate the burrito and beans together and then ate the rice and teriyaki together; otherwise, it was opposing flavors overload.  I will definitely return again if I find myself in the neighborhood, but I may just stick with a rice bowl or a combination that doesn't mix so many different flavors.
3	Here's the story, of some Chinese chicken... served with different styles of rice... all of them had different sauces, the lightest one not very Spicy.Here's the story, of beans and burritos... some black beans, others refried. Both of them were very tasty, but also guaranteed to keep you on the pot all night.So, this one day when the chicken met the beans and burritos... they knew that it was much more than a hunch... that this group should somehow join together, and that's the way they all became my greasy lunch.While I was developing this article I tried to categorize Chino Bandido. I went back and forth between Mexican and Chinese over ten times before I just put it under both categories. However, Chino really isn't Chinese, Mexican, or Chinese-Mexican Fusion; it's really its own type of food. Speaking of Fusion, what the hell is that? The only Fusion that comes out of Chino Bandido is the mix of ethnic food in your stomach that will prohibit you from any sort of activity while it's digesting. Anyway, let's get into it.Chino is nothing fancy. It's discreetly hidden behind a Walgreens off the main road. When you walk in you will notice that it is furnished with Costco folding tables and chairs, exposed duct work, concrete floor, and very little decoration on the walls except for an autographed Guy Fieri poster in the back. It's pretty simple. Gentleman, a word to the wise: don't expect to get laid if you bring a lady here on a first date.As usual, I checked out Chino's menu on their website before I left the house. I'm no rocket scientist, but you need a quantum physics degree to figure out their ordering system. However, Chino has attempted to make ordering a bit easier by implementing ordering instructions and a simulator on their website. The staff at Chino's is awesome and will guide you through the ordering process and let you sample everything on the menu first anyway. If you read my previous post on Costco samples, you know that Chino giving samples wins hearts and minds in my book.My first time at Chino I tried the Jade Red Chicken, the BBQ pork in a burrito, refried beans, and Jerk Fried Rice. The Jade red chicken was decent. It was like a General Tso's Chicken on steroids. A fried texture; super spicy and super sweet. The BBQ pork was alright but a little bland. While reading Yelp I remember running across someone's Yelp review that stated he loved the Jade Red Chicken so much that he was pissed off that the BBQ pork had to share the plate with it. Uh yeah, it didn't bother me that much. The Jerk fried rice was pretty good as well... it included jerk chicken and green onions. Chino's gets props for originality, giving you a lot of food, and making it easy to take home the leftovers. Once you slap on the cardboard lid you are all set to take it home and have it for breakfast the next day.The best part about Chino Bandido (and best value) is the bonus they give you; the Snickerdoodle or Chocolate Volcano cookie (baked during weekends).I opted for the Chocolate Volcano cookie and let me just say that thing was damn good. I will admit that the food was probably not enough to bring me back to Chino Bandido that often, but that cookie just might make it happen. And as for fusion, maybe next week I will try some Korean-Ethiopian-Chilean mix. You just never know.
4	I have to admit, I was really schechy about this place because it is a Mexican and Chinese food fusion and I happend to be Chinese.  I also saw this on the food network on Chowdown countdown.  For some reason I wanted to try this place to see how bad it was and for some reason it is not bad at all.  At first when you walk into this place you see a white server and a bunch of hispanics cooking the food and you are like where are the Asians.  But I have to admit the service was really great. The girl served me plenty of samples to try.I had the jade chicken, burrito machato, black beans, chicken fried rice and it was not bad.  They do give you plenty of food for the price, but the ordering is confusing.  I remember the girl was nice enough to fill in the order form for me.  As for the food, it was not greasy at all and did not give me a stomach ache which is a good thing.  Also, I did see an Asian person eat there too.  Oh I loved the cookie as well.  Something that does not go well with Chinese and Mexican food, but okay. Anyways it was not bad and I probably go back and eat there.
3	After seeing this place on Food Network I called my Bro. who lives in Chandler and asked him if he has been here, and of course his answer was yes, so I told him next time I'm in town I want to hit up this place so it was a done deal, the food was just okay I liked what I ordered but it wasn't really a wow factor for me, my Mom on the other hand didn't care for the food at all so she wont be returning. It's cool that you get to sample the food before you order it that way you know whats good and what's not...
1	Sorry Chino Bandido or should I say Chino Bad-Dido....I appreciate the concept - Chinese & Mexican food - I get haha - ha ... er well maybe I don't.  Maybe I'm being too harsh, don't get me wrong, I enjoy fusion dishes, but when you put my fried rice next to my refried beans and call it good; we have problems.  The decor? Well it's a warehouse that has fold-up tables and chairs all around.  What were they manufacturing?  Something they call Chinese-Mexican food, and you just happen to have your mouth open so enjoy!  I give it one star cause I like their mascot Mexican Panda!
4	Love this place! Jerk fried chicken is bomb and I love the Jade red chicken. Such a cool concept and wish there were more around town. So...get on it Chino Bandido!
4	We've loved traveling around the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex trying the spots on Guy Fieri's show Diner's, Drive-In's, and Dives.  So, we used that show as a guide for where to eat on a recent trip to Scottsdale, AZ on vacation.  We were not disappointed.  Granted, we like casual dining.  Especially on vacation.  Shorts, t-shirts, sandals kind of places - but with good food.  We liked Chino Bandido.  It's in a whole-in-the-wall kind of strip mall, and the ambiance is non-existent.  But, we enjoyed our meals and were disappointed that we ran out of vacation before we had stopped at all of Guy's hot spots.  By the way, these aren't low-cal places.  I gained 3 pounds on vacation by eating at Guy's choices.  I've been running laps around the high school in our town taking off the vacation weight.  It reminded me of going on a cruise - nothing to do in Arizona in late June but eat out and hang out by the pool.  But, it was an awesome vacation and I recommend Chino Bandido to anybody who is adventurous.
3	My boyfriend knows that I hate to go out to Mexican food because I'm never satisfied but he dragged me here anyways.The guy at the counter was really helpful.  He asked if it was our first time and let us try everything on the menu first and explained what it was. He kind of made a big deal when I told him that I couldn't have pork and said no thank you to the samples of them. It was really embarrassing for me and unprofessional on his part. The food was good though. I mean hmmm...it was good for chinese mexican food. I'm not sure if I liked it that much but it the idea of chinese mexican just didn't sit well with me. The restaurant itself was nice and the atmosphere was good too. Very laid back. I liked that feeling. Just not my thing I guess. It also gave me a stomachache
5	Wow.  Something everybody should try.  The cookies are great.
2	Chino Bandido, you robbed me of a good lunch!This place came highly recommended by some of my peers before I moved down here. The concept is very cool, but I think the execution just isn't there. The idea of combining Mexican and Chinese foods intrigued me, but when my food arrived, it came in a aluminum to go container, looking like food I hadn't finished from the night before that I reheated. It was also unceremoniously  dropped off in front of us, they seemed it bit unorganized. As for the taste, I give it a big Meh. Not bad, not good. The fried rice wasn't very good, but the gringo chicken was tasty. The carnitas was a bit too shredded, it lacked texture and was similar to ground pork. I might think about giving it another shot,  but my coworkers have deemed this place "Off the list..."
4	They force you into the Million calorie combo.  A rice bowl is not quite enough and by time you add bans its just $..30 more for the big combo.I finally got a chance to come back in here, I did a to go order for lunch. It was made quickly. I still have no idea how to fill out the order sheet, and despite the a sign on the door saying the use that sheet in the kitchen. As usual my food was great as it should be with all of the cheese and fried bits. The hot sauce lacked some of the sweetness that I usually like, the color was even off  bit this time.I was beyond full after this meal, it made me contemplate picking up bulimia.
3	Loved it when I first started going but now it seems to be very salty. I always stick w/ Jerk Quesadilla, Machaca Quesidilla, black re-fried, and CFR . Not sure what happened to me or the restaurant.You will love it on your first trip. I recommend this place in moderation. It is also a fun place to take people from out of town. I also recommend Heart attack bar and grill for outsiders. Shitty food but good decent scenery.
4	The food is an awesome fusion of Mexican and Chinese food. When you get a combo you get a lot of food, enough to share. Ordering can be a but confusing but they are always helpful and they leave you with a complimentary cookie that tastes homemade. I do think it is strange that there is never any music playing in their huge dining area.
3	Let's admit it: this place is neither Chinese nor Mexican.  Not that I have a problem with that.  I just see it as another Panda Express or Baja Fresh - good ole American fast food.  I have been here twice and the food has been good both times.  I have now tried: jade red chicken, emerald chicken, machaca, carnitas, cuban black beans, refried beans, and pork fried rice.  My favorites are the jade red chicken and pork fried rice.  On my second visit, the food was a little salty, but again, this is American fast food.  The snickerdoodle cookie is also a nice touch.  I need to be sure to make it one day for their volcano cookie.  Portions are big enough to have leftovers for another meal.  This is granted that I always pick quesadilla for one of my combo choices.  Service has been good on both visits even though all the workers seem a little young.  They were friendly, helped with the menu, and gave samples for first timers.  I have to admit, $10 for a combo + drink is high for a fast food joint, but somehow, I know I will be going back.  Oh yeah, for $10, they can do better than plastic lawn chairs and tables.
2	A few of my family members really like this place.I'm not really too keen about getting food there again.The food there is heavy.. and when I say heavy, I mean HEAVY.  I'm pretty sure it's that way because it's so damn oily.Don't expect to be productive after you eat there.  My wife brought me lunch from there and afterwards, I felt like I ate an anvil.  That food sat in my belly like a couch potato.It's kind of like Filiberto's.. you take a couple of bites, and then something in your mind clicks and suddenly, you feel the urge to locate the nearest bathroom.
4	aye, aye, aye, chino bandito....mexinese or chinexican what ever you call it, tis muey hao.location tells you that you might get an intestinal parasite but you are probably going to need to lose a few pounds if you eat here often so..mehthe jade red chicken is probably the best thing on the menu next to the jerk chicken, the black beans are pretty divine as well. fried rice is a little dry but you will eat it anyway, because you don't want to anger pancho the panda...(mustache rydes!)oh! free cookies...because you didn't consume enough terrible for you food. you just love consuming don't you? and feeling bad about it after? mmmhmmm...mommy knowsi took off one star because for sweet baby jesus's sake! could you please take down the picture of ghey ferrari? that guy is such a nozzle.
4	Never been to anywhere like this place, one of its kind, Chinese/Mexican? Orange chicken burrito? Nonetheless, I enjoyed the meal here because it was so unique. I loved the black beans, went really well with the jerk rice. DO IT.
3	I do love Chino, however, I am taking off a couple of stars because the last few times I have gone there, the food didnt seem very fresh but was till tasty. I love the pork fried rice (some of the best fried rice Ive ever had, kinda sweet from the BBQ pork in it), the black beans (some of the best black beans Ive ever had) the jade red chicken and the carnita's quesadilla's. The BBQ Sweet pork is pretty good as well. And the snickerdoodles cookies and chocolate volcano cookies are da bomb. A couple dishes I am not impressed with at Chino: The egg foo young, the chili relleno (had crushed saltines on it which I was not keen on), and the gringo chicken (kinda dry and bland). The price is decent although it recently went up. The owners are the nicest people and the staff is always pretty friendly. The decor and ambiance is a little strange with the folding tables, cheap chairs and not much decor on the walls. However, I was told by the owner at one point that they keep it that way so they can keep the food and everything cheaper. They have been improving on this lately with painting the walls and tiling in the crappy little round putting green that was by the backdoor. I still like this place very much. Here is a story to tell you how much I like Chino. One time, I got water from the drink dispenser. I was sitting there stirring it around with my straw when I noticed something. Upon further inspection, it was a dead cricket. Pretty dam gross. I was disgusted that I didnt go back to Chino for about a year. Then I started to miss it. So I went back, just dont get a drink anymore. Haha. I do wish that I could go there again and have the food be fresh and wonderful like it once was. Its still good though and I will still go when I get my occasional chino craving. After all, "eat chino, live forever!"
5	As much as the interior set up of the place resembles the community tables one might find in prison, or so I'm told, the food is fantastic and the shower rape almost never happens, at least during lunch hours.Depending on the crowd, or lack thereof, you might have to fill out a little form with codes for the different dishes. Sure, it sounds like passing messages in a North Vietnamese prison camp, or so I'm told, but the staff will always patiently help you to choose whatever you want, before you are tortured for information on troop movements.The combos are the real treat and the Jade Red Chicken as a quesadilla and the roast pork as a burrito are the best! Yes, it's Chinese food wrapped in quesadillas or burritos and the Snickerdoodle cookie you get with your meal caps it all off better than a dock strike clearing out the scab workers and importing more prostitutes, or so I'm told.I can never eat a whole combo, or so I'm told, so having a second meal makes this a real bargain as well as delicious.
4	My husband took me here the other day and I was amazed!! First, if your a newbie, you get to sample most of their menu items BEFORE you order.The black beans are bursting with flavor and the emerald chicken is a must EAT! You even get a fresh cookie for your sweet tooth and I think this cookie (snickerdoodle) was better than Paradise Bakery! Diners drive ins and dives came here and Guy loved it!! This place is tucked away from the main street, but it's worth finding your way here.. Only con is that it's set up like a school lunch room. I continue to come here for the black beans and chicken. YUM
4	I stopped in for lunch the other day and I really enjoy this place. Dive, yes this is a dive.  Nothing fancy at all. This location is tucked away in a corner and can be a little hard to find.  It's a good sized space with lots of tables.  It's a simple place with a different take on chinese/mexican/carribean food.  I like it.  The portions are generous and it's pretty cheap.  No plates, your food comes in aluminum containers so you can pop a lid on it and take it home if you don't finish.  The menu and how to order can be a little confusing but the folks behind the counter are super helpful and always offer free samples to help you make your decision.  I'd bump it up to 5 starts if it were cleaner.  The tables and floor need to be kept up better.  The soda area is around the corner and I think they tend to forget it because it's usually a bit messy.  If you go in knowing these things you won't be dissappointed.  I'm suddenly craving a jerk chicken quesadilla........
1	We saw the food network show diners, drive ins and dives showcase this place and went there one night for dinner.  It was disgusting.  All 3 of us were very unhappy. Lets just say that now when the host of the show says, "wow, thats tasty" we think it is code for wow that is disgusting!
4	takee outee... how do i love thee?  let me count the ways!  so many options... so much fun.  friendly, and fast service.  no nonsense here.  and that's all we want.  the set up is plain jane, the food and tastes are not.  really a great mixture and very filling.  love the emerald chicken.  love the snickerdoodle and the beans are so yummy.  show up...  eat in....  or take out.  it's all good .  i want some
2	2.5 stars for the novelty of it - the food could have been a lot better.  The carnitas were decent (but dry) and the chicken fried rice was ok, very salty though.  The refried beans tasted like they were out of the can. I liked the chile relleno with the saltine coating, it was pretty good. Emerald chicken was bland. The BBQ pork was tasty and the jerk chicken had some nice spice - but jerk chicken isn't Chinese or Mexican?  I was confused.The restaurant is in a creepy converted warehouse.  I felt like a horn was going to go off signaling the end of my break to go back to work. The guy at the counter was patient in explaining how to order and such, but otherwise they weren't the friendliest at the counter.  The free cookies at the end are pretty good.
5	Hidden away behind a sea of strip malls, this restaurant is a contradiction of itself in a great way. It's Asian and Mexican. It's really fast food, yet everything tastes fresh. The menu board is all pictures and cheap like a 'berto's stand, but the place is big and clean. The tables and chairs are plastic and foldout, but there's a big plasma TV and pictures hanging on the wall. But most important; the food is cheap and fantastic! We walked in and I looked at the big menu board in awe. There more than a dozen items listed, and four ways to have them. The combo is any two items with beans and rice. You can also have them wrap up any item in a burrito. Any item served in a quesadillas. Or a single item rice bowl. My girlfriend told the guy at the register that I had never been there before, and he asked me what I was interested in trying. I couldn't make up my mind, so he brought me samples of three of the more popular items. The jade chicken, the jerk chicken, and carintas. I wouldn't have complained about any of the three. I decided to go with the jerk Chicken and jenred Pork combo. You also get a cookie. I went with a chocolate chip (I'll explain in minute why that was mistake). I highly recommend the Jerk Chicken if you like hot food. The heat hits you a second or two after you take your first bite. As you continue to eat, it keeps getting hotter but never overpowering. The Jenred Pork was on par with any Asian restaurant's sweet and Sour pork. The black beans in the combo are wonderfully sweet, but not too sweet. The only thing I was disappointed with was the cookie. The chocolate chip cookie was over-baked and too sugary. My girlfriend had a snickerdoodle with her meal, which she said was the best snickerdoodle she's ever had. I tried a small piece. As usual, she was right.
4	Boy! I miss this place.  The Emerald Chicken (Quesadilla style) with the jerk fried rice is great!  When I go back to Chandler, I do make a trip back to this place.If you are a novice, it will be different in ordering.  You'll feel like you are taking an exam.  Once you know how to order, it becomes second nature.  Happy Eating!!!!
1	Absolutely awful. I had the #7 & #6 with black beans and pork fried rice. My wife had the Chicken Diablo & the Jerk Chicken with black beans and regular rice. Mom had the Vegetarian Queso with black beans. It started off by my Mother asking "Did anyone else get the black bean?" I said, "Why are they stone cold?" All of our meals were barley warm at all. I don't know what the big deal is about this place. The parking lot was empty, the lighting was atrocious, and they strip mall area disserted. That should have been a sign (turn around and go somewhere else). The only reason that I gave them 1 Star is because I could not select 0 Stars! The Chocolate Cookie that came with the meal was the "HIGHLIGHT" of the night. Super soft, moist, and yummy. Very good cookie. Obviously it was bought/made somewhere else. This is by far the worst meal that I have had in sometime; so long I can't even remember having a meal this bad. The staff was nice and polite. They were somewhat helpful in trying to order. That in itself is a joke if you don't know what to expect.
2	I was not a fan of this location, the service here, or the food. It  just tasted different. Too bad because this one is a lot closer to home.
2	I went to this place after seeing a segment on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives (Food Network).  I thought that the fusion of Chinese & Mexican food would be good.  I was a bit disapointed.  The food was okay, but nothing too special.  The establishment itself was clean and the service was quick, so kudos to them for that.
2	I feel the need to explain my 2-star rating, because I come here with regularity. Every so often I just jones for an emerald chicken quesadilla, smothered in their salsa. The service is hit & miss. There is one particular employee who is awful, the rest are okay - very friendly. But communication is not their strong suit. For example, one day I tried to order a rice bowl WITH a quesadilla. They did not tell me that I can't have a quesadilla with a rice bowl, so I ended up with emerald chicken over rice - no quesadilla. No warning, or I'd have changed my order. They also refused to fix my existing order, they told me I'd have to put in a new order for a quesadilla - no refund on the rice bowl I didn't want. Just today, I put in a to-go order and came home to find they put something... not emerald chicken, I don't know WHAT it is - in my quesadilla. In their defense, they were busy, and I'm sure it's hard to tell what's in a quesadilla. Just disappointing when literally, that is the only reason I go there.Many people seem to love their fried rice - I don't think it's anything special. Likewise with the beans - they are good, not spectacular. I love the jade red chicken and the diablo chicken. The pork tends to be too fatty for my tastes. The cookies are okay. The SALSA is something special (don't miss it - they put it in a big container by the fountain drink dispenser), I love it and if they sold it in jars I'd probably buy it. The good news is that I did find the emerald chicken recipe online http://www.foodieslikeusblog.com/recipes/guy-fieri-dishes-on-tattoos-foodies-and-changing-lives/ (allll the way at the bottom) and I've made it - it really does replicate it well! The bad news is that 80% of the time I'm too lazy to make it myself... so back to Chino Bandido I go.PS - Every so often... they run OUT of chicken. Really, it's the weirdest thing to me. How does a restaurant run out of chicken? But it's happened 3 times to me here. Since I go there for the chicken dishes, I just leave when that happens. PPS - I really hope the Chino staff doesn't see my review and muck with my food next time I go... I need a Yelp alias.
3	Wow, way overrated, but not really a bad place either.. I received so much HYPE about how GREAT this place was, and people went into the Diners Dives n Drive thru's, which for me was a selling point to try. Great concept though, a mix of 3 culture to quench most cravings. I got the Chinese BBQ Pork (Great) and the Jerk Chicken (fair) with the beans n rice... Rice was a tad undercooked, and the Jerk chicken lacked the JERK from other Caribbean food I have tried..
1	oh hell to the naw...I went to this place for the first time because hubby said he saw it on tv the day before and let me tell you, the service or lack was sooooo bad.  We waited about 45 minutes for our food, 45 FREAKIN MINUTES!!!!!!!! and the only reason my hubby didnt complain was because sports center was on.  Now let me get to the food the fried rice is ok and the the red jade chicken was fine also, but nothing I would drive 20 minutes to get to ever again in my life.  But I will give them one star because my better half liked his food a little better than I did.  Oh and let me not forget those free cookies which we got about 8 of probably because they had us waiting so long.  And that would have been all good if they didnt crumble and taste like sand paper in your mouth except for the huge chunks of chocolate chips that my hubby pointed out.
4	I had my first visit there and I was very impressed.  We told the cashier that it was our first time and they were great at letting us try things out and learning how to fill out the ordering ticket.I ended up getting the imperial quesadilla, jerk fried rice, beans and jerk burrito.  My favs were the imperial quesadilla and the beans.  They were delish.  The food is a tad on the greasy side, so just be prepared.  Otherwise my husband and i shared the combo listed above and we still had some to take home.  We'll definitely be back.
3	ah Chino. I have been going here for years, well actually the other location, but same place. This location is really hard to find if you don't know where it is.... it seems like the location is not really great for their business... but I dunno. This place is good in that bad kind of way. The food is greasy, it comes out on paper plates or in tin take out dishes. It pretty much always makes me feel sick after eating there.... but I still eat there because it's just good sometimes. I always get an emerald chicken burrito and machaca quesadilla in a combo with the jerk fried rice. The emerald chicken is good.... all white meat and really oniony. It's one of the more asian-y dishes. The machaca is good too, just standard shredded beef with tomato, garlic, and onion.The BF gets bean and cheese burritos and seems to like them. I think the thing that always brings me back is the free snickerdoodles. They're sooo good....and also they are free which makes them even better. So against my better judgment, I will keep going to Chino Bandito.... Oh, and if you're drunk... this place gets at least one more star.
5	As you may have noticed in my profile, I live in Utah.  The night before I was to take a short business trip to Phoenix a few years ago, I happened to catch a then-new episode of _Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives_ on the television.  In it, Guy featured Chino Bandido.  Right away, I knew I would have to find a way to get there on my trip.  As luck would have it, my hotel was located in Mesa--just north of Chandler.  After bribing a hotel employee to break company rules and drive me outside their ridiculously small "approved" shuttle van travel range, I made it to the restaurant.I know what everybody says: "Chinese Mexican mixed together?  With a little Jamaican added in?  That can't work."  But it does work, quite nicely in fact.  The owners were present and they were just as friendly and helpful as had been portrayed on TV.  When I said it was my first visit, they instantly began offering samples of various menu items to help me make my selection.  They really helped make it a great experience.These were food types I never would have dreamed of combining.  When my meal was finished, I wondered why I hadn't thought of it before.  It seemed like such a natural combination and I absolutely loved it.  I was so happy, I even bought some t-shirts for myself and my wife (who was jealous that she couldn't be here with me).This was great food at a reasonable price in a nice location with plenty of parking.  Whenever I hear of a friend going to Phoenix, I always recommend they stop at Chino Bandido.
4	Great novelty restaurant, as seen on TV!The machaca and jerk chicken were pretty good, but the jerk fried rice had some very hard crunchy bits inside, maybe old fried rice nuggets?The place is pretty big and very quiet on a weeknight. Very kid friendly. In fact, kids get free rice and gravy plus free drinks. A cheapskate delight!The great wall of chino was unforgettable, and the staff very friendly and helpful.
4	I can not remember how I found out about this restaurant but it sounded different and interesting. First of all, good luck finding this restaurant. It is tucked way back off the road (Chandler Blvd). We actually drove right past it once and circled back and found it. The nearest main cross road is Dobson. The restaurant sits back (remember- way back) on the south side of Chandler Blvd. Do yourself a favor, google map it before you head here. Also, park in the back. There is a lot of parking in the back which is actually the east side of the restaurant. We parked in the front  We got here on a Thursday afternoon about 1230pm and it was not busy. There were 3 tables of people. There are a lot of tables, and according to some reviews it gets very busy. Don't get me wrong, I am glad it wasn't busy but it does make you kinda go hmmm when it's lunch time and not many people are at a restaurant. I had reviewed the order system with my friend prior to going to the restaurant so he was prepared for the extraordinary ordering system. Here's my beef with this-there is no way to know where to start or who to turn in your final exam of an order to. Remember it wasn't busy, so maybe the person staring out into space behind the counter could have said something BEFORE we had to ask. It's not like he was busy. I ordered a combo of egg foo yung, jerk fried rice, black beans, and a chile relleno burrito. My friend ordered a combo with a jerk chicken quesadilla, a chinese BBQ pork quesidilla, refried beans and jerk fried rice. We were handed our cups for our drinks and off we went. We had no idea where the drink station was because you can not see it from the order counter. To the left of the order counter, and down a bit is the drink/silverware/napkins/salsa/asian sauce and to-go covers. We took a seat and about 10 minutes later our food was delivered to us. They even deliver a cookie with each order. I don't know if they change the kind of cookie from day to day but that day the cookie was a snickerdoodle. The food is very good. It's kind of cool to be able to order chinese and mexican food at the same place. My egg foo yung is the darkest I've ever seen, but it was good. The chile relleno was heavenly. The jerk fried rice was moist and tasty. The black beans tasted a lot better than they looked. My friend said both of his quesadillas were good as well. He thought the jerk chicken was just a little better than the chinese bbq. I would have given this restaurant only 3 stars due to the lack of customer service.  The good food gets the 4. The food is not overpriced which could almost bring this to a 5 star review. In this economy a place to grab some great food at a very reasonable cost is much appreciated. Our combos were about $7.50 each with the drinks costing $1.50. Pet peeve about the place- the employees constantly went in and out of the kitchen. CONSTANTLY. I don't know where they were going but since we were sitting just to the right of the kitchen we were acutely aware of how many times the door open. It makes me worry about the whole handwashing thing prior to working with food.  Don't go here looking for ambience as there is none. You will sit at tables looking at a parking lot. There is a TV on and we watched some opening day baseball. This is not a first  date night kind of place, but more a hang with your friends kind of place  Chino Bandido is comfortable, and roomy. Groups would easily be seated here. The food is the star! . Remember B is for burrrito, and Q is for quesadila :)
4	As seen on TV, their food is wacky but tasty! Mexican mixed with Chinese, very interesting and a lot of creative food. While this is not a gourmet restaurant, it is worth a try.Their Chandler location is hard to find, behind Walgreen and you can barely see it from the main streets.
4	Saw this place on a couple of Food Network shows and it sounded good so we headed on down to try it out.  Mexican/Chinese combo plates....Im listening!We walked in and were greeted by a nice lady who asked if we had ever been here before.  We told her no and she had a guy take us over to the "sample station".  They give you about 5 different samples of stuff and then show you how to fill out the little card to place your order.I decided to go with a combo of a jerk chicken quesadilla, jade red chicken and pork fried rice.  My wife went with a plain bean and cheese burrito, and a veggie quesadilla.  You place your order and then grab your drink and sit down and wait for them to bring your food out to your table.  About 15 minutes later our food came out.  It was awesome!  The jerk chicken quesadilla was bomb!  Its pretty spicy and had a great overall flavor.  The jade red chicken is their specialty and it lived up to the hype.  A couple pieces could have been a bit more moist, but it was really good overall.  Excellent fried rice too.  My wife said her burrito was good, kind of average, just pinto beans and cheese wrapped up.  I took a couple bites of her veggie quesadilla and it was alright.  It had what looked like some nacho cheese in it, where as my jerk chicken quesadilla had shredded cheeses in it.  Good none the less.  The grand finale was a free cookie they bring out.  It was a snickerdoodle type cookie and it had lots of sugar on it and was still a bit warm from the oven.  A perfect end to an awesome meal.Total damage for everything was $19.00 and change.  The staff was super nice and helpful and if I lived here, I would have this in my regular rotation of places to eat.
1	Saw the Guy Fieri's show. went to chandler location. worst food I ever had. barely warm greasy fried chicken, jerk chicken tough and greasy. shredded beef was so over salted I gagged! presentation looked like a plate of garbage. We sent back the teriyaki chicken as it was undercooked! rice was under-seasoned ,cold and oily. nothing tasted fresh..shame on them.
3	I went to this place with some friends after seeing it on Diners Drive Ins and Dives expecting something AMAZING.  While it wasn't awful, it wasn't quite as good as Guy Fieri made it sound. I ordered the Carnitas Quesedilla and the Jade Red Chicken combo served with jerk rice and black beans. (Way too much food for one, but I wanted to taste a few different items.) The cuban black beans were by far the best thing on the plate, nicely seasoned and a creamy texture.I'd recommend not getting the Jade Red Chicken.  Its one of the top sellers but the crispy chicken pieces lose their crispness when dunked in the sauce and the flavor is mild when combined with the jerk rice and cuban black beans.  If you like sweet and mild, slightly soggy fried chicken pieces, then its for you. If I went back I'd probably stick with the carnitas or other non-fried food.
3	This place is a little strange but it was good. I was sort of not sure what to expect at all and when the people behind the counter found out it was my first visit there, they let me taste a whole bunch of stuff. I really liked that idea since it gave me a good idea of their flavors and their heat (since they said some dishes were spicy...eh, not so much). I wound up ordering the jerk chicken with black beans and the jerk chicken fried rice. The jerk chicken had great flavor (I added their hot sauce to it which made it even better -- it's by the soda machine) and the jerk chicken fried rice wasn't skimping on the chicken. The black beans were probably my favourite part. They are just a little sweet and just a little spicy. They were excellent. I think next time I will try one of the cheese crisps or just get a tortilla to sop up the beans. The portions are huge; I got a small bowl and it was two meals, easy! Overall, I would come back.
4	Mexican and Chinese Fusion? Strange, but awesomely delicious! I wouldn't consider this joint a "cheap eats" though. It's about $8.50 a plate.I ordered 7Q + 10 with JFRTranslation:Jade Red Chicken in a Quesadilla + Emerald Chicken with Jerk Fried Rice.Super delicious! I especially enjoyed the quesadilla. The emerald chicken is a mock off a traditional Chinese dish (Tzong Yoh Jee: Green Onion and Oil Chicken). I've definitely had better chicken, but for an American joint, I give it 4 stars for trying. The jerk fried rice is a must try, I absolutely loved it! It has a spicy punch that really hits the spot (the perfect amount of spiciness!)I didn't sample their items because I was in a rush, but I think it is super awesome that the staff are super friendly and offer samples to their patrons.I will definitely come again! :)
3	Though I like the concept and the funny panda mascot, I'm not sure what to think of this place.  The customer service was outstanding... we got a detailed menu explanation and samples when we arrived (because we'd never been there before and they weren't too busy) but the space itself lacked any appeal.  The food was... good enough.  My Jerk Chicken Quesadilla was goodish and the Carnitas tastes like Hawaiian kalua pork, which was ok, just not what I was expecting, I guess.It was all just ok.  Maybe it's just because we went on a rainy, dreary day and there were only 2 other tables there.  The empty atmosphere and 'good enough' food drained me, I think.  I felt like I was in an abandoned mess hall that served things I wasn't in the mood for.  My friend really liked it but, I probably wouldn't go back unless other friends really wanted me to meet them there.  Because of our difference of opinions, I'll bump my 2.5 stars up to 3.Prolly won't see ya there.
1	Somethings are just wrong. Imagine a college kids fridge with left over Chinese and some tortillas. I love Chinese, I love Mexican. Cheese and General Tso chicken. Ick.
2	see this picture posted by another yelper: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-D0uS-tgmhkFpHKBXvPQA?select=nEEtzmZrXXFr-egtbVSF6AThat's the size portion I'm used to from Chino Bandido.  What we got last week was about 3/4 of that.  My husband and I have been ordering the combo of jerk chicken, jade red chicken, chicken fried rice and black beans ever since this location opened in Chandler. And have always been satisfied.   I was so shocked at the portion that I asked the employees what happened.  Their explanation is that they "have not downsized the portions, because the portions were being over-sized incorrectly before.   So, now the portions are the right size."  And looking through the other yelper photos, i see one from '08 that looks similar to (but still more than) the portions size we got last weekend.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/l-D0uS-tgmhkFpHKBXvPQA?select=kGQgU8IelC8DABJQSdIYoQ  So, oK, well, I can understand what the employee was talking about, but, it still is rather disappointing.   Considering that we've ordered the combo more times than I can count, and have never had the "mini/correct" portion-size ever before until last weekend. They also used to give my daughter a small cup of rice with a little bit of plain chicken.  this time, when I asked for a little kiddie cup, they gave me the same size cup, but it was empty...The one thing they give generously still are those big huge sugar cookies.  Unfortunately, we can only ever finish half of those.  I'd rather get a free cup of rice for my daughter, than three big sugar cookies.  If ever we go back, i'll ask if they'll do that for me.  But, we're not likely to come back again even though we like the food, it's just not affordable for our family anymore.  One combo wouldn't even satisfy me as it is now.  For my husband and I, I'd say if we ordered three combo meals, that would be filling.
5	OMG! Great food and great concept! I would have never found it if a friend didn't tell me about it.  The red chicken quesadilla and the cheese relleno were to die for! I also noticed the poster on the wall from Diners, Drive-ins,and Dives autographed.  He said he would eat there 3 times a week if he lived here! Oh, and you even get a snickerdoodle cookie with your order .:)
3	Yummy food and large portions but very greasy/heavy.  Family friendly and with special cookie selections on weekends.  Worth checking out if not the kind of place you go weekly.
2	I feel that I was misled by the high rating of this establishment. I was very disappointed, and rarely say such a thing.... I hate to be the one to do it, but other Yelpers need to know what they are getting into with this place.The concept sounds great on paper, and I'm certain that it could work well if executed properly, but they have a great deal of culinary improvements to make before they will get any approval from me.The employees who explained the menu were very friendly people, but the quality of the food, was completely lacking in my opinion.The majority of the chicken dishes seem to consist of breaded, deep fried, chicked bites, each with a different choice of sauce, and then served over rice which is cooked in a choice of styles or sauces. It is similar to the orange Chicken at Panda Express, but extremely dry and very low quality.We ordered three diffferent types of their employee recommended chicken and rice dishes, and they all tasted very similar for obvious reasons, but most of the chicken was too dry to eat. It was by no means a satisfying meal.The mexican side, we had a couple of different tostadas, and i remember one of them being ok, but was nothing special. The quesadillas that we ordered were terrible as well.  I can't remember the last time that we threw away our food at a restaurant, but we left very unsatisfied and ended up happier, eating nachos at the Horse Track..lolI can see this as being a fun gimmick for little kids who like the idea and have no guage of quality food, but for it being a must try for a Yelper, I give it a two thumbs down. It looks like a school cafeteria in the seating area.I would be willing to give this place another shot if they step up the quality of their food. I do like the concept and would love to see this concept done right.Cheers and best wishes!
4	One of my favorite weekend lunches when I want to stuff myself for under 10 bucks. I usually get jade red (fried orange chicken with spice) and machaca (shredded beef with spices) or the pollo diablo (not batterred but lightly fried chicken with spices) all the fried rices are about the same the jerk chicken and jerk rice use black pepper as oppossed to chili for the spice. You get a nice doughy cookie as well for about 8.50
1	I waited 45min and ended up with a tiny gross little serving of tortilla with vegetable scraps thrown in it, served in a aluminum take-out box. The tables are folding tables, like the kind you play beer pong on. And they have pictures of kids and babies on the walls and signs asking people to send in pictures of their kids for the walls too, which has nothing to do with Asian/Mexican cuisine, it creeped me out.
3	The concept of Mexican & Asian fusion is intriguing, but I feel that there is something lacking here.  I rarely come here, but since my car was getting serviced next door, this was a handy lunch location.  As usual, the service was excellent.  My officemate and I had just walked in when a lady behind the counter called out to us for samples.  She had an excellent attitude and had us sample all the items.  Usually the sample person just asks what you're interested in.  They even deliver your food to your table.  On the plus side, they have a lot of choices and combinations in generous portions.  The downside, though, is that the food's just a bit better than OK.  It's a bit greasy and the ordering system still confuses me.  I still can't quite put my finger on what's lacking here, but perhaps it's all the empty space? The layout of the tables allow a lot of wasted space.  They probably could put in more tables and there still would be plenty of room for everyone dining.
4	Big portions.  Jade Red Chicken taste like Orange Chicken with a kick.  Jerk Fried Rice was a little dry.  The black beans was really good.
4	There are 2 loves in my life and they are Chinese food and Mexican food. To think they fused both into one delicious delight makes me believe they built this place in honor of me.It's a great little fast food place with pretty good portions. The menu itself is a little confusing. There is too many acronyms and too much writing involved. I just wanna eat! Their signature dish is the jade chicken which is kinda like a Mexican style orange chicken. Pretty good i would have to say. The Jerk Chicken packs a punch with its kick of spiciness. The rice served with it is a little dry and it's no bueno to eat dry food and spicy food together, but still delicious overall.If they had one of these in LA i would go all the time. Great food, great prices, great portions. Fast food at its best.
3	Yet again we come to another restaurant i have been to multiple times but have not reviewed until now. But i have had tried a good number of the meats on the menu to give you some insight if you have never been there or you have not tried something in particular.First thing, I have never had any problem with the customer service at this location thank god= 1 star.Food:Carnitas- The only thing on the menu i would get multiple times next to the jade red chicken(spicier version of like a sweet and sour chicken but better flavor!) Now for the carnitas its got such awesome flavors i mean not mind blowing OH MY GOD flavors where you make those stupid rachel ray moments where you can not help it but good enough to where you can order it multiple times because its not boring or bland.I cannot stress to you how much i hate the rest of some of the chickens on the menu like the teriyaki chicken or the emerald(my friend LOVES this one. I HATE IT i try to like it on plenty occasions like today and since they use this sliced chicken that are like flat strips or thicker strips of deli chicken you get from frys, with some okay sauce that had so much potential it fails to catch me every time no matter how i eat it, in a quesadilla, burrito, plain, you name it. JUST DISAPPOINTING!)The jerk chicken is good for those who love REALLY SPICY kicks!The henegrade or whatever is below it but i didn't care for that either.i needed something closer to the jerk but not that intense. I can eat the jerk chicken fried rice but not extra jerk chicken.The combo plates come with two types of meat however you want it plain, quesadilla, or burrito. Fried rice is extra, white rice is included unless you pay extra. Beans you get either re fried or the spicy cuban black beans. I just get extra jerk chicken fried rice in my combo plate.The hot sauce/salsa whatever is now pre packaged for you near the fountain soda machine so you don't make a mess pouring it into cups.My other favorite item on the menu that comes with your combo plate is a cookie weekdays is snicker doodle which are AMAZING but on weekends is the volcano cookie which is like a brownie cookie which is my personal favorite!!! minus the powdered sugar that falls all over the place so eat with caution or a napkin below your mouth so don't look like an idiot. the food gets a star and the cookie gets its own star. I don't want to rate them any higher than a 3 because i don't love chino that much to call myself a fan.  Why i continue to go here is to change it up once in awhile every couple months to get my boyfriend the carnitas and jade red chicken. I love their cookies more than their meats but i wont come here just for cookies. Because the price i pay for their combo plates i don't find it worth that 8 dollars and something cents.
2	I used to love this place. We ate here twice a week... The last two times we went, it was horrible. My jade red quesadilla had less than four piece of chicken in it, my machaca quesadilla was missing cheese, and our fried rice consisted of chunks of white rice smothered in soy sauce... Not just a lot... It was soup like! We were so dissapointed, and since it was takeout, we could not get it replaced easily (are were at home already).Used to be five stars to us... now just a huge let down.
5	Today was the fist time I have been to Chino Bandito. My friend has been there several times and loves this place. After having a few beers, we were pretty hungry and decited to go here. This place is mixed in a sort of industrial corner behind a Walgreens and a transmission shop. Walking in you will notice how big this place is inside. Customer service was excellent. The counter person was great in explaining the different options on the menu which is a mix of Mexican food and Chinese food. Great concept for something different. For ten dollars I had the Carnitas burrito and a Jerk chicken burrito with Jerk fried rice and black beans and a large iced tea (all you can drink). It also comes with a Snikerdoodle cookie. Wait time was minimal and the food was brought very quickly to our table. I really enjoyed the items that I had order and I found the carnitas had the right flavor and tenderness in a burrito (you can also get it in a bowl). The Jerk chicken burrito had some zing to it. Enough to make me sweat a little. One thing that I noticed was that the employee's were really good about keeping the place clean. Sweeping, cleaning the tables, wiping up around the drink dispensers. I also noticed that they wrap all of the highchair trays in plastic to keep the clean and dust free.One last thing, they have free wifi!
2	I was pretty interested when I went here with my co-workers.  The concept was definitely cool and the food looked good in the pictures.  I ordered the Hengrenade Chicken w/ rice and got a drink.  When I went to get the fountain drink, I pushed the ice dispenser in and a dead cockroach fell out into my cup.  I dumped the cup out and made sure it was a roach (and it was pretty big).  I told a lady at the front what happened and that the cockroach is still there.  She was like "Oh sorry, they just sprayed".  Great, so did they spray RAID on the ice or something?My wife is a chef and I'm pretty sure when someone reports a violation you're supposed to do something about it, at least empty the god damn ice dispenser.  I wasn't really quiet about it either, other customers heard me say it and came up and asked me about it.  She gave me a new cup and I got ice from the other dispenser.  A few minutes later, I saw a cook come over and use a napkin to remove the dead roach from the fountain drink tray and put it into the garbage.I got the food and it was ok.  The lady who brought us the food (not the lady I reported the problem too) was super nice and funny.  I think the roach thing ruined it for me though.  The food wasn't anywhere close to perfect, but it wasn't bad either.  The cookie was REALLY good though
4	This review is long overdue as I visited Chino Bandido back in July, but I will preface it with this: I am still dreaming about the black beans consumed here. And to still be fantasizing about falling face first into a plate of these beans really just baffles me. And makes me sad that I don't live closer.The ordering process was confusing, but the friend I went with knew the system and would have been able to make it happen. However, it was a little slow when we went in and the cashier not only took our order, she let me sample anything I wanted to try after my friend told her it was our first time eating there. They get one star alone for that! I ended up with a jerk chicken quesadilla which was the perfect combination of cheese, spice and crisp tortilla. I will analyze the crap out of a quesadilla because it's one of my four child-like food groups and this was the Rolls Royce of quesadillas. It wasn't overly greasy as quesadillas tend to be (you can't avoid it...I mean essentially it's just melted fat), the cheese was melted perfectly and the jerk chicken brought the heat without sacrificing flavor. I think I got some kind of chicken (jade chicken?) as well which I remember being good, but not as good as the black beans. Oh the beans.  Did you know that magic beans aren't just a key proponent to a much-loved children's story? They are also on the menu at Chino Bandido and served in almost gargantuan portions. They're kind of sweet, savory and the texture is so smooth, almost like a bean dip. It's sprinkled with cheese and can honestly be eaten as a meal itself (which I'm totally tempted to do next time). I didn't finish the rest of my food, but did use my tortilla scraps to scrape up every bit of that glorious bean concoction!The portions are overwhelming to say the least, so I think you get what you pay for plus some. I was so full after that I was ready to petition for a nap room in the restaurant and was really glad I wasn't the one driving afterwards! The service was great and they have a pretty huge space, so if you do find yourself needing to lay across 3 chairs after eating you might have that option if the restaurant is slow. Chino Bandido is great for reasonably priced, hearty eats that will make your tastebuds happy and possibly induce a Rip Van Winkle-like nap!
4	Close your eyes. Now imagine a dish that's equal parts Chinese and Mexican with a bit of Caribbean jerk thrown in...got it? Probably not, because these flavors seem like they would be the craziest of combinations. Well, over at Chino Bandido they have done just that, and very successfully might I add. This is not a first visit review- I have been stopping into Chino's for lunches for about four years now so this is more of a collective critique. Even though the menu consists of pictures and explanations it can still be a little daunting to a first timer so don't be afraid to let the cashier know that you are on your maiden voyage, they will walk you through the basics and even have you taste a few things so you don't get in over your head spice-wise. Aside from a variety of items on the menu, anything can be served "as is", as a burrito, or quesadilla and they come with your choice of beans (Jamaican style black or chorro) and rice (chicken, pork, jerk or white) so needless to say the combinations are endless. Touching on all items would make for way longer of a review than anyone would ever read so I'll just hit a few of my fav's. First off is the Jade red chicken- this is the house favorite and one of mine as well, think Mexican version of sweet and sour chicken but better. Jerk chicken- now beware, this flavorful version packs a deceiving punch but its worth it if you're a jerk fan. The emerald chicken is a surprisingly fresh green onion and ginger dish that seems to be on the lighter side of the mostly dense menu. There are also the chicken or pork carnitas which always seem to be extremely juicy and work great in a quesadilla or solo. No desert necessary every dish comes with a fresh made snickerdoodle. The staff is always as friendly as can be and I'm not sure you can find a larger portion for your buck. For the freshest go during prime lunch or dinner hours as I've found they sometimes let items sit a bit through the off peak.
4	How couldl you not love this place?  It is awesome!  Now is it fancy or healthy or super nice elegant...no!  But it is not supose to be...it is suppose to be a casual place with awesomely delicious comfort Chinese and Mexican food!  This food will add to your waste line so if you do not want to do that then I would keep this place on your guilty pleasure list!  I wish I could eat whatever I want all the time but I cannot!  My favorite is the red jade chicken in a quesadilla with black beans and jerk chicken fried rice!  UMMMMMMM...can you say yummy???  I have been here several times and everytime its still greasy and good!  I introduced this place to my coworkers and they love it too!  I get the same thing everytime because its that good!!!  Trust me you will be in some heaven when you try it!   Plus you get a cookie with each combo!  The snickerdoodle one is great!
3	OK so I am on vacation in AZ and my mom told me she saw this place on the food network and said we had to try it, we are staying in Chandler so I figured hey why not.  The place is pretty cool it fuses Mexican/asian food ( they do have jerk chicken which is considered Jamaican I suppose) anyhow the food was alright it was all pretty basic to me the Jerk chicken was really spicy it definitely needed something... the Terryaki (sp?) chicken was really good but i have tasted it before nothing special ... my sister and mom had the chili reyano over steamed rice they said it was pretty good... I gave it 3 stars because the staff there is freaking awesome the girl who took my order was really helpful because they have you fill out a card and put numbers and letters...it's really weird... but anyways the staff is great and friendly the food is OK nothing special but the price is AMAZING if you are looking for good food for cheap this would be for you because for 5 adults and two children it only came up to $40 and that is really good!!  I probably won't ever go there again but there you have it... 1 1/2 stars for the food .... i wanted to love it but eehh I've definitely had better.
4	I love this place the only problem is that the last few times I have gone there the service was a little less than what I am used to.  The cook and the cashier were arguing over my order and I was hoping it wouldn't get taken out on my food!!!! I would definitely eat here again.  Recommend the emerald chicken, black beans, chicken fried rice, and jerk chicken quesadilla
3	Overrated.  The concept is great, it's the execution that is lacking.  Jerk chicken was nowhere near spicy enough, jade chicken was too sweet.  I want to like this place, but it didn't really do it for me.
4	Every time I go to Phoenix, I stop at this place. Like everyone else, I first learned about Chino Bandido thanks to Guy Fieri. But spoiled by wonderfully flavorful ethnic food that I was brought up with, I am hard to please. In fact, I think some of my yelp reviews might have angered the restaurant owners for not giving them the same raving reviews they expect (or wish for). But this is a place for us to be honest, and view the food scene with a critical eye.I am Chinese, but I think so many fake Chinese restaurants have butchered the food and dump in tons of sugar, batter, and mystery oil to increase the appeal. So I was naturally skeptical when I walked in this place right before closing with my Mexican-food-loving fiance. He said the Mexican-Chinese combo could be the answer to our food love affair.And man, this love affair is going to be long! I think Chino Bandido is really clever. It does several things really well. Their carnitas: divine. Their beans: heavenly smooth. Their jerk fried rice: I have never seen this combination but it works. Their emerald chicken: I get it every time. Their jade red chicken: the other person gets it every time. The snickerdoodle/volcano: some of the best desserts I've ever had in a restaurant-and they are free.During my countless times there, I found there was sometimes inconsistency of quality in the chicken dishes. Sometimes the chicken was fresh, but other times it could be quite old, dried up, and left a funny after-taste in the mouth.Regardless, I think it is a fun place with a character. With less then 10 bucks, I can happily stuff my face and then look forward to heating up the left-over for my next meal. I even asked for Chino Bandido's catering menu, hoping I can have them cater my wedding. Too bad I live in Tucson!Frankly, I don't have too high a standard when it comes to dining out. But unfortunately, so many restaurants have failed my standard miserably. Chino Bandido is an unlikely place for my liking. It sits unassumingly in the corner, and boasts no specular interior design. It has no seasonal specials, and does not give out groupon promotions. But something there works for me and keeps bringing me back. It takes care of its food, really well.
4	Chino Bandido was kind of an off-the-wall suggestion I received when I was inquiring to some locals on where to eat in the general Phoenix area.  But when I went to the website and saw the horribly ironic image of a giant panda wearing a bullet belt and sombrero, I knew that this was a place that I had to go to.GPS led me on a path that would require traversing over a giant wall to get to Chino Bandido, but I eventually found the actual entrance in an actual parking lot nearby.  Upon arriving, my first thought was "wow, this place has A LOT of space."  Seriously, very open restaurant.Anyway, the cashiers were helpful to a tourist like me fill out my order, and I guess I ordered jerk chicken with rice, because that's what I ended up getting.  Now I consider myself to have a very high threshold for spicy foods, but Chino Bandido's jerk chicken was ridiculous.  After the first few bites, my mouth was literally burning up.  It was good, but man, was the heat it made unexpected.Not to go unnoticed, but the sugar cookie that came with the meal was really, really good too.Conclusively, friendly young staff, quick service, and amusing albeit a little on the tasteless side of decor, and I'm glad I made a trip down to Chandler to try this place out.  I made sure to get a shirt too, because I'm into tasteless t-shirts like that.
5	I ate here for the first time today.  The guy at the counter asked me if it was my first time there, and when I explained that it was, he took me to the side and let me sample 6 items off of the menu.  He also explained how to order (which allows you to pick from 14 different meats and gives you the option of eatting them over rice, in a burrito, or in a quesadilla--all for the same cost). You also have the choice between black beans and refried beans.  And you have the choice of 4 different types of fried rice. Finally the combos come with a free cookie. I ordered a combo with a carnitas burrito, red jade chicken over jerk fried rice, refried beans, and an oatmeal cookie.  The red jade chicken really stands out here, and there is no question why it is the most popular item on the menu.  The caritas were good as well as the rice.  The beans were okay but nothing spectacular.  Finally, the oatmeal cookie was surprising delicious.While I've had better food, this place definitely gives you a bang for your buck (my entire meal with a drink was about 10 dollars).  The employees were also very nice.  While this was my first visit, it will not be my last.
5	I was turned on to Chino Bandido through a friend who lives near the Chandler location. When he said it was Mexican/Chinese fusion, I was initially taken aback. The concept just didn't sound appealing at all. He assured me the food was great. He was right and Chinos is always on the list of places to eat when I am in the Phoenix area. I hadn't seen the Triple D episode so I had no idea what to expect. What amazes me is how diverse the menu is. So many meat, bean and rice choices, along with how you want the meat served. By itself, in a burrito or a quesadilla. The Pollo Diablo is my favorite, the only thing I would do to change it would be to make it spicier but I am probably the exception there. The Jerk Chicken is really good too. All the difference rice choices are excellent as are the beans. The snickerdoodle cookie is a nice touch. The ordering process is pretty easy once the counter people have explained it, and the offering of samples makes it easy to decide if you've never been there. The dining room is nothing fancy, just long communal benches, but it makes finding a seat easier during busy periods. Food comes out pretty quick too.
1	This place made our whole group sick.
4	I don't know why there aren't more Chinese-Mexican fusion places, maybe because the name conjures up some frightening images.  Vanquish those scary thoughts because this place is great!  My persona favorite is their Emerald Chicken Quesadilla.  And how can you go wrong when you get a snicker doodle cookies with your food?Steer clear if you're looking for anything even slightly resembling "authentic" Chinese or Mexican, but if that's what you were expecting from a place called "Chino Bandito" with a Bandito Panda chowing down with a pair of chopsticks you shouldn't be allowed to choose where you eat anyway.
2	Staff was very friendly. They walked us through the menu and let us sample a few items before ordering. Order came out with Cuban black beans instead of the refried beans we ordered. They were ok but did not like the sweetness of them. Food was ok. Not bad. But not amazing either. The green sauce on the emerald chicken was good on its own but overpowered everything else on the plate. All I could taste and smell was the ginger. And I love ginger. The concept of ordering everything individually for a combo is nice, but once everything is piled on top of itself it is overwhelming. The snickerdoodle at the end was yummy though. It was worth a try but not sure I will be back.
4	VERY interesting idea!  and a deliciously good idea too!Favorites: Emerald chicken quesadilla and Jerk fried rice.The place isn't spectacular to look at and you grab your own utensils and bus your own table.  But they do have funny photos on the wall that look photo-shopped to show a Mexican person with a Chinese person.  I kind of want to ask about that next time.
5	LOVE the food!  They also have a Glendale, AZ location (original).  Great blend of chinese and mexican food.  Unique idea!  You can mix n match almost anything....from the rice to veggies/meats to what it's served in (i.e. bowl, quesadilla, burrito, etc).
4	I love Chino's for the laid back good fast food it is. It isn't a place you go for impressions but to get good food, lots of it at a decent price. The food has always been good when I have been there and on Sat and Sun you get a free cookie with your meal, nice yummy fresh baked cookies!I generally go for the Jade Red Chicken, Jerk Chicken and double Jerk Fried rice, a nice spicy meal for sure! They offer free tastes of their more popular items so you can make a good decision before ordering. Ordering is super easy, grab a paper and a pen and just fill in the blanks, and heck if you screw it up, no worries they always make sure you get the right stuff.
4	Chino Bandido was featured on Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives. Probably one of the most interesting menu's that you will find. Chino Bandido's menu consists of Mexican, Chinese, and Caribbean choices and allows you to mix and match cuisine items. After seeing the Jade Red Chicken featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, I decided to go with it. I kept it simple and ordered a bowl of the Jade Red Chicken with white rice. The Jade Red sauce was very good and is the main reason that I rate Chino Bandido as above average. It had a sweet and slightly spicy flavor and is different then any sauce that I've ever tasted.The service was fast enough, and some-what friendly and the prices were ok.The tasty Jade Red sauce along with a very unique experience gives Chino Bandido and above average rating of four stars.
5	This place is is fun. It features two of my favorite foods on 1 plate, At first I thought it was a crazy idea but said hey let's give it a try. They let you sample everything on the menu before you order. I liked that. i did not like how you order your food. A bit confusing but so worth it in the end! I ordered the jade red chicken with pork fried rice and a side jade red chicken quesadilla....wow. So delicious! The service was pretty good as well. I have been back many times with my boyfriend. The only complaint is their location. It is very hard to find, but when you do I promise it's worth it!
4	best chinese style bbq pork I have ever tried rice is awesome
1	Waited 35 mins for partly wrong order, red jade chicken was over cooked. Had a full restaurant of waiting people. Somethings going wrong in that kitchen. Equivalent to fast food except for the wait. Should've went to original in PHX.
2	Peeps of Yelp - We saw the review of Chino  Bandito on Check Please AZ, and were intrigued. Chinese and Mexican - My two favorite cuisines.  I gotta go to this place - STAT!  I persuaded the spousal unit to join me on the 18 mile trek (36 round trip).First off - The menu -  You need a tutorial to understand the ordering procedure - confusing and very off putting.The highly touted black beans were strange tasting.  The carnitas were either not carnitas or like no carnitas I've ever experienced - with shredded  veggies in it?  Really? - very meh.  Pork fried Rice was good.  Egg Foo Yung was good.  Net - Net:  Been There - Done That.  Going back?  Highly doubtful.
5	This isn't fine dining by any stretch, but if you're looking for a really satisfying inexpensive meal, you can't go wrong with Chino Bandido. The menu can seem a bit daunting for first timers, let the cashier know if you haven't been there before. The people are always friendly and they'll give you lots of samples. My favorite menu items are the Jerk Fried Rice and the Jade Red Chicken.
4	If they tried to design a more complicated ordering process they would fail. I say just put up a big "wheel of fortune" and customers can just give it a spin. Personally I think the reason they keep it is so they can interact with customers as they patiently explain how to order. Something they all seem to do well.On my first visit I was with a big party. My order was lost or someone else claimed it. Whatever, I drank another beer and left hungry. The second visit was successful. The key is not to think too much when ordering.I had the gringo and jerk chicken. The meat, beans and rice were really fresh.  There is a lot of flavor here. You can get a meal and a drink for around $10 and that makes this place a winner.  Plus they give you a cookie too. Not a fortune cookie a real cookie.
5	My taste buds are still recovering after my experience eating here. I'm angry at myself for not checking this place out sooner. Now that I have, you bet I'll be dragging my friends out here to try it. First off, if it's your first time, they give you samples of pretty much everything. I think this is awesome, especially if you haven't tried anything there before.The jerk chicken immediately was my favorite. The chicken was moist and it was spiced perfectly. The jade red chicken was also delicious as well.You can make a combo with your choice of two meats (alone, in a burrito, or in a quesadilla), rice, and beans for like $9. The portions are huge and you definitely won't leave hungry.I got the chicken fried rice, black beans, jerk chicken in a quesadilla, and the jade red chicken alone. I couldn't finish much of the rice and beans because I was so full from the delicious chicken. I'm salivating just thinking about it.The location is in a weird spot. If you don't know what you are looking for, it can be really easy to miss.I highly recommend checking this place out. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
1	Lets just say my coworker and I did not do good the rest of the day after eating here....
5	I love Chino Bandido for several reasons.  The black beans are strange, but tasty.  The chinese bbq pork and emerald chicken never fail to please me.  Who couldn't love the amazing snickerdoodles? (My favorite cookie, by the way, and they do it justice!)  When I am feeling a bit indecisive, this is the ideal place.  Plus, the staff are super nice and are willing to explain anything or set you up with a sample to try new things.  Definitely a favorite of mine.
4	Heard about this place on Diners, Driveins & Dives.   They featured the Phoenix [NW Corner 19th & Greenway] location.   First time there.   Mxiican/Asian Fusion, the mix works.     The hardest part is what to order.   They have 14 different items including 4 kinds of fried rice [jerk, chicken, plain and pork fried rice].    Tried Jade Red Chicken; its a hit.    Black beans very good and their Skinkerdoodles are great.    All in All a good first time experience.    I will return.     Recommend your try it; I think you will enjoy the fusion of chinese and mexican.    A good combination.   The price for a drink and the combination $10.
1	I've always been a of food adventures, but the food here is just plain awful.  Orange chicken type dishes should NOT EVER be made into quesadillas.
2	After many times of going here (and then later regretting it due to the surge of burping that goes on and on for the rest of the day), I still don't get it...I don't get their special ordering process..I don't get the whole Mexican/Asian food mixture 'coolness'..I don't get that nasty cookie that leaves a layer of lard on the roof of my mouth..I just don't get what others see in it...Their dishes are decent but there's always something too strong in any one of them that makes them hell for my body to digest (hence the never ending burps).... their black beans are too sweet.. Jade Chicken is too spicy.. Machaca is too salty or overly seasoned... Let's just say I've tried many combinations (yes only because my coworkers seem to find this place highly enjoyable and I go along for the team-spirit.. pfffff... yah) to find something that doesn't have such an effect on me and I'm still not sold.  I do have to say their staff has always been nice and friendly... sadly, that doesn't trump taste in this case.Their ordering process is a huge PITA - I usually just tell the girl the 2 or 3 things I want and don't even bother 'learning' their whole 'ordering process' -{cough}stupid{cough}.  Also the layout there is oddddd.... lots of empty space and foldable plastic Rubbermaid tables and chairs makes it seem very 'thrown together'.Sorry, but I'm just not a fan.
5	It's been a little while since I've been here, but I just recommended my brother head over today for lunch on a business trip and it reminded me of how good this place is.  I've read through the reviews below, and I get that not every place is for everybody, there will always be haters and complainers, but complaining that a place makes you burp?  Or saying Orange Chicken doesn't belong in a Quesadilla?!?!?   One, take a Zantac before you go eat if you're worried about burps.  Frankly, I like burping and in some cultures, I would argue ours even, burping is a sign of satisfaction after a meal!  next, if you don't want orange chicken in a quesadilla?  Don't order it?!?!  Pretty easy fix, if you ask me.Anyway, the food here is SO good, I love it, I go every time I'm in Chandler!  The fun mix of Chinese and Mexican makes for interesting and delicious mixtures.  If you want something safe, go with the Chile relleno quesadilla - freakin amazing, IF you're not avers to a little spice and/or lactose intolerant as the amount of cheese on this thing is borderline obscene (in a good way).  The Jade Red Chicke in delish, the fried rice is amazing, honestly I haven't had a bad thing at this place.Bottom line, ignore the few haters and go in with a little bit of adventure.  Pay attention when they take you through the choices and ENJOY it. It's delish.  Totally 5 stars.
4	A sort of mystery I've heard about but had never experienced, my boyfriend proposed that we go here with his parents a few nights ago. It's tucked in the pack of a shopping center, and we were surprised at how big it is inside. The ladies behind the counter were very nice, and after learning we had never been there before, we got to taste 6 of their most popular menu items. After tasting them, I decided on a combo with regular refried beans, plain fried rice, jade red chicken, and a jerk chicken quesadilla. We took a seat at one of the GIANT tables they have and patiently waited before our food was brought out to us. Once our food came out, we quickly dug in. I really liked the flavor of the jade red chicken, and I didn't want to taint it by putting it in a burrito or quesadilla, but it stands up just on its' own. Being Jamaican, I liked the jerk chicken, it could have been more flavorful but jerk chicken isn't Chinese or Mexican so I won't fault them there. It made a pretty tasty quesadilla though. Something about the rice and beans didn't rock my world, it has a sweet aftertaste which I'm not really a fan of. Maybe it was just the batch? Anyways, I could barely finish half of it, and saved the rest for later. The cookie was a nice treat. I'll definitely be back and will recommend this place to others.
2	I was in Chino Bandido on Sunday at around 1PM.  I've eaten there before and knew what to expect from the food and atmosphere.  I was sadly disappointed this time around.It took 30 minutes for my order of a combo and a burrito to be brought out.  They were busy, but not THAT busy.  It seemed for a good 10 minutes nothing was being brought out and then 1 by 1 items were coming out every 3-5 minutes.  How long does it take to plate up food which is already prepared?The restaurant was a disaster too.  There was food all over the the empty tables, food on the ground, trash left everywhere.  One of the tables had a completely spilled drink on it.  The utensil area was demolished.  There was trash and spilled drinks all over it.  There was no forks to be found anywhere, I had to go ask for one at the front.  There was a sauce container that spilled in the box with with the other sauces and it was a big gooey mess!  The entire hour I was in the restaurant, I didn't see anyone cleaning up or restocking the utensil area.Finally, the food.  After 30 minutes of waiting, they brought out the food.  The food was tepid warm at best, not hot.  Like it had been sitting for awhile.  I had egg foo yong, it looked like jelled brown snot sitting on the patty, nothing very appetizing about it all.  The, patty itself was pretty tasty as was my chicken dish I had too.Hello Manager!!  Wake up, I don't care if you got busy, my dining experience shouldn't suffer because there are customers in your store.  There's a lot of other places in Chandler I can spend $15 at for lunch.This isn't the same place Guy Fieri reviewed on his show.  I classify this as a DIRTY DIVE!!!  Clean it up and figure out how to handle a rush better.  It'll be awhile for me to come back, if I do at all!
3	Chini bandido.....good food in a hidden place in one of the strip malls...jade chicken was good and the bkack beans were very good...almost cuban style. The carnitas burrito....well it is sorry behind excuse for a burrito and it wasn't that good. Comes in aluminum bowl and plastic utensils.....i guess to save on washing dishes. The place has sort of escuela cafeteria experience to it. However, the staff is friendly and they even give you samples.  I expect more out of this place....they should do dim sum Mexican or something...now that would be interesting.
4	Not sure if you want Chinese or Mexican food? This place solves that problem. Love the Emerald Chicken and the jerk fried rice. The place is set up cafeteria-style - long tables and sit where you want. You can also get a sampling of many of their items and they explain what they are and how their ordering system works. It's not complicated, but it's helpful to know.
2	Ate at the one in Chandler...meh!Food was ok, but nothing special. Not sure what all the hype is about.I liked the cookie though.
3	Gave this place 1 more try... Previous i was bundled into a takeout work order with coworkers and the food seemed mehhhh chinese places should make sure their rice is perfect... I tried the Chili Relleno and Jade Chicken W, Chicken Fried Rice. - dont like any kind of beans so got those wrapped to go,Wife had Machaca n ???? pork fried rice and saladFood was average, nothing off the hook, but the mix of the cultures made for a good eat.. Seriously dont know how Guy Fieri came across this place,, definitely not a place to go out of your way to try.We will maybe stop by every 3 months or so..
4	this place was pretty tasty. had no idea the chandler location had been around for 6-7 years. as a first timer, i was allowed to try samples just like other reviewers said. the cashier also helped me to fill out the order form. Emerald chicken, Red June chicken, and the jerk chicken were deee-lish. if you're curious, give this place a try. you will be rewarded with a delicious snickerdoodle that comes with your meal =)
4	Asian-Mexican fusion??? We HAD to check it out.You pick your style, meat, rice and extras.  The actual food was pretty good, it just takes a while to get used to the ordering concept and the menu.The restaurant itself resembles a large, cold conference building. It was pretty stark and really open. Perhaps they need all the space for lunch rush, but definitely not on a typical Friday night.
5	Imagine a Parade of Pleasure for your Taste Buds. That's what you get here. Amazing food at a reasonable price, plus you get a free Snicker Doodle Cookie!
5	Totally awesome! Seriously, you gotta try this place. You don't HAVE to mix things, but it is definitely encouraged: Jade and red chicken with jerk fried rice is like sticking your toes in the water. Don't forget your cookie for dessert (or later!).Once you fall in love with this place and want to try something different, order an egg foo yung quesadilla.
4	So I've been going to this Chino Bandido place off andon for a number of years. Great concept - Chinese/Mexican(Con)fusion without any pretense. At the original locationby the horsey races they give Chino Bandido virgins thewhole flavor sample deal - you almost get a full meal justtrying all the different possible fillings. So in thisChandler location I didn't notice that whole ritual. Itis more of just figure out what you want and fill out the ordersheet.    The order sheet seems to trip up a lot of folks.It ain't rocket science or quantum finance, folks. Don'teven look at the sheet. Figure out what you want to eatfirst and then look at the sheet (see photo) and figure out how to express that.   It's easy. You get 14 items to choose from: Carnitas, ChileRelleno, Chinese BBQ Pork, Egg Foo Yung, Gringo Chicken, HengrenadeChicken, Jade Red Chicken, Jen Red Pork, Jerk Chicken, EmeraldChicken, Teriyaki Chicken, Veggie Salad, Pollo Diablo, and Machaca.Got all that? Now you can choose to get this as a rice bowl, combination, Quesadilla, or Burrito.    For the rice bowl, you just choose one item with steamed rice oroptional beans as well. You can also add fried rice for 75 cents.   For the combo, you can choose two different items (it says 1-20 but I think they meant 14) and circle either BLK for Black or REF for refried beans. Then you also choose what type of fried rice you want. JFR for Jerk Fried Rice, CFR for Chicken Fried Rice, PKFR for pork fried rice, and PLFR for plain fried rice. This is pretty much the full-on big plate. You can also get the items in either a burrito or a quesadilla by specifying a Q or B. This way you get a burrito orquesadilla in addition to your fried rice and beans.    You can also get items as Quesadillas. You can mix more than oneitem together if you're daring. Same with the burritos.    You can also order the rice and beans as a separate side if you didn't get the rice bowl or combo and wanted it anyway. You can getit as a pint or quart as well if you want to take some home.   Finally, the cookies. You get a free cookie anyway but if one ain'tenough they have a space for you to order half a dozen or a dozen.   Drinks - pretty much self explanatory. I like this place. I don't needan endorsement by Guy Fieri to justify my liking this place. This is an occasional lunch outing with co-workers when the mood strikes. LatelyI've just been getting Quesadillas and Burritos and skipping the wholerice and beans thing. I don't need to fall asleep in any meetings thankyou. :) One thing about this location - even though you don't need higher education to fill out the order form you might still need a sextant, compass, telescope, and charts to find the place. The Googlemap makes it look like it is right on Chandler but it's deep southeast into the mall. Lots of parking but not necessarily right next to theplace during the lunch rush.
3	The Red Jade Chicken and Pork Quesadilla were good but the Pork Fried Rice was forgettable. Cookies were OK, but what do you want for free? Counter person was quick to offer help in how to order and a free sample if meat.
3	I've been to this Chino Bandido's about 4 times and each time is a different experience. The food so far for me has swayed from great to just ok, because of this inconsistency I am giving it 3 stars. The cookie is awesome though every time.
4	I'd seen this place on tv a while ago and was curious.  I mean seriously.   Mexican / Chinese fusion?!  Well, it sounds whonky and a bit weird.  In function, it is REALLY good.  My first time there was a little daunting.  They were kind enough to let me try a few samples before I dove in since I was a Chino Bandido virgin.  I chose the combo, venturing to try the Emerald Jade Chicken quesadilla and a Jade Red Chicken burrito with refried beans and the plain fried rice.  The Jade Red Chicken was sweet and sour with a bit of kick in a tortilla much like you might get with a moo goo gai pan at places.  It was amazing.  The quesadilla was very nice.  The ginger/green onion sauce was very tasty though there was a bit much on the oil in that sauce.  Otherwise, with the rice and beans, it was delicious.  The staff was very nice from start to end.  The gal who helped me with the samples also took my order and dropped the food off.  Not sure if that is normal, but it was awesome.  She was very sweet and very helpful.  (Hopefully I am not out of line by mentioning she was quite cute too.) I am not sure how much of a regular I'll be, but for an occasional treat and a Sino-Mexican fix, I'll be back for more!
5	Deliciousssss!!! And I don't even like Chinese food! But their combination of Chinese and Mexican is awesome!
2	When we lived in the boonies, we used to eat at the original Chinos in North Phx. Now we live in Chandler so naturally we gravitated toward the location closest to us. The food has always been good, but the counter service...well...that's the reason my rating is only a 2 out of 5.The rocket scientists they hire to take a simple order need to be administered IQ tests. I ask you, how hard is it to hand a piece of paper to the person who cooks the food? Somehow, this task is far more difficult then I realized. Instead of handing the order to the cooks, our order was placed in the "DONE" pile. So naturally, after nearly 30 minutes of waiting, we inquired about our meal. No apology, no remorse - just an "oh". Wow, and you want my repeat business? I think not.Eat at Chino, just make the long journey to the location in North Phx. They have their act together at that store.
2	I would have given this place one star, but the free cookie deserved an extra star.  The snickerdoodles are chewy and delicious.  As for the rest of the food, it was not worth the money or the calories.  We saw this place on an old episode of DDD and decided it was time we try it.  They make it look A LOT better on tv than it is in real life.  Two couples walked in after us and they both received food ten minutes before we received ours.  I guess a quesadilla takes ten minutes to cook??  Try other DDD places, NOT this one.
4	The Emerald Chicken is a flavorless bust.  Everything else  is very, very good (i.e., black beans, red jade chicken, jerk chicken, carnitas).  I like the new space and the bring it to your table service.  The only drawback is that if I go here for lunch, a food coma is sure to occur.
4	I really like this crazy mashup of a place. When I first heard of crossing Chinese food and Mexican I was a bit skeptical. In end the food actually comes out really good I'm huge fan of machaca and the red Jade chicken both of which a flavor packed, I had the spicy diablo chicken the other day which has heat and flavor. It's fun to try different mashups with burritos and quesadilla's and the different ingredients. So far I think the Diablo Chicken and Machaca in a quesadilla are the best and a red jade burrito is the way to go. You can always ask to try something before you order and the staff is happy to help you figure all the choices out.I always get the black beans and jerk fried chicken since those are amazing the rice is probably the most flavorful rice I have had.The combo deal is a great value too as it is a lot of food for a single sitting but works well for a meal and a snack especially if you do what i do and get 1 entree plain and the other in a burrito or quesadilla. Plus they give you a good cinnamon sugar cookie with everything.This location is also much bigger than the phoenix one and seems like you get in and out faster but it is hard to find. If you are there and looking for it it's tucked back behind some trees sort of hidden from the rest of the shopping center.If you like mexican and Chinese or trying sort of off the wall mixing of the two this place is for you.
5	I moved from the west valley to the FAR east valley about a year ago. This would have been a sad, sad time for me... saying goodbye to the west valley Chino that I have grown to love and adore. But after I tried this location, I knew life would go on.   Everything I eat here, I love. This place is just awesome and fun and you must try the jerk fried rice!
5	This is one of my all time favorite places to go! Who would have thought that mixing Mexican and Chinese food would be a good idea? Definitely not me... at least until you try it!My usual order: Jade red chicken, cheese quesadilla, black beans and chicken fried rice... and top it off with their snickerdoodle!The ordering scheme is a little odd at first, but the workers behind the counter are always willing to help. And if you've never been before, they're always willing to let you try anything first. So yummy and definitely worth the drive to get there!
4	Good combos. Still getting used to the Chinese/Mexican combination. Good stuff.
4	I had lunch here today. We brought two newbies, so they got to experience the taste test. I like how they do that. The place is spacious and relatively clean. Food compares to the other Chino Bandido up on Greenway. I like it.
4	FL4VR XPL0D.!!!!1!!!! I've been to Chino Bandido several times, but it's been close to 3 years since my last trip... The last few times I had been there were rather unremarkable, but Chino got hur groove back it seems. The portions were huge, the flavors were super intense, and the cheese was served by the pound. Having gone with my mom, dad, and neighbors, it seems that junk food loving guys, like myself, prefer Chino Bandido... it's fried, cheesy, gooey, and greasy... which I adore, but that's not for everyone. The Pork Fried Rice could be the best fried rice I've ever had,... All sorts of yum for less than $10 per person, and it's served with a snickerdoodle after! woooo!
1	If you want bland, boring, tasteless food, head over to the Chino BLANDido, where you can feast on "Chinese" BBQ Pork and jerk fried rice that is as exciting as watching paint dry. All things considered I'd rather eat paint. No doubt it would have more flavor...
5	Amazing.  Totally lived up to its billing.  Such a great menu, fantastic combo of flavors and cuisines.  Decor is divey as it should be.  Food quality and taste were 10/10.Get the jerk chicken.
5	Pauli from ATL checking in here.... just for a bit of nostalgia...I used to live in Phoenix a few years back, and of all the places I miss eating at, this is #1 on my list.  I remember how I first heard of the place.... I was over at a friend's house in Scottsdale having a few beers after work, and remember asking him what his favorite Mexican restaurant in Phoenix was.  My friend, who had more than just a few beers in him, stared at me all glassy-eyed, got right in my face and said... "Cheeeeno Banddddeeedo!!"  As I backed up a bit, thinking my friend had too much to drink (he had, for sure), I wondered... hmmm...the Chinese Bandit?  What the hell is that place about?!?  Or is he just f***ing with me?  So, I asked him what kind of food they serve there... And, as he did his best to focus on me, when his eyes hit mine, there was this long pause.... and he had this expression on his face that I can't forget... I wasn't sure if he was having trouble putting it into words or if he was sh***ing in his pants.   And then he put his hands together, like a nutjob working a Rubik's cube.... and said, "They... dooo... things... like.... egg-foooo youngggg burrritos and jaaaade red chicken tacossssss...."..... as he gave me another crazy-ass look (the kind that tells you it's time to say goodnight and get outta there - which I did)....So, a few days later, I remembered his drunken explanation of Chino Bandido and thought I would go check the place out.... And from that point on, I was hooked.   Egg foo young burritos indeed!   And jerk fried rice!   And those refried black beans with fire-in-the-bungholio sauce mixed in.... Yep, those will burn you twice... All served in a giant disposable aluminum baking dish... And you got that combo, along with a soda and tip for about $10!!!   WOW!!  At that time, I had never seen anything like it before, and I still miss eating there more than any of my favorite old haunts in Phoenix.... I wish somebody would franchise one out to Atlanta - I would be the first customer in the door on opening day, guaranteed....
1	The ONLY thing worth the calories was the Snickerdoodle cookie!Ordered the machaca beef in a quesadilla (very salty and not very flavorful)Jerk fried rice (it was cold and bland)Chile Rellano (filled with Cheddar cheese--seriously! and coated in what looked like ritz crackers, no sauce topping)My parents ordered the egg foo young and didn't receive the gravy on top, they had to ask for it and when they received it, it looked more like snot (it was clear and not very gravy like).I was pretty disappointed to find out Guy Fieri from Diners Drive In's and Dives gave this place two thumbs up. I have also dined at Joe's Farm Grill that he also visited and will not suggest that place to anyone either. I'm starting to wonder about that show...
5	Bomb!!!!!
4	Always a huge fan!!!
5	I'm sure there are a lot of lovely people who've eaten at Chino Bandido before, but some of them evidently don't know what awesome tastes like.  Because it tastes like Chino Bandido.  First off, turns out anything in a quesadilla is better than anything outside of a quesadilla.  Spicy stuff, sweet stuff, it doesn't matter.  It's better with cheese.  Second, black refried beans.  Are you kidding me?  And third, why aren't I eating jerk fried rice right now?  Sob.  If you're on a diet, stop right now.  Head over to Chino and get your grub on.
1	I'm sorry. If you've never had good chinese or mexican food you'd never know the difference. The food leaned to the very salty and not well prepared. Reminded my a lot Panda Express. The problem with fusion places is like this is they try to do everything and frankly dont do anything well.
1	One word to sum this place up: YUCK!My husband and I recently moved to Chandler and this place was referred to us by a friend.  When I first entered the place, I noticed the lack of ambiance.  The plastic tables and chairs did not help.  If you are new to Chino Bandido, they have you try several samples of their food, which was a nice touch on a so far lack-luster impression.  I decided on the Jade Red Chicken.  I was served my order but I wanted to wait for my husband to be served his before digging in.  We waited about 15 minutes and his order never came out so he went up to the counter to ask about it.  Apparently they forgot to put his order in.  By the time his order came out, mine was cold.  I took a bite from my chicken, and was confused so I inspected the piece further.  It was dark and did not taste like chicken. I tried a few more pieces and discovered the same thing.  I brought my order up to the counter and had the staff verify that it was chicken.  I'm still not convinced it was chicken.  To make the experience worse, I noticed one of the workers taking a few bites from a customer's order before bringing it out to them.  They were still chewing the food when they served the customer. Gross!
3	Chino Bandido...   Hmmm.I went to C.B. first because it had a quirky name.  I was expecting chinese food.  When I got to Chino Bandido, I encountered an anomaly.  What I thought was a hole in the wall chinese take out joint was something way weirder.  Firstly, this location (Chandler) sits WAY back from whatever road the address is, and its behind a day care center and a Walgreens (or tire shop???, something...)  Secondly it is a cavernous restraunt with plastic patio furniture to dine upon. (I don't need a silver spoon but...  Wha???) Thirdly, they have this weird ass schematic to order from, like, we had to have the nice gal at the counter explain the combos/options/sides over and over. Then theres the food, asian fusion (or puerto rican styled mexican food over fried rice).  Nothing terrible, nothing exciting either.  I had the relleno and a pork dish that were okay, the whole time I sat an ate I was so perplexed at the above mentioned stuff that all I did was chew and look at my weird surroundings.  I did notice that they've won a bunch of best of Phx awards fron the New Times, that's cool.  I guess thats cool if all you know is "regular" mexican food or "regular" chinese food.Then, I noticed a poster of Guy Fieri, signed by the douche himself.  This place was on DDD!  I never caught the episode featuring C.B. but I'm sure I didn't miss anything special.   Chino Bandido...  Silly name, weird place, okay food.  Oh, and nice people.
4	yum! So unique!
5	Jade chicken, jerk fried rice... need I say more? If you can get passed the "complicated" way of ordering, then you will fall in love with this place. I don't even want to ruin it for you, just go here and try it out.
3	I think the Asian-Mexican fusion is mind-blowing.  Who would have thought you'd get a jade chicken quesadilla?  Sometimes the flavors can be kind of bland, but the Snickerdoodle cookies are to die for. I can't even describe it, you just have to go get one.
5	You gonna check out the Chino "flavor town," pork burrito is "dynamite," the combo platter is seriously THE "bad boy," and the cookies -- "oh my!" This place is everything Guy Fieri said it is and more. My favorite comfort food in Phoenix.
5	Chinese and mexican together?! Yes please! This place is really great and I can't believe tonight was my first time trying it!! Location is a little hidden but once you pass Dobson, it's clearly visible (turn right after Circle K). Restaurant is really large and staff was really friendly. Since it was my first time in, they let me sample a few of their menu items. I thought that was really cool! I ended up ordering the jade chicken (similar to sweet and sour), gringo chicken in a quesadilla with chicken fried rice and refried beans. We ordered to go and waited about 10-15 minutes for our food. When we got home, I was excited to try all the food! Quesadilla was amazing...jade chicken great, beans good and rice was OK. I LOVE that they give you a warm snicker doodle too! Cookie was really good and the perfect way to end the meal. Overall, this place is great and will return soon!
1	I really don't care for this place, at all, and was dragged here twice by a friend who loved it.The whole restaurant is large and empty with no decor. It's like an enlarged tin shed. The menu is confusing. The girl working talks to you like you're stupid if you don't get or like how the menu works. She couldn't fathom that I just wanted my food plain. "Are you sure? You get it in a taco or a burrito if you want!"  But chica,I DON'T want. I am here against my will and I just want normal Chinese or Jamaican food, not some weird bastard child they had with a Mexican.The whole concept to me is like what I do when I have random leftovers in my fridge and tortillas; make burritos out of the leftovers. It's not something I would pay for. Maybe that's personal, but I find jerk chicken does not go in a tortilla well.The food is either bland or so hot you can't taste anything else. The second time, it made me extremely sick in my nether regions for the whole afternoon. Never again.
4	Tried this place out on a recommendation from one of my husband's coworkers. It's a nice, open restaurant that feels pretty comfortable. The tables seem overly large for the space, and it feels kind of ridiculous to sit down as just a 2-person party at a table that can seat 8 or 10.The staff was very nice. When they found out it was our first time, they led us over to an area of the counter where we could try their more popular dishes, and explained their ordering system. I didn't find ordering difficult at all. The food came quickly, accompanied by snickerdoodle cookies (yum!) and I thought the price was great. Had enough left over of my emerald chicken for a delicious lunch the next day.
4	When I'm traveling I like to see if any restaurants near where I'm staying have been featured on any food shows. Its a good way to find unique and original places. Saw that this place had been on diners drive-ins and dives, so decided to check it out.The first thing I liked about here was how open the place was, there's no shortage on space here. The menu takes a little figuring out, and the girl working the counter had about as much personality and cheer as a wet blanket so she wasn't really any help. We ordered a two different meat options and it came with fried rice and beans. We both got the jade chicken and pollo diablo, and fried rice and beans. The food was good, definitely better than I expected. The pollo diablo delivered on heat, and the jade chicken had good flavor both were crispy and not overly greasy.Wouldn't have thought putting Mexican and Chinese together but Chino Bandidos makes it work. We will be coming back next time were in Phoenix.
4	LOVE the food here. This is coming from someone who found his perfect personalized combo (jade red chicken burrito, bbq pork quesadilla) and usually orders the same thing every time. Although, I've noticed a strange pattern, whenever I end up taking a first timer here: if they end up ordering anything other than what I recommend, they usually have anywhere from a mediocre reaction to flat-out hating their meal. Emerald Chicken, ordered alone, has consistently been rated to me as tasting like "cat food." Then they taste my burrito or quesadilla and say "That's amazing! I should've ordered that!" I do think this place needs some kind of a makeover. The Phoenix location, while feeling a little run-down, at least has some personality to it and feels welcoming. Also, something has to be done about the ordering system. Sure, it's not rocket science, but it's gotta tell you something when every new customer that walks through the door looks completely dumbfounded. Despite these criticisms, I do recommend trying it out. I mean, come on! Mexican/Chinese fusion! How often do you see that around?
5	If you are interested in highly seasoned, unique, flavorful food, this is THE PLACE. I live in california, and every time my husband and I visit phoenix we have to stop in a couple times before we leave. My favorite place to eat hands down. You DO have to know what your getting yourself into though. It is FUSION, that means... KINDA WIERD on the first try stuff. Try to have an open mind.
1	Absolutely terrible...the worst of both worlds.  In fact I'm looking at my package of peanut butter crackers and thinking that would have been more satisfying.  Had the chili relleno, the chili inside was not even prepared properly because it was hard and stringy, then they stuffed it with processed american cheese and coated it with a flavorless breading.I also had the chinese pork...blah.  Chicken fried rice...blak and cold.  refired beans and cheese...cold.If you like cheap bad food go here!
1	This is nothing close to Mexican food, I ordered a burrito that was grease and nasty.
5	Alright, I want to take the next few moments to get on a heart-to-heart connection level with you. I love to travel, and have been to many continents and establishments the world over, and still....Chino Bandito is like nothing I have ever experienced before.**Disclaimer: This is not Mexican food; This is not Chinese food. Upon first entering the Chandler Chino Bandito (or China Bandit), one will be greeted by a (seated) giant stone Panda bear that is sporting a mustache and a giant sombrero. It weighs a little over a few tons, and had to be brought in on rollers. I know right?!Chino Bandito offers a fusion of Chinese and Mexican food combinations that will intially make you scratch your head, but leave anticipating your next visit. For first time visitors they will allow you taste testers of their different rices, beans, and meats so that you can make your choice of burritos, quesadillas, or rice bowls. My personal favorite is a two item combo with their Jen Red Quesadilla, Jerk Fried Rice, and special spicy black beans.The fun thing is that you can choose what type of meats (asian or mexican flavored..don't worry, they have many) you would like to have in your burrito/quesadilla. My suggestion would be to get something that doesn't look like it would work well together (i.e. A teriyaki burrito, or an orange {Jen Red} chicken quesadilla). You'll be glad you did.I can't say this about many things, but I give Chino Bandito a 5/5 easy.I am only sad I don' live closer.
4	excellent food, good customer care, but they need to cleanup the ambience to make more family restaurant.
4	I saw this restaurant on triple D and I love it!  Kudos on the Emerald Chicken and Jade Red Chicken.  Mexican - Asian fusion combines two of my favorite cuisines and its budget friendly.  It doesn't get any better than this :)
4	Well my first time on the new chino on the east side! First impressions was its cleaner, bigger, and a lot less people so ordering was simple.  Hds my favorite, jade chicken in a quesadilla . The. Red jerk chicken plain with jerked fried rice. Awesome as usual, but seemed a little too greasy for me...I've been to the original Chino several times and never that greasy so I'm taking it that it was just the cook. I still gave it 4 stars..I have the original as 5!..but I'll come back here again to see if the greasiness went down. Overall a good east side restaurant. Too bad there isn't one by the Arrowhead area...but then again I'm spoiled! The original location on 19th will always hold my best reviews!
5	This place is the bee's knees
5	I have been a regular here.. excellent food, took a few attempts to get used with the order form. If you get the right combinations, its very unlikely to go wrong. 9Q & 7,   W, BLK    is my standard... :)
3	We tried this place out after seeing it on Yelp and it was close to our house. The restaurant was really spacious and clean. We ordered a Jade Red chicken rice bowl and a combination plate with Jerk fried rice, black beans Machaca quesadilla and Emerald chicken. The Machaca quesadilla was tasty & crispy. Also the Jade Red chicken was good. However we didn't care to much for the Jerk fried rice, beans and the Emerald chicken. Overall the food was ok and your food comes out fast.
4	You can try almost anything before ordering... Great when you're here for the first time and not sure what you might like.
3	Visited 7/31/13. I have been to the original in Phoenix and was much more impressed with the food. On this visit, we were there about 5:00 p.m. on a Wednesday night.  There were only a few other people present. The food was not very fresh.  It seemed like it may have been sitting in warmers for a while. The fried rice was dry.  The black beans not very fresh. The meat was dry. I also had a relleno.  It was more crust and cheese then chili.I am still a fan. And will try this location again when it is busy. Maybe during lunch or weekend time to see if the food is fresher.Three stars this time only because of the memory I have of the my first visit to the original in Phoenix.
4	I've been here a few times for lunch. It is an odd fusion of experiences, both the food and the storefront, but the staff is friendly, and the food is good.
2	I will not lie the food I have tried from here super yummy... but paying 7 to 10 bucks for a meal .. I WANT A MEAL... not a kids meal...
5	THEY GIVE YOU THE BEST SNICKERDOODLE COOKIES WITH EVERY ORDER!!! SOLD! But seriously, their jade red chicken is awesome. It's the only thing I ever get because I'm just hooked! It's a little crunchy, a little spicy, a little sweet, kinda salty, always tender and has such unique flavor. Whether in a quesadilla (try it seriously, it's great) or just over rice, this stuff never disappoints. The snicker doodles they make IN-HOUSE could rival that of a bakery and they come with every entree!! Can't beat it! The price is nice for a reasonable amount of food so you never leave hungry or poor. They also carry a great fountain drink that is green tea and peach. Never see it around any where else. It's an awesome compliment to the jade red (just saying').Love chino! If you want to take someone to a truly unique dining experience that is very causal and affordable, this is the place. If you like tasty food adventures, go to Chino!
4	Really wasn't to sure about this place when I first heard of it, however I gave it a try. This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant. Very big space for large groups, big screen on the wall with sports playing. Now lets get to the food, it's a mixture of Asian an Mexican. I always end up getting the same thing jade chicken black beans an jerk chicken rice. Maybe one day I will venture out an try other things, then again maybe not.
4	Loved the Cuban black beans and the Jerk Chicken with Jerk Chicken Rice.  Everything tasted fresh, had great spice and the customer service was over the top good...  I'll be back for more.
2	Quick, call Guy Fieri!  You've lost your mojo!Had lunch there this noon.  Jerk chicken, egg foo young, chicken fried rice and refried beans.  The chicken was tasteless (I've been to Jamaica, so I know what it tastes like), and the egg foo young was warmed over with package gravy.  The fried rice was bland and the refried beans came from those big cans a Costco.  The portions used to be pretty good sized, but they've cut back on that too.  That and a drink was $10, way more than it should have cost.  Big, no, HUGE disappointment from the past.Bottom line: bland, small portions, over priced.Unless I hear that the location was taken over by aliens today, I won't be back.
4	Love the food!Cannot think of a more fun lunch.Combo of the day:Jen red pork quesadilla, pollo diablo burrito double jerk fried riceLeave the beans for home
2	I have been a regular customer at the Phoenix location for many years. My mom introduced my family to this restaurant  over 10 years ago I personally have always loved the food and always thought it was the best combination of my two favorite foods.Let me start off by saying this place is so hard to find! I went in the evening an it's located in a business park with only one sign and the front of the restaurant is not well lit so forget about patio dining.With that being said I tried this location since I recently moved to the east valley. I ordered my usual carnitas quesadilla, jade red chicken, chicken fried rice and refried beans. Let just start off to say the beans were canned and none of the food was hot maybe a little warm. I was not impressed with the jade red chicken it didn't taste like what I remember it wasn't even red, it was more like a sad version of pandas orange chicken.  The quesadilla had very little cheese and some carnitas which tasted good but was dry from the lack of cheese. Overall the whole meal was a disappointment mostly because I'm so use to the Phoenix location and the quality of food is not the same at all! I will continue to go to the Phoenix location but will never go back the this one.
2	I know a lot of people really love this place but....I just don't get the hype.The food is ok - I should say the meat they give you is tasty but they give you so little and 3/4 of it is the rice.  Come on!  If you are going to charge me almost $10 can you spare a bit more meat??   The jerk rice was plain tasting.  I had to add hot sauce to get a kick and the teryaki chicken was....Terrible.  I mean I could have had better at Panda and I HATE Panda!I just can't see myself going back there for black beans, ok rice and a tablespoon of meat.
4	One of my wifes favorites.  I liked the chioce of Mexican and Chinese.  If you have a chance check it out.
3	3.75 stars Great place for a quick un-healthy lunch. I ordered the Jerk Chicken, Red Chicken and Jerk Fried Rice with veggies -The jerk chicken and fried rice were great, but the red chicken and veggies can be forgotten. Red chicken was mostly fried breading than actual chicken and the veggies were a couple pieces of raw broccoli, tomatoes, iceberg lettuce and onions.Husband got the carnitas and jerk chicken with rice and beans. Both his meat selections were fantastic. The beans are addicting! They are more of a bean puree but the flavor is exceptional. To top off a pretty decent meal you get a delicious cookie (snickerdoodle for me) which makes the trip to Chino Bandido even more worth it.
3	This place was pretty good! My husband and I got a take out order and were very happy with it. That was probably one of the best chili rellenos I've had. I was disappointed with the veggie salad, however, as it was mostly just lettuce. The black beans were pretty spicy and salty, so plan on having something to mix them with like rice or an extra tortilla. I probably wouldn't dine in if I could help it, the dining room isn't very comfy, (free wifi while you wait for your order is nice, though) but I will definitely be getting more take out! Oh, and: a snickerdoodle with every order! A good one, too!
2	Overrated.   Plus they are so full of it that they don't think they need a sign on Chandler Avenue.  And because if no sign I forget its tucked away in the corner.    Anyways been there twice in the last 6 months and not impressed - more of a novelty for me than anything.
3	The truth is - every review comparing this place to a "cafeteria" is right on money. The seating, quality of food, presentation of ALL dishes in an aluminum bowl, and the tiny plastic utensils all reminded me of a school lunch! No hair nets in sight, but were likely within reach. I wouldn't suggest this place to anyone with moderately advanced taste buds. Only those who want to give this novelty restaurant (and their bodies) a try- and even then I'd recommend the Phoenix location. The cookies were, however, surprisingly good!
5	I like the refried beans and the various fried Chinese chicken dishes.  I like the combo idea and the concept.  It is kinda hidden behind the auto center but worth looking for.
1	Hair in take out - called them and didn't seem to care much. I've been a long time greenway 19th ave customer and very regular to get take out from chandler location . Food is ok they need to maintain better service and hygiene.
5	I don't understand how anyone could give this place less than 5 stars. This place is unique and has amazing food, I never wait too long for the food to come out, and it's always delicious. Unusually get the jade red chicken, pollo diablo in a quesadilla, jerk fried rice and black beans. I then will top it off with their famous sugar cookies.
2	Average food.  Great concept and enjoyed my first visit.  However, the only really good item is the Red Jade Chicken.
4	Holy-Mole did they do a turn-around in the 3 months since I last ate there!  My boss decided to have a group lunch, and thinking that suffering through another boring meal was worth it (a salary-continuation project), I went along.Placed the order and by the time I got my drink and sat down it was coming out of the kitchen.  The food quality (and quantity) did a 180 since my last visit.  Wondering what happened I flagged down the gal the next time she was motoring by to ask.  Apparently they changed out the kitchen staff, and I think a manager or two were shown the door.  Don't know and really don't care as the food is definitely worth repeat trips.
4	Have you ever heard of Chinese food mixed with Mexican? I never did nor had I ever thought of such thing. However, Chino Bandido beat me to it. Gosh darn; I wish I thought of it first! There are several options to choose from; from just your choice of entree by itself to putting it in your quesadilla or burrito or BOTH! What if you don't know how these entrees taste like? No problem, ask for a sample. That's how I made my choice. Did I hear with a side of refried or black beans and rice on the side? Yes you did!  For the rice, you get some more options; fried, plain, jerk, and chicken. To wrap it all up you get to choose either a chocolate volcano (chocolate cookie with powder sugar) or snicker doodle cookie. At the end of it all, you will definitely be really full. I had to take a power nap; haha. I had the Jade Chicken (which is the most popular entree on the menu) entree with Jade Chicken quesadilla with a side of black beans and jerk fried rice. Finishing it all up with a volcano chocolate cookie. I liked the snicker doodler more though (my boyfriend had it) . I really like the Jade Chicken. It was freshly made crispy; but there was a little too much sauce. I find the quesadilla very unique. I never had Chinese food with cheese with tortilla before. It's all really interesting; got to go try. By the way, good luck finding it.
4	3.5 stars Interesting place.  Authentic? Nah, but it isn't that bad.Decided to try it out today with my brother and dad (Brother paid for it).  The place itself is pretty spacious and the cashier greeted us right when we walked in.  First thing they asked was that if we've been there before. When we told her that we haven't she started describing the menu and what things we could order, then offered like 5 or 6 different samples which was very cool.  Now, with a fusion place like this, you shouldn't expect no fancy 5 star restaurant.  So then finally we ordered ((3) 2 item meal with (2) large drinks) came to $29 and some odd cents (which is a little expensive but not unbearable).  They do give you a good amount, and yes.. I did not mind the aluminum dishes and plastic forks (read last sentence in last paragraph).My meal, I got Red Jade Chicken (burrito) and Teryaki chicken (quesadilla) with black beans and chicken fried rice.  The chicken weren't exploding in flavor, but I didnt expect it to be life changing either.  Could be better, but its edible.  The beans were actually tasty (if its real or not) and the rice was decent, not too dry.  An oh yes, forgot the cookies.  I didnt know anything about cookies (maybe should of looked at menu more) but they were pretty good for being free, nice sized too.  If you like the fried chicken with all those sauces like you see at Panda Express, Asian Cafe Express etc etc, might wanna stick with those, but if you wan't something "different"  go ahead and try this place.  Its not too bad and its worth at least one trip.
5	Seriously...if you haven't been here stop reading this review and just head over. You can thank me later. Not only do they have the best combinations you never thought of, but you can also sample everything on the menu before ordering. If you don't know what something is, just ask for a sample. The ordering takes a little getting used to, but once they walk you through it a few times you'll be an old pro. The red chicken is my favorite and they can guide you on fan favorites also. Bring your appetite because you'll be full when you leave. For two people with drinks just a hair over $20.00, sounds like a place for me. The atmosphere is not some swanky place and all the cutlery is plastic, but aren't those the best places anyway? Last but not least one cookie per order to round out your meal...Snicker doodle.  #boom
5	So good! Strange combinations, but amazing!  I had the Diablo chicken, Jade chicken burrito, chicken fried rice and black beans combo. Wife had Chinese BBQ pork bowl with pork fried rice. We both loved it! The black beans may have been the star. This is hangover/diet busting food at its best! And, you get a cookie! Will definitely be back (soon)!
2	Went and tried the jade chicken in a burrito and a carnitas quesadilla, black beans and rice. My favorite thing here was actually the snickerdoodle cookie they serve with the meal. The carnitas were dry and the jade chicken tasted funky in a burrito. I tried it without the tortilla and it was OK but several bites had gristle. The beans were good. The tables were all dirty though the place wasn't crowded. I tried the plum dipping sauce and it really didn't work with anything on my plate so I'm not sure what it's intended for. I think that this is a good concept (Mexican/Asian fusion) but poor execution.
3	Interesting concept. Chino Bandido serves up combinations that allow you to mix and match various flavors, wrappings, and sides in a fast food Asian Fusion fashion.I've been here a few times, and while the food is consistent, it's consistent in the fast-food Asian/Mexican way, like a step up from Panda Express or Filibertos.I've ordered a few items, my thoughts as follows:Chinese bbq pork: It wasn't the bright red color I'm used to seeing in typical Chinese bbq style pork, but the pork was tender, and had decent flavor.Jerk fried rice: Has hints of the "jerk" spice seasoning mixed with bits of chicken and veggies. Mildly spicy.Hengrenade burrito: This burrito was around $3, which is quite cheap. However, it is tiny! It was basically the size of the palm of my hand. The hengrenade chicken itself had a great kick from the spicy sauce, and had a piquant bold flavor.Emerald chicken: My favorite entree so far, with tender white meat chicken blanketed with a bright green scallion-ginger sauce. It's somewhat reminiscent of Hainanese chicken.Pollo Diablo: Deep fried chicken coated with a vinegary sauce with peppers. Although this is touted as a super spicy dish, it was more like a mild-medium level to me.I've eaten in and takee outee'd, and I've always encountered fast and friendly service. Overall, good for a fast food fusion fix.
5	Tried this for the first time a few weeks ago and have been back at least once a week. Make sure you try the jerk rice! After the first and second time since trying I've had the jerk rice and jerk chicken several times for dinner/lunch. It's always as good as the first time.
3	Very nice service. They give u 6 samples to try for the first time
3	It's not uncommon in certain areas to see an off combination of foods in the same eating establishment; Chinese restaurants serving BBQ or Mexican restaurants serving Fish & Chips. And, although the concept of combining Mexican & Asian cuisine on the same menu wouldn't be my first choice (I'd honestly pass up the option every time), I can honestly say that I'm glad I tried it.Pro's:- Inexpensive- Food has exceptional flavor- Free samples of what you want to order if you're a first-timer (every time could be your first)- Decent amount of food for the amount of money you pay- Simple enough menu to order from (though there aren't too many items, there's enough to make you want to try everything on the first try....at least it did for me....you don't want to order behind me, you'll be waiting and hungry. LOL)Con's:- Chandler location is hidden from traffic (there is absolutely NO signage on Chandler Blvd or Dobson Rd); it would appear that most, if not all, of their business comes from word or mouth and/or return customers- The eating utensils were EXTREMELY flimsy. And, they only had spoons and chopsticks! Argh! Why no plastic forks? (Insert puzzled look here). Can I get a fork please. Geez! - The bathroom door entrances are an accident waiting to happen (it swings open in both directions AND directly across from each other. Man - woman exiting simultaneously...OUCH!)- The overall feel of the establishment could use a makeover to make it more attractive (it has a cheesy cafeteria vibe going); if NOTHING else, they can stand to step their game up by updating the menu on the wall (tacky)I'd like to give them 3 1/2 stars but, YELP only offers whole stars. Damn! Lol. Nonetheless, I'd still patronize the establishment.....To-Go please.
5	Asian and Mexican- what move can I say? I love this place and the unique dishes they serve up. I've never had a bad combination but my boyfriend got sick once so we haven't went back. Great employees who will explain how to order and even give samples! The best part is you get a snickerdoodle with every meal.
5	This is by FAR my fav place to get lunch when I was working in Chandler. I usually order a combo with 2 meats, jerk fried rice, black beans, and it comes with a delicious warm snickerdoodle cookie!! The portions are quite large. The staff is so friendly and if you call in for take out they prepare the food super quick! One time I forgot to call ahead and just stopped in on my lunch break, they were quite busy and said it would be a long wait to get my food but I told them I was on my lunch break at work and they rushed it for me!! :) absolutely love this place!! The food is great, I would recommend this to anyone who is looking for a quick affordable lunch!
1	I had pretty low expectations for this place, which should have helped my rating but it was actually worse than expected. The food was bland and just tasted bad. They give you samples before you order which is a bad business decision on their part because we almost walked out at that. We ordered dishes besides the ones we had samples of and ended up throwing out half our food and leaving. They do have decent black beans but only in comparison to the rest of their food, not to other restaurants that serve beans.
5	I love this place. The jade chicken quesadillas are the best. The snicker doodle cookies are delicious. I would write more but I have to run and get some jade chicken
2	Pretty cool concept at this place but the customer service wasn't very great. After being in line for a while and next in line to have our order taken, another group of people walked in and went to the other side of us. It was a group of teens. The man at the register asked if they wanted to sample and then took 15 minutes to give them samples and completely blew us off. It was as if we weren't there at all. So we had to move over to another line. Then the person who took our order was very rude. Most of the tables were dirty with crumbs all over the chairs. When they brought our food to our table, they told us that one of our order still needed a quesadilla, rice and beans that they were waiting on......of course they forgot so we had to go ask for it 15 minutes later. They brought the quesadilla and beans. It was the wrong beans we asked for and they forgot about our rice. They even burned our meat. The quesadillas were really good but nothing amazing. TERRIBLE service. The worst I've experienced eating out ever.
1	I am sorry but this has got to be the worst food I have ever tasted... I really wish I had never tried it in the first place.
4	Finally experience Chino Bandido and glad I did. They let you try some of the popular items which helps to determine what you might get. The food is full of flavor and not so hard on the wallet. A two meat combo with rice and bean, drink, and cookie will run about $10. They also have wine and beer.
3	This is a very unique restaurant. When we walked in, they offered us a sample of anything on their menu to try before ordering. We ended up ordering the red jade chicken & fried rice, and a combo with the shredded pork & the jerk chicken burrito with beans & rice. The beans were really salty but the red jade chicken & fried rice were good. The location itself is hidden in a parking lot & is pretty hard to find. The food wasn't the greatest but not bad either ... Just okay.
2	Interesting asian/mexican fusion theme but taste is just ok. Great place to go if you just want to fill your stomach for a cheap price.Best part about it is the snicker doodle they give you with the meal.Ordering is kind of odd but nice that you can make anything a burrito, quesadilla or just eat it alone for all the same price.Place is bare bones, with cafeteria type tables/benches.
4	A good quick meal that tastes pretty good as well. I end up usually getting the jerk fried rice, and jade red chicken. Grab the black beans you'll thank me :).The snicker doodle they give with your meal is delicious as well (love the after meal treat).The only true downside is you'll be in a food coma by the time you're done with the meal (unless you get the bowl which is about half the amount of food).Overall, check this place out. It's worth the visit.
4	It's Chino Bandido you can't really go wrong. While I am of the opinion that the food is just a little better at the original Phoenix location.. it's still good here in Chandler. I took a star off for location, which is a bit hard to get to and staff. I've been to this location 3 or 4 times and every time, even when not busy the staff isn't very welcoming or inviting. Each time I've brought new customers with me, and it's been up to me to explain the menu, tasting, etc.. it always seems as though the staff has something better to do. The last time being the worst, we went in 40 mins before closing, placed our orders which took much longer than usual, and right about the time our food should have been coming out, we instead are told they're out of something we ordered.. which is fine, that happens.. I own a restaurant so I get it, but I'm not sure how that took over 20 minutes to figure out? So deduction of a star from me for this otherwise great place.
1	If you don't know Mexican or Chinese food, then you'll probably like this place. If taco bell and panda express are awesome in your eyes, then this is the place for you! lol I've been here twice and not by choice. (Trying to be open minded and a team player) Each time I tried something different and both times I felt like I wasted my money. The rice is very dry as if it was sitting out all day and night. Lacks flavor. The beans are straight out of a can. Nothing I've tried tasted fresh or authentic. Never again, even if it was free. Very sad.
5	Love the Jade Red Chicken.  The Chinese Mexican food fusion is unique and delicious!!
2	My brother went to another location and was absolutely in love with it.  He wanted to take me, so we came to the Chandler location.  While he seemed pleased with his food, I was rather disappointed.First, it wasn't hot.  At best, mildly warm, which was pathetic because it was ready pretty quickly.  Second, I ordered the egg foo yung vegitarian, but what i received was a sloppy burnt mess loaded with pork (and there's another problem, it was burnt yet not hot).  And lastly, my chile relleno quesadilla was overrun with greasy cheese, almost unbearable.  My first trip here wasn't good, but there are other locations, and this is not that spot that my brother raved about.  There are other items on the menu that i'd like to try, so I might just give it another shot.
1	The food was cold. The beans looked like they were sitting in a pot all day. The rice was old, cold and dry. The Pollo Diablo was full of grease in the burrito. The ginger with green onions was cold and not very appetizing . The teriyaki chicken my kids got was cold and terriyaki sauce had no good flavor and the sauce looked like it came right out of the refrigerator. The only thing we enjoyed was the quesadilla .
1	I came to this place with my friends, they were talking about how good it was. So once I got here I placed my order I received my food and while I was eating I see 2 HUGE roaches crawling around it was disgusting. I immediately threw my good away which wasn't even that good and walked away. I will never come back again.
1	I loved this place once upon a time. It was cleaner, bigger and friendlier than it's northern parent. Been coming here for years and in the past had rated it at 5 stars. The last few times though, it's dirtier. The staff appears to be immature high kids. The service is much worse with every trip having some kind of service failure. Tonight I came for my birthday. At an hour before closing half the tables are covered in chairs and the place reeks of bleach. The prices are raised, but that has to happen sometimes. When our food is served it's wrong. Replacement food takes about :20 to get to us, after many patrons that arrived after the concern was raised got served and a reminder. My burrito was torn, and my quesadilla looked like a cat with a seizure prepared it. The only reason I could eat them is because they were almost completely empty. So... in short I'm not going back. I understand raising prices, but not while simultaneously subtracting service and potion size. Bye panda, I'll miss who you were when I first met you.
1	I moved to Phoenix almost a year ago and have heard since I moved here about the great Chino Bandido. I was really excited to try it and after much anticipation went there tonight. I arrived at 8 pm with some friends and thought it was weird that all of the chairs were flipped up on the tables except for a few vacant tables and it was still an hour til closing time. I ordered my food and got it quickly (there were only a few other people there) and noticed my beans were cold and somehow burnt at the same time. The rest of my food was okay but definitely fell short of expectations. However none of that compared to what happened next. At around 8:15, two of the young employees started mopping the whole place starting right at the drink machine. I had never in my life seen such obvious disregard for customers. Once again, there was still 45 minutes left until closing time.  When one customer tried to get to the drink machine they did not move or even apologize for mopping. I also noticed that there was no wet surface sign. So not only was the mopping incredibly rude but also incredibly unsafe. When I asked one of the employees mopping if she had a wet surface sign to put out, she apologized and thanked me for reminding her while saying someone else usually does it. After I explained why the situation was unsafe and our conversation ended I assumed she would get a sign but instead went right back to mopping and later stood around talking to other employees. I certainly can't blame a couple of 16 year olds who are probably working their first job, but I can blame management which were no where to be found. I would normally not post a negative review but this was single handedly the worst restaurant experience of my life. I will not be returning.
5	Food is delicious!! I highly recommend this place as you can pick and choose a ton of combinations and the flavors are awesome! I recommend the jade red chicken and the machaca.  Great overall place for delicious food.
5	Awesome food! Definetly a unique combination worth trying. The atmosphere is always welcoming. If you have never been then let someone at the ordering station know and they will gladly give you a taste of the most popular items on the menu to let you know what their flavor is about. Their GM Ron is always attentive with his customers and constantly interacting to make sure your experience is a pleasant one.
5	I can't judge this place from its beginnings so I can only judge it for the now. If you can get by eating out of chintzy aluminum take-away containers with flimsy plastic forks on folding tables then you'll be rewarded with damn delicious food. There are not many places you can get two flavorful entrees, a specialty fried rice, beans and a fresh baked cookie for only $9.08.
1	I've never regretted spending 20 dollars the way I have after this place. I should of been warned by the empty restaurant, I wish I was those kind if people that have no shame and cause a scene demanding there money back!! Oh how I want my money back :( lol ... the rice is hard and crunchy and different colors (jerk rice) the jade chicken that is oh so recommended as there #1 seller,  is stale and dry,  I could bet money that most of the food on my plate was old, it wasn't even warm. Also had the carnitas quesadilla, please stay away. I feel sick, the flavor caused me to feel discomfort at thought of eating, so hard to explain.  The staff was nice, but thats about it. P.s. the sugar cookie or whatever it is that they give was also stale. I would of been better off eating at McDonald's ordering from the dollar menu. . . Ohhhh how those 20 dollars hurt my heart.  Lol
3	Was not impressed with the atmosphere. There is always one way to impress a customer, good service and great food! The employees came through. The food was good.
4	Great costumer service. Decent food. I grabbed jade red chicken, jerk chicken, jerk fried rice combo. It was yummy. I'd say the Phoenix Chino Bandido tastes better but it's always a crowd there. The jerk chicken had the perfect spice to it. Not overwhelmingly hot. I'd tell friends to give it a try if in mood for Mexican/ Asian fusion.
5	Love this place, one of my husband and mine all time favorites. It's casual but really fun unique food that packs a great fusion flavor.  They allow newbies to try samples, so it would well for bringing people to try it. .. the combo deals are the way to go.
3	I had the chili relleno, it was good, but it had no sauce on it...missed opportunity for sure..sauce gives food life, especially with their Mexican Asian premiss.  If they could engineer a Mexican Asian fusion sauce to put on that Relleno it would knock it out of the park for sure.
2	This is a fast food place that fuses Mexican and Chinese food. I am not a fan of sweet refried beans. The carnitas had the distinct taste of refrigerator.  The quesadilla filled with the jerk chicken was pretty good.  But overall not something I would return to.
1	Sign of declineOk has been one of my favorite places to eat Due a work location shift had not been there for about six months.So I go to get my favorite since I had been craving it. The lady at the counter is abrupt informs me that she will fill out the sheet. So I place my order and wait. And wait. Place is not busy. And wait.Get the food, have to ask again for my drinks. Abrupt again.I got it to go. Open it and find my Jen red pork quesadilla has a grand total of 5 pieces of pork. Yes  small pieces totaling 5. One section no meat just sauce. Burrito half full as normal. Ordered double jerk rice instead of beans got one portion of rice. Rice had balls of cold white rice with no flavoring.Severely disappointed. My brother goes this last week. Almost same exact experience.Sad to me to see the decline of such a great quirky place
4	I LOVE the food concept, their portions and have had great food almost every time I've been there. The only drawback is their ordering system. If you don't come often, it's hard to remember all the abbreviations and details needed for their ordering form. Their staff hasn't always been eager to make the ordering process easier either. Worth figuring out their system for the food though!
1	Typically with this place you know you are going to receive an amazing meal. Unfortunately this time around was different. Something changed about this place. I used to come here when it opened up and have always gotten the same meal.I always get a combo meal, teriyaki, jade red chicken quesadilla, and chicken friend rice. I have sworn by this meal to people as I think it's one of the best. My recent visit I was let down a lot. I walk in, wrote down my usual and look at the cashier and she walks away. I thought she was doing the register because she had just taken a ladies order... Guess not. So I wait... Finally a lady take my order and before I could order she tried to upsell me on some new stuff, so I tried because hey it can't possibly be bad. When I received my meal the teriyaki sauce was off it looks like a jello gravy consistency. It's usually a real teriyaki sauce and tastes delicious. I picked up my weapon of choice, my fork, and dive right in. I was shocked by the disgusting flavor and texture I received from the teriyaki chicken. In disbelief I let my friend try some and she was shocked at how gross it was too. So I put the teriyaki aside for the fly that kept flying around. I then headed towards the jade red chicken quesadilla. It tasted normal and great but they definitely shorted me on the chicken. Thinking of it as a oh well mentality I headed towards the wings I ordered. Yes that's right they now have wings. When I opened the ranch I originally thought it was blue cheese, I was wrong.  It was homemade ranch that just tasted like sour cream mixed with a pickle. The wings I half are was absolutely terrible. I am truly amazed at the route this place I used to love went. Hopefully they get it together because I miss it. There are other things different there like the nice gentlemen playing his guitar trying to hit the rights notes. I thought this was restaurant that was chill. Not a bar. Anyways, I hope this review helps beware anyone that thinks they will get decent food, with a very nice staff. I say that with the most sarcastic voice in my head.
2	Chino Bandido Takee-Outee is a family business that I have eaten at for over 20 years. They have 2 locations, 19th Ave & Greenway in Phoenix and Chandler Rd. & Dobson in Chandler. I grew up near the Phoenix location and was addicted to their version Jerk Chicken and Pollo Diablo from first bite. When their food is fresh & demonstrates the diligent quality control that the owners intend, it is a gem of an experience. I was thrilled when they opened Chandler, as I now live there. Eve & Frank (owners) were around often in the beginning and it was just as wonderful as the original. Since the first year, however, the quality has really declined from the flavorful, made-to-order, quirky food that landed them on Food Network's, Diners Drive-Ins & Dives. Yesterday we were craving the TJ Veggie Quesadillas. This flat, bland, lettuce quesadilla was a far cry from the salad veggie packed quesadilla with seranno peppers. The Pollo Diablo in its intended form is one if my favorites. It lacked the attention that makes it so good. The garlic tasted burnt and it tasted as if it had also sat. I also ordered the Saturday special, Bean Tostada. While the black beans seem to be an infallible recipe, they loaded my poor 3 inch corn tortilla with a soup bowl of beans. I tried every which way to eat it and could not. I returned it and asked for another, & then understood why the 1st had a pool of beans. The corn tortilla could not be bit, cut, or torn  because it was so tough. My husband wanted to try something new and went for Chili Relleno. The Chili nearly disappeared among the greasy 1/2" thick cracker crust. His Gringo Chicken was good though. He use to get the Machaca often, however he tried several times in lthe last year and has decided not to anymore because it was often mushy. My son's Teriyaki Chicken was  good. The cookies were wonderful, chocolate volcanoes cooked perfectly soft. The daily cookie is the snickerdoodle, which is fine.The 2 stars are in recognition that I love their Refried Black Beans & Volcanoes, and the Jerk , Teriyaki & Gringo Chicken are fairly consistent. It lacks the finesse for why they developed a cult-like following to begin with: Quality unique food. I will make a trip to the original location soon to see if they have upheld the beautifully simple, yet unique integrity of Eve & Frank's vision. I hope enjoy a perfectly glazed piece of Jade Red Chicken in all it's balanced sweet & spicy glory (rather than the gloppy stagnant stuff Chandler dished out to me a few months ago). I will post the outcome of that visit soon......stay tuned...... I am not giving up on them yet.
2	Chino is one of those places that does not have amazing mexican or asian food but they have manged to make the fusion of the two work. The jade red chicken and jerk chicken are two of my favorites and the chili rellano is serviceable.  I think i will stay away though because about an hour after eating my wife got really sick, not blaming the food but i would rather not take any chances.
3	Interesting blend of food.  It was good, but I can't say that I would ever crave this place.
3	Found out about this place from watching Diners Drive-ins and Dives. You know, one of those local joints that Guy Fieri raves about....This is their second location. It's tucked in the way back of a strip mall. Your GPS may lead you to the wrong location just an FYI. After finally finding this place, we walked into a large, 'clean', restaurant, set up like a high school cafeteria. The tables are plastic portable tables. The wall decor is mostly posters tacked up on the walls with thumb tacks like a teenagers bedroom. Place was not busy at 6:30 on a Friday,. However, the girl at the register was impatient with us like there was an invisible line behind us that only she could see... it would have been nice if she would have asked if this was our first time, explain things to us and give us samples. The food combinations kinda make the place smell funny like the sewer was backing up...  I dunno, maybe i just have an overly sensative nose. My hubby didn't notice it at all....You are probably thinking, "where is she going with this review?!? Well here I go to the most important part...the food!! The ordering system is a bit weird. I guess there are millions of options, but only a few are pictured on the wall behind the counter. When it arrives to your table, it's in a round disposable tinfoil container, perfect for take home transport! I had a rice bowl with red jade chicken and fried rice. Yum!! The fried rice was really good, a bit different from, let's say the Panda variety;) The red jade chicken had great flavor but was a little dried out like it was pre-made and sitting under a heat lamp for hours. My hubby got the combo plate with plain fried rice, black beans, jerk chicken and machaca. All of which he devoured like he'd never ate before! He said it was all fantastic! I tried some of his plate and I would have to agree! Best part of the meal, the giant snicker doodle cookies, made fresh! Nut shell, food was good! Not awesome, but good! We'll definitely be back! Might have to try the "original location" next time!!
4	jerk fried rice, goodmachaca, way too gamey for my palatechinese BBQ pork, deliciousthe concept, brilliantwill try this place a few more times for sure
4	Always great food and friendly staff.   Love the Jerk Fried Rice in the combo meal plus Jerk Chicken burrito.Ask for a sample of almost all of the items.   You may be surprised at what you like.
3	I have been going to Chinos since I was in elementary school before the Chandler location existed. We would go once a week growing up. Once I moved to Tempe for school, I was having some serious Chinos withdrawals until finally they opened the Chandler location. For a while, it was hit or miss with the food and It seemed that the Chandler location was the red headed step child. The recipes weren't being followed as closely as they should. I made the necessary calls to the Phx location about the questionable jade red chicken that tasted more like a ketchup chicken and after that, the chandler location seemed to get better. Until last week, the staff was rude and the red pens to write down my order disappeared and when I casually asked what happened to the red pens, the 16 year old manning the cash register gave me a dirty look and said 'I dunno?' -which wasn't a big deal, aside from chinos having red pens my entire life. It's just a way of life at chinos. You wrote down your order on the piece of paper with the red pen and then you come up w a funny name for the order. And the whole place kind of smelled like sewer which isn't ideal when you are eating. Anyway, the food didn't taste up to par either. It wasn't bad- it just didn't taste the same as it always has. I love chinos to the moon and back but someone needs to take a closer look at the Chandler location and stop letting it fall too far from the tree.
5	When I am in town, this is a must have. Smother me in Cuban black beans and call me Jeff Foxworthy, cause I am getting redneck with it. But seriously, cuban black beans, jerk fried rice, and diablo chicken is all you need to say. Skip the fancy ordering.
5	If I had to eat only one thing for the rest of my life it would be the Jade Red burrito. The food is insane! Mexican/Chinese?!?! What? Yeah it may sound weird but OMG, amazing!The location on 19th ave is slightly better tasting,  but in no way down playing the awesomeness of Chinos!
2	Usually excellent, today the service was poor - someone hates their job or maybe having a bad day. The portion of carnitas was minuscule. I have understood the price increases, but to reduce the portions to a tablespoon of carnitas is just bad for business.
4	Ok let me start by saying we come here everytimewe are in town. We use to drive tothe phx location but this one is closer.   I would have given it 5 stars but the service is sometimes scektchy like they are doing you a favor by taking your order. Regardless we are slaves to their amazing black beans and jade red chicken quessidillas   So we keep coming back.  Often we order by phone as we are driving into town and get it to go thus avoiding the rude servers
5	Look. I know the whole Chinese Mexican theme throws people off. But seriously, the food is amazing. Jade red chicken and jerk chicken with the jerk fried rice and Jamaican black beans are awesome. Don't let the menu fool you, this place rocks!!
4	So what do you call a place that serves decent Mexican food, outstanding chicken dishes with some Asian influence?  Well, they call it Chino Bandido's!Now I'll admit, I get a charge and some amusement by watching Guy Fieri of Food Network visit these local DDD.  We have also visited quite a few of Guy's places over the years.  The yummy Guatemalan place in Santa Fe, NM is probably the best, while there's been quite a few near misses, too.  But Chino Bandido's.... well we somehow missed that episode.So when I saw that sign, with Guy's gargantuan smiling face (see photo) I thought okay, what am I in for this evening?  Well not to worry. As it turned out it, it was all for the best, as the Four Star review might indicate. According to Food Network: "Chino Bandido's Chinese-Mexican-Jamaican dishes have garnered lifelong fans. Guy loved the fusion, calling it one of the most original on DDD. The best part? The menu has more than 90,000 combinations. For a spicy option try the Pollo Diablo, Jade Red Chicken and Jerk Fried Rice. Pow!"  Ugh, I could have done without that pow. LOLThe first thing that's tricks you as you enter, is the industrial, high ceilings and plastic 10 foot folding tables and chairs right out of Sam's Club, or Costco. The other thing you notice is the re, Chinese "Great Wall" muriel with a panda dressed as a Via Zapata style bandido. Some things don't translate I guess. LOLI do not believe Chino Bandido's is Chinese at all. Well, not in the traditional sense. Heck, not in any sense really.  Yes, I see a Fried Rice, Egg Foo Yung, Chinese BBQ Pork, and Teriyaki Chicken on the menu.  But no Asian soups.  No General Tso's, no Orange Beef or Chicken, no Kung Pow, no buckwheat noodles, I could go on.What I see is a very strong Jamaican influence.  That Panda could easily be a photo-shopped for Bob Marley because of all the Jerky Chicken and Jerky Rice. Sorry guys, or should I say Guy. LOLBut there were some hiccups along the way, but I really love this place. And two hundred or of my co-workers who seem to come each day cannot be all wrong. LOLFor me, just order the Jerky Chicken (photo) and you'll see what I mean. Delicious. Expect to pay $8 or so. Enjoy!
4	The food is definitely different! It a fusion of Mexican and Asian, and depending on what you get, it's amazing! They also serve beer!
4	Is this place a world wonder? Or was it created by an act of god? Was it an offspring of a Latina and an Asian? Maybe it was a miracle of science? It most likely happened when they put a panda in a fusing machine with a burrito and thus the restaurant Chino Bandido was created. However the restaurant was created, it has some of the most unique food I ever had. The restaurant is a fuse of Mexican cuisines and Asian flavors and a lot of creativity to make a unique menu.If it is your first time at the place or you want to try something new on the menu, I would suggest asking for a sample of some of their dishes. Once you figure out which ones are your favorites, you have the next hard task of figuring out whether you want it on a dish, in a burrito, or a quesadilla. All of these choices give you reason to come back several times over to try out something new each time and you can't do it in one sitting because the amount they give you is quite filling.Also makes sure to take a picture of the panda in sombrero with the awesome mustache or selfie with it.
5	We walked in and we were immediately greeted by the general manager. He was excited about their new appetizers as a happy hour special. He mentioned that they had live music, too. We decided to try the Guac-a-dilla as a starter. Both girls wanted the black bean tostadas. I reminded them that was a Saturday special. The manager said that he could talk them in to making it. I ordered the Pollo Diablo as a burrito and the Jerk Chicken as a quesadilla.  BOTH EXCELLENT! It came with black beans and rice. The black beans are creamy, a little sweet, and just enough back heat! Topped off with the best snicker doodles in town! If you haven't been, you gotta get to this place!
4	This place was pretty awesome. They could really use a revamp on the inside, it feels like a cafeteria, which I didn't love. But the food was awesome! Wrapping the chicken in a burrito gives it a twist for sure. Otherwise you can order it like normal Chinese food with rice. Their jerk rice was really good and their version of sweet and sour chicken was amazing. I will be going back, but just for take out next time.
4	I don't have the words for how awesome this place is.  I mean how has this not blown up before.  Mexican & Asian food all on the same menu and combined?  It is everything I love and it is so wrong that it is so right.I look at the menu in awe and just grin about the damage I am getting ready to do.   It would be wise for me to list out all of the concoctions and requests but I can't remember.  I know that they were on DDD but a friend of mine took me here and don't go very often but when I do....it is on.  Just do it....do it....do it....
2	I'm so disappointed. My husband and I have heard such great things about this place, so we decided to try it. I don't know if it was because we ate there later in the day or what, but it wasn't good. I ordered the Pollo diablo with white rice. The chicken was super dry, and there wasn't really any onion to speak of. I think I got the last of what was left because 1/3 of it was just crunchy batter. My husband got the jerk chicken burro combo with sweet and sour chicken, rice and beans. The beans were partially burnt and were also dry. The sweet and sour chicken had a weird flavor and the jerk chicken burro was leaking grease all over. My husband did say the cookies were awesome. I
4	This is a hidden gem of a restaurant! It's tucked behind the Walgreens at Dobson & Chandler, and boasts a very large, casual dining room with enough space for big parties/families.The menu is an interesting assortment of Mexican & Asian spiced meats, about 5 rice options, either refried beans or Cuban black beans, and each of our meals came with a big snickerdoodle or chocolate cookie.There were 6 of us, we sampled one another's meals, loved everything! Examples: Jade Red Chicken, Jerk Chicken, Hengrenade Chicken, Chinese BBQ Pork, Machaca.Chino Bandido's is a MUST-TRY place. Can't wait to return!
3	Not wowed like I expected to be since our friends rave about this place.  The food was decent.  Next time we would try the burrito option instead of just the "Chino" style.  The place smelled a little and there was a fly problem.  Not great additions to our dining experience.
3	As a long time patron of Chino Bandido I have been accustomed to a certain level of quality when it comes to the food. Up until recently that quality has been excellent and it is for that reason alone I am able to give this even 3 stars. I am particularly speaking of this Chandler location. The quality here has been highly inconsistent. When this location first opened (and for months after) the food was actually hot and they certainly did not skimp on anything. Today, I was so disappointed that I had to write about it. The food temperature was lukewarm, at best. The food quantity seemed like it was half of what I had been accustomed to. It was just such a disappointment.On the positive side I did notice that they have happy hour now so I may have to make my way back to try it out.
1	So freaked out right now. We asked for a lime with the corona and after working the register, he grabbed the limes with his dirty fingers. After the chef heard that we put a happy hour order in, he screamed 'no more happy hour' and started banging things around. Then the order came out with refried beans instead of black beans. Fly's are buzzing all around our food. I am too freaked out to eat this and just spent  $17.46. Should I risk it, and try this food?
1	Wow, what a disappointment. This place used to be good.  Not only were the portions a ton smaller than than they used to be but the food tasted terrible.  We took two bites and just walked out not bothering to complain.
2	Not what we expected. Their mostPopular chicken dish was super dry and just not that good. Sorry Chino Bandido fans, we won't be back and I wish I could get my $20 back.
1	Since my first visit a couple years ago, I have seen the quality of the food here plummet.  This week, it hit rock bottom.  My wife called in a to go order, picked it up, and brought it home.  We discovered that the small amount of rice they did give us in our combination plates was completely inedible.  It must have been sitting in a warmer for hours because it was hard and crunchy.  My wife ordered the BBQ chicken, and it was hard and dried out.  I ordered the jade red chicken, and it was hard and dried out.  Whoever was working the kitchen had to know the food had been sitting out for too long and was dried out, and it is shameful that they nevertheless served it.  We would have brought it back, but with a newborn at home we did not have the time or energy.  They should have just got it right the first time.In all, what was once my favorite place in Chandler has slipped to the point that I'm not sure I want to ever go back.
3	Food is pretty good definitely a different kind of pairing. I never would've thought of pairing Chinese food with Mexican but it's actually very good! Jade chicken is my favorite, along with their black beans they have a great spice!
5	I stopped in today for lunch with my mom. We both had the combination platter with jade red chicken, machaca, chicken fried rice, and black beans and devoured all of it. I was originally apprehensive about trying Chinese-Mexican fusion, but I was pleasantly surprised by how good it was. I will definitely be back with my husband so he can try it.
5	Love Chino Bandido's! Great food that you can't find anywhere else! The combination of Chinese food with Mexican food is truly genius. And the fact that you get a snicker doodle cookie with your meal is a plus! My favorite is the jade red chicken burrito and jerk chicken quesadilla.
5	I've been going to Chino for about 25 years now, and this place is both unique and delicious. I always take my friends visiting from out of town here to try it and all of them always enjoy it. This is also a very popular spot for lunch if you work in Chandler, give it try!
5	Awsome food combinations & the staff was friendly & helpful. Location was easy to find.
2	Frank and Eve (the owners), I hope you or someone who cares reads this!This is a review of the Chandler location.I've been a long time patron of Chino Bandido, starting with their first location at 19th Ave and Greenway in North Phoenix.Quality, care and portions have always been the first priority.My last three experiences with the Chandler location over the past 4 months have gotten progressively worse each time.The most recent was this past Sunday evening around 6:30 for a carry out order.  The person who handled the order was very nice.  No issue here.  Although concern arose when she mentioned that the current kitchen staff was making the Egg Foo Yung we ordered for the first time.The Egg Foo Yung ended up being the best part of the meal, as well as the complimentary Snicker Doodle cookie.The Hengrenade Chicken was dry and leathery with little flavor left on or in it.  The Diablo chicken was also not their best effort, overcooked and dry as well.The fried rice tasted as though it had been in a steam pan for hours...crunchy, dry and flavorless.  The kind of thing I might expect at the end of the night from a lesser establishment.I'm not going to dwell on this, but unless some things change at the Chandler location, I really am not motivated to return at this point.If I'm up North, I'll try the 19th Ave location in hopes that the same issues are not occurring there.Frank and Eve (the owners) are wonderful people, so I am hopeful they take action and can get Chandler back to the really good Chinese /  Mexican fusion restaurant they once were.
1	Rice is rock hard.   Jaded chicken taste like its been sitting there for days.  Brought it to the young girls attention and they had to say was oh.  Plenty of people eating here but maybe they didn't get the rice?I think I may have just come toLate and there menu is to big for them to make it fresh when they order it.   Oh well. Plus they give you free chips and salsa for a good review on this.  Reason for all the stars on here? You decided but don't say I didn't warn you.    Maybe there chips are good and worth the stars.  Guess I'll never know
5	Been coming here since it had its original location. Love the jade red chicken quesadilla!
4	Very cool fusion of Mexican and Chinese food. I would recommend the Jerk Chicken and Jen Red Chicken.  The staff is really friendly and you can sample items.
5	This is an adventure in the food. Ready your taste buds for a party!Try the BBQ sauce, jade red chicken and the emerald chicken.
5	Honestly I have never experienced such a delightful time I love chino, everyone should come in Ruth Ann is the best waitress ever!
5	This place is unparalleled. The selection is huge and you can mix and match so many things to make the perfect meal for you. Definitely try the jade chicken! Chino's is our go to spot, always.
5	Such amazing food! The chandler location is never crowded... Had a big group of friends with no problem. They let you sample everything, even the cookies. It seems like you can't go wrong with any of the choices ... I want to try everything on the menu.
5	Awesome food,friendly staff, good beer and kid friendly!! Red jade chicken blew my socks off!!! I will be back again and again!!
4	Sounds crazy, but the modt Amazing fusion of my two favorite things. Chinese and mexican food. Dang! Sooo good!
3	Went because a friend recommended it. Mediocre in my opinion. Panda Express meets Taco Bell. I had the red chicken and jerk fried rice. Beans are bad either one you get. Best part was snicker doodle.
5	Food is awesome !!! Highly recommend it. Took a friend for his birthday and he loved it.
4	This is a great place.  The food is super yummy and the service is always great.  My only complaint is that there is an off smell in the building.  Clearly that doesn't keep me away though,  the food is too good. I do love that they have Legos to play with, but it would be great is they washed or bleached them every once in awhile, they are pretty dirty.  That and the smell are the only reason I docked a star.
5	One of our favorite places for a delish meal. Excellent Chinese and Mexican food! Two greats even better when combined.
2	The food wasn't so good for being Chinese food and i know what great Chinese food taste like.
2	I specifically asked the guy at the counter if the chicken was white meat and he said yes, they use chicken breast. So I ordered the chicken Diablo and it was gross. The chicken was not only dark meat but grizzly, etc.  They have a sign at the counter that says they'll give you free chips and salsa for a positive review. Now I know why there were so many positive reviews because it wasn't very good. However, the staff was friendly
5	Chinos has not only the best chile relleno's I have ever had in my life but I think it may very well be the best food in the entire Phoenix area!!!
2	What a disappointment! After reading all the wonderful reviews and having eaten at the Phoenix location, I have to say this Chandler location is lacking. Had the Jade and Jerk chicken with jerk fried rice. Jade chicken wasn't horribly bad. It has an OK flavor but expected it to be 'more' I guess. The jerk chicken you can taste the spices and overall was ok. Neither will make me come back. The jerk fried rice was kinda hard. Maybe I got the last of a batch. My husband had the machaca and carnitas plate with refried beans and fried rice. DO NOT get the beans! I think the canned ones I had had more flavor than those. The machaca and carnitas were ok. May be good for a burrito or tacos, sadly we won't know as we won't go back. The snickernoodle cookie was good. I give it 2 stars for effort and because 2 out of the 2 meats we tried were Ok. Not sure if I just expected more from this place after reading all the good reviews, but then again they have a sign at the register that they give you free chips and what not if you show a good review on Yelp. Hmmmm
5	The staff was very nice! And the food was delicious! Yum! I ordered the jade red chicken and a chicken quesadilla with chicken fried rice and it was definitely the best quesadilla in town!
4	Another one of my favorite places...  Though I would suggest coming in during lunch (11a-1p) during the week, or for dinner (5p-7p) on Fridays... the food is mostly batch prepped, and best during those hours.The location off of 19th Avenue and Greenway tends to be better if you are in that area.I tend to order a combo with Carnitas Quesadilla, Hen Grenade Chicken, pork fried rice, and pinto beans... ymmv of course...  I've had most of the menu, but it's been a while since I've ordered anything else.. I come in about once a month lately either here or at the 19th ave location.
5	So I have heard of this place from co-workers and friends and finally today I decided to go for it. I was not disappointed. I can eat.. A lot in one sitting and I enjoy tasty food. The amount of food you get for your money is awesome and the dishes are amazing.   Jerk rice, refried beans, and jade chicken in a quesadilla, with Diablo chicken was outstanding. Will definitely be coming back here and for sure going to tell everyone I know how great this place is.
2	I'm now very conflicted with this establishment. The original location is SO MUCH BETTER. The employees there take the time out to explain their fusion menu, they give you tastings of entrees, and made me fall in love with Chino Bandido. I do, however, work much closer to this location, and I was so excited to make the trek here to emulate that first experience. Sadly, every time I come here, I feel like I'm collecting a debt when I'm placing an order with this location's employees. I guess nobody likes working here...I love their food, as you can see I've checked in here a few times. But enough's enough: -Finding the place still takes quite a bit of effort at night-The ambience is awful, the storefront is having an identity crisis while trying to be a hip sports bar with the TVs and San Tan brews, but fails to deliver good food instead-They're always out of Egg Foo Yung...the one time they had it, it tasted completely bland and nothing like the one I ordered from the original location-They've gotten my order wrong. When I'm only placing two bowl orders and the place is not remotely busy, there's no excuseMaybe I need to find the manager/owners and have a heart to heart talk. Either these are two different franchisees or they need to shape up this location
4	Love this place!  I have been away from the Valley for a decade. Chino's in North Phoenix was a favorite lunch destination. This location is hard to find but so much cleaner. Great food. Jerk chicken burrito and chile relent quesadilla. Yum. A complimentary snicker doodle to go...too. I dream about the refried black beans.
4	Really unique place, I wasn't sure how Chinese and Mexican food would be mixed together but it was pretty amazing. The staff was somewhat helpful, we told them it was our first time when we first started ordering and they weren't much help at all, then after we ordered she said that she could have walked us through everything and gave us some samples... so that made me a little bitter. But aside from that you don't need much service, the tables are fairly well kept with a missed one here n' there but that just adds to the experience I'd say. I would go back, it's tasty and the portions are good.
4	For the kind of food it is, I think it's really good. They give you so much food and you can make it any way you want (quesadilla, rice, etc). Definitely heavy food and I could see it be awesome after a night of heavy drinking. Might be the next best thing to chicken and rice for any East Coasters.
4	It's really good! Like... I heard mixed reviews but when I actually tasted the food I was pleasantly surprised... It was fresh, well spiced, flavorful, tender, and yummy! The portions leave you wanting a little more which, really, is probably a good thing for anyone watching their calories. If I lived within walking distance and could afford not to home cook my lunches, I'd eat there every day.
4	Every time I come here, the food is amazing. It has just the right mix of heat (spice) and flavor. The price is certainly good too.
2	I tried their version of jerk chicken. It was ok, but not for me to go there again. When I walked in there was probably 2 customers who were already seated and eating their food. They took about 20min to get my order ready and it was a small bowl with white rice and chicken.
1	Sorry we were so looking forward to eating here as we have visited their other location & loved the food, unfortunately after a 40 min wait & still no food we along with other patrons asked for a refund & left. Not sure what's going on here as we watched the kitchen help through the window & they appeared untrained confused & clueless. Not sure if the chef quit & they were trying to improvise but I've never had to leave a restaurant hungry. So sad
4	Awesome unique place have to stop by whenever I am in town.
5	We were a little apprehensive about trying this place but we are SO GLAD we did!!! The food is fabulous with big portions. The staff is also amazing!!!
