2	Dont waste your time.Unprofessional and slow.Went to get my iPhone repaired since the price was relatively cheaper than other places .Took forever messed it up then had to do it again.If you have all the time in the world and don't care much about customer service go here, they're cheaper . You get what you pay for applies here .
4	I chose Desert Wireless over the rest of the iPhone repair places because they were the only ones who seemed like they really knew what they were talking about. Straight off the phone they told me exactly what I needed to fix my iPhone (cracked screen and mic replacement) versus the 3 other places that required a consultation before being able to give me a price quote.So yes its the possible long wait time that could be a killer. But it's cause they seem to be the busiest guys in town. But I'd rather wait and get my expensive iPhone fixed than have to buy a brand new $400 cell phone!When you walk into Desert Wireless (or go on their website) they have every issue, mods and update priced out which shows already they they know exactly what they're doing. And some of these mods you gotta admit are pretty badass! They even recommended me ways to fix my problems that would save me money! Just know that there are a million+1 things you can do with your iPhone and these guys know all of those million+1 ways to do it! Invest your time and take care of your baby. ;)
4	I was very under quoted when I called to get an estimate to fix my screen. I was told it would cost me 80 dollars when I called but after fixing it I was charged 100 dollars before tax. The guy told me that if I wrote a review on yelp, he would give me a discount, so this is my review. They do a good job fixing your phone and it doesn't take too long, but I wouldn't trust the reviews on here if they are literally paying their customers to write reviews for them. The 100 dollar price tag is fair, especially considering how much Apple would charge you. In all, a pretty good place to get a quick iPhone fix for a decent price. But the integrity is pretty low if they are paying for good reviews instead of actually providing amazing service and great prices.
5	I recently got a new blackberry phone that needed to be unlocked because it was a different carrier than ATT. I was looking around for a good cheap place to unlock my phone, and was referred to check this place out. It was pretty awesome! The place is sort of hidden, but its really easy to find!Iphone repair plus not only just exclusively fixes iphones, they literally repair all sorts of phones. I looked at the prices of all the other repairs that they do, and theyre all really affordable!Service is friendly, and they were able to get a code for my phone and unlock it in less than 30 minutes! It was awesome. Definitely a place for me to come back to.
5	Desert Wireless saved the day!!   TWICE.  I frequently come to Vegas on vacay and somehow something always manages to happen to my phone...(Viva Las Vegas!) .....and always at the worst time.  This was the only place I could find closeby open at that day and time. (with a reasonable price).  They were so helpful and FAST.  Both times, they quickly fixed my phone.....no muss-no fuss.  The price was the best quoted of 4 places I called, and they didn't waste my time trying to sell me other products or find more things to charge me for.  They are very understanding on how stressful it can be to have a broken phone especially when you're not in your hometown.  PLUS they really know their stuff.  It's so refreshing to get help from TRULY tech-savvy and knowledgeable guys (not sales people).  I've referred my friends that come to town and they always leave happy.....distressed Vegas goers having no idea where to go when their phone drops in the pool, screen cracks, contacts are lost, etc. almost ruining their special event in Vegas...Look for Wookie and his guys to do their magic and all is well again.  THANK YOU DESERT WIRELESSSSSS!!!
1	Because I read so many excellent reviews, I brought my iphone to them almost two months ago for a common repair. I still do not have it back. Every time I call to follow up, I am told that I will be notified once the repair is finished. I have been told that my repairs will be complete in 2 - 3 days every week for more than a month, even though my repair is a common one (actually, they returned my phone previously, but it was not tested after the repair, so I had to send it back to be fixed a second time). They have had my phone for seven weeks since I sent it back to them the second time. I hope that my experience is an unusual one, and I would be pleased to follow up with a positive rating if my phone is actually repaired or replaced soon. Just last week I was promised a replacement, but they have yet to provide the tracking or serial number so that I can verify that it is the correct unit and actually en route. In the meantime, I would caution prospective customers. I have been without my phone for several weeks now, and to be told not to bother them - and that they will contact me once the phone is fixed (at some indefinite point in the future) has been very difficult. I want to support this business but they are letting me down :(
3	Fast and inexpensive repair of my iPhone 3GS. (I went early in the day before they got busy.) Disappointed that the replacement glass does not appear to meet OEM specs. The home button feels sunken in and the glass comes up higher than it should around the edges. There is a small, but noticeable gap at the top of the phone where the glass and back casing meet. The repair fit my budget, but the glass didn't fit the phone. Knowing what I know, I still would have used Desert Wireless for the repair as it was inexpensive and my phone works again. I had the reapair done about a month ago, so as far as longevity, the parts used seem to be reliable.
3	(They would have one extra star but due to telling me one price and charging another. )I did have to wait but it wasn't that long. Since i am always on you-tube learning how to do my owe projects. During one of my trial & error project- I crashed my iPhone as well as some other stuff. After trying to fix it for 2 days I decided to take it to the pros. They were able to resolve my problems/issues with my phone. Hey with my 500 questions I had I was also able to get info about which applications to use and not use on cydia.
4	I think I'll learn to like this place. Was charged $10 more than what I was quoted but it's waaaaay cheaper than any other place I've been too. They did a good job as well. Didnt think a iPhone that took a swim in a glass of coke could be saved but they did it! Would have gotten 5 stars if it weren't for the little issue with the price issue, but still, head over here for all your iPhone needs!
5	Went to Desert Wireless and the staff there was great. If you need to get your phone fix (crack screen, unlocking etc...) this is the place to do it. They ate fast and very friendly.
3	Find a Groupon for iphone screen replacement in Vegas, AND realize you'll be there a week later anyway? SCOREHad these guys replace the screen on my busted 3GS using a $15 groupon. This was a great deal to me since anywhere in LA is likely $50-60. I was pleased with the service, which took about 45 minutes. I had a pretty solid hangover so I just hung out on the leather couches in the waiting area and didn't say much. They were busy but did a good job managing the flow of customers, and seemed to move through the queue quickly and efficiently. I kinda got the feeling that they would wheel & deal with customers (like asking someone if they got quoted on the phone, or coming up with a new quote depending on who was asking), but I generally get that somewhat slimy feeling from most independent cell phone shops anyway. Since I had a Groupon I didn't have to deal with that issue.
5	I had a Groupon code to get my iPhone screen replaced. I was in and out of this place well within half an hour and my iPhone screens looks brand new again! I will definitely return here, even without a Groupon discount :)
5	I too took advantage of the $15 Groupon for my iPhone 3GS. The staff was very friendly, and did a perfect job repairing my cracked glass. My Groupon wasn't valid until the following day, and they were kind enough to honor it a day too soon- much appreciated! They do take their time to get it right. So, don't expect a 5 minute job, but do expect to be pleased! I would absolutely recommend their service to friends or family! Thanks a bunch Desert Wireless!
5	I can't say enough good things about these guys. They quoted me a price over the phone to replace the cracked screen on my wife's iPad2 and said it would take an hour or so. On my way to pick it up, they called me and said it would not be ready because they ran into a problem. I thought here we go, I paid cash up front and now they got me. As it turned out, there was an unforseen problem during the repair and the iPad ended up fried. Without batting an eyelid, they replaced the iPad with a new one. And even came in on Sunday so I could pick it up. If I ever need a service that Desert Wireless provides, there is no doubt I will be there. These guys "Do the right thing"
5	Dropped my brand new ipad 2 the first week I got it!! Luckily when I was in vegas for the weekend I yelped iPad repair and found Desert Wireless iPhone Repair. When I made it home from the trip I sent my iPad through USPS with a tracking number. They fixed it right away and sent it right back. Im very satisfied with the work they have done for me. My iPad looks brand new again! They really know what they are doing there. I will be sending another iPad which my friend own due to the quality service!
1	I took in my iPhone which had gotten wet. They told me it was not recoverable but offered me $50 for parts. Later that day a lady called me, using my phone, to tell me she bought it for $100 and it still had all of my data and info!
5	Every time I come I get a great service! From my HTC to my LG G2x which was purchased from you, and then fixed after i broke the screen lol. Thanks for everything guys!
1	A good friend of mine went to this store to get her iPhone unlocked... low and behold she bought a factory unlocked iPhone and she didn't realize it.  Instead of letting her know that the phone was already unlocked they decided to charge her 45 dollars and all they wrote on the paper was "google how to install apps".  So she paid 45 dollars for this guy to write that on the paper.  she told me to write this for her since she's not that computer savvy.  So if you don't know much about cell phones they will try to take advantage of you. so be careful.
5	Shattered my iPhone 3GS screen. They replaced it quickly, and for only $30. Good as new!!
1	Every step of the way my experience was painful!  Customer service sucks, they did not call me back when they said they would, my battery bubbled and I was told "it happens."  I was told by the owner that he "guaranteed" the LCD was the issue for my white screen when I didn't think it was (due to it coming back on sometimes).  Then when they replaced the LCD and there was NO display, not even the white screen it sucked to be me.  Guess I should have gotten a money back guarantee.  I didn't pay anything for the replacement of the screen, except for all the weeks of wasted time (yes the LCD was on back order, I found out when I had to call them after they said they would call me in 3 days and I got nothing.  Maybe this place works great for iPhone customers, but I will never go here again!  Strongly DO NOT recommend.  I usually support local businesses, but I don't like how the price changed every week.  Beware.
5	Came in with an iPhone 4 cracked screen and left with a replaced screen and got my phone color changed black to white, and with a screen protector thrown in.  Bon did a great job and Wookie (the manager?) made sure I was taken care of.  Pretty good prices compared to other shops and very friendly/welcoming place!
5	Visiting Vegas from Brooklyn and these guys quoted me HALF of what I've been quoted in NY to fix my cracked mytouch 4G phone screen. It was a no-brainer. Went there right away and they fixed it in 35 minutes. Now I can instagram like a pro. Woot!
5	They are awesome! Had my phone done in an hour! Great price too!
1	I purchased a groupon coupon for $40.00 that should had cover my screen repair on my IPhone 4S. But not so once you get there, they charged me an extra $35.00 on top the $40.00 already paid with groupon. The parts were not apple original parts, so my display is not so clear. I'm very unhappy with the repair.As per apple they are using aftermarket parts and the screen has a Chinese symbol that you can see when cleaning.The bottom part is that you will pay their regular price anyway but you won't get original part as they quoted me.
5	iPhone repair pros...good prices and quick turnout.
2	Found them online. I was told that it would take 30 mins to fix my iPhone 4 screen, but when I went into the place, they told me an hour. Not a big deal really. An hour and ten minutes later, I went to go pick up my phone, and I was told it was still being worked on, and to give them 20 more minutes, which I did. An hour after I was told to give them 20 more minutes, I was called up to inspect my phone and pay. Their credit card machine was down (apparently it always is) so I had to walk down the street to the ATM to get the money.  Price to fix my phone screen was 65 dollars, not too bad. If you're able to sacrifice price for terrible customer service, then this is the place for you. As for me, I'm not sure I'll he returning to this place.
5	This place was a little hard to find at first.  They are on the second floor in an office park.  Once I found them, they repaired my iPhone 4 speaker in about twenty minutes.  They were polite, and honored the quote I received over the phone.  I have quite a few Apple products and will definitely use them again if I have any other issues.
5	So I had a broken iPhone 3GS sitting in my backpack for the last 3 or 4 months.  Daughter's phone, used mostly as an Ipod Touch instead of a phone, so it wasn't really a big deal how long it sat in the bag.  However, I finally decided today was the day to get it fixed.  I did a search for "Vegas Iphone Repair" and found a Yelp review of another company nearer to my home.  The first reviews were great, but towards the end of the page, they didn't look so hot.One of the reviews stated they got screwed by this other company as the guy didn't know how to fix it.  The customer ended up going to Desert Wireless.  I looked up DW and they were just down the street from the Strip where I work.  I called them up and got a price and time ($30 to replace glass and 15 minutes).  They even had a coupon on their Yelp page for $5 off of service.By the time I got down there, there was a bit of a line.  The tech's were quick to get to me and stated at first, 50 minutes.  As I filled out paper work and showed coupon, it suddenly became 15 minutes, which was great! I took a seat and hung out.  About 15 minutes later, there was the iPhone with a perfect screen.  Yay!  I also picked up two cases for the other 3GS' I have and they even used the $5 off coupon for them (so instead of $10 each they were $7.50 each!)All was good as I walked away.  When I got in the car, I found that silicone had leaked out into the screen (a little piece, like fabric).  I immediately walked back up to the store and showed the tech who'd repaired it.  He said no problem, took 5 minutes and fixed it right up.  Looks and works great!Thanks Desert Wireless!(Notes: They are on second floor in a relatively unmarked two story office building.  They are basically on the far NE corner of the complex looking at it from the street. Once inside the building, its easy to see them as they have a lot of signage on their windows)
5	My Iphone screen was cracked and the tech guy at my job recommended them.  I was happy to not deal with the Genius Bar and making appointments and being able to do a walk in at lunch was very helpful.  They had it fixed while I waited. They were professional and quick which is what I really want.  Plus the price is great.
5	I bought my iPhone in with a cracked back and front to Desert Wireless. Not only were they extremely helpful but they had my phone done in less then an hour.  It cost me less then $100, which is less then I have ever paid.  Amazing selection on colors and cases in the store as well! Definitely will be going back if I ever have another problem with my phone!
1	I brought my phone to this repair service and was under the assumption they were worth their word when they stated LIFETIME WARRANTY on their repair. I paid them and took home the phone only for it to do the same thing and not turn on within a weeks time. They elected not to give a refund or fix it again but asked me to bring it back in. When I called one day from the next they seemed confused and didn't know who I was and then blurted out that they couldn't figure it out and that the phone was fried now? I asked if I could have my money returned since LIFETIME WARRANTY and they refused and were making me feel ripped off for ever bringing my phone to them. At first I was happy to get the phone back and then a week it did the same thing. They went on to say that it's a different problem to get out of the warranty. I would not recommend any service repair that doesn't honor their word with a warranty.
5	I love this Place. (a little hard to find)The service here is outstanding and the staff is very friendly.I would like to express how cheap they provide their services. I mean really, it is so cheap I would recommend this place to anybody with smart phone issues.I had 2 cracked screens and I was in and out within 15 minutes.check it out!  :)UPDATE 3/22/13You can never truly base a 5 star rating off 1 visit. Thus I came back yesterday. Danny is such a sweetheart. Super informative. I mean I had just gone to Wireless toys and they told me that I had to factory unlock the iPhone 5. I had already done that. (Wireless toys was trying to gank me)I am super glad I came once again to wireless toys they are very efficient and know their stuff. This is my go to place for repairs! I wish I could give them more stars.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------8/52014Update as I am always messing up my phone, I came in today and of course because I am here so often the manager recognized me. I was talking to Bao telling him what was wrong with my phone. Wookie comes up and says don't worry Ill take care of your phone. At that moment I wanted to applaud him however didn't want to make a scene. I came back a few hours later and wala..... My phone was charging again! Thanks Wookie!This place is the best I appreciate it.
5	Brought my iPhone 3GS in yesterday for a new battery because the charge wasn't lasting very long.  Got it replaced for $35 (after coupon), however I was told to let the new battery die out all the way before fully charging it again in order to make it last the longest.  Unfortunately, once it died, I was unable to charge it at all.  I went in the next day for another battery replacement, waited an hour or so, and was told that the new battery wasn't taking and that the charging port had to be replaced as well.  I was dreading another $50 "upcharge" (no pun intended) for this extra service, but he replaced it for me for free.  That's a good guy.
1	Had some problem with my iPhone, called in the these"amazing, life saving guys", got the quote and rushed to their office just to find out that I'll be charge 30 bucks more!Not such a big issue, but I saw that it wasn't just me, most of the customers were a "little bit" confused about the prices being changed.Felt like they're playing catch the big fish.Now about the technical detailsThe screen on my iPhone 4 is a little bit elevated from the frame(there's a gap between) and the feeling when scrolling it's not even close to the original, though the guys told me they're working only with original parts!When they removed the cracked screen they must have touched something because right now the I hear the people (when talking on the phone,) very poor and the sound is "cracked like", also the sensor that is actually shutting the screen off when you're talking on the phone is not working at all!I asked them on the phone why there is the gap and they didn't know what to tell me!I asked them why the phone is not turning off when is close to my ear and they told me that's a different story and they can repair it for me for another $50!my question is why they didn't check the phone is working properly while they still had it?They're advertising working with genuine Apple parts, but it's just a lie to bring people in!Another thing is they will charge you extra if you want the device fixed straight away, if you don't want to leave your phone in there for 3-4 hours!They're advertising "life-time warranty", but I didn't get the replacement when I told them about my problem, they wanted to charge me " just for the labor", like $30 something!Was it my fault their "original Apple" screen didn't fit perfectly on my phone?I don't think so!So, make sure you're asking the right questions when you're calling these guys and ask even more questions when you're handing the phone to them and after make sure the phone is working as it used to prior to the repair!Hope this will help someone not falling in a little "scam" repair!P.S.Since I saw 2 other customers unsatisfied while I was in their office, I guess these reviews are written down by the staff in there(or maybe their relatives)?
3	It took 6 hours to repair, but decent prices.
1	They ripped off my grandson. His phone worked one week and they wouldn't honor the warranty. Their excuse was it's a new problem? But anyways told us to come back and leave it with them, (Waste of gas and time) then told us the phone was fried??? We took it to cricket and the lady found the problem in one second. it was not fried and actually was just a loose charging port that was faulty. She tested it before our eyes. If only Desert wireless could figure that no brainer out? Regardless we got ripped off. Lied to about this lifetime warranty on their work and learned we won't be doing business with this shady guy wookie or woody. Whatever his name is. Obviously reading the reviews. They are paying people to write good reviews on here and paying them for it. Sounds about right. I wouldn't doubt that a bit. This is one shady guy.
5	Brought iPhone in there for a audio IC problem. This is a motherboard problem so had to be sent out. They initially told me 7-10 days however it took a little longer. So without asking they discounted the repair for me!:) would recommend them to others.
5	This place is in the shadiest location, but you're dumb if you let it detour you. I took in my iPhone 3GS with a shattered screen, quoted the price they have up on their website, and picked it up good as new in 90 minutes. I left this place with that "this could have been a really stupid move" feeling, but I don't regret it at all. Quit using that shattered phone, go have Desert fix it for cheap!
3	I picked up my replaced screen android and the only thing is that the bottom part doesn't allow me to screen touch. It was fine cracked and working but the truth is that I let my 2-year old daughter play with my phone so risking cutting herself was not an option. It has been difficult scheduling a time to go to Desert Wireless because of work and watching my daughter. I've been told that once they fix it, anything else that happens isn't their fault. I get it, but this place isn't close to where I live and scheduling to go back would be too inconvenient. I appreciate the work they did on my phone, but I was hoping it went perfect.
5	Place is really reasonably with price and the work they do on repairs. Brung in a iPhone 3GS with a messed up charger port and a iPhone 4 with a cracked screen/glass. Paid roughly 80 bucks for both. Got both of them in a timely manner. Pretty much in and out of their shop within 30 minutes. And the guys are really professional as well. Both my 3GS and iPhone 4 working flawlessly.
5	Fast service, decent prices, good service.
5	Every time I have a problem with my cell phone, Desert Wireless is the first place I call. Whether it's to jailbreak my phone or repair my broken screen, they've always been very helpful and fast to fix the problem. Wookie is normally who I work with, but all the staff here are nice, professional and knowledgeable. They also have a great selection of cases and screen covers/backings to pimp up your phone. Definitely go here for all your phone needs.
4	Good service and friendly staff. My girlfriend took my laptop here when it crashed. I got it back running faster then ever and with newer software. They even gave me a better battery that runs longer. I will be coming back here for sure
5	Friendly, quick, and the best prices in town!
5	So...Im in Mexico and dropped my phone into a bucket of beers....Don't say it, I already know!! Come back to Las Vegas figuring I will be spending $500 for a new IPhone. While checking and cringing at the prices, I came across the boys at DW. Not only did they do what I thought was impossible, they did it for an amazing price...the same day!!! Break it, dunk it, whatever, they most likely can fix it!! THanks Wookie and Danny...you guys rock!!!
5	This was not my first time cracking my iPhone screen (I'm super clumsy) and every time I get it fixed, I end up spending a fortune and or getting ripped off. I use my phone every minute of the day, so cracking it again was a big deal; especially since every time I swiped my finger across the screen, pieces of glass would fall out. At first, I was going to wait and save money for the iPhone 5s, but my friend told me about "Desert Wireless" and all the good deals they had! At first I was hesitant because Desert Wireless was far from where I lived, but I couldn't resist after reading all the great Yelp reviews. I compared Desert Wireless to other mobile phone repair places, and Desert Wireless had more reviews/better ratings which convinced me that I had to get my iPhone fixed here. Moreover, there was a voucher redeemable for $55 and a free case if I checked in. In addition, their hours are great (from 9 or 10 AM to 7 PM) and they responded to my question regarding about prices through text out of BUSINESS HOURS.Not only did the ratings/reviews from Yelp convince me, but many of my friends told me Desert Wireless truly gives the best deals. Once I got my iPhone fixed for super cheap at a sketchy place and they screwed up the internal board of my phone (obviously they don't know how to fix it). The next time I went to get it fixed at another iPhone repair place but had to pay more than $100+ because supposedly it was a "good quality glass." Finally, my friends told me about Desert Wireless and indeed I got the best deal. I paid less than $60 and it only took ~30 minutes (it seemed busy that day). Desert Wireless is on the second floor in a business complex building, on the Northeast corner, and it was easy for me to distinguish their store because they have many signs on their window. When I got there, there were 3 people ahead of me but the techs helped me out just when I walked through the door. After filling out some paperwork, I waited in the lounge area and noticed that they had a lot of other services regarding about phone (like changing the colors of the front or back) as well as various iPhone cases for sale. When the tech was done, my iPhone was in perfect condition again and since I "checked in" on Yelp I got a free iPhone case!I definitely recommend this to anyone and everyone! Desert Wireless has great customer service and gives the best deals in town!!! :DTHIS IS TRULY AS GOOD AS IT GETS!
4	I am a fan. They quickly told me that my very old iPod would cost about $80 to order and replace to logic board, and that that may only help identify further problems. He spoke my language with tech equipment and agreed that it really isn't worth fixing. He was honest with me rather than shamelessly make my money. For that, I would recommend that anyone go there.
5	i freaking love this place! my phone broke, and they fixed it like nothing happened! i will definitely go to them when there is a problem with my phone again. thank you!
2	I must say, i went to the place with a good out look as it had positive reviews on yelp. To my disappointment, the young Asian lady who assisted me at the store provided very POOR/RUDE customer service from the start.1.  My daughter was informed to change the broken screen of  iPhone was $50 over the phone, but she asked $59 when i went into the store.  2. She informed me it will take an hour to replace the screen till i mentioned that I have a Yelp deal purchase of $35 then she said it will take 2 hours rather than 1 hour.  So her logic is - you don't pay full price you have to wait longer.  WRONG business practice.  However, the manager over heard my unpleasant dialog with the counter service clerk, he replaced my broken glass in less than 10 minutes and apologized for her inappropriate conduct.  At least, the place had a professional manager.   She definitely is not an asset to the Desert Wireless IPhone Repair.
5	I am extremely pleased. Wookie the owner, replaced the charger port in my Galaxy S phone quickly and professionally. I would definitely recommend Desert Wireless iPhone repair to others.
5	Best prices around , i looked everywhere to get my iphone scree fixed allmwas loke $80 , found here with a yelp coupon $35 same day , cool people work there helpfull
5	my daughter dropped her phone in the ice chest and fried the battery.  Tony at desert wireless came through for me big time and saved the day.  He had the phone fixed by the next day.  The price was reasonable too.  Thanks, tony.bear c.
5	The shop is hidden away in the corner of a shady office complex, but don't let that dissuade you!! I got a very reasonable quote to fix my shattered iPhone 4 within minutes of being there. They said it would take an hour to fix, and they even beat the clock. The staff know what they are talking about and are very friendly while taking care of any concerns you might have. Overall this was the easiest "iFix" experience I have had so far. If any more arise, I know where I'm headed, and you should too!
5	Other places were charging $80 plus to fix my shattered phone. I came here and received a deal for $35 coupon for a $55 repair and a free iPhone case. It took a hour to fix, but for the low cost of $35. What a deal! Two thumbs up.
3	Took an iphone 4s in to get front and back glass fixed.  They did it very quick and it seemed to work very well.  After leaving we noticed a haze around the screen. Just a pain to have to drive another 20 miles back to fix it. overall it was fixed very well,The second time. What I didn't include in the first review was how knowledgeable and friendly the staff was.
5	Desert Wireless was awesome! They were the cheapest, fastest, iphone screen repair in the city! They were also very nice. I would definitey go back ;)
5	awesome repair guys. we dropped the phone offf n picked it up! tadaaa it was fixed. yay! 5 stars oh and i bought theyelp deal si u saved some $$$ :)
5	LOVE this place. Got my cracked screen fixed in just about an hr (looks great I must add!!) it's a bit far from where I live, but all the places just around me are pretty pricey compared to this place. So cause I always check into places, got a free case for checkin into Desert Wireless!:) love it, like the staff they're nice n don't rush u when you want to look around. So thank u DW!
4	I dropped my iPhone 5 last night and badly cracked the screen.  I don't have AppleCare and am not eligible for a new phone at this time.  I made many phone calls this morning about getting my phone fixed and Desert Wireless was the least expensive for the iPhone 5 repair.  I was in and out of the store in less than 5 minutes with my phone fixed as good as new!  They were fair, fast and so courteous!  I would highly recommend them!
5	I was there on the 4th, to get my screen phone fix. But before I went in, I called and checked to see how much they will charge my phone, bcuz its cracked really bad (it's HTC Vivid), and they said its $49, and I was like REALLY!! THAT'S IT!? So I brought it in, but then the guy said it's  $65, $49 is for Iphone, I was shocked at the time, but eh! I rather get it fix, than complain like a bitch. i was feeling sad at first cuz my phone in the front is black, but all they have is white, but the guy was like if you want to be a lil different then get the white one, so I give it a try, after they done, it does look different, and I know I like it!, thanks guy!p.s: post roi do, duoc chua may anh ?!!
4	tell me where in las vegas can you get your iphone glass fixed for $35 and not eeven wait 30 minutes...its okay ill wait......yuppp didnt think so....this is my new hotspot! they were quick friendly and cheap..plus they give you a warranty which makes the deal even sweeter! one thing for sure and two things for certain...this is my baby ( my iphone) new primary care doctor lol....btw they had some suppperrrrrrr cute cases some of which incuded louis vutton designer and all types of other goodies! keep up the good work you guys! you rock!
5	No need to worry if you shatter the screen on your iPhone. These people have your back. I was in and out in less than an hour and the price was way cheap compare to other people.
5	I went into desert wireless yesterday and I had one of the greatest experiences. I cracked my phone's screen and apple said it was not repairable however they could replace it for $200. Looking on yelp I found this place and it was such a deal! They fixed my phone for $35! Plus gave me a free screen protector! They were super fast and my phone looks brand new! Thank you guys!! -Jessica
5	Surprisingly excellent.  I don't say that all too often, but I was very happy with the service and quality of repair here.Don't get me wrong, the complex this place is located in, well, it's a bit seedy.  But, this is Las Vegas, and the whole damned city is a bit... seedy.Repaired my screen for $55 (IOS 4s), and it's beautifully done.  They rushed the service, and were kind and helpful during the short process.  A+ for me.
5	I was a bit depressed when I dropped my iPhone 4S and picked it up and the LCD was white with lines.  I took it in to the Apple store to possibly get it fixed and they wanted $199 to replace the phone.  I'm eligible for an upgrade, but wanted to save it for the pending 5s. My friend had suggested this place when I told her about my phone.  She takes her boss's phone here and knows that other company phones are brought here as well.  I was super excited when I saw the Yelp deal as well as the exceptional reviews on this place.  For $35, you get a voucher for $55 worth of service.  $35 is a lot better than $199!  The store is located on the 2nd floor of the office building and it is in a rather sketch looking building, as other people have mentioned, but do not let this deter you from coming here! I was given a wait time of 45 minutes to an hour and was able to wait in the store.  They let you use their Wifi for free so I was able to use my iPad while waiting. I got in at 2:40PM and was done by 3:40! Since my service total was $51 and the voucher was for $55, I was given a free case. I would have been content with just my phone being fixed, but was even more impressed that they offered to give me a free case.I'm so glad that I was led to this place. My phone looks brand new and I am able to function again :) Thank you so much Desert Wireless!!!
4	I went in yesturday to get my samsung galaxy s3 screen fixed it was cracked. I read several reviews on other places and this one had by far the best reviews and proces. They charged $91 which was a lot cheaper than samsung service center which was $170. The place told me 90min when I came back it wasnt finished yet but that was ok since they seemed to be busy that day. They had a nice waiting area with a soda machine, TV, and comfortable sofas. Overall place was good!
5	This review is a little overdue, but here goes! A month ago I dropped my iPhone and the screen went blank. Came here to get it fixed. It took less than an hour and they only charged me $35 for the LCD repair with the promise to write a good review.
5	Wow! My phone looks great just a day after I smashed my iPhone 4S screen to pieces! It was super quick (about 30 minutes) and very affordable too. I would definitely recommend this business to friends.
5	I Hand ANOTHER STELLAR EXPERIENCE with them!  I used the $55.00 FOR $35.00 coupon on Yelp.  I got my son's cracked screen fixed on his IPHONE, and I had my new IPHONE unlocked for just $55.00 total!!!  The screen took 45 minutes ..and my unlocking took 24 hours..which is very cheap. A lot of people CAN take advantage If you when they know you need a iPhone unlocked!  So...yes I'm very..very happy!
5	My Samsung GS2 has a faulty charging port. I brought it in to Wookie and the guys at Desert Wireless on Saturday afternoon and they had me up and running by Tuesday.  With the $35 coupon from Yelp, I only ended up coming out of pocket about $50.  Well worth it for a phone that works well.  As a matter of fact, my wife's iPhone4 just went Black Screen on me, so I'm on my way to Desert Wireless right now!
3	I guess I didn't read the fine print when I purchased the $35 for $55 coupon at Desert Wireless, because when I took my phone in to get it repaired, they still charged me $8.00.  Which is OK. I still saved $7.00 by getting the screen replaced rather than going elsewhere. Next time I'll go elsewhere if it means being closer to home/work.
5	My girlfriend and I have both taken our iPhones to Desert Wireless and have had excellent service with which seemed like minimum wait times.  She had to have her glass replaced as it was accidently dropped and I switched servers from AT&T to Straight Talk.  They set my phone up (jailbroke, tethered for internet service, and set the settings so that I could use MMS) and had them replace the front and rear glass with an anidiozed blue.  Phone looks and works great.  I've read other company reviews and they claim to have to wait 2-3 DAYS, Desert Wireless had ours done each time within 2-3 HOURS, yes I said hours.THanks Desert Wireless,Keith Hinkle
5	Very fast, convenient, and helpful people. Had my iphone repaired because my screen was damaged and they fixed it within an hour. My phone was working like new!
5	Fast, friendly, great service.  I had a shattered iPhone screen and now my phone looks brand new! Desert Wireless is my new go to place for all future repairs! I have recommended them to my friends as well!
5	I looked all over town to try and find the cheapest place to fix my iPhone 4, because I have an upgrade in a few months and didn't want to spend a lot but my screen was cracked and it really irritated me. I found on yelp the desert wireless coupon where I spent $35 for $55 worth of repairs. The iPhone 4 screen was $50 to repair, and the people in there were so nice and genuine. Bon took care of me, and since I was the first customer of the day he threw in a complimentary button for my iPhone. I got to Desert Wireless at 9:10am, and was out of there by 9:45am. I was having trouble "checking in" from Yelp to receive my iPhone case, and they threw it in there for free without even checking in, and let me choose any one I wanted. I would recommend them to anybody, because of their friendly, helpful, quick staff. Thank you Desert Wireless, especially Bon and Carl!
1	Don't go there! They "fixed" my cracked iphone screen from its first big fall. A week and a half later my power buttone did not work!!! My phone was less than a yr old n I never had problems. I went in n talked to manager n he tried to charge me $45! I said no way fix it please. He wouldn't but finally said ok you have to wait 2hrs if i wasn't paying. I said fine. I came back 1 hr 40 min. They hadn't worked on it but guy said tech was finishing other phone n i was next. It would only be 15 min.  So manager made me wait that long cuz he did it for free. When i got there at 9:10am just when they opened... TERRIBLE TERRIBLE! So I go home n got my hair done. I go to take a picture n my camera button doesnt work!!! I am beyond livid with this bad place. Told all my friends to NOT go there...
5	Very pleased with the services that this place had to offer! My boyfriends lifeproof case failed over the weekend and we were bummed that it did. His brand new iphone 5 is only 2 months old. When we had gone to the Apple store and realized that we didnt have apple care the replacement would cost $229 before tax. Just 10 minutes before we purchased the replacement I had remembered a few of my girlfriends have gone to a repair shop, so I hurried and called and they got us in and had to keep our phone over night.We made sure that we would get the same phone we left behind. Tony (the water repair guy) made sure we were comfortable with leaving my boyfriends phone behind. Afternoon the next day we had gotten a phone call that it was repaired. It only cost $99 with no additional parts needed out the door. My most favorite part about this repair please is that you dont have to pay until repairs are completed and you are satisfied. They dont guarantee 100% but 90% is better then a 50%.As far as neighborhood posts about it being "sketchy" its by the UNLV campus in a business building. As if you were going to see a doctor or have a drug test. Its really NOT that bad. I give them 5 stars because of their efficiency, not rushing us, and definitely returning my boyfriends phone that he had left. Thank you guys!
4	Very friendly... Fixed my iphone 5 screen on the spot... Took almost an hour rather than 30 min as quoted, but that's still pretty good. Plus they offered me some free products!
5	I have never been so excited to rush home after a day of errands, to Yelp about a business in a loooong time!  This is truly as good as it gets :)If you know me, you know that I've been carrying around a very shattered phone for the past 3 months.  I kept saying, "it shows character."  Truth is, it was a hot mess of a phone!  I just couldn't see myself paying almost $100 to fix this phone.  That's why I was super excited when I was referred here from a friend who said it was only $50 to fix!  Driving up to this place, you WILL NOT be able to see a sign from the road.  It's on the North side of Tropicana as you hit the Tamarus St. lights.  It's in a big business center and located on the second floor in suite 226.  You'll know you're there because the windows are outlined with bright yellow/white words.  When you get in, there are nice comfortable seating area.  You'll see a big glass counter area to the left of the store as well.What I really liked from the beginning was the fact that each employee greeted me so nicely and so promptly.  It was a Polynesian guy named Bon.  Super cool cat!  He asked what I needed and brought over another associate to help me out.  She took my information and told me to come back in 45 minutes.  The total was $51.  WHAT A STEAL!!!45 minutes later, I came back and Carl, the technician came out and gave me a brand new looking phone!  It was beautiful!  LOL.  Btw, Carl was the nicest guy ever.  There customer service in general seemed to really be top notch!!!  If anything happens to your phone, please come check these guys out.  You will NOT be disappointed.  Be sure to do the two following things:  Tip them!  They do a fantastic job and deserve it!  Also, be sure to check into Yelp when you arrive.  There may be a treat involved!!
5	Getting any sort of water damage in your phone is never a good experience. Apple and the retailer both want $199 to replace it but no way was I willing to pay that up. Stumbled upon this place after a quick Google search of business near me and reading the reviews for it. They did not disappoint, took my phone for a drop in and was told it'd take 2 days. Seeing as how it just rained throughout the city, it seemed reasonable that they'd be a bit backed up so I left it with them and only two get a call the next day stating the phone was ready! Maybe it's a gimmick, but who cares I got my phone working for half of what apple wanted and in less time then I expected. Thanks Desert Wireless!
5	Great service! Got my daughters phone back earlier then they quoted and it works like a brand new phone! It hasn't left her hand... Literally. :)
5	Very fast repair for my sons iPhone and the price was right!  Will recommend to my family and friends! Thanks Tony!
5	You know what, I read all the reviews and bought the Yelp Deal, and YEP!! It was as great as it was!I dropped my phone and not only did my screen shatter, the picture went black. Because of this deal, I only spent $35 to fix everything, plus get a free screen film!! The guys there were very cool, just as all the reviews say...and I am more than pleased! Takes about an hour to fix, but you can easily hang around and watch a movie! I almost want to buy another deal right now incase I happen to drop my phone again. HahahThanks a lot guys! xo
5	This place seriously puts every other repair place to shame! So glad that I found them, they even hooked me up to write a review here, how cool is that! They are super friendly and there's even a nice seated area where you can wait, though I opted to come back later. I had a shattered phone, completely shattered, and it looked so ghetto, it even had a black piece showing. Anyways, I have no idea how they fixed it, but they did a great job!!! They saved me so much money and I am so thankful that I found them. If you want a reliable company who will repair your Iphone quickly and at a great price, definitely check them out. If you haven't, you are missing out!!
4	The front of my iPhone 4 has been breaking apart for over a year now, but I didn't want to spend the money at the Apple store to fix it. I live in CT and could never find an inexpensive place to fix the screen. I'm working at the Rio Casino for the WSOP this summer and decided to try yelping a place out in Vegas and POOF... I found this place. I got it fixed for $35 +tax and got a free case for my phone. I was out of there in 15 minutes. Oh and yes the building was kind of sketchy. I gave it four stars only for the location.
5	After dropping my iPhone on wooden floor at the restaurant, I panicked after seeing the shattered glass screen. Though my phone worked fine, the shards of glass poked my thumb. Luckily, our friend recommended Desert Wireless. Right at 5pm on a Sunday, Earl made a call to see if we can possibly swing by. Personnel mentioned it may take between half to 1.5 hr to fix. We dropped by anyways. Personnel started working on it right away. There are comfy sofas and video games (cost money), tvs for us to kill some time. Oh,and since i have the iPhone 4,it only cost $49.And with checking in onto my yelp app, I got a free case to protect my phone!
5	I'm glad I found this place! Such a friendly approachable people, very professional  and skilled people, especially, Bon! This guy was great! I was taken cared of him  in no time..I highly recommend this place for all your computers, wireless gadgets, software and hardware repairs and needs! Very professional and skilled people! Again, thank you, Bon!
5	Great location, great servers provide by Mai, thank you for the good deals. Definitely will come back!
5	Took my IPhone with a shattered glass to Desert Wireless upon recommendation from a friend who had been there a couple of times.   I was very pleased with Desert Wireless, easy to find & got the job done for a very reasonable price, within one hour.  They were all very pleasant, knowledgable & helpful.  They also have some very cool products for sale.  I will recommend Desert Wireless to any of my friends who need phone repairs.Thanks especially to Feliciano Andrade - he was super helpful!!!
5	Anthony was so helpful! I had a shattered iPhone screen that the staff at Desert Wireless fixed to perfection! There was a short wait for my phone, but it went by fast as Anthony provided me with a Notebook to surf the net on.  The waiting area is clean, air conditioned, and very comfortable. I highly recommend Desert Wireless for all your cellular needs. Ask for Anthony!
5	so at this point in my life consider myself family. no idea how i manage to break my phone once a month for the past 3 months straight(!!!) but i feel like i would be cheating on them if i went anywhere else. they take such good care of me and my poor abused iphone and they do a great job at a even better price!!! their whole staff is so friendly and the service is always fast....i always recommend them to people who break their phones..and i will be a customer for life.. thanks you guys!!!
5	So my laptop took a dive off my lap and onto the floor and as my luck usually is, the LCD shattered. I was in a panic because I use this particular laptop for work and my boss was going to likely come unglued at my unplanned vacation time. So, I called Desert. You will not be making a mistake if you do the same thing.I first spoke with the ultra polite, Tony. He was as helpful as he could be, but needed me to talk to the fabulous get-it-done, Carl. So, I did. And, boy was I lucky to have found these guys.I also needed another screen fixed (apparently I have a problem with this stuff), but it was just the glass and not the LCD. Spoke with Carl and he promised I'd have the broken LCD fixed by Wednesday (this was on a Sunday). I told him the second would just be a backup so no worries on getting that back at the same time. He told me that because I had two computers he'd give me a discount. Sweet!Dropped them off in great hands and got a call from Carl on Tuesday saying that it would be Thursday instead of Wednesday. Naturally I melted down. Carl was on it saying he'd fix everything and he did! I had BOTH laptops back on Thursday good as new!I love this place and am planning on taking all of my computers here!
5	I broke the screen on my iPhone 5 and searched the prices all around town. This place had the best price so naturally I decided to check them out (they were also open later than most repair shops). I was so happy when I walked in! Nice and clean environment, very friendly staff. Tony is the one who fixed my screen. Later to find out that I also broke the camera on my phone and bent the entire frame! Wow...I was expecting to have to pay way more than I did. I ended up buying a tempered glass screen cover and paid less than I would have to replace just the screen anywhere else. He treated me very well! All in all it was a great experience. Check this place out, you won't regret it :)
5	Let's just say I haven't exactly had the best of luck with phones. I've broken my fair share of iPhone screens through all the generations of their phones so I've tried many of the iPhone repairs in Vegas. After hearing some great things, I decided to give Desert Wireless a shot and I have to say they blow every other place out of the water. My phone looks like it did the day I bought it and I'm ecstatic. It's like having a shiny new toy. There were a couple things wrong with my phone too so rather than charging me full price on each fix, Danny cut me a great deal on my repair. Danny was the one taking care of my phone and was so helpful and friendly, but even the other staff I spoke with displayed the same wonderful customer service. They had all the repairs on my phone finished within two hours, which is amazing to me because the place I took my last break to kept my phone for three days! To top all of the already wonderful things about Desert Wireless, they gave me a phone case, a screen protector, and a cute little home button sticker all for FREE. You would be stupid not to take your phone, computer, tablet, etc here.
5	Although their location is a bit hidden, it's totally worth looking for. I went in for my shattered iPhone screen and was pleased with the result. Not only is my screen fixed but I received a nice screen protector and a cute sticker for my home button all for mentioning that I found them on yelp. The price I paid was a relief and will definitely come back the next time my phone takes a face plant to the pavement. :)
4	Great place. Got a used iPad from them. Great price and really good condition. Very pleased. Would definitely go there again.
5	This place is a hidden Jem! They gave the best service, couldn't ask for more! Great people and great quality! Can't hate on the prices either! Will definitely recommend this place to anyone!
5	You think it will never happen to you but then one day... BOOM! You drop your iPhone and behold the ugly shattered screen.  This literally happened to me today. I even had a phone case on it. UGH!I happened to be around the UNLV campus and found Desert Wireless listed as the closest repair place there.  Not only did they fix my phone in what felt like less than 20 minutes but I also received a free iPhone case and a screen protector. Theres a nice waiting area equipped with comfy black couches and a TV.Be sure to hold on to your receipt because if you find a glitch with the screen you can return it to be fixed within a certain amount of days.  Definitely recommend this place.  Customer service was friendly and sincere.
5	Took my moms phone to this guys place and the one lady said it would be 1 hour and when we got the phone back the phone was like new and done like promise. I will return. The owner let me take alot of his BUSSINESS CARDS to hand out and so I will make sure my friends and family go to him. He was very nice and awsome with me and  my mom. Thank you alot for fixing my moms phone. We will return.
5	I've definitely put my phone through a lot ! To the point where every time I dropped it more cracks and huge spider webs would appear. Even glass coming out. I went on yelp to help me find a good place with great service and deals. I went to one place before in china town but their was price was ridiculous (almost $80 for my iPhone 4) and service was boring. But then I came across this place. AMAZING! It was a little difficult to find this place because there weren't any signs but once I walk in I felt so welcomed. Mai helped me through my entire visit. She was so sweet and always smiled. She gave me a great deal ($49) to fix my cracked screen and since I checked in on yelp, I got a free iPhone case AND a screen protector!I think my visit was about 30-40 minutes long but it was totally worth it. My phone looks brand new :) Mai was such a wonderful help I'm definitely coming back to get my boyfriend's iPad screen fixed! Thank you Mai and to your wonderful team also!
5	my  phone is like brand  new now.  very good customer  service.  I  highly recommend
1	Ok. I'm having a real difficulty with this review. The guys there are really nice. However...I needed my phone unlocked. No biggie right? I was told NONE of my software or photos or videos would be affected because it was a only a hardware upgrade. So, I paid the $20 and they told me "take it home try to upload/back-up your data... Come back...& we will update everything for you".So I tried to upload everything to the cloud & I came back in 24 hrs.... Nope... Not unlocked??!!?? Seems nobody ever sent in my imei number (heard them whispering) oops.... So they then said they would have it done in 1 hr. Ok, no problem I thought. Nope....1 hour passed...2 hrs....3 hrs.... It took almost 5 more hours.... Now... Honestly, I was OK with that... Because my phone was still working. Then they took my phone and told me THEY BACKED-UP ALL MY DATA on their computers, "FRONT AND TECHS PC's"... which they said they did for "nice people", before updating my phone. I was thinking...AMAZING....AWESOME!!! Until....(cue horror music) the "Tech" called me up (after the update) since it was finally officially factory UNLOCKED! (YEAH)....  & then I saw the looks on their faces...and then... "hold on...excuse me...I'll be right back". I watched them walk back on forth. Connect my phone to the front PC... Then back to the Tech room. Then watch them having mini whispering conferences between the Techs while holding my phone, peering over at me. I was asked/told to give them an hour... (I still didn't know what was actually wrong) We left & went shopping, came back, sat down & waited another 1/2hr. Then was again asked to come back again in another hour. We did, went to eat, came back, sat down & again waited another 1/2hr. ~Then came the devastating news. They LOST...DELETED ALL MY DATA...My photos (500+)... My Wedding photos...My ONLY copy of my wedding video (Ladies... WE know how important this is...& guys... Imagine how your girl would react (spaz, cry, shriek, go postal) & feel if it was their ONLY copy??) WTF!!!! REALLY??? HOW?? They claimed they BACKED UP my data (on 2 PC & the cloud)... Just in case... They told me they would "SAVE IT AND PUT IT on a SD CARD... Or a flash drive..& I had NOTHING to worry about". But they DID NOT!!! They lost everything. My heart sank. My hopes crushed. My memories obliterated. ***BTW... I had been trying unsuccessfully to download it off my phone...so I was ECSTATIC and RELIEVED when they told me they would save it and put it on a SD CARD or flash drive for me!!!! ( just saying)~~Oh they were very nice. They were very apologetic. They even gave me my whole $20 back...and at least my phone is unlocked. :)However, I'm sorry I just can't recommend them... Because nothing went as promised, as guaranteed; Nothing, other than my phone being unlocked, which after all, was my objective. Nonetheless, NEVER MAKE A PROMISE...or GUARANTEE that nothing will be lost or deleted...or tell someone you have saved all their data...when you've actually deleted it from existence. It's just bad business...& will forever leave a sick pit in my stomach.  :(
5	super friendly staff, quick service very helpful when i told them i was going out of town and might needed it faster they said they would call me if they got done before the estimated time, the sure did im soooo happy i will def be coming back and sending my friends. mai surely hooked up too!!!
5	Visiting from SoCal and my screen cracks! Found them on yelp AND they had a $30 for $50 deal.  Yelp reviews were good so being in Vegas I thought I would gamble and my gamble paid off!! Phone looks brand new and all my features work! Took a little longer than what I would've liked but it was a Sunday on a long weekend.  Highly recommend. They saved my mini-vacation.
5	Ill give this place a big five stars since they help me fix my phone for a cheap price. Best phone repair service in town!  The owner toldme that they dont care about the money all they care is about the relationship. Iwill definitely suggest this place to my friends. And yeah i got a freecase and a free acreen protector . Thank you!
5	Fixed my iPad2 good as new worth every penny and they did it in the 3 hours
4	I toke my phone here because the day I got it I dropped it and it had a little crack on it that drove me kraZy, instead of looking at the little crack for the next year I decided to get it fixed. Searched yelp and this place seemed to have good prices everywhere else said over one hundred dollars. So I check the prices online and it said glass 6.99 and nothing listed on there price list was over 100 dollars so I toke it there a bit of a drive but prices seemed wroth it. When I got there the employee ( who was very nice) said 125 I was confused that was way more than any price listed on there website but since I already drive all the way there I decided to go through with it but I have to admit I felt like the website lied to me. So he quoted me 40 min I mentioned the yelp deal and be knocked off 20 bucks. I waited about 10-15 min and it was done . They offered me a free screen protector and installed it for me which was great! Four stars because employees where nice and service was fast , but I have no idea why the website lists completely different prices than they charged me .
1	Do not come here! Went here and received the worst service ever. They get you with that groupon only to have a shady guy look at your phone and lie to you about the damage it has to get more money out of you. I went to the apple store and they checked everything out and it was fine instead you guys tried to get more money out of money for no reason. Dishonest and no help at all. Go elsewhere and pay the extra $10 for quality service and honesty. Would not recommend to anyone unless they want a shady temporary fix.
5	These guys are always right on it. They are friendly, quick, and the best prices In town! Nacho helped me out and he did an amazing job!! If you need a screen replaced there's no need to look any further! They are the place to go!
5	The best place to go to get your phone fixed. They have the best customer service. Employees are all very nice and helpful. I really recommend this place!
5	Broke my iPhone 4S screen and they had it fixed in under a hour. Definitely recommend if you have any iPhone issues. Also, buy the yelp deal to save a few bucks.
1	I have been here a few times to fix the front glass on my Iphone 3 and 4. Although the staff is friendly and the service is usually quick, I do have an issue with this company. It is usually fairly easy to find a price or even a discount the company is offering for service but once you call or are in store ready for repairs, the price magically changes. I recently emailed the company inquiring about the price they have listed on their actual company website for the repair of glass on an Iphone5. Their own website states the repair is $6.99.  Nine days later I received the reply, "it not the right price we need to fix it" and nothing else. I then needed to ask what the actual price was only to find out its about $100 more than the website quote. I can get a brand new phone for $50 more than what they quoted me. I am extremely frustrated because out of the 3 times I have visited this store I have maybe paid the quoted price once. They offer free accessories and discounts for leaving positive reviews on Yelp... it seems bribery is very efficient. They are the masters of false advertising who I will no longer give my business to.
1	So here we go again. I truly thought that they couldn't fuck up a simple screen replacement on an itouch. WTF the screen sticks out on the edge. We can push it in and it just comes back out. But it's been weeks since they did the replacement...& life gets in the way...& they aren't exactly close to me or on the way to anyplace I usually go. So if I bring it in now... Who knows if they will accept responsibility for the shotty workmanship. I didn't wanna come back here after the messed up my iPhone and completely deleted ALL my info, pictures & Videos. Including all my WEDDING pics & videos. This is aggravating. I'm shocked at the incompetence.
5	The owner is so nice and helpful!  Fast, reliable service w a smile!  I can't recommend highly enough.
5	They where great fast service, nice customer service, also cheap repair, everyone was great and friendly.. Owner was friendly . If your phone is damage this is the place to fix it
5	Stopped by this place today after shattering my iPhone 5. 1st and foremost, these people give me great customer service. I was in a hurry because I needed to pick my son up from school. They made my service quick and courteous. The girl at the counter was very friendly. Wookie was very informative and witty. I'm all about supporting small business and when they have great service I feel compelled. Oh! And my cell phone looks brand new!
5	A few months ago, I cracked the front glass on my iPhone 5, after calling around to different repair shops, trying to use the insurance I pay monthly for and talking to apple directly, I found out that everyone wanted around $200 to fix my phone, which is extremely frustrating considering I paid $350 for the phone. I spoke with desert today, not only did they make time to see me today (even though it was close to closing) they beat everyone's price and gave me a great deal. Everyone was extremely professional, and I had my phone back in less than 30 min. Their service is highly recommended!
5	Great iPhone repair shop, excellent customer service. Received my phone within 10 minutes of dropping it off. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for iPhone repairs or accessories.
4	I dropped my phone and I just got it fixed today:) The employees were friendly and helpful. It was affordable and a decent waiting time.
5	Desert Wireless does not disappoint!! I've been to them twice - dropped my iphone 4s the first time and shattered the glass. Dropped my iphone 4s the second time and jacked up the lcd screen. Called around for quotes and they had the best price. Both visits they finished up in half the time they quoted me which was fantastic. They are very friendly and I would highly recommend to all of my friends and family for iphone repair needs!!
5	After dropping my phone on it's face, yet again, I found myself back in the company of Wookie at Desert Wireless iPhone Repair.  As friendly and efficient as I remembered, he took great care of me.  He offered to fix the top button on my phone as well as screen.  He told me it would be under an hour and even texted me on my iPad when it was finished!  Wookie is so nice and helpful.  I can't recommend highly enough.
5	My husband shattered my iPhone 5  I called them up a little before 6 pm, desperate to say the least . I asked if they could fix my phone tonight , cause I use it for business. He asked what color , I told him the color and he said to come on down.  I figured it would take half hour up to an hour to fix. But nope - when I got there , the man took my phone straight in the back , told me it would take 10 minutes ! You can imagine my excitement lol. This place rocks ! Great fast service. Love it.
5	These guys did a great job repairing my iphone!  They are located inside an office building, which I wasn't expecting.  Parking was extremely convenient plus they have comfy sofas with TV if you're thinking of just hanging out while they fix your phone.   Great job and excellent service!
5	Excellent  service!!!! I did research before I came here. I called lots of places...looked on yelp and they had the best price! $49 to fix my shattered screen. It was fast too, about 1 hour. When we came back the associate engaged in friendly conversation. He found out I was sending it to my little brother and he gave me a box and free screen protector! He was even nice enough to put it on for me, no bubbles! I will definitely be coming back If I ever have a problem with my phone. Thanks desert wireless!!
5	I've been here yesterday and received the best service from them. Thanks for fixing my phone
5	Great costumer service, very easy to get along with and very sociable. Did a wonderful job replacing the screen on my iphone 5. Highly recommend this repair shop
5	I came into this place yesterday and had called earlier asking about a cracked/digitizer on my iPod Touch and was told, as I could find, the cheapest price for the repair. Later walked in and was greeted promptly and was told it would be around a total of 90 minutes after filling out the necessary paper work. I returned later that day and payed for the repair and the iPod touch was working like it was brand new and got a sweet case as well. I will definitely recommend DWiR to any I come across. Thank's guys.
5	Shattered my iPhone 4 glass screen after 3 years of use. Took my phone to Desert Wireless and was very pleased. Danny was very friendly, service was excellent and took exactly as long as promised and price was reasonable. Highly recommend this place, they saved me +300!
5	SUPERB job fixing my insanely cracked screen! FANTASTIC customer service! VERY FRIENDLY! They even put on a free screen protector & gave me a free case :) Desert Wireless is the place to go to!! BIG THUMBS UP GUYS!!!
4	Dropped my iPad mini on its corner and cracked the screen pretty badly. Took two days to fix because they had to order the part. Otherwise it would have been a one day turn around time. Cost $130 plus tax to repair which was cheaper than any other place quoted me. Everywhere else ran at least $150 before tax. Results looked good as new and they hammered out the corner dent in the metal. Note: there isn't a student discount here. Someone uploaded a picture to this Yelp page advertising 20% off, but it's incorrect.
4	They fix my iphone screen in less than 20 min for 50 dollars, it works great now!With 30 days warranty, what else!
5	Great deal on repair for our broken iphone screen. It was fast and looks as good as new. Great customer service by Anthony. I would definitely recommend this place!
4	Fixed my cracked iPhone 5 screen in less than 15 minutes for $82 even.The groupon isn't valid for iPhone 5, even the one that reads $35 for $80 in repairs which was the whole reason I chose them in the first place... But since I was already there....I decided to use the yelp deal and saved $25 instead. It's $99 to fix the 5 screen but with tax and everything it was a little more.They gave me a case when I checked in, and didn't go through my phone like I read had happened to someone else in a different review. The man who fixed my phone very much encouraged me to leave a yelp review. Thanks for your help!
5	I was on my way to another company that had been referred to me to have broken glass on my 4s iPhone replaced.  I wondered if there was another repair place closer and found Desert Wireless on google.  I found them to be very professional, price competitive, and delivered as promised time wise while I attended an event in the area- happy all way around and will definitely refer to other Realtors and anyone with a similar need.  Thank you!
5	This place is absolutely amazing! I had a problem with my IPhone 5 and I needed it fixed right away. Found these guys on Yelp with some great reviews so I decided to take a chance and take it in. The location is very sketchy but that just makes it even better. I go in and I am taken care of right away. Tony worked on my phone for a while and had it done within 3 hours. Very professional business and I am extremely happy. I would recommend this place to everyone!
5	Awesome customer service!  My husband's phone had been dropped on 4 separate occasions and chunks of screen we're missing!  The phone was properly repaired in less than an hour and for an extremely reasonable price!  We are very satisfied and definitely recommend this place!
5	Deseret wireless has great costumer service and the repairs are speedy and great quality. I honestly would not go anywhere else. Their prices are Amazing too. I got my iPhone 4S cracked screen fixed for 53 dollars and everywhere else I looked and asked were no less than $85. I highly recommend
5	Desert Wireless has awesome customer service and they do fast, high quality work.  Strongly recommend them.
5	If you ever need your phone fixed I highly recommend giving Desert wireless a call. The staff are super friendly and their prices are cheaper than some other stores I called. They were really quick and with replacing the front glass on my iphone 4s, I was told 45 min - 1 hr and it only ended up taking 20-30 min. If there's ever anything wrong with your iphone, replacing it won't need to be your only option, give them a call and they might be able to fix it, saving you a couple hundred dollars.
5	Great quick fix on my iphone 5 screen! Cheapest option I could find! Excellent service!
4	Fixed my Samsung Galaxy S3 glass screen in a day. Good service from them.
5	When it comes to cell phone dilemmas it's hard to hedge the risk of trusting any cell phone repair company. Maybe the fear of it breaking afterwards again, or maybe the fear of ripping you off, but the fear of walking in is the same fear you feel when you have to get your car fixed from a mechanic. Thankfully, Dessert Wireless overcomes that stigma and instills trustworthiness and reliability. Something we seek in from a cell phone repair shop. They confirm it from their reviews! I initially dropped my phone and it final gave. Having used up my insurance, I decided to just go ahead a fix my phone with them. This is my second time coming to them, having replaced my iphone screen the first time and was satisfied with the service (I believe it was $60 back then). This time it was my Galaxy that needed mending. Mai was very helpful, honest, and professional. She notified me of the process, and told me before signing the form that the price would be $150 to replace the screen and the LED light. She then told me that they would confirm it with their tech engineer. Wookie fixed my phone and was very honest and fair, something that I hold to high value when seeking this kind of service. He told me of the problem and confirmed Mai's diagnosis, and then notified me that it would take 20 minutes. I was impressed by the service! Next day, the phone somehow crapped out on me not knowing why, and just after fixing it. I returned, and looked to Wookie to look at it. This was the part where I feared they might gyp me of the service and charge me again, but Wookie then explained that if it was the product they would replace and fix it free of charge, in which he did. Free and fair.All in all, in all my cell phone repairs, I would go to them. They are professional, honest, and fair. I know I could come to them to get a true value of what I pay for, and I highly respect them for it.
5	Amazing costumer service!!!! Gave me a great deal to fix my sons iPhone 4S. Phone looks and works great!
5	The best people in town for cell phone repairs . I can go for anything and they know what to do the customer service is excellent especially a young man called edson so helpful with everything and so friendly . They know what they are doing  love this  place will never go anywhere else for any type of cell phone repair I recommend all my friends and family to them ..
5	Excellent service, staff friendly and knowledgeable. Prices are very reasonable. Fixed my daughter's cracked iphone face in under an hour.  Thank you!!!
5	Friendly, fast, efficient and affordable. I had iPhone and iPad repaired. :) They know what they're doing. I'll go back to these guys for sure.
5	I took my daughter's phone here to repair/replace her shattered screen. Very impressed with the service we got! The phone looks brand new!
5	Great service and very accommodating! Guys were friendly and it helped my nerves since I just moved here to Vegas. They honored the great yelp deal no questions asked.
5	I've had to visit this place 3 times in the last 2 years.  Yes, same phone.  I know.   I'm a total mess.  Anyway,   The first time I came in I did not make an appointment, and they suggested that if I had to come back [knocked on wood] that I should.   So the 2nd time around, i called to make an appointment and they said that they didn't do that anymore.  So scratch the idea of making an appointment.  [Or maybe not... maybe they're all confused.. idk, but call and see what the wait time is at least, and maybe ask if they take appointments.]  I'm a ways from the place, so I like to know how much time I have to kill in the area.  The first time that I brought my phone in, it took about 45 minutes... the last time was even faster.  The in betweens I don't remember because I figured it would take from 30-an hour, but you can generally expect  about an hour wait.  They sell a bunch of accessories there too... Covers and chains and fun thangs...They usually have a deal floating around on the internet.  the first deal I got was on groupon,  then facebook, AND THEN YELP!  WOO HOO!  i believe it is.  It was 20.00 for a 59.00 service or something.  I should buy a couple... because for real- my screen is broken again.  I'll see you soon Desert Wireless.
1	Customer service was good at first. They got the line down quickly and pleasantly. Price was fixed at $99 to fix my screen, which became $107 after tax and everything. They fixed my screen and home button and everything came out great except it took them 2 hours, after they only estimated my wait time to be 30 minutes. Not even a month after I got the repairs, my phone lost cellular and wifi service completely and apple said that this is a common issue with people who have replaced their screens. They said that whoever fixed my screen did not relay all the wires back correctly. Because of this I had to buy a new iPhone on top of the cost that I had already paid to Desert Wireless for their terrible job. At first, I was excited and raving about this place until my later incident and I realized that the price that I paid for the repair wasn't worth the lazy job that was done. I do not recommend.
5	Had dropped my iPhone 5 and shattered the front glass and found this business online. The price is was lower than anyone else in town and were open on Sundays which no other store was. I had found them to be very helpful and they were able to fix my phone in less than 30 minutes... I couldn't be happier with the service I received...
5	Since my last review, I would say I came in here 3 to 4 different time with different issues and phones. I always seem to have more phones than what I could do with them. And I still do. I always have a primary and two phones as backups. More or less, just in case. Regardless of what is the cause, issue or whatever. The quality of there work, and the customer service are always fantastic when I come in. Compared to other stores, their prices are always competitive if not cheaper. And some stores always seem rude and pushy. Not this guys. All I know, is they got a customer for life or until I take the time learn how to fix my own phones. :)
3	Mixed feelings on this place. I called to see how long and how much to fix my cracked iPhone 5 screen. The guy said about 20-30 minutes and that it would be $90 (plus $5 off for the yelp deal and I could do the $30 for $55 if I bought it on yelp). Got there and he said I can't do both the deals and that now yelp was "updated" to have a $35 for $55 deal, even though mine didn't show that. I ended up paying $87 with tax and he said it would take 90 minutes!!! I was irritated by then but needed my screen fixed so I agreed and left. Went and and ran some errands with my mom and decided to just go back and sit and wait, even though it has only been about 40 minutes. As soon as I got there he gave me my phone right away...just had me wondering how long they would have had me waiting since I never got a phone call. Besides all of that, my phone looks great and brand new again!!
5	Dessert Wireless saved my phone!!!! I dropped it and screen popped off. I was like omg! I found them on google and drove over immediately. Greeted right when I walked in and they said no problem, like they had seen this crisis a 100 times before. They has my phone done in an hour! Yayay!!! Definitely recommend them!
5	Everyone here is so friendly. We are not from the area and needed the phone fixed ASAP after an incident happened that caused the LCD screen to not work. They were able to fix it in less than an hour and the price was very cheap. I recommend this place to everyone!!
4	they are fast and cheap with the yelp deal...ask for a screen protector they do it for u,,
5	These guys always give me good deals, friendly and very prompt with my equipment. Would recommend to anyone ! I've had to visit this place twice within a month, it's never too busy and my phone is always repaired before the time I am told it will be ready!
3	We brought my daughter's white samsung galaxy, the screen was busted. They asked if we wanted it black, and we replied no, ok, they said "we might have a white cover." The phone was fixed by the time agreed and we went on our way. When we got home the phone started to act weird and we had to go back to the store all the way from Henderson. They replaced the cover with a black one, but before we left we double checked the phone and it was not snapped into place properly! They fixed that and the phone works perfectly. My daughter was happy because she said all her friends would think she got a new phone. Double, triple check your phone before you walk out that place at $140 a pop you can't afford not to.
5	My wife took her Galaxy S3 phone out of her Otterbox case and dropped it face first on our garage floor. The screen was still useable, but shattered enough that it would cut your fingers. I started searching for a repair shop and after days of searching, I found Desert Wireless. I wanted the screen to be fixed before Valentines day so I took it in today. I filled out some paperwork and they said give us 90 minutes. I told them I would be back in a few hours. Got back to pick up my wife's phone and it looked like new! This place is great and I only had to pay $74 total with tax to have this replaced. Totally worth the money and recommend this place to anyone who has a broken phone.
5	These guys are THE BEST!!! Prompt and courteous service as always... I took my phone in yesterday to get my speaker repaired and it was fixed and working within 40mins... They were so nice, and their rates are reasonable and affordable. I highly recommend them... Thanks Desert Wireless... :)
5	This was the first time here. It is situated in a little office complex which we thought was kind of weird but decided to go anyway since they have good reviews. We were greeted right away. The girl behind the counter was really nice. She gave us a quote for the repair and told us it would be about 40 minutes. They have comfy couches in their waiting area so we sat down to wait. It only took about 20 minutes to repair her cracked screen and digitalizer. We were very pleased with the service we were given and the phone is like new again! We  recommend this place to anyone that needs a cell phone repair!
5	got my htc one sv screen fixed the first time by them. the wrong color part came in so they shot me a discount and gave me a free sd card. Less than a month later something happened where the screen had broken again. they said the crack was from pressure but regardless it was almost unusable and kept freaking out. they ordered a new screen friday and replaced it today (monday) for the price of just the part! standup guys who made one customer very happy. id recommend them to anyone needing screen repair
5	My post is behind because I just realized I never hit submit. Either way love these guys. Wookie was the best, got my LG Optimus up and running for me in two days. I actually broke my phone two days ago, so I'll be heading back over this week to see these guys.
5	I always search for the best customer service and the best deals. It isn't an easy task to find both. When I first found Desert Wireless, I knew I scored big time! I actually found both, one stop shopping! Because of the great customer service and the amazing deals I will always refer my friends and family to Desert
2	So, first off let me tell you, I am normally very generous with Yelp reviews and it takes a lot to piss me off, especially from a place as hyped up with good reviews, but this place reached the "im yelping because im upset" stage.I walk in there a few days ago from water damage to my phone (it wouldn't turn on, wouldn't do anything). Oh, and for those saying the place is hard to find, its really not. Its in the BIG building right after the pinball museum...go straight back and park anywhere in the back... as soon as you get to the back of the building...walk thru the entrance way and up the first flight of stairs or take the elevator and you are literally in front of the store. They quote me 3 days to fix it for water damage, moving in a couple of days I couldn't wait so was going to take it elsewhere (which ironically now I wish I did) but they said they would fit it in their schedule and I could pick it up that night. $85 later, I return to get my phone and yay its fixed! $85 later but still (mind you also, being an avid yelper I knew they had deals but I have no printer or working phone to be able to print of show proof of purchase if I bought one). So I just paid full price, at least it worked. The next few days I had SEVERAL problems with my sound not working...cant play music, cant listen to youtube or watch videos  of anything...I never had these problems before so I took my phone back to them. The guy working (who is very nice, I will say but I will get to that later) tells me that apparently fixing the sound wasn't part of what I paid for to begin with....huh?? So I paid to get my phone fixed, but that doesn't include fixing the sound issues?? That makes zero sense, I would assume if it had water damage all that would need replacing anyway, but he was nice enough to give me a discount so they can fix this. I go back pick up the phone, pay another $25 and leave once again assuming its fixed.So now, I finally go to use my phone for browsing purposes and once again, NO sound. I check the sensor at the top which he said is what needed to be replaced and its still pink...so wait, what did they fix on my phone then?? Now, I am going to have to go back for a third time, and waste most of my day once again phoneless while they try to fix it once again. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad if I wasn't moving in 2 days and don't have the time to keep going back and fourth not to mention I NEED my phone to do some stuff and I am hurting being without it all day. I can only imagine, if I would have let them take the 3 days for my phone originally, I wouldn't have had any time to notice or fix any other issues.I will however, out of fairness, tell you the good things about this business as well (which is why I gave them 2 stars and not 1)..The customer service is awesome. I was greeted promptly every time I entered. and  the prices are pretty reasonable (cheaper then getting a new phone, however I just wished I got what I paid for). You will get a working phone (just not 100%) anddd you don't lose anything off your phone! I wouldn't suggest going here if you are in a hurry or want thorough work done (maybe just quicker services or easy services like screen repairs).I really wanted to like you desert wireless,  but sorry the 3rd time I have to go back just doesn't do it for me. But then again, after all the good reviews, maybe I just caught them at a bad time? If I was staying in Vegas, I wouldn't be returning here for detailed work though.
5	Cracked screens, black screens, anything you need upgrade or cases. Great customer service and cheap. Will always come here!
5	Awesome place! I cracked my iPhone screen and needed it replaced and I stumbled upon desert wireless. They have awesome customer service and i only had to wait about 90 minutes for them to fix the screen! I looked at a few other places who wanted to charge 100-150 and they did it for half the price!
5	These guys are great!  My daughter has an iPhone and is also kind of clumsy (sorry, sweetie, but it's true.)  We've now taken her phone to Desert Wireless twice in 6 months.  They take really good care of us.  Most of the time they offer to fix it same day and offered us a discount since we're repeat customers. They do quick and high quality work. Highly recommend them!
4	I went in today for my lcd and screen repair,  only took them an hour. They were very pleasant except one who seemed kind of sarcastically rude. Anyways good service and super fair price! They charged me 199 + tax , for my samsung galaxy s4. I was so grateful I totally thought I'd have my phone repaired in a few days but it was just a few minutes and just on time for me to get to work.  I recommend this place, so far my co workers are taking down their numbers and address!
5	Repaired two iPhone 4S and an iPad. Had some issues but they were resolved without any problems whatsoever. Really professional guys and great customer service. Would definitely use them if the need ever arises and highly recommend. Ask for Wookie. He really assisted in resolving my issues and now I've got all of my devices working literally as good as they were when I first purchased them. Thanks a lot!
4	So I been going back and fourth about whether or not to update my old review to 3 or 4 stars but decided on 4 assuming the credit they gave me to use will be honored when I go to redeem it later this month (since I moved out of state they offered me a credit but said I could redeem it for my phone bill and they can take care of part of that which i think is awesome)...Right after I wrote the "unsatisfied" review I was on my way back to get my phone fixed again when the owner/manager Wookie reached out to me. He not only offered me credit for part of the purchase but they had it fixed within maybe 20 minutes. I'm still not sure if it was a part issue which could have happened or if the tech was unsure of the issue I was having but either way I have had no further issues with the phone and am more then thrilled at the customer service they gave me to resolve it. To make it even better, he actually even texted me a few days ago to check on the phone. I definitely give the customer service and resolution an A+ which would make it worth the time to go to again (if I lived in the area), It's good when business's strive to help the customers and take the time to listen (or read) issues. Thanks Desert Wireless!
5	This place was amazing! They did a great price and awesome job on fixing an iPhone screen. Best customer service!
5	This place got my phone repaired quickly and the customer service is exceptional! I will be using them for any future phone work.
5	They're excellent and the prices are great!They were recommended by that a guy that works at the AT&T store and he was right on target.  I looked them up on yelp after he mentioned them and they have wonderful reviews.Their customer service is great and the they're extremely fair in cost.  They are quick and efficient and love yelp reviewers!  They gave us a discount because of it.  Sorry it took me a little while to get the review up, but better late than never!I will definitely be going back and I will recommend them to others.I can't remember the cost, but we had 2 samsung screens repaired.  One looked like it was smashed with a hammer.... it was actually dropped from a 2 story roof on to the concrete.  Somehow the phone still worked but the screen was in pieces.Amazing, quick, and affordable service.  Thanks guys!
5	I shattered the glass on my Samsung Galaxy S 3 last week. I spent 2 days arguing with Sprint for an early upgrade to replace my phone. A friend suggested I just get the glass replaced cheaper than it would be to go to Sprint's repair shop. Upon reading the reviews for this shop, I decided to give them a try. Not only did they have the best prices in town, they were fast, very friendly and they were honest about the price. You don't find that often in Vegas! They didn't try to sell me anything, just simple honest service. I drove way across town for this and it was worth my time sitting in traffic! My phone looks great! Thanks Desert Wireless! I hope I don't break my phone again, but if I do, without a doubt, I'll be back =D
1	Where do I begin!! I dropped my phone in water and my "cousin in law"  recommended this place saying that they fixed his screen fast and they also fix water damage iPhones. So I go on a Friday morning, they said it'll take 2 days to check to see what they can do. They call me that Sunday and tell me it'll be $280 to fix! I was so happy! Great price for it, I agreed! They said it'll be 4 days. On the 4th day I wait all day for a call. When I notice that it's getting late so I call them and they tell me that there was nothing they can do that I can go get my phone. At this point I'm pissed because one could only assume that if that call and give you a quote is because they can fix it, right?! Silly me! I go rushing after work because I get out at 5 and they close at 6, to only be told that it was a misunderstanding and that their sending my phone to a specialist and they'll call me. I went there for absolutely nothing, which I had to pay my babysitter for an extra hour! Finally I call Sunday because once again NO CALL FROM THEM, and they tell me AGAIN, that it could not be fixed and I can get it after 4. I'm pissed because they had my phone for a total of 11 days!! They gave me the complete run-around!!! I could of gone somewhere else or gotten a new phone! Everyone there does not communicate they only called me ONCE! All the other time I had to call THEM! The only reasons why I didn't blow the fuck up when i went to pick up my phone was because (1) the lady helping was pregnant, (2) I had my daughter with me. If I can give them NO stars I would.****UPDATE*****Shortly after posting this review I was contacted by this establishment which offered me a free protective case for my iPhone for my inconvenience , well after 1 month of trying to get this "Free protective case" I just gave up. I should of known better this place is a piece of sh*t.
5	Danny opened the store this morning at 10am and he not only replaced my whole LCD but gave me a free screen protector and also honored the 35 for 55 deal from yelp. Told him I had work at 10:45 and Took him a total of 10 minutes and I was out the door! Got to work early. Great customer service and will be coming back for my gf's phone!
5	This place was great. Had awesome customer service and was a good deal. They even hooked it up for using yelp to find them, so mention yelp! It was super fast and they had comfy couches to wait on :) Definitely recommend them if your screen ever breaks.
5	I needed a new screen and battery for my iphone 4 and this place has the lowest price. It was fast, VERY affordable, and they even let me use my coupon even though i shouldnt have been able to. Great service. I highly recomend it
5	I just had my iPhone repaired at Desert Wireless.  20 minutes and it was up and running again. Mention the Yelp coupon and they'll honor it.  Basically you don't have to buy the coupon, but you'll pay them the same price as if you purchased the coupon. I thought it would take longer...NOT! One happy customer.... Thanks Wookie....You guys are awesome!!!
5	Great service and very fast turn around. I had the screen replaced on my iPhone 4 and it works great. I used a Groupon and when I presented it they did not try to up sale any other services. Highly recommended.
5	I went there to unlocked the iphone 5 I bought on craiglist...Craiglist was a bad idea.. Anyways , Wookie was very helpful and I think he was honest.he unlocked the phone and change it to Att so I can use it.  I have 6 months warranty.  I'll let you know if something goes wrong.  After I did that and brag about it to my co workers, they told me some horrible stories about desert wireless. I hope they were wrong.
5	Simply put, when you have a broken phone you want someone to calm and sooth the stress of it. The pricing and quick friendly service here did exactly that. Nacho even threw in a couple cases and screen protectors to sweeten the deal. Don't waste your time elsewhere. Make the drive (even if it's 20min out of the way) and get set up. Thank nacho, will recommend!
5	So glad I decided to come to this place AGAIN! I don't know why I still have crappy Best Buy insurance which still requires a large deductible to repair a cracked screen. This will now be my go to place for repairs for not only the best prices in town, but also for good service, honesty, and efficiency. 89 dollars to repair the screen in 5 minutes flat (granted that they don't have a waiting line). Just an FYI though, the yelp deal is not applicable on that repair. Thanks Nacho for all of the info and assistance!
3	I took it there once and they fixed the screen but it didn't respond to touch, I lived all the way across town and had to take it back.
5	Dropped my iPhone 5c last night and broke the glass :( but took my phone here to get it repaired and it only took 30mins!! Awesome place and great prices !
5	My sister referred me to them after they had fixed her phone a week ago. they were very quick. They fixed my iphone 4 screen with a damaged LCD in within 10-15 minutes. Staff was very helpful. $30 for a new screen. Thank you!
4	Greeted quickly by the staff.  professional and knowledgeable about their services.  Fast too.  The replaced the iphone 5 glass in an hour.  They checked out the phone prior to giving it back to me, too.
5	These guys did an excellent job! The screen on my iphone 4 was cracked very badly and they fixed it to look like new and gave me a free screen protector! all for $53 and in under 20 mins! great job
5	So I went on today to get my LCD screen fixed and they did a great job.  It took them about two hours.  I left and was very happy. My screen looks like new! They really cate about their customers needs ans arw truly there to help.  Thank you.  Will definitely recommend to anyone with need of a phone repair! Thank You
5	I have gone to DW twice now for repairs to dropped and broken iPhones. Both times I got in and out in under 15 minutes. Both times the prices were great and the repairs were perfect. Very happy to have a quick and easy spot to fix something that I need and enjoy ! Who can life with out a phone these days ? I hope to not break another phone. But if I do. I will be a the 3peat customer ;) thanks for the great service DW.
5	I stumbled upon this place while browsing Groupon. They had a really good deal to repair a Iphone 4s . My Mom cracked her screen so I decided to go ahead and purchase the deal.  The location is in a office building location so I didn't really know what to expect when pulling up.    Once entering I we were greeted by "Anthony" . He was really friendly and quickly took a look at the device.  He took notes and when I questioned him about the offer for  a free screen protector if you check in on Yelp. He was Great! about getting all the info and writing down that placing that on was included. After getting all the info he went ahead and told us to get back in about 90 minutes.  Upon arriving to pick up the phone we were yet again greeted. The device was ready, he grabbed the invoice and the device and noticed the screen protector didn't get placed on without even having to be prompted by us. Which I found to be really nice that he was able to keep track of things. Once we got the phone back it was good as new! Overall I was really satisfied with the service and the location. It was really a comfy environment with a really nice VIBE!
5	I guess I went nearly 6 mos without cracking the screen on my iphone.  I use Yelp a lot and these guys have a lot of good/very good reviews.  I called them around 1pm on a Saturday, dropped it off at 2 and picked it up at 3.  I mentioned Yelp and their good reviews and he gave me $5 off.  I didnt want to have to use ANYONE but i cracked my screen and I gave these guys a shot.   I dont regret it at all.It went about as smoothly as it could have.
5	Got my phone fixed on a Sunday morning. Great, efficient service, and competitive pricing. Danny was super helpful. Thank you, Desert Wireless for pretty much saving my life!
5	Shattered my screen and these guys took care of it in one short hour and for a great price.
5	Awesome guys, quick, friendly service. It's also in a very convenient area to kill an hour while they do the cheap iPhone screen fix!
5	Service is . I got a great deal and Woogie was exceptionally nice. I love my brand new iphone screen!
5	Great fast service! Good prices. Got everything that was promised. iPhone 5 screen was cracked and the LCD was damaged. Edison helped us out a lot on the phone and in person. The building is a bit hard to find but once you do, you will be satisfied.
5	These guys especially, Tony are awesome! My iPhone went swimming with me for at least 5 minutes.... i was lucky i called them right after upon which they said bring it down immediately! Bottom-line, they were able to retrieve all my pictures, videos etc....all my info!!!- even though the phone itself was toast then transferred it to my new phone!  Exeptional service and price! Very impressed with desert wireless! Will definitely use and recommend them for any future cell issues that my friends, family or myself have! Cheers!
5	Place is great! I lost my iphone 5s last night so had to go digging through my closet to find my old 4, the screen didn't even turn on! I brought it to these guys with no appointment and they got everything to 100 percent in the hour time frame that was promised.
5	They are very professional.  It was fare price, we got free cell phone case checked in at yelp.  You can choose discount or other deals, my daughter was very happy.
5	once i again i recieved great service from these guys i went to 3 place and d w was the lowest and always the better service thanks wook in the words of arnold lll be back
5	Very quick, and efficient. I would definetly come back. Tony and wooky are awesome :)
5	Took my iPad 2 here to get the screen repaired and was told it would take 1-2 days and it took only 1 day. Picked it up and got the iPad home and had problems. There was a delay in the iPad when opening apps and so I texted the owner and told him. The owner Wookie told me to take it back in to redo it. So I took it back today 6/24/2014 and now I'm just waiting for a call back to pick it up. Overall I like this place because I can trust them with my IPad. Thank you Wookie for helping me out.
4	Yes! I scored a Groupon to this place for my daughter's prehistoric ipod. Of course, I bought the wrong Groupon for the type of ipod that  needed repaired, but the nice gentleman honored the Groupon anyway. Service was fast and affordable, and the quality of the repair is great. I had asked on my Facebook for a repair place, and 20 people recommended Desert Wireless. I understand why. Thanks for the fast service! As much as I do not want to have to use you again, if one of my electronics is ever in need of glass repair, I will definitely be back!
2	Meh. Disappointed in the reviews this store has been given, to say the least. Over priced & service was neither here nor there. Had I not been short on time and desperate to get my screen fixed, I would have gone elsewhere! First and last time doing business with desert wireless.
5	This place was wonderful, I came in just before 6 on Friday, and was able to get out by 6:30 with a brand new screen for my 4s for a cool $38 with the Yelp deal (they honored the discount without having to purchase the deal). The waiting lobby was pretty comfortable, and there was free wifi so bring another device to make the wait a little less painful. The staff was great, very nice. Others mentioned getting a free case, or free screen cover- I didn't, but I'm sure had I asked they would have offered. I was way too excited to get my phone back at such a great price that I was already dancing out of the office. This place was a little difficult to find, but only because I'm a but of a skeptic. When maps tells you that it's on the Tropicana and N. Tamarus, trust it. Park on the eastern-most side, and take the stairs to the second floor. Good luck!
5	Wow! This place is fantastic! I shattered my iPhone 4s screen Saturday night and Monday it was fixed by desert wireless. I had bought a groupon that was $38 to fix my screen. It's fairly simple to find. I walked in and was greeted by wookie. I showed him my phone and groupon and he told me it would be ready by 6:45, I walked in about 5:30. I decided to stick around so I borrowed an iPad from the desert wireless team and waited in their comfy waiting room. Barely 30 minutes later at 6 my phone was ready to take home, they even threw in a screen protector because I mentioned yelp! This was such a quick and painless process. I will be recommending everyone I know to go here if they have phone repair needs! Thanks again for everything wookie!
1	What do they think they are, they very dishonest and I would never take my phones ever anymore to get it fixed in this dump. I took a phone to have the battery changed and they did. Charged my $75 Brought it home and found out they have not done anything. Very displeased with their service and I'll never go and see them again. I would NOT recommend anyone to do business with these crooks.
5	Had a great experience here. Great staff and fair prices to get my rear camera fixed. It was done a half hour earlier than promised which was great! Highly recommended to all.
5	This place is awesome! Got a groupon to fix my sons iphone. They were fast and professional. I will go here again for sure and recommend to my friends.
5	Called them right when they opened but it went to voice mail but only 15 minutes later they called me asking how they could help. Told them I had a cracked iPhone 5 case and they quoted me a very fair price. I show up and they helped me quickly fill out the paperwork and started fixing my phone for the same fair price they quoted over the phone. came back an hour later and it had already been fixed for awhile so I turned the phone back on with the brand new screen and everything connected and worked perfectly with nothing opened or snooped through. This place is definitely  somewhere I would suggest for my friends to get their phones fixed.
5	They popped my phone back into it's casing, within five minutes. They didn't charge me, either!
5	Easy and fast and cheapI've used them several times now.  Never any problems.
5	I called them first to see how much it would be to get my iPhone 4s front & back screen replaced. They quoted me $75 for the whole service which was a lot cheaper than the other places I've inquired. They were awesome! I got my phone back in less than 45 mins. It was so fast they had to wake me up from my nap. Looks like new! Works great. I even purchased a new blinged out case which they hooked me up with. Thank you so much! You guys made the whole experience painless! I will definitely return for all of my gadget needs & will let everyone I know about how amazing you guys are!!
4	This place is great! So much cheaper then getting my screen fixed at Apple and they had it ready in less than an hour! Definitely coming back here for any other issues! Fingers crossed my screen stays in tact this time:)
5	Was recommended by a friend and I am glad that I went. I was politely greeted and welcomed. I was able to talk to Bon about what happened to my cracked screen glass on my phone. He was friendly and clear in the type of service I was looking for. Bon explained the service he would be doing on my phone. He quoted me the price of service and the time he would be completed. There was no hidden fees or rates, just the tax that normally comes with services completed. When I came back with my phone he made sure that it was working properly and I was happy before paying. The store was very clean, the music was at a moderate noise level and he acknowledged anyone who came through the door or was leaving. I would recommend this business to anyone looking to get their phone fixed quickly, efficiently and with a smile.
5	I smashed my phone Saturday night the screen was cracked everywhere , I found this place online and saw it was affordable prices so I called them the next morning and they took me in and it took them an hour to fix my iphone screen !! Love this place .. And I recommend it to everyone if they want to save money !! Thanks :)
4	They fixed my broken screen in the time/price quoted. I would certainly go back
5	They fixed my iPhone 5s screen that I shattered a few days ago. The facility was nice, a bit busy so I recommend going first thing if you want to get it back in 30mins, mine took 90min. The staff was really nice and helpful and the service and speed was amazing.
5	Got my iPhone 5s screen replaced at Desert Wireless on Sunday for a really reasonable price.Toy help me, he was so nice...He check me in and repair it in less than 30 minutes.5 STARS for Desert Wireless for FAST AND FRIENDLY SERVICES...Wow thank you Desert Wireless :-)
1	After reading the reviews I decided to check here and see how much it would be to replace my screen. I did not really want to pay $90 considering its just the outside screen that is cracked and all other functions work properly.  So not 9nly is this place hard to find, I waited in the lobby for 5 - 8 minutes without being acknowledged as one guy was tinkering with a computer and the other employees were in the back doing god knows what. Then he tells me it would be $140 to fix the screen. Like are you serious? Id rather go to Fones gone wild which is just around the corner and pay the $90 plus they give you a loaner phone while yours is getting fixed..
5	I just broke my iPhone 5s screen this morning. I texted for a quote, brought the phone in the afternoon, and had my screen fixed in less than a half hour! Thank you for the quick and quality service!
5	Best place to get your phone fixed, great customer service and they are quick!  I highly recommend this business!  Don't go anywhere else!
5	Just got my iphone 5 fixed here. Great and fast service. Also the cheapest in the area. Would go here again.
5	Phone cracked last night and needed it repaired ASAP. Recently moved to Vegas and all my friends recommended this place. Walked in and got it fixed within 45 mins. Gave my a screen protector as well. Highly recommend this place! Charged me 76 for iPhone 5 screen replacement. Thanks!
5	Fast, easy, and most importantly very economic...highly recommended for any phone repairs!!
5	My grand kids dropped my I pad and cracked the screen. I dropped it off at desert wireless. They said it might take 2 days to repair. I dropped it off around 12:30 and they sent me a message that it was fixed around 1:30 the same day. They were professional  honored an advertised price which was a great deal. I would recommend their service to anyone. They were awesome!  Thank you my I pad looks like new
5	iPhone 5c screen completely shattered. Took it in with no appointment, showed them pictures of the coupons I found on Yelp, and they told me with the coupons it was $85 + tax... Ended up being $93 and I got a free screen protector for doing a Yelp review. Cheapest repair place I've ever heard about/been to, with great service. Highly recommended!! :)
4	I got my iPhone 4S screen fixed because I couldn't view half my screen, it was just complete dark, after I dropped it on it's face. However, this Desert Wireless replaced my whole screen which even got rid of a little crack. My phone works perfect now, only problem is there's a little yellow digital smudge bottom left of my screen. Still, a huge improvement I would definitely return in the future if needed.
5	After looking at many different Yelp reviews, I finally decided to go to Desert Wireless to fix my cracked iPhone 5 screen because of how many great reviews they had. And I must say, they did not disappoint. Their service was great and fast! I got in and out of there in less than hour and the price was reasonable. I would definitely recommend to my friends and family to come here.
1	My wife got her 5S screen replaced here. Four days later the replacement screen cracked for no discernible reason. Just a single crack coming from the speaker and moving down the  screen. We called the store and they said they wouldn't cover it and a replacement would be full price. I wouldn't recommend them, as both the products and services are inferior.
5	Ask for Wookie. Great customer service. Was told I would be in and out in 15 minutes to replace my broken iphone screen, and I was. Overall smooth experience.
5	The people here are wonderful, they give you great prices and exceptional service! I will continue to bring all my wireless needs to them. The thing I appreciate most is their desire to do right by their customers. Fabulous people giving fabulous service!!!
5	Thought my iPhone 5c was toast, had completely shattered the glass and had a black screen. Brought it here first thing on a Friday with little hope, they had it fixed in fifteen minutes!! Great service and cost me less than a hundred bucks with a deal off yelp. Would recommend them over and over! (Had a little trouble finding it only because I had no phone gps lol, wasn't looking for an office building which it is in, 2nd floor, just fyi).
5	My iPhone 5S' screen was damaged yesterday. I was so worried and upset, however, I came here today and got fixed within 45 mins. It looks like nothing has happened to my phone. Also, the price is super acceptable with the discount provided from Yelp. People who work there are very nice, funny and friendly. If you have any problem with you cellphone, don't be hesitated to come here!!!
5	Visiting Vegas & dropped my phone to have the screen shattered and blackout - imagine my distress! Glad to have found these guys through Yelp - reasonably priced and I got it back in less than 30mins. GENIUS these people. Can't recommend it enough.
5	I just want to thank them again & big ups to Tony the technician for fixing my phone @ the last minute... If ur looking for a place to fix ur phone & still save your data, this is the place to go... Definitely highly recommend this place
5	Quick and friendly service. Not too far from unlv. Many accessories to choose from and a nice cozy waiting area while your wireless is being fixed.
5	This place is great.  Period.  Great price, fast service and the work is impeccable.  I've had to get the glass on my phone replaced twice (dropped it while running... and then did it again...) and my wife had to get her digitizer replaced on her phone (after another place that fixes wireless toyz did a poor job).  All the work has been fantastic.  I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Great knowledgable technicians. Been here twice to fix the digitizer and flex cable on my phone and my sisters battery and it always comes out looking brand new. Highly recommended.
4	Bit on the expensive side but was quick and easy.  I was in and out within 15 minutes of arrival.  Phone screen was shattered so bad phone was inoperable and now works like new!
5	Thank you Edson for a great service. Desert wireless the cheapest price to fix my iphone in town. Professional work done on my phone.Great service! Very helpful, friendly and Very Affordable!! Highly recommend.
5	Great work on my son's iPhone.  Fixed the screen and it works great.  We have a groupon deal, so it's worth it. Thanks guys!
5	I shattered my iPhone 4S screen last night and came here today. The service was fast, friendly, and they were more than willing to give me a great deal. The location was a little hard to find, a little sketchy, but it was a diamond in the rough. Definitely recommend this place for any phone repairs!
5	So glad I found out about this place. Their prices were affordable and their service is very professional. They also have a very nice waiting room if you want to wait on your repair. It does make a difference. No doubt I will never go anywhere else in Las Vegas.
5	Just as everyone has said, you hand them your phone and in 30 minutes to an hour, your screen is fixed. The Yelp deal also made getting my screen replaced less expensive and thus, less painful! It's been broken for over a month and my fingers were getting small cuts. The place is upstairs and in the back corner. There was no upselling or rudeness. Just smiles and business. Comfy couch and tvs to occupy your short wait. Thanks!
5	Purchased a Groupon to have our iPad screen replaced.  We got a great deal on the repair (saved about $70 off what we paid somewhere else for the same repair).  The staff was really friendly and the service was pretty speedy.  Dropped it off mid-day Saturday and they called Monday afternoon to let me know it was ready to be picked up.The kids have been pretty rough on the iPad and totally smashed all the corners and destroyed the screen.  Besides a little roughness on the corners which they fixed without asking or charging us extra, our iPad looks like new after the screen repair.I would 100% recommend Desert Wireless for anyone that needs iPhone or iPad repair.  Fantastic job.  Will use them again should the need arise!
5	Go see Wookie and get a screen protector! The dude's honest.  Thought my glass touch screen was cracked. Brought it here. Turns out it was the tempered glass protector and the phone was fine. I should have realized all along but I didn't want to take off the protector for fear my screen would get worse or stop working. Wookie could've taken the phone in back and charged me over $100 for nothing. Instead, he educated me and switched out the protector and I was out the door in 5 mins for $29.
5	Best repair shop I have ever seen was drunk and dropped my phone close to the strip even called a cab
5	Awesome service and quick! Make sure you tip the repair men!  Plus, they're open Sundays!
4	My Iphone 4S had broken screen. With Yelp voucher it cost me $35 (price is $53), which is awesome especially they are open on Sunday. I came at 10AM, at noon phone was ready. My Iphone looks like new except the mesh screen for speaker next to camera is not flat anymore so doesn't look intact. LCD screen looks a little soft compared to original screen. That's why just 4 stars. But for that price I'm not going to complain. Besides I realize the phone is very complex so I don't want to go to again to them to correct this besides I just simply have no time and it's not so much important. But still. It's not perfect, that's why just 4 stars. Once again for that price is great deal!
5	Outstanding service provided. I was on a bus tour and one of our friends dropped his phone. We called in advance and was able to have the phone fixed in an hour between arriving in Vegas and departing. Friendly professional staff that really knows how to take care of people. If I am ever in Vegas again, which I probably will be, I would not hesitate to have my phone serviced or repaired at this location.
5	They fixed my phone when even Apple said it was done. Great knowledge and customer service!
5	This place is so perfect. I'm one of those people that is inseparable with my phone but I'm always breaking screens, buttons, etc every 2 months. My phone froze, turned off, and wouldn't turn back on. I thought I was going to have to get a new one but I took it here and Bon fixed it in less than 60 seconds! Such a lifesaver! I won't consider going anywhere else for my future phone issues.
5	If you want to have your phone fix (cracked screen, water damage etc..) this is the place you want to go for all you phone issues. Great and friendly staff that can fix your phone in a short period of time and at a low price compared to their competitors. They also have many accessories if you would like to pimp out your phone or just want to protect your valued phone.
1	Who ever the guy is that picks up the phone sucks at his job and he works at a phone store so idk I give 0 stars
5	They fixed my screen while I went to eat lunch. When I came back to pick it up, they had put on a free screen protector (matte) and I am super happy about the entire job! So easy, and I got to use the awesome yelp deal ($35 for $55 voucher).
5	These guys rock!  Needed the front and back glass replaced on my iPhone 4 so I can trade it into Verizon.  I purchased a groupon for the front screen and they charged me 10 bucks for the back.  I went and got lunch and came back to a brand new looking phone.  Awesome job guys!!!!
5	Awesome quick service. Wookie and his team are very knowledgeable and honest. I had an emergency and he fixed my wife's cracked screen in under an hour. I've heard nightmares from other stores here in Vegas. They fix it all here, screens passwords, battery issues.
5	Great service and nice guys! My iPad looked brand new! I bought a new iPad in June and I dropped ipad facedown on cement patio table, ouch!
5	Came in to get my cracked iPhone 5 screen replaced. Not only did Wookie do an amazing job replacing the screen, he straightened out the frame that was badly bent. I would definitely come back and visit for any future electronic services.
4	These guys are some of the best. I've gone here a few times to have my screen fixed. Today I took my sister to get hers, and they offered me a free screen protector just for writing a review. I didn't even have to purchase anything! They're always so nice and on top of things. I highly recommend them.
5	I've been needing my phone fixed for quite some time, I broke the screen and I was missing the home button. I walked in, got a great deal and my phone looked new in an hour! These guys are great! I don't know why I didn't come here sooner.
5	Great service, very polite and professional. They told me it would take 35 minutes, it was done in 15. Desert wireless is the best!
4	Great place to fix any apple product, they've help me for four years w. great customer service & affordable prices. Thanks Anthony
5	Got a replacement from the maker and it was very bad so on the first drop my phone shattered unlike my old phone that I had over a year. Came in and got it fixed under twenty minutes and it was great. There was a little smudge of brown in the screen and the changed it and if you check in you get a screen protector and a case. It was a little hard to find but worth it
5	Fast fast fast! Phone looks brand new! Great place! Well worth the price! Would recommend this place to anyone!
5	Always willing to help this is my one place to stop and repaid my phone even tho it's so far from my house I still make the drive all the way here
1	This place is a joke. They don't honor their own coupon. On the phone they said $80. I go, coupon is no good for the iPhone. I ask to talk to the owner. Twice. He then comes out and now says the price is normally $99. That's funny, I never told them I had a coupon when they first told me $80. What a joke. Never ever ever will I go back.
5	Awesome place!! I came in here for an iPhone 5 screen protector and Anthony was here to help. He was quick, efficient and friendly......The job was done within 5 minutes. I'll definitely be coming back for all my phone repair/service needs. I mentioned that I was a Yelp user and he actually waived the whole cost of the screen and the service!!
5	My screen was completely cracked on my iphone 5. I went in and about 20 mins later my phone looked brand new! Very satisfied with the service and professionalism!
5	Brought an Iphone in that got run over by a car and the screen was destroyed.  They replaced it and I waited in the lobby for a whopping 10 minutes.  Couldn't have asked for an easier experience.
5	Fixed my iPhone broken screen in 15 min.Great service!
5	The location is different...I actually like the vibe of this building it's not all flashy, it doesn't scream: "hey, look at me"! It's chill, straightforward, mature and authentic just like this business!  I needed the shattered glass on my iPod repaired (I use it for work).  They worked on getting it back to me in a timely matter and I was able to use it the following day without missing a beat! The employee, albeit young, was Very  professional and friendly! The price was fair  and I'm a happy girl!  Thank you:)
5	Best phone repair I've ever had by far! Came in, dropped off my phone and it took less than 10 minutes for it to come back to me! Very quick and easy repair. My phone looks brand new and they were so kind, very nice and friendly service!
5	They not replaced iPhone screen in no time but they also gave me a free screen cover and a protector! -THANK YOU FOR helping a damsel in distress from Miami !
5	It was kind of difficult locating their store. I circled the building twice until I decided to actually go in. They're on the second floor in the back corner.Service was quick and easy. It only took half an hour for an $80 cracked iPhone 5s repair. They even provided me with a free screen protector. Be sure to use the coupon provided on Yelp!These guys provide quality service and they have comfortable couches if you want to wait in the store.
5	Im at desert wireless for all my phone needs i went there last night at 6:30 they fixed my screen and a new lcd on my note 3 i was out by 7 thanx tony & wookie
5	Customer service was great! Mai did a fantastic job fixing my phone and gave me the best deal in town!! 30 mins and my phone was done! They even gave me a free cover! I would definitely recommend this place to anyone!
5	Fixed the screen of my iPhone C.  The screen was completely smashed they repaired it in 15 minutes and gave me a free screen cover. Excellent service thank you very much.    Added bonus is it is near Crown and anchor and the pinball Hall of Fame so plenty to do while you're waiting.
5	After realizing that ETC wireless is a scam company I found these guys. Called them up and talked to the manager/owner. Day after I went there (they are a little hard to find but don't give up, they are on the second floor of the business building). They took my phone apart and showed me the battery that ETC had put in not 5 months ago. Looked all scuffed up and refurbished/used and had funny stamps on it. They replaced the battery and tested the phone. Let's see how the new battery behaves now that I know it's a proper new battery. Both of the guys I talked to were very attentive and nice (unlike the ladies that works at ETC). As a real businessman they guys both understood that a stable business is based on return customers, friend's referrals and word of mouth. I'm taking my dead laptop there next week to have them look at it. They don't charge anything to determine if it can be fixed so there is no harm done if it is not fixable. Go check them out and see for yourself !
1	My friend recommended this place to fix the speakers on my iPhone 5. Before I bought the coupon, I wanted to get a quote for the repair price. Came to be $55 so I made a comment about buying the deal the guy at the counter instantly started that the deal was for any phone other than iPhone 5. When I questioned him about it he started that it was a new rule placed by management. However, no changes have been made to the Ad. Until this day! The guys working didn't even bother calling the manager after I showed him their own deal without restrictions. I ended up leaving. Very unpleasant interaction.
4	Got my iPhone 4 screen repaired for a great price. Location is kinda hidden but found it.
4	Really cheap, only paid $35 using their $35 for $50 voucher deal on yelp. I replaced my battery and although it does last longer, it does still die at about 15 percent. I kept my receipt and they do offer a 90 day warranty so I will go and get it replaced and update this review accordingly. Thanks!
5	They fixed my cracked screen for my iPhone!!! Done in 20mins!!! Love the people here & would recommend everyone to come here for any of their services. Super nice & friendly!!
4	I dropped my phone and cracked my screen and they fixed my phone in half an hour. It looks like a brand new phone now! They also offer great deal on yelp and groupon. So try to find their promotional deal before you go. Their staff is friendly and nice, they kept my company while I was waiting for my phone to get it fixed. I had nothing to do without my phone. Fast and quick, a lot cheaper than Apple store. I would recommend here.P.s this place is kinda hidden it's on the second floor.
5	Fast service and fair price for my cracked iPhone 5 screen. Highly recommended.  A little tricky to find but they sent me A photo of the building to make finding them even easier.
5	Came to Las Vegas today for business and pleasure.   iPhone screen cracked, no display. The Wynn recommended this place.  Fixed phone in 10 minutes.  Very fast and incredible price compared to what we would have gotten in SF.  Best customer service experience I've ever had.
5	DW Fixed the glass and the lad screen on my 5s after the dog went pure psycho on the phone. The guys were done in less than 1 hour, it looks great, and they threw in a free screen protector. Very nice quality of work, and grand total after taxes was less than 100.
5	Anthony was awesome, under promised and way Over Delivered!  Fixed my iPhone 6 in less than 30 minutes!  A complete rebuild.
5	Best fast service ever. Cheapest price in town. They are super friendly and will go above an beyond to make sure you are satisfied! Went in there to fix my iphone screen and bam all fixed. Thanks so much. Love that you can text them and get a response ASAP.
4	First time and the guys where able to replace my phone battery. Keep up the good work!Need more signage where they were located especially finally found out location was on the 2nd floor.
2	They did a good job for a good price but it was a very frustrating experience. Called twice to confirm price but on site a totally different story. Very rude, bad attitude. Let several other customers ahead while having to call "wookie" 4 times to confirm earlier conversations about price. Seems if you speak Spanish you get put ahead of others. Potential ripoff unless you hold them to their word. Be carefull! Do not trust the sales guy! Tech did a good job.
5	great service again with wookie ill be back again later for another service wow. thank u
5	Went to desert wireless today. They repaired my cracked I phone in about 20 minutes. Great service. The employees are friendly and nice. (Mat)
5	Great customer service. Great job on the repair of my iPad mini! I'm definitely coming back here.
5	This store has great service and prices! Super quick!! They have great customer service and skills! I would recommend it to everyone!
5	Super friendly staff, great service, quick and reliable. It took 20 or less min to fix the cracked screen on my IPhone  on a Sunday!!!
5	Great customer service! Repaired my screen on my iPhone 5s in less than 15 mins! Got a great deal $79.99 for the repair and they even threw in a free screen protector and gave me a discount on the temporary glass protector! Super nice guys!!!! Thank you! I'll be back!
5	Thanks Wookie for the great service again
5	Great customer service. They finished a cracked I phone in 20 minutes. Highly recommend.
5	Went in to fix my iPhone 5c screen. They were fast and efficient and everything seems to be in working order. So far so good guys!
2	2 stars for customer service and the price. I went home and checked the battery cycles on my phone and they were at 110 so this battery is used. If you want a used battery on your phone by all means come here, if you want a new battery find it online at www.ifixit.com. When you purchase a battery there's usually a couple of cycles on there due to the fact bay they test it to make sure it works but there's no reason a new battery would have 110 cycles.  Hope this helps!!
5	Cracked my android s3 screen and brought it to desert  wireless, by far the best service and prices!
5	Super super fast! My iPhone 5c was shattered, & I was in and out in 10 minutes. Great lobby to wait in if you have to though. Screen looks great! Hopefully I won't have any issues with it. It was $70 to repair, definitely cheaper than most places.
5	I wouldn't be able to survive through 2 year contracts if it wasn't for Desert Wireless. You guys rock! And your prices are really on point, incredibly reasonable with the 35$ voucher here on Yelp.
3	Update on my iPhone 5c screen repair: the service was still very quick & professional; however, the sensitivity/accuracy of the screen has definitely decreased. Texting is a nightmare (and even writing this review), and putting in my security code is even difficult now. I would rather have paid more for the same response to my touch that I had before, although perhaps it never quite is the same. Which is the only reason I am rating them 3 instead of 2 stars now. Thankfully I am eligible for an upgrade now.
5	My daughter shattered her iPhone yesterday. After calling around we found this place who quoted us $69 over the phone. They even sent us a text describing exactly where the store was. They said they would have it done in one hour, and delivered us a brand new phone in about 50 minutes. Threw in a screen protector too. Awesome service and her phone looks brand new.
5	And I am back again. Anthony had a go at fixing my drowned laptop and he gave it a good go but ended up having to change the motherboard. However he got me an upgrade to the latest mobo with a better processor. He even threw in a keyboard protector so I won't repeat my mistake ;-)
5	Second time going here and even recommended from Verizon wireless! Can't complain about anything! The gentlemen that I seen this time for the second time even let me use his personal phone to make a phone, being that I couldn't use my own! Have yet to be disappointed!
4	Great service, no complaints.  They fixed my daughters iPad after the glass shattered.  Took one day and she was back in business.
5	Update 2: Phone was fixed, they were very cool and professional about it. They even gave me a free case! Screen repair for 35$ how can you beat that!UPDATE: Called in today, man was very apologetic about the situation and told me every once in awhile a defective screen creeps up. I should have called before posting this bad review. Sorry Guys! Going to return it today and hopefully all should be well. Thank You!!
3	there are fast in starting work order but after that it will be lost... we need to follow up for updates. i gave the device and after frequent followups it took 1 month for them to tell that they cant fix it.
