5	My husband and I ate here for lunch. Very friendly staff. Our glasses never got half empty. The food is wonderful. Very fresh.
5	This place is awesome. Free chips, salsa, onions and peppers. I had the 3 entree plate. Comes with fideo soup (sooo much flavor). I had the 3 asada tacos ranchero. They were soo good and so big. So much flavor. The rice and beans were also good. The salad they serve with it was super fresh. I ordered a margarita, also super fresh! You can tell they make it fresh and not from mix. The staff is amazing. Very attentive and friendly. They are sincerely happy to have you there because of how new they are. Overall this place is amazing. Finally we have a Mexican restaurant on this side of town that is actually good!!
5	The best Mexican restaurant we've been to in Las Vegas! Seriously.After reading the reviews I was a little bit skeptical of their authenticity. Most of the Yelpers have very few reviews, several have only one, and they're giving 5 star reviews to a new business. Seems a little suspicious, right? Well, they were right on the money and Juan's is super close to our house so we'll definitely be regulars from here on out. Admittedly we were Viva Mercado's fans, especially for the service, but Juan's has better food, in my opinion, and the same great service.You can judge a Mexican restaurant in the first 5 minutes by how fast they get the chips & salsa on the table and the quality of those. The grub hit our table in no time and the salsa is excellent and they use quality chips, good start! They also brought complimentary bean dip and grilled onions & jalapenos, yummy!We opted to have the steak fajitas for two and they were indeed flaming! Most restaurants seem to take the lazy approach to marinating their fajitas but that definitely wasn't the case with Juan's. Great flavor, tender and lots of meat coupled with plenty of onions & peppers.The guacamole that came with our fajitas was fresh, flavorful and we really enjoyed it as well. The flour tortillas were hot, soft and the right size for fajitas as well. The rice and beans were good and the 2 year old devoured the rice so that's a definite plus as well.My only small complaint was I wish the onions would've been cooked longer but it's a tiny complaint and a personal preference. Next time I'll just request they scorch'em and I'm sure it won't be a problem.I would highly recommend Juan's if you want great Mexican food and great service.
5	Great food and service, make the drive! what are those Jalapeno grilled onion appetizers you serve with the chips called?
5	This is must try restaurant I guarantee once you try it you will go back. Since the restaurant opened I have been there at least 6 times. This this is my new favorite Mexican restaurant and once you try it it will be your too. You have to try the Fajitas and the Margaritas are amazing. The service at Juan's Flaming Fajitas is second to none! I highly recommend them give them a try.
5	I pretty much think God invented Mexican food to make up for M-F work weeks.  Because my BF is such a Lindo fan, it wasn't easy convincing him to come here instead.  After our awesome lunch, he was very apologetic for doubting my Yelp abilities.I came here when this was Buzz, and Juan has really transformed the place.  Looks like a legit Mexican cantina.  Juan himself greeted us at the door and sat us at our table.  3 big screen tvs are visible in the dining room.  Always good, especially during the NCAA tournament (if you are not a Kentucky fan like myself).  Negra Modelo on tap = Sunday Funday.  Although I am a Lindo fan, the chips and salsa at Juan's are much better.  So is the fideo soup.  We decided to split the flaming chicken fajitas because it is the namesake.  Because I will always be 10 years old, I was overly facinated with the tableside flaming fajitas (see pic).  In addition to the show, the fajitas were great.  Came with the aforementioned fideo soup, guacamole, salsa, sour cream, cheese and tortillas.  The only thing I wasn't wowed by were the tortillas, but when your BFF is a latina rockstar and her fabulous momma hooks you up with decilious tortillas, your standards can be pretty high.  Don't worry Lindo.  There's room for two great Mexican spots in the Southwest.  Welcome to the neighborhood, Juan.
4	Great food. Solid chips, salsa, bean dip, drinks. The entrees were good. If you like your flautas super crispy like my partner, just ask, they'll cook 'em a bit longer. Locally owned and operated and some of the best service I have had in a Mexican in Vegas.
5	One of the best service experiences we have had.   The staff members were so friendly, courteous and attentive.   SO much food and everything we tried was very tasty and a great value.   It is now added to our favorite places to dine.
5	And I had just about given up hope of ever finding any decent Mexican food in Vegas! As a transplanted Central Texan and used to having good and plentiful Mexican food around, I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of food in this restaurant. I must give credit to my daughter, who on a recent visit, decided that we MUST have some Mexican food before she heads back East. So, she set to researching and discovered Juan's. We got there for lunch, and were immediately greeted, seated in our booth, and were provided with delicious salsa and bean dip to go with the chips. Very shortly later, we were given a small bowl of a sort of Mexican relish that contained onions, peppers, spices and cilantro. Again, very tasty. Another table was enjoying the fajitas, while yet another was just wrapping up their meal to go. It was tastefully and simply decorated inside, with ample seating, a bar, and overhead TVs. What a great place to watch the game.  On to the meal!  My daughter ordered the veggie enchiladas and I ordered the veggie tamale (just one - which was the perfect amount for me). We started off with the fideo soup, which was flavorful and just right, temperature-wise. We did not wait long before our meals arrived - they included rice, beans and a romaine lettuce leaf garnish with a dollop of sour cream and pico de gallo. After having experienced the tamale and the enchiladas, I can't wait to go back and try some of the other delicious-sounding dishes. As for the service, it was excellent! The owner and waiters came by our table several times asking how we liked the food and making sure we had everything we needed. One other plus - the restaurant is located only about 10 minutes from my home - does it get any better than that? I think not. A+++++++++++++!
5	I really liked this place.  The hostess was nice and so was our waiter.  The service was good and they were on top of refilling our chips, salsa and bean dip.  At the end of the meal, the owner came to talk to us and ask us how our food was.  This place is new and there's not much decoration, but there's enough.I love love love that they have a vegetarian section in their menu.  The menu has 6 different vegetarian plates.  I ordered the vegetarian fajitas with no sour cream or cheese and it came out flaming and on fire.  It was a pretty cool presentation of it.  The servings are big and I was full after eating 2 fajitas. My bf ordered the vegetarian enchiladas and he said it tasted good.  We both had leftovers to take home for tomorrow.  I also our love our bill and how it $20 for the both us!!  It's hard to eat out at restaurants nowadays for two people and pay $20 for the meal.This place also has happy hour from 3pm-7pm.  If I can remember correctly, the happy hour menu has nachos, fajitas, and something else for like $5.  They also have alcohol for happy hour too.  I think this place will give Frank and Fina's and Lindo a run for their money.   I will definitely come back and try more stuff on their menus.  I'm gonna try hard not to stuff my face with chips, salsa and bean dip so that I have room to order dessert!! :)
5	As I posted before our Friday spot try it out you won't be disappointed :)
4	We were greeted right away. Asked if it was our first time. Taken right to our table. I like the wide openness of the place. Not a million people on top of each other. The server one of two took our drink order. Then brought us chips, salsa and bean dip. They were all delicious. I enjoyed the chips. Fresh and not greasy. They then brought us peppers and onions. My DH liked those also. I had the fajitas, had to try the famous flaming fajitas. They were good. I like the char on the beef. The sides of rice and beans were seasoned perfectly. The DH had the tamales. He enjoyed them. Said they were quite tasty. The portions are generous. Both plates were enough for two. We had plenty of leftovers and no room for dessert. The service was spot on. Perhaps too many people asking if we were doing OK. Especially when ones mouth is full. LOL A really nice pleasant dinner. We will be back.
3	I had high hopes for this restaurant based on the reviews and a personal recommendation.  We had beef and chicken entrees and both were overcooked.  The service was excellent and the staff were super friendly.
5	I'm seven months away from the magical world of breakfast tacos and salsa on every corner (i.e. Austin) and taking my annualish pilgrimage to Las Vegas to party it up with my family when I have a serious craving for some southern style noms. With my favorite Mexican restaurant closed and only mediocre experiences at others in the area, I turned to Yelp to see what was new. Juan's was sort of on the way to the Orleans Arena, so I talked Mom into stopping there for lunch on the way to the Wranglers game. We parked right out front and headed in. Mom immediately noticed a giant jar of peppermints--a sure sign of a restaurant that cares about its patrons. We were seated promptly in a booth (always my favorite) and delivered chips, salsa and bean dip. YUM. Shortly after, complimentary vegetable soup with a tomato base. TWO YUMS. As far as options go, there's something for everyone. Several vegetarian dishes were offered. Mom picked the tamale and I ordered the enchiladas, which came with your standard delicious rice and refried beans. It all seemed pretty healthy, my enchiladas stuffed with zucchini, broccoli and bell peppers--unusual fillings, but I liked the mix. Everything was clean, including the bathrooms, and large screen TVs were scattered throughout the dining area featuring sporting events. The manager (owner?) stopped by our table for a chat and gave us the history of the restaurant and the building (formerly a BBQ place--my father would be crushed.) Service? Super important to me, and spot on. All in all, an excellent experience. Can't wait to go back!!Edit: totally forgot about the onion/green pepper relish. SO GOOD. I don't usually like onions, but I ate as many as I could stuff in my mouth. They also appear to have wifi for guests, but I don't know how to get the password.
5	Great food and excellent service!
5	Rolando is the best bartender ever! The fajitas are seasoned so well and the fire show at your table makes it even more fun! I hardly ever Yelp about restaurants but this is a place I want to keep around. I absolutely love this place! Service and food are way above par!
5	I had been wanting to try this place every time we ate over at In N Out Burger across the way. We finally got to try it the other night.  Eric and I both had the flaming fajitas.  It was good and the onion and peppers they serve with the chips and salsa were so good.  We also had the churros. Yummy.  Crunchy and sweet.
4	AYYYYY MUCHO CALIENTE PAPIIII~!!!!haha I have been wanting to try this place just because the pictures look so darn cool! Coming in I knew that we just HAD to try the flaming fajitas I mean if it's in the name of the restaurant then you should probably try the dish right? HAHA Walking into the place it's your typical family run Mexican joint nothing fancy but it was very clean and colorful. There is a full bar and patio area to the left and then the main dining room is comprised of both tables and booths.. I even think they have a little dance floor area. We ordered:-Table-side made Guacamole: ($7.95) They make it exactly to your liking so if it tastes bad it is your own fault!-Chicken & Beef Flaming Combo Fajitas for Two: ($25.95) I don't even like fajitas but these were so good. Good quality meat and you gotta love the little fire show that you get.. I love that the plate is indeed sizzling and pretty much stays sizzling so your meat/onions/peppers stay hot! -Combo comes with guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream, rice, beans or you can substitute the rice+beans for VEGGIES yay.. I love how they bring 2 separate plates of these instead of 1 to share between the 2 people! Combo also comes with a choice of corn or flour tortillas (6 total!)-Complimentary Fideo soup which is like a tomato based soup with some noodles.. was a little salty for me but I still liked it!-Complimentary Chips, Salsa & Bean Dip: The chips were mixed with the standard yellow chips and red and green chips.. served warm but not oily.. The salsa tasted fresh and was not too spicy and the bean dip was a little too salty for me but still tasty! On the menu it says the first round is on the house but that they charge after that.. They asked us if we wanted a refill and I said yes but they didn't charge us so maybe it's 1 per person? Awesome friendly service from all of the wait staff.. Food took a little bit longer than I had expected but I didn't really notice since I was too busy munching on chips.. I told Juan I found them through Yelp and he said Yelp has really helped them.. I definitely recommend trying this place out.. If you don't like fajitas they have a bunch of other items (no a la cart items though) & they have a daily HAPPY HOUR 3-7! HOT TIP: print this coupon before you go.. I forgot to print mine so they didn't accept it but oh well haha: https://mobileapp.moneymailer.com/IcfV2/getIcfImage.aspx?im=sat&o=7ACFE9EB-ADE7-4468-B58D-244231566823&di=&t=HOTPDF&p=F
5	Great Fajitas! We had the combo for two, shrimp and chicken. Food came out fast, and service was awesome! We will definitely be back again!
5	Outstanding food.  Outstanding service.
5	Fantastic, service and food!  It's a must try.
5	After trying Juan's, it instantly became one of my favorite restaurants.The chips, salsa and bean dip they bring before your meal are great. they never let our drinks go empty. the fajitas came out with rice, beans, guacamole, and sour cream with your choice of homemade flour or corn tortillas. i love fajitas and this place has got some of the best in town.highly recommend this fine restaurant to anyone!
5	We've been to Juan's 4 or 5 times now and can't recommend them highly enough. Great service, great food and very family friendly with our 2 little ones.I think if they took the extra step and livened up their patio it'd be a great happy hour spot as well.
3	Service was good.  Food was good.  We ordered the sampler for an appetizer.  It was plentiful; nachos, quesadilla, and 2 flautas.  Chips came with salsa and a bean dip.  Beans were good, but lukewarm.  We ordered, New Mexico platter, chicken enchilada, fajita salad, and flautas.   Fideo soup was brought to each of us.  It was mildly spicy, but tasty.   Server apparently misheard or scribbled, and fajitas were brought instead of flautas.  No apology was given and our diner felt pressured to keep the fajitas, which she graciously did.  Food was good, but not mind blowing.  We were still charged for the fajitas, which were more expensive than the flautas, even though it was their error.  Again, no attempt was made to rectify their mistake.  For this reason, and the fact that I found a long strand of hair in the salsa, I am giving Juan's 3 stars instead of 4.  I will go back, but I will have the waiter repeat our order next time.
5	Loved this place!drove by today and  decided to stop for a lunch. Let me tell you my friends this place is great!!! We went to the bar and the bartender (I did not ask his name) was the coolest guy. We could see he took a great pride at what he did and really enjoyed his workplace. The owner (or manager, I was not sure) was constantly checking on us making sure everything was to our liking and there were no complains from our side. We used to go to Mi Lindo Michoacan a lot for its Queso Fundido, now this place can easily compete with them. Got a pitcher of margarita made with Corralejo Anejo only for $28 and that's some good stuff!!! Bartender recommended Steak and Shrimp Fajitas and that's what we got for an entree. When the food runner brought it to us he actually flamed the cast iron skillet. Great presentation! Now the flavor was....WOW!!!Shrimp were so fatty and juicy and steak had nice charr, just the way we like it. They told us it's going to be a great fiesta for May, 5th with mariachis and drinks specials, so we will do our best to make it there ( we are in the middle of moving).Thank you gentlemen for taking such a great care of us! We will be back soon and I would highly recommend it to fellow yelpers!Cheers!
5	Wow, thanks Yelpers for leading me to this spot. Nice to have a high-quality Mexican place on the West/Southwest side of town.The service was great, food was equally as good, and prices were reasonable. My drink stayed refilled constantly. Chips with salsa and bean dip, both tasty, to start, then Fideo soup before the meal. They've only been open a couple of months, but there is no reason (other than maybe location) they can't give Bonita & Lindo a run for their money.Will be going back often.
2	I frequent all varieties of  Mexican restaurants, from Roberto's to Mundo, but Juan's Flamin' Fajita is on the do not return list after my meal. Many of the items that came to the table were not made in house. The chips were not fresh, some store bought variety. The salsa, despite many other reviews, was not fresh and pretty spicy. The margarita was the worst margarita I have ever purchased. The mix they use is super sweet and just plain terrible (and probably old). I tasted very little tequila and even less lime, odd for a drink that consists mainly of those two ingredients. It was so sweet  that my girlfriend couldn't even drink it (and this went completely unnoticed). I ordered some of their "Flamin' Fajitas," and was not impressed. It reminded me of something you could find at Chili's. The flame they give you at the table, while fun to watch, is terrible to taste. The protein was cooked beyond well done- chicken being super dry and steak being very tough. I will say the service was pretty good.   The manager did notice our apparent dissatisfaction with the food, but at that point we knew we were not coming back and did not even bother explaining everything we found wrong with our visit.  Overall, it was not the worst meal I've ever eaten, but our experience was no where near five stars. And on an unrelated note about Juan's, the font on their menu is horrendous. It is childish and ugly, I think they should change it. However I will not be returning to check.
5	Great guacamole made table-side.  The soups are wonderful, so far i have tried the fideo and posole, both were outstanding.  I also had the special Margaritas and they were perfect.  We enjoyed the flaming fajitas and ended the evening with fried ice cream.  I can't say enough good about our new favorite.
4	Excellent spot! Ordered the table side guac and the chicken fajitas. We will definitely return soon!
5	Fajitas on Fire.  5 beers in a bucket for $15. Good chips and Salsa.  Mariachi Band.  Strategic TV's for all seats.  Excellent Margaritas. Kid friendly. This place rocks!!!Out of all the places in Las Vegas to pick for Cinco de Mayo food, drinks, and music, we picked this one based on YELP reviews.  We were first time visitors.  We will definitely return very soon!  We arrived early to avoid long waits and drunk people.  By the time we left, we might have been the very people we were trying to avoid!  Drinks aside, we enjoyed the flaming fajitas!  We ordered the fajitas for 2 with steak and shrimp.  It is more than enough for 2 people.  My hubs and I made 7 fajitas from the meat.  We can't speak to any of the other food.  OH WAIT!  Now I remember, we had an AMAZING desert.  A sopapilla topped with ice cream and strawberries.  It was DELISH!!  We met Juan the owner who welcomed us and our little toddler.  Juan said he built the place to accomodate families and that their daily Happy Hours are restaurant-wide - and not exclusive to the bar only like many places in town.  Their daily happy hour from 3-7pm looked really good!   Our server was very friendly and the service was great!The Mariachi band was an added bonus - we would love to return to hear them again.  They were very good!  This is a place worth visiting!  Good food, good drinks, good prices, and good service!  Locally owned.  Flaming Fajitas - what more can you ask for!!!
5	Good food and firiendly sevice. Fajitas are awesome
5	We went last night in the food was excellent! We ordered chicken fajitas with shrimp. We ordered it with vegetables instead of rice and beans. The shrimp was so flavorful and thick . They had a man singing just about any spanish song we requested...beautiful voice. The service waa great and so was the Margaritas. Everyone in my group was happy I found this restaurant, thAnks to YELPs reviews.  The onions and chile came with the chips amd salsa that was different,but good. We will be back very soon.
5	This newer establishment was a pleasant surprise. We found the place based on other yelp reviews and the reviews were right!The bartender went out of his way to be funny and engaging with the patrons (here's your shout out - forget about the menu print font)Food was good as was the service. Get the table side guacamole. Live music and Jose Quervo ladies were an added treat. Try this place!  You won't be disappointed.  I'll be back my next trip to vegas.
5	The name makes me laugh, the experience left me smiling :)When a restaurant first emerged in this space when I first moved here, there have been at least 2-3 restaurants that have tried to win over the hearts of the locals in the Southwest, but unfortunately they did not succeed. So when we first walked in and saw how busy the place was (there was even a wait!) we were quite surprised!We were seated within the quoted 10 mins and the moment we sat down, we saw why the word "flaming" is in their name! As you can see from the photos, their fajitas are literally shooting out flames up toward the ceiling! They're quite delicious, I guess the flames add a flavor only a flame can add :)Also on the menu: Table side guacamole, raspberry margarita and a coronita. Good, bomb, and meh. I'd definitely have the raspberry margarita again, damn thing tastes like juice!We loves. We're returning.
2	The best part of this place is the peppers and onions they give you with the chips and salsa.  I understand that this is the same general staff from Viva Mercados (rip) , that is why Ihave given this place many tries now.  The food is very very bland.  Meat has no seasonings or so it seems.  They put on a go show for the  fajitas, but the fajitas are barely average.    Mole sauce is better then some in town, but it still tastes out of a jar.  Tamales are sub-par, tacos...well who can f-up taco, their tacos were good.  Chili verde was aweful but not great.   I could go on and on.  Like I said I really wanted this place to follow the legacy of Bobby's Viva Mercados, but it really falls short.
5	One of the best Mexican restaurants on the west side. Better than Lindo and definitely on par with Frank& Fina's. Can't wait to go back.
5	It's been a while since I've been wowed by a restaurant.  Juan's Flaming Fajitas & Cantina just fixed that!Tired of our usual spots for lunch, we ventured to try this place based on the ratings from trust yelp.  Situated where the old Buzz BBQ restaurant used to be, it is right off of Tee Pee and Tropicana Ave.We arrived during lunch and there were a lot of people there.  We were greeted and seated almost immediately.  Hot Chips, hot bean dip and salsa was set down right when were were seated.The lunch menu was short, but still offered a lot of choices.  I chose the Chicken Fajitas with Beans and Rice.  The other option was grilled vegetables.  My friends ordered chicken fajitas, Chili Colorado and Mulitas. The staff was completely on it when it came to drinks.  Or cups were never left dry.  Chips, bean dip and salsa was replenished at least THREE times at our table.  It was that good.My fajitas was lit on fire in front of my table which let out a 4 to 5 foot FLAME that endured for at least 5 seconds.  The heat from it could be felt.  It was a great show to add to our orders.  My fajitas came with corn and flour tortillas that was equally warm and fresh as our fajitas.Great place.  Great people.  Great time.  Great prices and value.  GREAT FOOD!  Great atmosphere - very cozy and would be perfect to take a date to.  There is even outdoor seating available.  TVs are hung from the ceiling with various programming on.  You can tell it's a great place when you don't even watch the TV.   I loved this place with my friends.  I can't wait to take my family here!
5	This places earns a legit 5 stars. Came here for lunch and was severed endless chips with bean dip and salsa. Chips, dip and salsa were so good we couldn't stop eating while waiting for the lunch entree. They were on top of drink refills and chip refills like some kind of magic from Disney land. It's hard to make me feel like I am on vacation while on lunch break but hey I really felt that way. I got the Mulitas and it was very good. The service coupled with food quality were out standing for the price. I will be back for sure.
3	The food is pretty good but not outstanding. Nice atmosphere. Outdoor seating. I had a great strawberry margarita and their fideo soup is very yummy.
5	Great food and awesome service!
5	Great service, tasty fajitas, large portions and loved the fideo. Everything was great. Great value.
4	A few months ago, Flaming Fajitas was only a month old, we stopped in for dinner while my sister and nephew were visiting. The five of us were eager to try the newest restaurant in the neighborhood. You'd think Las Vegas of all places would have great Mexican, and while it does have a couple gems, it really has a poor showing overall. However, Flaming Fajitas has brought some heat to the scene. I mean that quite literally.  I love spice. And Flaming Fajitas delivers. I love the plate of grilled onions and jalapenos that gets you started and the salsa is quite tasty. This is often the weak link when I dine out, but it fresh, bold and well balanced. The staff aims to please and they were more than willing to accomodate special requests made by our group. We were started with delicious fideo soup. Then, a short bit later, hot plates piled high with food swirled around us. I ordered the tacos al pastor. However, what was presented before me was not tacos al pastor. I don't know if the kitchen made an error or if they prepare them differently but these had no lingering flavor from chilies, nor a hint of pineapple. Whatever it was, it was decent, but fajitas is the name on the building and it's what you should get here. My brother went with their signature Chicken Fajitas and there is quite the presentation; far more showy than any fajitas I've seen before. Usually you can hear them sizzling, but these are actually set on fire tableside. The fajitas are excellent. So much so, I took my husband the following night we shared the steak and chicken fajitas for two. The chicken is far better than the steak. I noticed they also offer pork. I will try that next visit. I also prefer the corn to the flour tortillas. They have a great and reasonably priced beer selection to quench your thirst and come for happy hour to enjoy great specials.
3	Food was good, LARGE portion, service was good too. I thought they were definitely over priced and not worth it though.  I would go back for their lunch specials but not for dinner.
4	Open for about three months, I didn't even know about Juan's until I saw Misti's review and then my gal pals suggested it for dinner because it was close to Sweet Addiction--hah!  See how I pick my friends?  Always thinking about the sugar!  Anyway, we had a solid meal here, going with the flaming fajitas, of course.  I got chicken and my pals shared a chicken and steak combo for two.  Both courses came out in a timely manner, with the flaming presentation for each, literally.  It's cool to see your food on fire.  I enjoyed my chicken fajitas and my pals rated the chicken better than the steak, too.  The chips and salsa were nothing special.  Service is attentive and friendly and the rest of the menu is quite extensive, but for my first visit I had to have the fajitas and not bad at all for $13.95.  I'll come back to try something different next time--nice to have an option for Mexican cuisine on this side of town, near Sweet Addiction AND Perfect Scoop ;).
5	My husband and I have been here several times, we've sat at the bar, we enjoyed the delicious chips and salsa, my husband loves the margaritas he said there the best! the staff is very friendly we usually go on Fridays its always busy, so far I've tried the fish tacos chicken enchiladas my son has had the shredded beef burrito,  my husband tried the ceviche and a shrimp chesse foundo all delicious we were all happy with food and flavor. they also have a nice patio if you like to sit outsideI would recommend this place try it I don't think you'll be disappointed:-)
5	I don't eat Mexican cuisine very often, so I was very impressed by this restaurant. Absolutely fantastic service. Our waiter, Ernie, was very knowledgeable-- I had to ask him what he would recommend and we went through a gauntlet of questions just to get it exactly right. And I'll tell you-- it was perfect. The staff looks happy to be there, and genuinely care about their customers. It's fantastic.The food is absolutely delicious. They serve up the fajitas by setting it on fire first, then serving it on the table. Super cool, and really pulls the atmosphere together.I love this place, and will definitely be returning.
1	We should of known when we walked in on a Saturday night and it was nearly empty.  But seeing so many positive Yelp reviews we had to try it... what a mistake.. ugh.  So the question is?.. "How do you ruin Mexican food?!"I'll tell you how...store bought chipsstore bought tortillasstore bought re-fried beansstore bought ricestore bought pre-mixed margaritaspico de gallo so old it looks greybland fajitasawful atmosphereluke warm serviceNow I know why the place was nearly empty.  Don't eat here.
5	From out of town the Bay Area was visiting and went there for the first w/ my friend. We were both very satisfied w/ the service and food. We were seated in the bar area.  It was a live atmosphere had Spanish music playing as you watched sport events on big flat TV screens.  There wasn't that many people at first. You don't want the place to be to crowded either.  We definitely will be coming back again. The food was real good and the prices were reasonable.  Recommend eating at this place.
5	Whoever said this is not real Mexican food doesn't know what real Mexican is! We have lived in Southwest Vegas since 2006 real Mexican food can be hard to find. Glad this place opened up hope it stays open. Our first visit, definately not our last.
5	Great place! For anyone questioning the quality of food just look at the pictures. I can tell you first hand the taste way out shines the pictures. They bring out salsa, beans and grilled peppers w/ onions with the chips. The shrimp ceviche is to die for while the rice and beans have the perfect balance of authentic Mexican food.  Wash it all down with a red sangria and you will not be disappointed... Really reminds me of Viva Mercados. hint, hint.
5	Skeptical I decided to give Juan's a try. I was presently surprised! The service was flat out above and beyond your average restaurant of this type. The food was delicious, at least the enchilada dinner I had. I here the  fajitas are off the hook also. "Next trip" never had a dry glass or empty chip bowl. The manager or owner not sure which came to the table at one point to ask how everything was I kinda felt like a celebrity! Ha. This is how all restaurants should do buisness.
3	We made the trek down southwest to try this place after seeing all the positive reviews. It ended up being pretty decent but not worth repeating the trip from downtown.The chips and salsa were fine, in fact, the salsa was actually pretty flavorful. The fajitas were very enjoyable, but the accompaniments left a lot to be desired. The refried beans creeped me out a little, and my wife reported her guacamole to be quite watery at the bottom. They just didn't seem very fresh.I had a pretty strong-ass Patron margarita, too. Although - and this sounds totally lame - the balance was a bit off. The tequila overpowered the rest of the drink. I know - that's the dumbest thing ever to complain about.Overall, Juan's is pretty decent but not good enough to justify the long trip.
5	LOVE this place, and here's why......- GREAT, friendly and fast service. There are always 3-4 people coming by your table and refilling water/soda/beer/chips/salsa/bean dip! They are on top of it!- Fresh tasting food. A lot of Mexican food around town (and elsewhere for that matter) taste like it's been sitting around for hours waiting to be served. This almost always seems fresh.- Fair prices! The prices for items and combos are great! Great happy hour too.I recommend the rancho style tacos and (of course) the fajitas!I hope people support this place and keep it in town. This is a hard location for businesses to prosper it seems. SUPPORT GOOD BUSINESSES!
4	Juan's Flaming Fajitas is a surprising great dining experience that is only 8 miles from my apartment. Don't know how I missed it and or never heard about it till last night.First pyromaniacs will love this place! The name "Flaming Fajitas"  is well deserved and quite frankly and understatement. When they bring your Fajitas out the server ignites the dish and the flames shoot 3 to 4 feet into the air! The food was top notch fresh and flavorful. The only negative experience of the entire night was in relationship to their cheese dish I ordered to go along with my chips. It had to be cut with a knife and fork and couldn't be spooned up by a nacho chip. It had great flavor but I won't order it again as it was to much effort for chips and dip.The wait staff was great, drinks were never more than half empty, the complimentary chips, salsa and bean dip was similarly filled whenever they appeared low. We had one main waiter but he was getting help from everyone else on the staff and he was helping out the other waiters and their tables. It would appear they are a highly functional unit that wasn't worried about sharing their tables tips. Simply stated it was a true pleasure to dine here.You could read that and guess it was a slow night but no, there was only one maybe two empty tables in the entire restaurant. If you live near or far you must come experience this dining experience its something you will not regret!
4	Finally a solid Mexican feast that can fit into my low-carb lifestyle! Skipped the chips and salsa, but ate the grilled onions and peppers that come with it! Those peppers have some heat to them. What a pleasant surprise!Ok, so I read a few reviews that said the food is not spicy at all.  I lean toward my food extremely spicy. They happily brought out a dish of habanero sauce but gave warning to use very little, since it was extremely HOT!!! I think I was more amused as they watched the "little lady" (ME) douse my food in it and eat ALL of it. Love that they have the option of grilled veggies instead of rice and beans.  I will say the carnitas was a bit dry and not the best I've had, but was fine with a bit of salsa and hot sauce mixed with all the veggies, it was more like a nice Mexican stirfry.    My husband got the "flaming" steak fajita, which is impressive at they brings it out a sizzling cast iron pan with a flame under it to keep it well...sizzling.  My husband enjoyed his feast of  fajitas with surprisingly flavorful rice, beans, pico de gallo, sour cream, guac, and  corn tortilla.  Guess what? We were pleased our food was not drowning in cheese, nor was needed or missed.  However, these servers were nice and attentive and I am sure they would have brought some cheese out if we requested.  I am sure to be back, nice service, decent Mexican food (finally!).  The Cantina looks entertaining as it is big lined with tvs, has a full bar, and even an outdoor area,  but it was empty since it was just shy of noon on a Monday?  Luckily they also have 4 TVs in the dining area too.   The drink specials look decent, affordable, and even tasty. My one negative, is that I am not a fan of "rustic" aka cheesy Mexican decor and this place was dressed just like that...however, I focused my eyes on a 26th seed beating Serena Williams at Wimbledon.   Awesome that they had it on!
3	Fast service. Decent food. I wasn't impressed by the chips...what Mexican restaurant doesn't have homemade chips for their salsa?
4	I'm not the biggest fan of Mexican but this place was good.Free chips, sauteed onions and peppers, and soup!I ordered a taco salad... I asked for no rice and they offered to replace it with steamed veggies. I was very happy.They were able to make a dirty martini and it was only $5.50 which is half of what I was expecting it to be (grey goose vodka too)The service was very good. The workers were definitely hustling... Very quick to refill water, chips, and take away finished plates. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is because my boyfriend asked for the steamed veggies too, but was given rice instead, and some of the chairs were cheap and looked like they belong in a cafeteria.
5	Awesome food. Excellent service. The staff Is extremely efficient. Since we have found this place we go at least once a week!
5	We were looking for a good Mexican restaurant and wanted to get away from the strip, so we took to yelp and found Juan's. The chips and salsa came with some beans and grilled onions which were both a nice surprise.Three of us went, and all had different things. All excellent. The Chili Colorado, and the Carnita's were excellent. Really really good! planning to go again when we get back to Las Vegas after our Grand Canyon side trip vacation.
5	Visited here while in Vegas with our son & his family.  It was great and the flaming fajitas were fun!  We enjoyed the food and the service was amazing.  It is always a little challenging to dine with a 2.5 year old and a 9 month old but this restaurant handled everything in stride.
4	Service here is excellent. The chicken and pork combo fajitas for two were delicious and enough to feed three.
5	We went because of the coupon we got in our mail, but were glad we did. We used to go to Buzz BBQ when it was there, and based on the amount of fellow diners joining us, Buzz can't blame their lack of crowd on the location.  Juan's was packed for a random weekday.I got the carne asada chimichanga, the meat was very good, I just didn't realize it was going to be served smothered in sauce,  which ruins my favorite part, the crispy shell. But it was still tasty.My boyfriend had the fork fajitas,  and the meat looked dry, but it was actually very tender, and full of flavor and not dry. He loved his meal!The staff was very attentive and full of energy!
5	Came here with my girlfriend and we loved it. Price, portion, food, and service were all great so it deserves a five star in my eyes. Our server was really attentive and nice and so was the wait staff assisting him. Some tips: Unless you're dangerously hungry, an entree should be enough for one person. We got an appetizer, entree and drink, and boy, were we filled. We ended up taking a lot of to-go.The food itself is awesome though. What we had:House Margaritas ($3.50 during happy hour from 3pm-7pm. Felt like a generous portion of tequila. I like.)Juan's Sampler (Tasted great, but wow did it fill us up.)Combo Beef & Shrimp Fajita for Two. (Great flavor and very tender. Comes with a good portion of sounds. They even light it on fire before they serve it, awesome.)There are also the complimentary chips and dip. Honestly, one of the best dining experiences I've had. Great place. Our server even mentioned they were planning on increasing the store hours for later nights since they have a full bar and all.
3	Meal:  Good portion and pretty good lunch combo deal. Love the chips and dips they provided.  The churros were really good.Service:  The food was really good but the service was ridiculously slow.  We came here for my coworker's birthday so we have a large party of 11.  I understand that with a large party food sometimes take longer to come out.  However, it is not a reason to make the lunch a 3 hour event.  We looked around and saw that they were a bit understaff so we were a bit patient with waiting.  I was the only one in the group that ordered a margarita because a lot of people said they were great here.  But they managed to forget my drink, it was even harder to wave someone down to remind them.  Alas, I never got it. I'm just going to assume that it was never in the system.  With all the waiting and how long the meal was, one of my other coworker just got up and flagged down the waiter to get our check and paid the bill so we didn't have to wait for split checks. I don't even want to imagine how long that would've taken.Conclusion: I would tell people to try this place but please only do it when you know you do not need to be somewhere after the meal just because you never know when you can leave.
5	Juan and his crew are amazing.... I've enjoyed Lunch, Happy Hour, dinner by myself, with friends, and with a large group.. Always outstanding service, HUGE portions, and the onions and peppers served with the chips and salsa are insanely delicious..
5	This was by far the best restaurant I've ever been. The service is very nice! I ate the fajitas and they were delicious! If your around looking for some good mexican food you should definitely stop by and grab some!!!
4	I've tried this new place several times now so I figured it was time to write a review! I'm a big fan of fajitas and Juan's does it right! The veggies are really good and the seasoning is tasty. Best of all, the kitchen uses high quality meat and it shows. If you don't want beans and salsa, they'll sub a very hearty portion of garlic butter vegetables that are really yummy! The tableside flaming fajita show is a lot of fun for kids and adults. It's a neat gimmick. I do think the portion size on the fajitas for 2 is a bit small; you are better off paying a little extra and order your own fajitas. The chips are pretty good and the salsas are tasty. I really like the bean dip, it's my favorite. The service has always been absolutely amazing. Out of the few times I've dined here, only once did it take a super long time for our food to come out of the kitchen. I don't know what was going on, but it took over 30 minutes. Usually they are pretty fast, making this a great spot to grab a quick and healthy meal before going to a movie, out shopping, etc. I only have two criticisms for the place: 1, make the portion size on the "fajitas for 2" a bit larger and 2, I wish the kitchen would serve homemade tortillas. The tortillas are so bad I usually ask for none to be brought to the table. Overall, the restaurant is cute and comfortable, the prices are fair and the food is good. What's not to like?
1	Food was good, how ever the service was the worst we ever had, the waiter forgot about us for more than 20 minutes, he then sent over another person to take our order, never brought the drink we ordered, had to have the manager get it. when my fajitas came i asked for a plate and next thing i know, our waiter is standing around talking and forgot the plate. another person in our party's order was wrong. the 2 tables that came in after us were more important and got their food before we even ordered. when we told the manager, he was less than concerned and explained that there was a large party on the patio, like that is okay for them to ignore everyone else. would not recommend this place at all. after we said something to the manager both him and the waiter avoided our table, very unprofessional and uncaring towards their patrons.
4	Every bite was delish from the chips and  salsa to the finger licking good chicken fajitas. The chicken was very flavorful and veggies tender but still crisp. Cooked to perfection!  Dave the Manager stopped by our table twice to chat with us. Can't wait to come back and try some other offerings here.
4	My mom has had a huge hole in her heart since her beloved Viva Mercados shut down. In an act of desperation and pure genius, she phoned me and asked if I knew of a great Mexican restaurant in the area. It just so happened that I had bookmarked Juan's a few days earlier and deciding to to put my faith in my fellow Yelpers, we headed over... And once again, my Yelp compadres, you did NOT disappoint.As soon as my mother and I opened the door we were greeted. This is a large space, with a separate bar and patio area (which pleases me because I don't have to sit near children - no offense to you parents out there). We were seated at a table and were greeted within 15 seconds. Needless to say, the serve was on point all night. My iced tea was never more than half full the entire night.Chips and salsa and bean dip came out immediately, quickly followed by grilled peppers and onions.Then we got a cup of the sopa de fidello.  Being the avocado lover I am, I had to gets my guacamole on; Juan's make theirs table side with fresh cilantro, tomatoes, jalapenos, and onions. You really can't mess up guac, it was a total win. Fresh to death. My mother and I wanted to see what these Flamingo Fajitas were all about. We ordered the fajitas for 2 (priced around $23), steak and chicken combo. It came with a side of rice and beans, as well as more guac (there is no such thing as too much guac), pico de gallo, and sour cream. The fajitas came out, our server set the tray done and lite that bad boy on FIY-AH! It was awesome. The fajitas were then placed on the table and we devoured them. The meat was perfectly season as were the onions and peppers. DELICIOSO!!! Some of the best fajitas I've ever had. This entree actually served three and we had left overs.We didn't have room for dessert so we skipped that. All in all, the hole in my mom's heart has been filled. Juan's delivered. Great food, great service. I am a fan. I cannot wait to go back and try their other entrees. Ole!
5	Wow!! So happy we found this place! The first time we visited, the waiter recommended the chorizo fundido for an appetizer. Good call! It was delicious! My husband and I ordered the fajitas for two...again, excellent call! So much food! We had plenty for lunch the next day. My new favorite Mexican restaurant. Oh and service is great too!
5	This has got to be my favorite new spot in town. They opened right down the street from my in laws and we are there all the time. As everyone has said, not only is the food great but the service is incredible. There is never an empty cup in that restaurant and they are quick to refill the chips. They light the fajitas on fire for a little flare right before serving them to you. But my favorite part is the grilled onions they bring out with the cips, salsa and bean dip. Yum!
5	Authentic Mexican food... and this is from someone that was raised on it!! Happy hour Bomb.com!!
5	This place is wonderful! The chips, salsa and bean dip is amazing. I have to stop myself from filling up on them so that I can eat my entree! I order the tomatillo enchilada and it is just amazing. Definitely my favorite mexican food place.
5	I've been several times for lunch and the food has been fantastic every time. The fajitas are so good I can't bring myself to try anything else on the menu. The onions and peppers are perfectly cooked with just the right amount of caramelization that makes them irresistibly tasty. Price is great as well.
5	Me and my husband decided to try this New Mexican Restaurant (despite already having a "usual" Mexican place we frequent). We showed up 10 minutes before they closed and honestly expected a little rushing on their part perhaps a little attitude .... I know how it is when customers come in minutes before closing when you're expecting to start clean up and get out of there. However, we were treated very patiently and kindly by the hostess, waiter and busier. We were really hungry and they brought out chips, salsa, retried beans, and grilled onions and peppers! It was great. I was even more pleased to see that they had a section on the menu for vegetarians!! I was thrilled! We got our food rather fast, it looked great and tasted great. Serving size was perfect and we were able to take home leftovers. Bathrooms were clean, restaurant had an overall pleasing atmosphere. Hubby and I decided to make this our new home Mexican restaurant!
4	I have to admit that I was skeptical of all the great reviews ... I must qualify that by saying I am very picky about Mexican food. ... Because I love it & eat it all the time!!1st visit: I had the chorizo tacos ... Excellent!Rice and beans were good, tooI was especially impressed with the fideo soup ... very tasty broth.  I don't usually like fideo [Lindo you better step up your game]Service was excellent ... I came after work, and got no grief for asking for a booth even though I was solo. I'll probably give 5 stars after trying a few more items!!2nd visit: less than 1 week later, I'm here after a hard day's work. Happy Hour ... YAY!Enjoyed the HH classic margarita on the rocks. Today, I tried the Juan's sampler which included taquitos, nachos & quesadilla with sour cream, and guac ... Again enough food for two meals. Excellent service, upon arrival I was asked if I wanted my usual booth ... Of course I did, glad the host remembered me.  I wish they were close to home, but they're close to work so that's OK too
5	Hands down the best chicken fajitas ive had in Vegas and Ive had a lot of different restaurant's fajitas. Service is always great, prices are good, and I am really looking forward to the breakfast menu that they are launching soon.
5	Its REALLY good. My best friend and I came in on a Monday night a little less then an hour before closing. It wasn't really busy, there were about 4-5 other tables occupied. Service was exceptional (6 stars!). The staff was so friendly, through out the entire meal. We lost track of time talking and didn't realize that all the patrons had left and that it was waaay past closing (45 minutes +) and no one rushed us out. Even after we left and were getting in our car, someone came out just to say thanks and to have a good evening. On top of the outstanding service, the food was excellent and well priced. The complimentary chips and salsa came with beans and grilled onions and peppers. We ordered the guacamole and fajita steak nachos. Margaritas were only $4.50. Everything we ordered was delish! I highly recomment this place for a casual spot for good food and sipping on margaritas.
5	Hernan was our waiter and he was exceptional. Every time our glasses were close to 1/4 empty he was refilling.Drink were amazing, strawberry margarita and corona magarita.Fajitas were quite a show, they looked delicious. Hernan recommended the steak and shrimp and it was money. The strawberry sopapita was fantastic.Definitely recommend that you try this place , great atmosphere and service to back up great food.
4	Good food, extremely friendly service both in the bar and in the restaurant. I had the grilled fish tacos - you have the choice to substitute your rice for veggies. They were grilled, fresh, and a generous serving  - much better than I would expect for veggies at a Mexican restaurant! Reasonably priced.
4	Best salsa I have found so far, and you get so many choices everyone can find something.
5	I love everything about this place.  Greeters were super friendly,  service was excellent, and the food is terrific!  In the last 2 weeks we have been here 4 times!  Jose is our favorite server.  Our family has a lot of allergies and Jose gets it right and is very accommodating...  It is our favorite Mexican food in Vegas now!
2	I don't understand how people can rate so high. Came in greeters were awesome, was seated and then came the wait. Food was alright a bit salty, the hit here is the flaming fajitas which they douse in vegetable oil in order to light. We did really enjoy the chips, salsa, and onion chile slices however we did not receive amazing service like most if the reviews. They took ten minutes to get our waters and soft drinks, and the pina colada my dad ordered was pretty much ice chunks and milk. After receiving our meal we had to flag them down to get refills and extra napkins or what not. Definitely not a high chance of returning.
5	Super Delish!! Very impressed with the level of service, the quality of food... Ambiance. All great. Nice bar, Happy Hour deals thru whole restaurant. We will absolutely be returning here again. Yummy!!!
5	The Caronaritas are amazing!!!  5 stars for sure. We had the chicken and beef fajitas that they let us split. I am amazed anytime I receive amazing customer service!  This is on our go to list for sure. A ton of family members have went just from us telling about it. Omg chips and salsa they do let u fill up be care cause you won't have room for the amazing meal your about to eat :)
4	Not only good, but friendly!  As in, as I walked in on a rainy night, 4 people I know came over to say hi.  So that's where you've all been!  Really, really good fajitas.  Really, really good margaritas.  I'm coming back!
5	Love this place. Consistent as can be, and service is top notch.One might think, "Hmm fajitas - doesn't that usually mean dry chicken and stiff steak?"(at least that's what I thought) but I've been proven wrong time and time again at Juan's. Juan's fajitas are the benchmark of fajitas. It's almost as if the meats/proteins come out slightly rare on purpose, knowing that they will be the perfect temperature in about 30 flaming seconds, or the time in which it takes to assemble your first fajita and nab a first bite.If you like fajitas, you will LOVE this place.If you don't like fajitas, try Juan's and you will understand why fajitas exist.(Awesome salsa and bean dip, too.)
4	I loved that they offered vegetables for a side. Usually Mexican food is so heavy but this was a pleasant surprise. And the veggies were delicious.  Actually everything was delicious.  We will be back.
4	The hubby and I love, love, love this place!  The fajitas are amazing - I have always loved fajitas but hubby was never a fan until we came here!  Now whenever we come here we share the most delicious steak fajitas we have ever had.  What I really love is that you can get grilled veggies instead of rice and beans.  Their pico de gallo and guacamole that comes with the fajitas is fresh and delish too.I love the grilled jalapenos and onions that come with the delicious salsas and a basket of chips when you come in.What gives this four instead of five stars is the chips and tortillas - they are not made in-house.  The chips can be on the stale side.  I'm also not a fan of the soup that comes with the meals but no biggie - more room for fajitas!However the warm, friendly and attentive service more than makes up for store bought chips.  Most of the time Juan himself comes and checks on you and service has always been terrific!  We love this place!
5	It is nice to have a GOOD Mexican restaurant in this area.  Every meal I have had has been tasty and very fresh.
5	This place is fantastic. Great tasting food. Excellent service. Staff were very warm and welcoming. Got chips and salsa as well as these delicious grilled peppers and onions as soon as we sat and ordered our food and beers. When our food came.... It was so good.. Will definately be back!!! They have great football specials too!
4	The food was pretty good. What was exciting was their fajitas! Lighting them on fire was an excellent touch. Been there a few times already.
5	Great food.
5	Seriously some great food. The service was spot on and the price was remarkable. We are looking at going back. This is our new Mexican Restaurant.
5	We love this place! Normally we dine in getting a queso fundido, shrimp ceviche salad and fajitas, which we always have a ton of leftovers to bring home, typically lasting us another meal or two. It is always pleasant and the food is constantly delicious. We enjoy the free chips, salsa and bean dip as soon as we sit. However, today we got take out of just the shrimp ceviche salad and the fundido to go everything was just as delicious at home. I did ask for the fundido in a metal tin so I could reheat it in the oven, it was perfect, hot and delicious. The salad is constantly perfect to me and the edible bowl has a great flavor.
5	We tried Juan's for lunch for the first time today after it was recommended to us by some friends. It was terrific. Perfect-sized portions, excellent, friendly service and fair prices. The flaming fajitas looked great when the waiter arrived with them at our table and they tasted as good as they looked. We also tried the Chicken Chimi and a Green Chili Pork burrito. Both were perfect; very flavorful. We liked the chips, salsa and bean dip served as soon as we sat (included with the meal.All in all, a very good lunch. We met Juan, the owner, afterward to tell him how much we enjoyed the meal and his clean, friendly, new restaurant. We'll be telling our friends.
5	I have eaten here twice, well actually I ate inside once and took an order to go once. Both times the food was equally delicious, the first time getting a burrito and the second getting the nachos; one person I dined with had enchiladas, another had tacos, and the other had a taco salad - every person only had great things to say about the food. Beyond that, the service was perfect, we sat in the cantina area to watch MNF and the staff was attentive without being annoying, every request was met quickly with a smile.  If you have a chance to sit and eat here or to take it to go, do it!
4	The first time we went here the fajitas were outstanding!  Meat was soft, tender, and flavorful....financially, it was also a great deal!  However, the second time, which was last week, was entirely different.  We didn't order the fajita's (big mistake because I think that's really all they're known for) and ordered the sampler platter.  The food was bland, the presentation looked as if the food was slapped on the plate and then sat there for 30 minutes until the food conglomerated together.  All together, the chicken meat was tender but there was absolutely no flavor.  -I'm sticking with those awesome fajitas next time!_They really should invest in a pager system for customers as there's absolutely no room to stand and wait in the entrance.
5	I wanted some good Mexican so I decided to register on Yelp and look up what was available.  My first experience with Yelp and with Juan's.  The Yelp reviews were spot on and so was the food.  I will definitely go back.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.  The pork fajita was excellent.  Very tender chucks of pork that fell about in your mouth.  Wonderful.  I also drink a lot of soda when I eat.  I hate places that don't keep you in drinks.  This place got an A+.  I always had a least a half full glass of soda!
4	Food was pretty good but the service was fantastic. Even though we walked in 40 minutes to closing, the staff was attentive and polite. I will stop by next time I'm in the neighborhood.
5	I have eaten Mexican food extensively throughout the entire SW USA for many years.   Juan's Flaming Fajitas & Cantina have the best Fajitas that I have ever eaten anywhere, bar none!   They bring the Fajitas to the table and then throw on a large shot of clear liquor which instantly burst into flames.   We get the Steak Fajitas and the meat is deliciously flavored, soft - not dry and hard as so often they are else where, and mouth watering!   Of course you get the Nachos served immediately with both a hot dip and a hot bean dip.   With the Fajitas for 2 you get a very tasty cup of soup and then a large platter with rice and beans which are delicious.   The decor is simple with an outside eating area offered as well.   The service is fantastic, attentive and always give you the feeling they really want you to enjoy your meal with them.   On our second visit, though not our waiter, the waiter who had served us the last time checked on us several times to insure we were enjoying ourselves.   He actually remembered us from our first visit.   You can tell the staff enjoys working together and insuring that each customer enjoys their visit with them.   It has become our number one place to take visitors to eat and they are always impressed with the quality, amount and taste of their food!
5	This place was amazing.  The service was off the chart and they had wonderful food there on top of it never had an empty drink never had any issues at all.  The fajitas great flavor.  This is one of our new favorite places.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! The service is impeccable--every time!The grilled onions and jalapenos.....DROOL!The shrimp in the shrimp fajitas are PLUMP and large!The fajita burrito is to die for!LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS PLACE!
5	We ordered the fajita's, which were excellent. The service was continually excellent throughout our visit. The service alone warrants 5 stars. My drink was never empty!
3	We started off with the traditional salsa and chips plus a bean dip.  We ordered the signature flaming fajitas with chicken that also included a cup of tomato soup.  The flame was a nice gimmick but the bottom line was the fajitas and soup were pretty average.A rating of 2.5 is appropriate.
5	The service is off the charts.  Always friendly, attentive, never pushy.  Food is good, prices are very reasonable (especially compared with Lindo).  I don't know any place where you can get lunch fajitas for less than ten bucks.  Seems word has gotten out as well, it's getting more crowded as we visit more (which is great).  I hope they do really well.
5	Got there friday at 7 -had to wait about 30 - 40 min. We ordered beef &. Chicken fajita with margarita. Chip and soup were served with grilled vegetables. - nice :)  Our server was very friendly. Food was good - steak was not tender but seasoning was good- not the best fajita i ever have but good enough. Yes i will recommend this place and will come back. It deserve 5 star overall - service and food. Looking for reasonable - not over priced Mexican food? This is the place.
5	First I would like to give you a short history on my relationship with Mexican food so that you can fully understand how genuine my review is.  I was born and raised for 17 years in Los Angeles, where I was treated with fantastic Mexican food on every corner.  I moved to Las Vegas and worked in construction for 10 years, surrounded by Mexicans and their wondrous food.  I learned to appreciate everything about authentic Mexican food as well as learn their language.  The problem, there was no good authentic Mexican food in Las Vegas.I have tried almost every restaurant Las Vegas has to offer, and I can tell you now, after visiting Juan's almost 10 times, there is no question that Juan's is the best.You are always greeted at the door with a smile.  If there is no wait, you are quickly seated and if you don't like the table, the host/hostess is more then willing to switch you to the table of your choice.  The bussers  are always quick to respond to your table with chips, salsa, bean dip, and a plate of sauteed jalapenos and onions.The salsa is the closest to Los Angeles style restaurant salsa I have found in Vegas.  My wife caught me eating it with a spoon yesterday.  Yes, it is that good.  The bean dip is the best I have ever had.  I can't explain to you what that really means, just know that Mexican food is my absolute favorite and I love my bean dip.  My wife loves to take the onions, dump them in her bean dip and eat them with a chip.  The flavor is pretty mind blowing.  I prefer to take a jalapeno, and put it on every chip dipped in beans.  If you like spicy or jalapenos, give it a try.  Beware because they staff will continue to replace the bean dip and salsa and attempting not to stuff yourself on these delicacies is a difficult task.Juan has 8 beers on tap.  8!  For a Mexican restaurant this is quite unique.  I have sampled the Dos Equis, Negro Modelo, Victoria, and my wife's Budlight.  The draft is always fresh and the prices are amazing.  Their happy hour runs from 3-7 every day throughout the entire restaurant.  A 22 oz fresh draft for $4.50 is hard to beat.  Every Mexican brew is served with a lime.I am usually almost full by the time the entrees come around but I try to find a way to fit them in.  I have enjoyed every item on their vegetarian menu, their flaming fajitas, their carne asada, and all their entree's have been excellent.  Their flaming fajitas have a great presentation and the portion size is rather large.  There is one restaurant in Las Vegas that beats Juan's just in the Fajita category and that restaurant is called Leticia's.  The reason is because Leticia adds mushrooms and zucchini into her fajitas.  I had to find a solution for this because my wife is a Fajita snob and I didn't want to go to a restaurant that lacks in all other categories because their fajitas were "better" (according to my wife of course).  The solution was simple."Could we add mushrooms and zucchini to our fajitas?"  we asked.  "Of course" was the reply.  And so, our love affair with Juan's has continued and my wife gets the fajitas her way, every time, and they are excellent.This restaurant is the best Mexican food that Las Vegas has to offer and I would put it up against any place in L.A, anytime.  To all my friends that haven't had a chance to partake in Juan's, make time, you are missing out on life.P.S.  If the staff makes any slight mistake, which most restaurants would shrug off, you will be treated with free churros and whip cream.  Pray for a mistake because they rarely make one.
4	We've been coming here since they opened. Everyone that works here is really nice and really good at their job. I never feel like I'm bothering anyone by asking for anything there. They will always put on Pittsburgh sports for us, even though I am pretty sure they aren't Pittsburgh fans.I really like that they have a vegetarian menu, but last time we were in there, the waiter told us the fideo is made with chicken broth (I knew that) and so is the rice (I didn't know that). I mostly don't worry about stuff like broth when it comes to Mexican food, but I do think they need to either tell people or get it out of the rice, because it's a little misleading to call it vegetarian when it isn't. On the other hand, I did ask Juan once if they'd ever consider tofu or fake meat for the fajitas and he told me if I brought some in, they'd try it in ours. I'm not sure if I'm going to do that, but it was nice that he offered!
5	Gotta say that this was one of the best Mexican restaurants period..if you don't believe me then just try it yourself
4	4 stars. Family friendly place when you have a little one is on my top requirements when we go out to eat now. We actually decided to eat dinner earlier and at 5 there was a bunch of families already there eating and watching football. Service was really attentive from the start. We decided to order the mixed fajita (chicken and beef). We both got Fideo soup and it was pretty tasty. The flaming fajitas part was entertaining but I think what matters is the food. The chicken and beef were tasty and moist and I even ended up eating onions with it and I don't like onions.  I asked for double rice instead of the rice and beans on the side and they gave it to me like I asked! The tortilla was a thicker type kind of like the type you get at Taco Bell, but other than the tortilla everything was delicious. We actually ended up ordering the churros for dessert too which was good. Overall, this place is good if you want fajitas. I definitely want to try some of the other items on the menu too.
4	Pretty good happy hour. Good chips and bean dips with salsas. The quesadilla and rolled tacos are just ok but the fajitas are really good, and that's what you're coming here for anyways. The margaritas are good too.
5	My family and I have been here about 8 times. Everytime we leave we say how awesome our meal was. I have tried different items on the menu and have never been disappointed. The food and service is always exceptional..I would like to mention a server in particular who is absolutely by far the best server we have ever had and we dine out alot. His name is Hernan. Hernan is always attentive and always has suggestions for us to try from food to tequila. Great place to bring family and friends. Juan who ever you are I believe you hit the jackpot!
5	THIS place has shot straight to the number one position in my "best Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas" list.  There are a number of reasons as to why I think Juan's is #1 but for the most part: the food is fresh, cooked perfectly, unique, and consistently delicious; the service is probably the best I have experienced at a Mexican restaurant; their alcoholic beverages are nice and stiff (unlike most watered-down drinks at similar restaurants); the decor is actually really nice and comforting with great booths and TVs strategically placed around the whole restaurant; and, last but not least - the waiters and staff are AMAZING. Chips, salsa and bean dip were brought to our table within seconds of being seated. I really, really enjoyed the flavor and spice level of the salsa - it was unique, tasty, and definitely did not come from a jar.  The bean dip was great too. I ordered fish tacos my girlfriend ordered the Enchiladas en Tomatillo after our waiter highly recommended she try it.  Before our food came, our waiter brought out some complimentary soup.  I'm pretty sure it was pizole or fideo, but I could be wrong. Either way, it tasted amazing and I actually finished the whole bowl. I never like the soup at Mexican restaurants, but the broth was so flavorful I found myself slurping up the entire bowl. My fish tacos were pretty good - the fish was crispy and flaky without that soggy-ness that often comes when you do not eat the fish fast enough. I enjoyed them (although they are no Phranks!).  The REAL winner were the enchiladas. Ohmygod I have never tasted enchiladas so delicious, creamy and unique. They had onions and white sauce and cilantro and chicken and cheese and it took everything in me not to finish the rest of my girlfriend's meal when she left the table to use the restroom. I highly recommend this dish. I will be back ASAP to try the flaming fajitas. The table next to us ordered some and all I could hear during the remainder of our meal were variations of "mmmm, ohmygod, did you try this? damn this is good."  Also, we ordered a couple of Coronaritas, which were made with top shelf tequila,  and they were cheap AND fantastic. I wish I lived closer because Juan's has a great happy hour and Mexican restaurants never have great food AND great service.  Juan's definitely gives all other Vegas Mexican restaurants in this price range something to be scared of ... because they all need to step up their game.
2	Reading the yelp reviews prior to my visit, I was expecting a lot more. While the hostesses were friendly, the waiter I had was not. He was short, despite me being very polite, and that frustrates me when I am patronizing a business. I ordered the vegetarian fajitas, but was dismayed when I was offered a side of rice. As a precaution, I asked if the rice had any meat in it or if it was cooked in a meat based broth. Indeed, it is cooked in chicken stock. Okay, why, then, was I offered it if I ordered off the vegetarian section of the menu? 15 minutes later, I was brought a complimentary appetizer soup. Again asking the same question, I was told that this, too, had chicken stock in it. Hmm.My suggestion to Juan: please tell your staff to not offer meat-based items to those guests who order off of the vegetarian section of the menu. Or, offer them, but indicate right then that they are made with meat-based ingredients. When my entree came out, the pan was barren and a couple veggies that were listed on the menu were not served. And the taste was nothing to get excited over. There are two other Mexican spots in town that have delicious veggie fajitas, and these ones just left me yearning for more.
5	First visit and I must say the service is absolutely amazing, best I've had in a really long time!!! As for the food...just as amazing as the service!!!
4	We enjoyed our dinner here the staff was very nice.  Perfect Margarita !  Soup was tasty!  We had the shrimp and the fish tacos with rice and beans.  We will be going back to try the flaming fajitas.
5	Delicious food. Great price. We order to go, and they give us a giant sac of food including chips, salsa, soup, and bean dip included with our meals. They are friendly and quick. Also, they have several vegetarian options.
5	Some of my family came here for dinner when we were visiting my uncle. Despite the great Yelp reviews, this place was not really busy on a Saturday night. That might have been because it was a long weekend but it was fine as our part of 7 got seated immediately. From the moment we walked in, the service was really friendly and excellent.They give you bean dip, salsa, and chips to start. The chips were okay; the salsa was good but pretty spicy, and the bean dip was a nice alternative to the spiciness of the salsa. The drinks are really reasonably priced (like $5-6 for margaritas and less for beers) and looked good although I didn't order anything. The menu is pretty extensive and has a ton of options. Everything we ordered looked awesome and what I tried was really good. They light the fajitas "on fire" which is a nice presentation. More importantly, I tried some of my mom and brother's fajitas and they were really well seasoned and perfectly cooked. My cousin had one of the platos, shrimp with the mojo de ajo. He liked it a lot but I found it way too spicy. I had the enchiladas de mole. I liked my dish, but I found the mole sauce a bit disappointing. I think it had peanut butter in it did not compare to other mole sauces I have had. A bit too heavy and sweet, but it was alright with sour cream and I liked the chicken inside it a lot. Based solely on my dish, I would probably give this place 4 stars but I think it definitely deserves 4.5 based on the other stuff I tried, and I round up because of the service. They have a little stage so I assume they have live music from time to time and their happy hour looks good also. I would come back again when visiting my uncle.
5	Wow!  I would give 6 stars to Juan's Flaming Fajitas & Cantina if I could.Thank you Yelp..never would have found them without you!Best experience in any restaurant EVER no matter the cost, country or nationality!  From the moment we walked in at 3:15 in the afternoon we were treated like long time customers (that tip very good) It was truly amazing.  The hostess girl at the front desk was so sweet and so nice and our server super nice, helpful and FAST... my only caveat is to be careful with the roasted peppers that come with the chips and salsa...Very HOT! Whew! but I recovered fast...  We arrived in time for happy hour and were happy to see red wine for $4.50 a glass and decided to do 4 different happy hour treats from the special menu.  We do this from time to time at different restaurants as we eat our dinner early so we don't go to bed with a full stomach.When the food came we were shocked at the size of the portions! they were huge and each came with very generous portions of avocado and sour cream.  We had the fajita nachos and fajita quesadillas, shrimp cerviche and something else I don't recall.  Every thing was delicious and full of meat.  The cerviche was delicious, cool, refreshing and with lots of shrimp and avocado in it.The red wine was tasty and everyone (including both the manager and the hostess) came by to see if everything was OK, at which time we gave them a total thumbs up!We ended up packing up enough for us to have a light lunch in a day or two.I can't recommend this place highly enough.  Excellent experience!
5	Awesome place and service. The food was so good. I can't wait to go back. You won't be disappointed :)
5	We ate there last night for the first time. Ordered fajitas for two. They came out on this mini stove with everything sizzling. Excellent food and price was also good.Overall I give this place a 5.
5	Took my parents and boyfriend here last night and left highly impressed!! Delicious food, great presentation, killer prices, good service. Both couples had beef & chicken fajitas with all the fixings for 2 people for $24.99. Chips, salsa, bean dip and soup come complimentary. Happy hour until 7. We had tons of leftovers. We all stuck to fajitas so I can't comment on the other food. Although, my mom's margarita was so-so and the chips could've been better warm. Very casual atmosphere. Will definitely be back!
3	I finally tried out JFF! The parking lot was packed when we arrived, so I worried we might have to wait long for a table. Nope! Just a couple minute wait and we were on our way. Soon chips, salsa and bean dip were at our table. They also brought a side of grilled veggies! The salsa was alright, but could have been thicker for my preference. The bean dip was very good as were the chips. Our server mentioned they have excellent guacamole made table-side. The guac sounded good and I would be the only one trying it so, I asked for the small side priced at $3.95 on the menu. The small side of guacamole was not made table-side so I didn't get to choose any of the ingredients that went into the guac. It was just brought to the table already prepared. I didn't like it at all. it was just bland mashed avocados with way to many tomatoes in it. I would have liked some onion, jalapeno, salt and maybe even some lime, but I wasn't offered any. The kicker for me was when my food arrived and there was about the same amount of the same exact bland guacamole on my plate that I paid extra for prior. Had I known, I wouldn't have ordered the other, but the server also said it would be made table-side and to my customization.My friend and I ordered "Combo Fajitas For Two" priced at $25.95 with beef and pork. This comes with a cup of "Fideo Soup" that is out of this world yummy. The soup really packed some delicious flavor. One thing that impressed me here is that a lot of the time when you order fajitas somewhere it usually is just meat and tortillas, but they actually gave a small side of sour cream, bland guacamole, pico de gallo and you can choose flour or corn tortillas. The meal also came with rice and beans that were very good. The fajitas were so-so for me. The meat is thicker than I am used to and was a bit tough and the bell peppers were still to raw and not cooked enough. My hubby ordered his own combo plate that had Chile Relleno and a Cheese Enchilada and thought it was good, but nothing to write home about. There were major hits and misses with the whole meal. Our server was very friendly and checked on us often. It was worth at least giving it a try! Will I come back? Not anytime soon, but I can see giving JFF another shot at some point maybe with a coupon.When you walk in the dining area is on the right and there is a cantina towards the left. Happy Hour is 7 days a week from 3 pm - 7 pm.
5	Juan's is our favorite go to Mexican place in town.  The service is always outstanding.  My husband enjoys being greeted by the manager who will help him with his Spanish.  The bartender always recognizes us.  The cups are never empty.  The chips, beans, and salsa are always refilled.  Food always comes out Flamin' fresh.  My husband and I always get an iced tea, a coke, and chicken fajitas for 2...  We love getting the two plates of grilled veggies rather than the rice and beans. With tip it comes to $36.  How can you beat that?  That is enough to take home to add to lunch salads for two days as well!  For great food, friendly service, and fun atmosphere, check this place out!
5	My husband and I came here for lunch on New Year's Day. Everything was delicious; from the complimentary bean dip, chips and salsa to my amazingly good ( and $9.99!) steak fajitas to my hubby's 3-item combo plate of carne asada, carnitas tacos and cheese enchilada ($10!). Our guacamole was delicious.  I love this place!
5	I thought I had yelped this already but here goes....This place is AMAZING.....beats Lindo by food and price!!!My family and I go at least once a week and anytime we have out of town guests we take them too.Fajitas for 2 is the best deal in town (it can actually feed 3 depending on your appetite)They also have a great happy hour and you don't have to sit in the bar to order from the happy hour menu.Def my favorite Mexican food in Vegas!
3	I love me some fajitas so since it's in the name of this place it should be good. Note that I said "should be" good. I want to first point out that the service here was great. Our waiter came back to see if we needed anything and even brought more then 1 bean dip and salsa for the table without us asking. Most of the time you get a tiny cup to share with a group of people but these were decent sized salsa and bean dips and requesting more was no charge. I didn't care for the salsa and it was thin. The bean dip was good and liked by our table. A cup of Fideo soup was included with the meal and it was really good. For dinner I had a 2 item combo. Chili Relleno, Cheese Enchilada and of course rice and beans. The beans were good because it was probably the same bean dip we were eating previously. The rice was dry and nasty. My plate was swimming in red sauce and some of it was soggy. The relleno wasn't great but I did enjoy the enchilada, soggy and all. This plate could have had less sauce so you could get more flavor from what was under it. My wife and a friend had fajitas and I ended up eating a couple. The meat was tough and chewy and the vegetables weren't even cooked. My wife is also in love with avocados and was not pleased with their guacamole at all. Maybe we came on an off night because this appears to be a popular place and the restaurant had plenty of customers in it. I just can't say I ate anything that I would come back for.
3	Fajitas were good, but appetizers and other dishes could use some work.  Flavor and texture was off.
1	Underwhelming. The entrees (steak fajita salad and veggie enchilada) were bland and mostly, well, whatever a good synonym for bland would be: tasteless, flavorless, dull...beige. It's basically Mexican food for people who like Mexican food but don't like all the flavor and spices and all the other stuff that makes Mexican food worth eating. At least the steak was stringy and the choice of vegetables was odd. (Who puts broccoli in fajitas?) I will say this in Juan's favor: True to their name, the fajitas were indeed flaming when they got to the table. But once the flames were extinguished so was our enthusiasm for the food.
5	Great prices and happy hour everyday.
5	My husband and I are obsessed with this place! The food is great (we usually order the fajitas for two), the staff is amazingly attentive and super friendly, the service is quick, and we really enjoy having a great Mexican restaurant close by. Highly recommend Juan's!
5	Love this place!!! drinks, chips, salsa, bean dip and the fajitas were delish!! Good service too!
5	Excellent fresh mex & very friendly service!
5	After a busy day, I was starving and craving a little Mexican food. After checking Yelp, we decided to give Juan's  a try. We went early around 6 pm and were seated rather quickly.  The service was very good and the server, busser, and manager were all attentive. They brought out bean dip and salsa immediately which was so good. Once we ordered , we received fideo soup which I could have eaten 5 bowls of.  I ordered a shrimp chimichanga w veggies and my hubby ordered a carne asada burrito.  Both of us cleared our plates!  My first margarita was a little strong and just ok. But it was happy hour so it was good for the price. I definitely wouldn't go that early again as the place was packed with kids. I'm not anti kid but don't think they should be allowed to run around and scream in a restaurant. We will totally go back again soon and will recommend to friends.
4	Second part for Shirley B birthday party week. I got excited again too be trying out someplace new one that rave all about the Faming Fajitas. Need say more its all in the name of the restaurant. I never ordered the Flaming Fajitas. I felt like constant bonfires going off every five mins looking around the restaurant. So really hard not too order the star or show stopper but thankfully bunch of us so got too watch the show up close. I heard about looked and smelled great everyone said that it was really good. What I did order was the Carne Asada Burrito. I loved it! The portion size is huge. I know its mexican restaurant so that really should not come as shocker. I felt like you got nice portion of rice and beans. Not only the size but everything on the plate had great flavors and really really good. The Carne Asada meat by itself was fabulous! The thing was the burrito was packed with meat more meat and went with the red not green chili.  The meat was nice, moist, well seasoned, and use base carne asada any style taco, burrito, or whatever be in Carne Asada heaven. The rice and refried beans had nice flavor. Sometimes go mexican restaurant taste very bland or feel like out of can. I felt like both sides freshly made each day. The guacamole was nice. The chips and salsa start up with highly ADDICTING. The chips were nice, Hot, fresh and crispy. The salsa too the warm bean dip. Be warned might want too take it easy on the chips before your meal. No room for entree.The service was awesome. We brought in two different desserts from outside businesses. They still more then happy too keep them refrigerated in the back until we finish with dinner. Missing candles they found two candles for us. The whole they never raised stink eye about us bringing outside stuff. The staff guess birthday they sing happy birthday and the birthday person gets too wear sambrero. We slowly but in time we all showed. I felt like they never rushed us too turn over our big table. Never empty glass of beverage or chips on our table the whole night. They more then happy too split our checks. Talk about reasonable family friendly prices. It been while since went too mexican restaurant but here at Juan Flaming Fajitas one that see coming back many more times.!!!!!!
4	Happy Birthday, Tita Shirley B!!  For now on when I think of Juan's Flaming Fajitas, I going to think about Shirley B's Birthday celebration. It was Shirley's pick to come here.  And when people asked her why Juan's for her birthday, her response was "because it's MY birthday".  I agree with your choice, Tita.  Juan's was a great dinner.  One thing I love about fajitas in general is that you can chose to make it a high calorie meal or a low calorie meal.  It really all depends how many fajitas you plan on demolishing and what you put in it.  But Juan's is more than just their infamous flaming fajitas, right?  Sure it is.  At Juan's there's a huge selection of Mexican dishes and by the looks at everyone's orders around the restaurant, the dishes are definitely hooked up.  Review their menu...you got burrito options, taco concoctions, salads, nachos, ensaladas, soups, chimichangas, and of course, fajitas.  But before I even talk about their main dishes, I have to mention their bottomless tortilla chips.  My goodness, it should be a crime that these are bottomless.  The chips didn't even have a chance.  After multiple chip refills (i.e. 9 basket of chips), I came to the conclusion that their tortilla chips are addicting.  I swear, they should rename this place to Juan's Flaming Fajitas and Tortilla Chips.  Just saying. Everyone on our table, with the exception of Chad S and Mr B (aka Shirley's husband), got the fajitas.  I didn't try Chad's Carne Asada Burrito, but was able to sample some of Mr. B's Steak Taquitos.  The taquitos are bigger than most. It's was more like a mini-chimichanga if you ask me.  Terri and I shared the steak & chicken fajita combo (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=l3lS7rPzGYQukY10aqTMSQ&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ).  This is huge, feeds two, and was served flaming.  Yup...this was one good dish.  Both the steaks and chicken were seasoned, properly cooked, tender, and fresh.  Hard for me to describe, but their fajitas is pretty much as good as it gets.  As for their service, I thought that it was pretty good considering how busy the place was.  The restaurant is decently sized with the bar on one side and the main dining area in another.  Both had one thing in common...tons of TV's from every angle.  Yeah buddy!!  Not missing sports at this restaurant.  Our server was Juan.  No joke.  We had Juan, not THE Juan, you know the one.  He was great and treated us like we were his only customers.  It's like Juan on One.  Hah!  All joking aside, Juan was great.  By the way, there's 3 other Juan's working here too.  I bet you can't find that anywhere.  I wonder if I go to Mel's Diner would I find 3 other Mel's.  I bet not.  Juan's allowed us to take our own desert, which consisted of Hello Kitty cupcakes and an Niner/Hello Kitty Birthday Cake.  All for Shirley B.  Juan and the staff at Juan's brought the deserts to our table while singing Happy Happy Birthday to Shirley B.  Overall...fajitas and a lot of sugar with friends equals a great time.  Happy Birthday, Shirley B!  Go Niners!!!PS:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=nf8fxHNYMolClFYLYU3yQg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
5	Wow this place is AMAZING...after driving by this place an friend saying we need to try it we finally did. Needless to stay the food an service impeccable. We both had chicken fajitas an they were great. I love the fact they bring them out on these cool pod looking skillets is the only way to describe it still sizzling an then they set them on fire. It's so cool. I love the way they stay warm while the fire underneath keeps them a cooking. I would def. recommend this place to everyone. The food Great...the service great.
5	Great food.  And our server Arturo was awesome. And even the busser was quick and had a conversation with is.  Really liked that the owner himself came by to ask how everything was and to thank us for coming in and to chit chat for a minute. Being in the restaurant industry myself I hold high expectations and this place did. Great job guys. Keep up the good work and great tasting food.
5	We love this place! I'm so happy my fiance' and I found our favorite Mexican restaurant. After moving out here to Vegas, we have realized how many mediocre restaurants there are and we haven't been "wowed" with any place but this one. The service is fantastic and the staff is so friendly. The complimentary fideo soup is always good. We usually order the beef fajitas which are never disappointing! This is by far the best Mexican restaurant in Vegas!
5	Love this place! All my buddies from vivas work there! The service is amazing and the food is delicious cooked just right and the marinade is sooo good! Two thumbs up!!! Always a great experience:)
4	In town for a convention and looking for something away from the strip. Found this place on Yelp and was not disappointed. Mango margaritas were tasty as were the shrimp tacos. The waiter mistakenly brought me the fish tacos (which were actually quite good as well) and was very apologetic when I pointed this out. He then replaced them as quickly as possible.
5	I love fajitas. When I hear that sizzling sound coming toward my table, I am a happy camper.Unfortunately, in every Mexican restaurant in which I've eaten, the fajitas cost twice as much as the combo plates, so I've been eating combos because I get 3 selections, and they fill me up.What separates this place from the other Mexican restaurants are the fajitas.They are reasonably priced, AND the portions are bigger than most other places, so for me, it's the best of both worlds.I can't fault them for being on the other side of town, so I'll just eat my combos closer to home, and when I'm in the mood for fajitas, I'll drive the extra 15 or 20 minutes and go here. It's worth it!Really, really good!
5	Arrived during a weekend night for my birthday dinner.  The foyer was packed with patrons waiting for a table. Thanks to Terri R who made reservations days in advance. Once we told the hostess who we were they immediately took us to our table that already had  menus, place settings, plus we each had our own chips, bean dip and salsa already set on the table! I had brought some cupcakes and the host offered to store in their refrigerator as well. What nice start!Menu featured their signature Flaming Fajitas, with choice of beef, pork,chicken or shrimp. You can do an individual order or a combo for two which included your choice of 2 meats. The latter being the better deal at $25.95. The extensive menu also included combination plates, vegetarian dishes, specialty entrees, tacos and enchiladas.Mr. B. got an order of tacquitos for appetizers. It was an unexpectedly huge order too.  This alone could be a meal. It sure was plenty to share with our group. The complimentary bean dip was my favorite side. The beans whipped smooth and delicious!  It was quite addicting.  So our orders of the flaming fajitas were presented at the same time. All three were lighted simultaneously right at our table. Flames shooting a good 3 feet! You could even feel the heat! (http://instagram.com/p/jGA9r1jSB9/ ) It went out like a flash and charred the fajitas perfectly. The beef was tender, well marinated, good southwest flavor and seasoning. Grilled onions and green peppers were right texture as well. We each had our fajitas in sterno heated griddles that kept our fajitas sizzlin throughout our meal.Service from beginning to end..MUY BIEN! Great teamwork by all staff. They were not only gracious enough to store my birthday cupcakes, little did I know my awesome friends also had a birthday cake for me which they not only stored but they provided the candles and brought out the cake lit up and sang HBD, maracas, sombrero and all!Atmosphere was festive and family friendly. Large dining area, can accommodate large groups. The bar is in a separate section. It's also cool place to watch sports with tvs around the dining area. So summing it all up: Festive + FUNtastic + Foodielious Flaming Fajitas + F(ph)enomenal Friends + Forty Niners(cake https://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/YUjPn82nej6E1xy5M4Wtdw/l.jpg) = FIVE Star FAB Fifty Birthday dining experience!
5	My wife and I have a timeshare just up around the corner and in looking for someplace close we stumbled onto this gem. We went their for lunch and we will definitely be back. The service was courteous, pleasant, and attentive. The food was absolutely wonderful. Their chips, salsa, and bean dip are a great starter.
5	Thank you, Shirley B, for choosing Juan's Flaming Fajitas for your birthday celebration. If not for you, I probably wouldn't have made it to this place. I also probably wouldn't have developed an obsession with homemade flour tortillas, either! Yes, it's that good, and I can't stop thinking about it...Okay, concentrate Suzy. Let's write about the other awesome stuff:Service.The water/sodas were filled continuously throughout our meal. Endless warm chips, salsa, and delicious bean dip were replenished quickly. Too quickly! Food delivery was speedy, too. Shirley B & Terri R both brought outside desserts and the staff was more than happy to supply the candles we forgot (oops!) and present it with an enthusiastic birthday song and sombrero for the birthday girl! Awesome, friendly, and efficient staff!Value.I don't frequent Mexican restaurants very much, but I think it's a great deal. All entrees include unlimited chips/salsa, fideo soup, choice of vegetables or rice/beans. Our party ordered the infamous fajitas. Get the combo if you're sharing, it's definitely worth the price. Even the other items, such as the big bowl of pozole my boyfriend ordered was only $4.95. Food Taste:I've had the shrimp fajitas. Big shrimps! My party loved them and Chad S loved his carne asada burrito. We've returned back a 2nd night and we ordered the Dulce De Leche Fried Ice Cream. Yum! We have to go back to try their Sopapillas, for sure!Homemade Flour Tortillas. (Yes, it's that good)I've been a deprived girl who hadn't been exposed to authentic tortillas very often. From now on, I'll be comparing future flour tortillas to Juan's. And yes, I know, if you're eating authentic Mexican food, you're supposed to be eating corn tortillas. But I can't help it, I love them! Served piping hot, it's so delicious that you can just eat it by itself. Or with a bit of their bean dip. It's worth the drive just for these. I'm planning my next trip there as I write this...There's TVs to watch the game, decently clean restrooms, and has a very festive atmosphere like most good Mexican joints. Come here for your next fajita fix. But bring me back more tortillas. ;)
3	We tried this place because of the favorable Yelp reviews and were disappointed.  Granted, we did a carry out, we felt the food was best marginal.  On a scale of 1-10, we gave the food a 3-4.  Very plain  across the board.  Service and manager was friendly.May be better eating in the restaurant.
5	This is a full five star restaurant. The service is as good as it can be and the food is always on the level. This place really goes out of its way to put that little extra something on the plate. Whoever doesn't like Juan's just simply doesn't know good Mexican food. I have been eating here from the day it opened and I'm not going to stop anytime soon. Thanks to all the staff at Juan's ill be back soon as usual. Highly recommend the breakfast burritos and the chimichangas !!!!
5	Great place! Love the sports, music variety, and most of all the bean dip with onions and peppers with the delicious chips and salsa! The food is standard good Mexican what separates this place is price and quality, along with the bean dip and onions and peppers! And oh did I mention the bean dip, onions and peppers!? We'll be coming back!
5	Once again an amazing food. Came here for dinner this time . Great food an great customer service. Had the fried fish tacos an pork tamales with green sauce an let me say it was Awesome. The fish tacos were perfect. I would say if you like fish tacos you have to have these. Anv the tamales yummy. This is our fav. Mexican restaurant now. I recommend it highly to everyone.
1	I don't understand how this place got the reviews it did, maybe friends and family. It's just another below average mexican restaurant. Same old beans covered with jack cheese, converted rice cooked with tomato paste and canned salsa. The tamales had little filling and the masa wasn't cooked. Look I'm not gonna criticize everything. If your idea of mexican food is cheap canned product covered with cheese and "red or green" sauce this is the ideal place.
5	Incredible lunch specials. Perfect service. Plenty of options. And a delicious, jumbo sized bowl of fresh guacamole. We will be back here again very soon! I recommend that everyone gives this place a try!
5	This is the second time eating here and again great. Service was spot on!! Good Job!I visit Vegas about once a month and like to find great places. We went in for happy hour and the food was great. Fajitas (chicken) were very good. The wife and I went home full!!Thanks again for a great dinner.Tony
4	This place is a hidden gem. Fajitas are wonderful and a good size portion. Atmosphere is cute. The staff are very friendly. Happy Hour is 7 days a week from 3-7. Reasonably priced. This is definitely my new "go to" place.
3	As the name describes it, they server flaming fajitas. The concept is great, the taste is just decent. They bring your fajita in a skillet and they set it on fire on your table, it was actually pretty cool!  I feel like the meat needs some more flavor, it was a bit overcooked and under seasoned. Chips, salsa and guacamole were very good. I really do not have a lot of bad things to say, but I was really not impressed. The service was good, the atmosphere are price are excellent! Fajitas, rice, beans, guacamole and sopa de fideos with two choices of meat for just 24 dollars! It really sounds like a good deal.
5	Yes is is not on the strip but it is definitely with the drive. My two friends and I spent the day hiking and were ravenous after a long day. We started with the chips and salsa then ordered guac to start which could have been spicier but was fresh as could be. For dinner, the three of us split chicken fajitas for 2.the chicken was done perfectly. Stuffed and satiated does not even begin to describe our food coma. Unfortunately, we were too stuffed to partake in dessert. The churros and fried ice cream looked phenomenal!
5	I have been here many times and the service is always excellent. They bring out chips salsa, bean dip and grilled onions to start. I usually eat here for lunch and go with a special. Lately it has been the grilled chicken taco salad. Yum! They are always on top of drink refills. Best of all they are very reasonable priced for the quality of food and service. Don't forget to try the signature dish as well!
4	I asked my mom what she wanted for lunch and she mentioned Mexican. I have had my eye on Juan's Flaming Fajitas for a while so it was the perfect opportunity to try a new restaurant.We arrived around noon and the place wasn't busy at all. We were seated in the bar area and given the full menu as well as their lunch specials after our drink orders were taken. The lunch specials were all very reasonably priced and they all include a soft drink or iced tea. I decided on the steak fajitas with corn tortillas and my mom chose the chicken mulitas. Both came out quickly and of course the fajitas were flaming as promised. The first attempt didn't work out, so the server had to go back get some more oil to stoke the fire, literally. Second times a charm and they were certainly flaming. The fajitas were good. I don't typically order fajitas, but these were solid. I wish they were a little less well done, but all the flavors were right and the portion was generous. I enjoyed the entire meal.The best part about Juan's is the fabulous service. Our server was so friendly and attentive and the rest of the staff checked in with us regularly, made sure our drinks were always full and that we had everything we needed to make our meal the best it could be.
5	My beautiful Queen and I moved to this valley several years back.  Since then, we've been on the hunt for something that really raises the bar for local Mexican cuisine.  Juan's Flaming Fajitas has done just that.About a month ago we visited Juan's for the first time.  The food was great and the service was too.  On the way out I talked with who I assumed was the Manager and told him how impressed we were with everything.  As it turns out, it was Juan himself.Tonight we returned looking to try some dishes other than the Fajitas we'd previously enjoyed.  Juan greeted us as we entered.  What impressed me the most was that he remembered my name from a  month ago.  Nobody at Smith & Wollensky's has ever greeted me by name and I've hosted dinner parties there.Onto the food...Chips, salsa, bean dip, & soup were all spot on.  Gotta respect the consistency. :)The waiter and other staff were very attentive.  Everything arrived surprisingly quick considering the place was over half full when we arrive and had filled up quite a bit more since.We asked the waiter for recommendations and from that, we selected the Carne asada ala Tampiquena and Parrillada.   Both dishes were most excellent!I also indulged in one of their "Dirty Tequilla Juice"? drink.  Whatever it was called, it was tasty and well worth the $4.95. I'm always impressed when an owner runs his business from the "front lines."  Juan's goes beyond that with outstanding service and great food bursting with flavor.We may have to check out their nachos next.
5	This place is pretty good!  They serve rice soup with the Entree's.  When they bring the chips they also bring some grilled or marinated onions and green chile slices which I really enjoyed.  Includes salsa and bean dip.  If you read my Mex dining reviews you know I'm sensitive to salt.  THIS PLACE WAS NOT TOO SALTY!!!  PERFECT saltiness.  The fajitas are great, the servers were attentive.  All in all pretty good experience.
5	Hard to walk into a place called Juan's Flaming Fajitas without ordering the fajitas. They're the tits.
5	My family and I regularly eat at Juan's Flaming Fajitas.  The food is great, my kids love to see the fire when they light up the fajitas!  We took my brother there last week and he wanted a shrimp burrito. It was not part of their menu, but they made him one anyway and he said it was GREAT!  They are very accommodating here and always friendly.
5	It's been a really hard time finding my new favorite Mexican food restaurant since moving to Vegas from Saint Louis. Hands down, amazing service and food!! Happy Hour was suggested at the door before being seated! Love it!
5	I have had a hard time finding a place that serves posole or menudo and the mexican places I've been to haven't impressed me. From chips and salsa when you sit down, to the sangria, to the menudo and the chile relleno, this place is the best Mexican place I've ever had. Ever. Thanks for the good service juan!!
4	Been here several times and it has always delivered solid food and service. The chips, salsa and bean dip here are to die for. You can probably just order an appetizer and the chips, you are good to go. Their combo for two people is a good deal. For $25, you get their famous flaming fajitas (choose from chicken, beef, pork and shrimp), rice, refried beans, pico de gallo, guacamole and a soup. The service here was also great. Fast and very attentive. This is one of my go to places now for Mexican food.
5	We love this place! One of our favorite restaurants to go to! Food is always excellent and so is the service
5	Excellent service and food. Came from out of town for the races. Hate eating on the strip. Always looking for local restaurants. Fajitas were great as well as the salsa and bean dip. Margaritas also were good. We will be back again.
4	Had lunch here on Saturday and overall it was very good. We were greeted enthusiastically at the door, which was kind of funny, but also a much better welcome than many other restaurants. I'll start with the good:Drinks came out quickly, and were refilled often, and once we ordered the food, it came out very quickly as well. The food was very good. The chips, salsa, bean dip and grilled veggies they start you off with were all very yummy. We enjoyed all of it. My husband felt the salsa was too spicy, but I loved it. He is a bit of a weenie with the spice ;-)We had the flaming fajitas for two, with steak and shrimp, and flour tortillas. They came with rice and beans, sour creme, guac and pico on the side. All the sides were great, tasted very fresh. Even my husband remarked on how much he liked the rice and I don't think I have heard him say a word about rice, ever, so that definitely stood out. He also really enjoyed the steak. Oh, and our meal also came with a noodle type soup which was very good. While the fajitas for two are not cheap (26.95, I think?) when it came out it was A LOT of food, and we felt it was a really good value for all you got, and the quality of the food you got. The "not so much bad, but more the reason for 4 stars instead of 5":The only thing that I thought was a little less than impressive was the shrimp, and tortillas. The shrimp, while very good, didn't really have any seasoning to it, so on their own were a little boring, but mixed in with everything else, were still good. The flour tortillas didn't taste home-made, more like store bought, again, perfectly fine, but something to mention.Also, while everyone seemed very friendly our service was a little on the slow side. We made eye contact (with closed menus) a few times with the waiter before he came over to take our order, and then at the end, when I thought it was obvious we were done, we had to ask for the check, again after making eye contact a few times. Obviously, not a big deal at all, and we still were very happy with the experience.So with all that said, I am glad I followed the advice of fellow yelpers and checked this place out. One of the better mexican food experiences we have had in Vegas for sure. We will be back :-)
4	I love that this place serves warm bean dip with their chips and salsa, it's the perfect combination. Today I tried the chicken tamales with green sauce, hands down one of the best restaurant tamales I have had in quit some time. The servers are very attentive and friendly. I will be going back to try other things on the menu.
5	I've been here a handful of times. Can be tough to find great Mexican food in the valley. This joint delivers the goods. Five star approval and great service.
5	First of all, I would just like to point out the fact that this place has not been open very long. Maybe a year or two, max. I remember it being a barbecue place, with that said, it has more reviews than other Mexican restaurants I was looking to take my husband to for his birthday. So, to me it says something that a place that hasn't been established long has so many great reviews. Service- everyone there is very friendly and go above and beyond. Example- we brought our 17 month old and after seating him a lady brought out a drawing game for him to play with, this ended up being a lifesaver!!!!! I also saw her bring one out for an older boy, as well as the standard coloring paper and crayon. Everything came out very fast and was a pleasant experience. Food- the chips, bean dip and salsa were good! They literally bring it to you as your seated! The sopa de fideo is so tasty even my picky toddler gobbled it up!! My husband and I both ordered a 3 item plate, chicken tacos, beef flautas, and cheese enchilada. The beef was shredded and moist and oh so tasty, I didn't make it to my taco, but it was generous in size and my husband said his was great. The enchilada comes with red or green sauce, which to me can make or break the enchilada. The green sauce was very good and so was the red. The portions are HUGE so expect leftovers. We ordered the churro, even though the server recommended the fried ice cream, now I wish I had gotten that. The churro wasn't really anything special. Not something is get again, bit hey, I don't typically have room for dessert at a Mexican place, so it doesn't knock off any stars in my book. The place has happy hour every day and it's not crowded at all...yet, although the way the reviews are going I'm sure it will get there.
5	Another amazing meal with the best service.  Had the two item combo chicken taco soft on a corn tortilla a cheese enchilada with green sauce an rice an beans. Another hit. Loved the chicken taco omg all white meat an seasoned perfect. Its a def must have. The cheese enchilada with green sauce was also very good. Thanks for another awesome meal....
5	Finally good Mexican food! The portions are huge so be prepared to leaved STUFFED! They have great happy hour specials too. Staff is always friendly and attentive. I have gone many times and will continue to go back.
3	Ate at Juan's today for lunch and everything was ok, not great, not bad, but ok. The service was definitely lacking compared to what we're used to getting there after many, many times eating there. The fajitas were burnt on the bottom and that took away from our experience as well.We haven't abandoned Juan's and hope that when we return everything is back up to par next time.
5	Great food, great servers. We love the grilled onions and peppers the give for free, as well as the bean dip, chips and salsa. Flaming shrimp fajitas are great.
5	Visiting from out of town and wanted a nice sit down Mexican meal. This place delivered! Moderately priced as well! Everyone loved their food, hubby loved fish tacos, mom raved about the steak ranchero. Not super crowded or loud either which is nice. Lots of comfy booths or tables & chairs. They bring you fideo soup complimentary and chips and salsa and bean dip! Thank you for a great Sunday lunch!! Will return when we come back to Vegas!
4	Food - 4/5Service - 5/5FoodThere are a variety of mexican selections from nachos, tacos, and burritos etc. I decided to try the Carne Asada Burrito which came in a huge portion with rice, beans (substitute with veggies) and guacamole. The burrito was very filling for the price, if you don't eat too much, two people could have shared the burrito. We ended up with a lot of to go.PricesThe Burritos were all about $12.95. In my opinion, it was a little bit pricey for a casual lunch.ServiceThe service was great. They also have complementary chips and salsa for us which was great for us when we were talking and waiting for the food to arrive.OverallThe food was good and met my expectation. The price was a little bit pricey so unless you want to spend $10+ for a burrito, might want to consider ordering something else or sharing with a friend. Otherwise highly recommend for some tasty mexican food when you want to avoid the fast food places like Cafe Rio and Chipotle.
4	Everything was pretty damn good! I might have to say those were the absolute best fajitas I've ever had, and their presentation was pretty cool to boot. Two things I think could be improved, one: check on your tables a little more often (everyone was extremely friendly and very accommodating, I just would have liked to have my drink refilled w/out having to flag someone down) and second: the lights were very dim and the ceiling fans were going a little slow creating a very odd effect of making all of us dizzy; had to walk to several tables before finding something acceptable to dine at. Mind you I was pretty tired but I've never had that happen and I think it could have been avoided by either turning the lights up or even down a little bit more. Could have just been an odd occurrence but everyone in my party complained about it as well. Wish we had saved room to try the desserts because if the entrees are this amazing I bet the sweets are just as good! I would recommend this place to everyone...give it a shot!
3	I really enjoyed the atmosphere. It is great for my kids and the food is yummy. Service is always great and very friendly. The prices are great and it is always an enjoyable experience!! I would definitely try the Anejo margarita.
5	The service and food were top notch. My wife and I came for happy hour and had a blast, food was awesome. We'll defiantly be back to actually try the fajitas.
4	This is my go-to for Mexican cuisine since Viva Mercados closed.  I love their fajitas~!Wish the parking wasn't so chaotic lol
5	Came here on a Sunday night during Happy Hour. We were pleasantly greeted and escorted to our table. The hostess informed us we were in time for Happy Hour, so we scanned the menu to see if anything caught our eye. Man oh man is their HH menu extensive!? I was blown away!? We settled on a beer and strawberry margarita. Beer is standard, good as always; as for the margarita, that could be deadly and dangerous. It is so perfectly blended that you cannot taste the tequila. As for munchies, we were given an endless supply of chips, salsa, and refried beans. Yum.As for our entrees, they were ridiculously good. We both live in San Diego, so our standard for Mexican food is relatively high, but I would come here in a heartbeat, if in the area again. We ordered a beef chimichanga and a chicken enchilada. Both were delicious and flavorful, especially the chicken. Neither were dry either. The portion was just right too. Not something you would share with someone else; if you took any home, it would be a VERY small amount.The service was excellent, above average I would say. The food was spot-on. I hope this place makes it. It's a hidden gem if you are looking for somewhere off the strip to relax and enjoy.
2	Okay, I consider myself a huge fan of Mexican food... We drove 17 miles for this place. Shoulda saved the gas and money. The waiter did give us 5 dollars off. Anyway, the queso fundido was awesome. The bean dip with the chips is flavorless. We got the famous flaming fajitas!!Pork and chicken. Chicken was okay..pork was horrible nasty dark fatty chunks. The fajitas were not seasoned in any way. I got the veggies with mine and took one bite... Ugh no flavor either. Tried salt and pepper didn't help. Also how can you mess up fideo soup?!? I don't know but theirs is no bueno. Was really hoping for a great fajita place but not here!!
5	This place is hands down my favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas. 5/5 service 5/5 food. First off, unlimited chips, salsa and bean dip. And this is a seriously good bean dip- like back in the day bean dip at the Frontier (cheesy and bean-y). Nomz. Next up, I ALWAYS get the shrimp tacos. Like every. single. time. That's how good they are. The brunch on Saturdays and Sundays is also an amazing deal. A meal, a bloody and the chips and salsa for $13? Deal. See you there guys.
5	Have been here several times and the food and service is always superb!! They have a great deal on guacamole for happy hour! Yes I said guac!! I love their food but really love their taco plates. They are larger than typical tacos and always overflowing and delicious! Not only does this place have excellent food but the service and prices are just as good. This is by far the BEST Mexican food in all of Las Vegas!!
3	All the 5-star reviews got us intrigued by this place so, we gave it a shot. The parking lot was full but there were lots of empty tables when we went.We were given a bowl of chips, salsa and refried beans. They have the usual fare: ceviche, tacos, enchiladas, chimichangas, etcetera. Since they call themselves Flaming Fajitas, we got fajitas (and a few drinks). The service was friendly but not that efficient. Shrimp and Beef Fajitas:You can get portions for 1 person or 2 people. Honestly, the portion for 2 was big enough for 3. You can get flour/ corn tortilla. You also get rice, guacamole, and salsa. I didn't really taste what was 5-star worthy about the food. To me, it was just ordinary and nothing different from all the fajitas I've had from other places. Ok, so they bring a cart by your table and you can watch your food go up in flames (well, not really) but that's about it. 3/5Horchata:When I'm at a Mexican restaurant, I have to have horchata. Their version was a cross between Mexican horchata (distinct cinnamon taste and sweet) and Spanish horchata (bland). 2.5/5Mayan Apocalypse:Amaretto, vodka, Citrus Cruzan, Midori, triple sec, sweet and sour, Southern Comfort and cranberry juice. Tasty but strong. This was the best thing I ordered. 4/5
3	After coming here a few times, I think the best time to come here is during happy hour, which goes from 4:00pm - 7:00pm daily.  Some of the highlights:Import Draft Beers: $3.50 for 16oz or $4.50 for 20ozWell Drinks: $3.50Margaritas: $3.50 for 12oz or $4.50 for 16ozFajita Quesadillas: $6.95Come in during happy hour, and for around $20 or so you can have quesdillas, free chips and salsa/beans, and three drinks.  Not bad at all.Outside of happy hour I've had their fajitas: beef, chicken, pork, and shrimp.  The fajitas are decent, but not necessarily something to go out of your way for.  The fajitas for two combo is about $25, which really can be enough for three people if you keep snacking on the chips and dips.  Again, not really good enough to warrant going out of your way for, especially since they close pretty early.  Fridays and Saturdays they close at 10:00pm, the rest of the week they close at 9:00, so unless you're in the area you'll want to be sure to come here early.
5	Excellent food and very attentive service. Give these folks a try. You won't be disappointed!
3	The service was great no complaints, the chips & salsa also come with bean dip for your complementary starters. We went during lunch on Friday (today) not crowded, we ordered burritos off the lunch menu ( I think the menu it was slightly priced to high ). The food was good, not great. We saw allot of the flaming fajitas come out, probably try on my next visit.
5	Amazing. Amazing food and amazing costumer service. Everybody works together and really on top of making sure your takin care of. We have been going here since Juan opened his resturant and been fans and regulars ever since. If you like fajitas, then this is your place to go.
4	This is one of my favorite places for Mexican food in Las Vegas. I love the bean dip and the queso fundido with chorizo is phenomenal. I always order the same thing which is a combo of a beef burrito and chicken taco. The burrito is flavorful and juicy. The chicken in the taco varies a little each time though and can either be juicy or quite dry, but when it is dry I just put salsa on it and it is fine. The staff is always super friendly and quick. I've seen at least two other restaurants fail in this location, but Juan's seems to know what they are doing because it is usually pretty packed.I am giving it four stars rather than five because the drinks are very inconsistent. Sometimes the apocalypse drink tastes great and other times it has so much alcohol I can't even drink it.
5	One of our favorite spots.  The manager is very friendly and the staff is always helpful and attentive.  The fajitas are all we have ever ordered because they are so delicious and flavorful.   Such big portions as well.  We would definitely recommend to our friends and family.
5	Delicious!! Highly recommend this place. The hubby and I filled our faces with chips and salsa/bean dip before our entree came. Chips tasted homemade. We had the two person fajitas chicken, steak & shrimp. It was so yummy. Tortillas were homemade and the rice/beans were tasty. We def will be coming back. Not only was the food delicious but the service was great.
4	We really like Juan's . The service is consistently excellent and Juan is cordial and hardworking.Lunch is a super deal.  We really enjoy the chicken fajitas.  Have found the steak fajitas to be tough and the shrimp tend to get overcooked.  Stick with the chicken and you will be happy.Chicken chimichanga was large, but salty.  Ice tea tastes freshly brewed.My very critical 86 year old mother gives  Juan's the thumbs up.  I don't know a better recommendation than that.
5	We went here hoping for a good Mexican meal, but got much more than that! With fantastic food and great, accommodating service, I would definitely come here again any day of the week. Chips are highly addicting though so watch out!
5	it was AWESOME! we went for dinner on 5/5/14. The was a wait, though not long.  Only 30 min. And it was 20 or 25 minutes and we were seated.  My wife had a chicken taco salad,  which she said it was "Awesome". The boy had a chirzo, eegs, and potatoes burrito.  And I had Beef Fajitas, which was amazing!  Definitely going to be back soon.
5	This place is the best.... And they have modelo on tap. The fajitas are great, so is the taco salad and nachos. They bring out chips with bean dip and salsa, as well as a delicious soup. I'm satisfied every time I come here, and I crave it. It's amazing. The service is fast, but I have noticed the place getting busier. We got the last booth tonight. They remembered us too, which I like.
4	I really enjoyed my experience here!I had their combination plate lunch special: al pastor burrito, chicken tamale, and grilled vegetables for $10. I ate most of it because it was very delicious...even though I was full off of the chips and delicious bean dip + salsa they gave us!Our waiter was young and very attentive...although he forgot my husband's tortillas...his favorite part of any Mexican meal. We did not order a flaming fajita but it was fun watching other people receive theirs. Those flames really do rise!For the lunch price, I felt like I got a lot for my money. Come try it out!Oh, and there is a cantina/bar connected to the restaurant.
5	Prices are good and food is good. A person that works hard for there money cant ask for more!!
5	We had dinner tonight with friends. This place is great.  Fresh food and lots of it. Service was also great.
4	This place is FUN!  Good food. Excellent wait staff. And, out-of-this-world Margaritta's.
5	Great food! Awesome service. They were on top of refills, chips, extra napkins. Every and anything you think of. Highly recommend this place! Awesome staff and yummy food. Can't be beat
5	Our new favorite Mexican restaurant! I made my mouth so very happy by feeding it New Mexico enchiladas! What flavor! Chicken wrapped in a blue tortilla surrounded by New Mexico chile sauce. mmmmm-mmmm-mmm! I love it when I meet such wonderful medleys of flavor provided by an array of well-balance spices. Didn't need to drown it in salsa. Didn't need salsa!  The table next to us order their specialty, flaming fajitas. That's what I plan to order next time!
4	I like this place!  Got there around 4p on a Sunday afternoon, sat in the bar area, very few others were there.  Lots of windows, tv action, nice bar, tables and chairs your run of the mill variety; looks like they have patio seating just outside.Chips and salsa were good.  Got a bowl of Albondigas Soup, off the regular menu, was $4.95, a true bargain--the soup was terrific, had 4 good size meatballs, full off flavor as was the broth. I'd definitely come back just for that soup.Apparently they have happy hour every day, from 3 to 7p I believe.  My 16 oz House Margarita was $4.95, and was nothing special.Good feeling inside, decor was beckoning, wait staff friendly, down to earth.  I'll be back for that soup!Good place, over all.  Recommend it.
5	The service is absolutely the best I've had ever in a restaurant. Seriously. The free chips n salsa and grilled onions and peppers sometimes hit the table as I'm being seated. They are very attentive and friendly. The food is worth the 20 min drive to get there for me and is the best Mexican food I've had in Vegas and I've ha a lot of Mexican food. My favorite lunch plate is Mulitas and my favorite Jalisco dinner plate is the Pollo Asado with Rajas con Crema. Try it! You won't be disappointed!
5	I have to give Juan's five stars. Our party of four was immediately seated, and we had immediate service though the place was pretty busy.They have a number of different Mexican beers on tap, and they had a happy hour going when we were there at about 6:00. Chips and salsa came immediately and they were excellent. We had chicken fajitas that can be ordered for two, and they came out with a spectacular sizzling, flaming, presentation.They were dynamite, and the portions allowed us to take quite a bit home for later.The server was real and down to earth but very professional, polite, and competent.I will certainly return the next time we feel like eating Mexican when we go out.
5	Great experience at Juan's!  It was my mid-week birthday dinner and we felt like we wanted to try somewhere new - so I turned to my fellow Yelpers.  Mexican is one of my favorite cuisines (along with everything else it seems) and when I read all of the stellar reviews - I knew I had to try Juan's.We arrived in time for Happy Hour which let us try two different types of margaritas at a super reasonable price, the house and the Don Julio.  I found the mix a bit lacking in depth of flavor and thought that the house margarita might be watered down - but one sip into my second, and I realized these babies pack a punch! (Also evidenced by the pitcher-sharing table of seniors next to us who were getting into increasingly loud, contentious political conversations in the table next to us. Apparently I'm not the only person that gets sassy on tequila!).The gratis tortillas chips were fresh and crisp - the salsa and complimentary bean dip tasty!  (Note that their regular bean dip isn't vegetarian - but you can request a veggie version! Love that!) The complimentary plate of grilled peppers and onions was delish as well.We ordered the shrimp fajitas for two - with two different set-ups - rice & beans, steamed veggies, flour tortillas as well as corn. The best of all worlds and a great way to try a lot of different items on the menu for first-time visitors. When I missed taking a shot of the flaming of the fajitas - our waiter flamed them a second time for me - nice of him!  They don't skimp on the shrimp like some restaurants that serve fajitas in town - here they made up the majority of the meal and were good quality - nice and plump and perfectly cooked. I have to say, the side of veggies was really great - I don't know what they do to it, but it has some really great subtle additional flavorings in there.I had jokingly mentioned that it was my birthday at some point, and the staff surprised us with churros with chocolate sauce and whipped cream - served up with a hearty version of "Happy Birthday" and a paper tiara with a sombrero on it at the end of our meal.  Awesome touch, you guys!  Overall, had a great time.  The service was great and friendly, the food terrific, the prices super reasonable during happy hour. We'll definitely be back!
5	Great Mexican food CAN be found in Las Vegas and it's at Juan's!  Being from SoCal, I've been in search of good Mexican food for quite some time.  We chose Juan's based on the great  reviews.  Started in the cantina since the wait on this Friday evening was about 20 minutes.  The strawberry Coronarita's were a hit with the group.  Dos XX and Corona Light on tap along with a number of other options.Chips were good and we couldn't stop eating the salsa and bean dip.They're famous for the Flaming Fajitas so the mixed chicken and beef were the choice.  In a word, excellent.  Big portions, all the options included (sour cream, pico, guac) along with rice and beans or veggies.Not only was the food great but service was very attentive including refills on everything from drinks to chips and sides.  We rounded it out with the sopapillas and consensus was, this will be a repeat too. Will be back soon and often!  Glad we found Juan's!
1	Overrated. Took over 30 minutes to get fajitas. No desire to return
5	The food was amazing! Get the grilled veggies as a side item rather than the rice and beans. The guacamole is great too!
4	The wait was longer than I would have expected on a Monday night (20 minutes) but luckily there was room in the bar. We got there a little before 7pm and were able to order off the happy hour menu. We got the queso, which was good but more cheese than 2 people should eat in one sitting.For my entree, I got the 2-item combo (I love a combo!) with chile rellano and chicken enchilada. I enjoyed both, especially because the chile rellano wasn't heavily coated with batter. Came with soup, which I liked so much I also had the hubby's portion. For dessert, we ordered the fried ice cream which I liked. Ice cream is a combination of 3 flavors (I think caramel, vanilla and chocolate?) and was still very cold inside the deep fried batter, but the batter was chewier than I expected.My overall experience was good. The only thing that dampened it was there was a large projection screen in the bar, which was showing the hockey game and the table next to us was overly loud and obnoxious with their hockey commentary. But that's not Juan's fault, lol.
4	A fun, lively atmosphere, solid food, and good service make this one of the better Mexican restaurants in town. The top item to try is the one they're known for -- the flaming fajitas. It's a tableside show of high flames that kids will love. The beef and chicken fajitas for two is the way to go. Portion sizes were large enough that two of us had some left to take home. Their guacamole is plenty good as are their margaritas, which they have several to choose from. Try a two item combo if you can't decide what to get. I opted for a chicken tamale that had a masa texture that was somewhat thick and gummy, but the flavor was solid. The al pastor burrito was filled with chunks of smokey, deep flavored pork. To finish the meal we tried their churros -- unfortunately too oily.This place doesn't try to redefine the cuisine, they just do a solid job of executing typical Mexican-American fare at decent prices in a great atmosphere.
5	Great mexican food, and great service every time. I measure the quality of any mexican joint by the carnitas. Juan's carnitas are very good - crispy on the outside, and moist on the inside. Their verde salsa is an excellent flavor addition to the pork. The hosts and waitstaff are very attentive, great with kids, and the manager stops by often to make sure the dining experience is spot on.
2	The food was good, but don't order fajita for 2! Just order a single.... It's not worth the extra $10 because it comes out on the same platter. My friend ordered a single version and it looked exactly like a double. You just get an extra plate of rice/beans/soup. Wait staff was mediocre, had to ask for refills a lot on drinks. They water down the ice tea. I watched the guy poor water then add a little tea.
3	This is another 3.5 star situation for me. But because of a few things, it just feels more like a 3 than a 4. My girlfriend and I went here for their happy hour (3-7 daily), and since I love margaritas and very infrequently get them, I was excited about their margarita on happy hour. We got there and we ordered a margarita, a daiquiri, the quesadilla, and the nachos. On the happy hour menu, they have a bunch of apps which looked good, but we were sticking to cheap and the nachos and quesadillas were listed as 3.99. My margarita was... Bad. It was a house margarita, and weirdly enough I had the exact same experience at a NYC restaurant with their happy hour margarita. It tasted like toilet cleaner. I guess when they pre mix a huge batch for happy hour, it's easy to mess it up. I told the bartender and he switched it out immediately, I don't know if it was because it was good service or because this happens a lot. I barely finished my sentence and he was making me a new fresh one. The quesadillas were very very good, and we had agreed to get chicken on it instead of just cheese. I figured ok. At 3.99 we could take the upcharge for chicken right? Well unfortunately he failed to mention that by adding chicken it was no longer the happy hour menu item, so it was $7 dollars. Not a big deal, but was expecting a little bit less. The nachos were... Very bland. They had way to much bean on it and it honestly canceled out the cheese taste. It was covered with cheese but you barely tasted it, and nachos without cheesiness are a waste IMO. Overall, I liked my second margarita a lot, the daiquiri was pretty good, and the quesadilla was delicious. The manager also checked with us as did the bartender multiple times to make sure things were OK, so clearly they care about service. However, with that bad first margarita and very mediocre nachos, I just can't give this place a four at the moment. Will go back to try again!
4	Great margaritas n yummy fajitas.  The prices are right in line with other family Mexican places in the area.  Very nice wait staff. Nothing fancy about this place as I sit in sneakers and jeans with a belly full of fajitas. .definitely recommend for a nice lunch/dinner out when you're being low key. Oh and its not just a name. .the fajitas come out in a flaming presentation.
4	Good food and drinks.  Happy hour from 3-7pm.  Salsa, bean dip and onions/peppers with chips for free.  I will definitely be back.
4	You know, for what I see outside versus the food inside, I'm impressed.  Their food is fresh, delicious, and portions can feed 2 people!  I signed up for their VIP texts that provide huge discounts and event info.  You should try this place.  It's flamin' good.
5	Yep. This place is it! The service was superb; friendly, attentive, and generous! Valentino began our exceptional experience with the chips, salsa, bean dip, and grilled chillies and onions. Of course, we had to order the fajitas, so my girlfriend ordered the chicken fajitas. I ordered the chicken chimi. The fajitas were a total full sense experience. I don't want to ruin it for you, so you will just have to try them. The chimi was LOADED with chicken. It was moist and flavor packed. Even though we were stuffed, and packed up our left overs for tomorrow, we got some flan. By far the best I have even had, hands down, no questions asked. Everything is made fresh daily from scratch and it shows. I would HIGHLY recommend this place to anyone in the Vegas area. The trip is well worth the time to leave the strip. I will be bringing my friends and family the next time I am in town. THANKS!!!
5	Delicious!!!! Creative take on fajitas great food , friendly staff . We love this place!
5	Once again another  phenomenal dinner experience . My wife and I shared parrillada de mariscos for 2 and it was great.
2	Meh... I was not impressed. This was a recommendation from my sister. Maybe it's because this place is called Flaming Fajita and I didn't order fajitas but the food was not great. I ordered Rajas y Crema which is my favorite Mexican dish and I order it wherever I go and see it on the menu. This was not good at all. I question the age of the chicken and pasilla peppers because they tasted super old! And the "cream" was separating. So nasty. Needless to say I don't think we'll be back.
1	Last time we went here we got a hair in the food. Unfortunately, this is enough to prevent us from returning based on the thought of it grossing us out so bad. It's too bad too. :/
5	My husband and I found this place while searching for our next Mexican hot spot.  We are actually here right now having dinner.   It's part sports bar part Mexican restaurant but all yummy.  We have ordered the chicken pablano faitias and the beef taco they were all amazing.  The quality of food is def up there and the prices r very reasonable.  Anyone out there searching should stop at this great spot.
5	Great food & service. Staff quick to offer happy hour specials. Can't beat any food that is on fire table side (fajitas)!!  Servings quite generous too.
5	Flowed up with brunch here. Great food with your choice of drink for the brunch specials. I had the huevos con chorizo y papas and it was excellent. My wife tried the chilaquiles, added eggs and loved them.... And she knows legit Hispanic food. Service is great as well.
4	We have come back here a few times since my original review and we are still fans. So far I have stuck with the fajitas, which are still consistently good. I still feel like this is the best mexican place I have found in Vegas, but to be fair I haven't tried anything but the fajitas so far. My husband has had the nachos on the happy hour menu before and enjoyed them. They have been busy each time we have gone, but we never have to wait long and everyone there goes out of their way to greet you, ask you how everything is, if you need anything else...etc. Top notch customer service for sure!
4	5 stars for guacamole.  It is just yummy! They serve grilled onions and peppers along with chips, salsa, and bean dip. Reason for 4 stars is the alcoholic drinks aren't all that great. It gets very busy and very noisy in this place. It has a mixture of booths and tables with armless chairs.
4	I was impressed. The atmosphere was fun and the food good. Our server, Omar, was spot on; friendly and attentive. Like many others, really enjoyed the grilled onions and jalapenos that accompanied the chips, salsa, and bean dip. Nibbled off the niece's beef fajita (someone had to get them) plate; really tasty. The shredded chicken in my sister's chimichanga was flavorful. That surprised me as many places that I've tried seemed to have boiled the chicken leaving the diner to season with sauces and such. Liked the fact that a plate came with a grilled vegetable option versus having to have beans and rice. Also liked the fact that a cup of fideo accompanied each entree. I'm a carnitas fan and that was my only let down; I like bigger chunks of pork versus the small diced version. Had no complaints about the taste or tenderness of the meat though. Portion size was great. Definitely deserves a return visit next time I'm up that way.
4	We usually go to the Mexican place down the street out of convenience but since it has changed names, food hasn't been the same. Not that it was ever spectacular but Juan's? This place is awesome!Chips were great and not greasy, I love the complimentary grilled veggies and they even tossed in fideo soups for both my son and I (it usually only comes with an entree at other places and I ordered the app nachos and he the kid's meal). Service was really exceptional. Omar waited on us and there was also another lady that really took care of us. Drinks were filled without being asked and dirty plates were taken away without being noticed. I had mentioned it was my first time and Omar brought us churros at the end of the meal! Food was great and portions plenty. I ate about a third of my nachos and the kiddo didn't finish his kids meal either. I really digged the environment,  decor and murals too. Considering this used to be a no-frills BBQ place, they really amped up the Mexican theme. The flaming fajitas tableside really added to the fun of the whole place and we enjoyed being wowed when others ordered it.Juan's is def my new neighborhood spot for Mexican.
5	An authentic Mexican restaurant, with amazing top shelf margaritas, homemade salsa and hot sauce, and of course the flaming fajitas. The steak tacos are also cooked perfectly. Our waiter handled our huge group of 14 really well. Everyone was happy and it made for great evening.
5	Best service I've literally EVER had. You MUST check this place out!!!! And GET THE FAJITAS!!!!
4	First time there.  Ordered from lunch menu.  Very extensive and priced reasonably.  Service was very good!
5	Hands down the BEST Mexican restaurant near Summerlin, or maybe even in Vegas.  I am usually pretty picky with my Mexican places since many places in Vegas seem to have either no flavor or are too greasy.  The service was absolutely fantastic, from the hostess to our server Omar, everyone was very courteous and helpful but not naggy or anything annoying.  It was great.  We were immediately seated and brought chips and salsa and our drink order were taken. We went with the pork and shrimp fajitas, and wow sooooo good. They light them up when it's wheeled out to you, super cool! The veggies, meat, and shrimp had so much flavor.  The tortillas were very fresh and warm.  All the sides: guac, cour cream, pico, beans, and rice were fresh and super tasty! I would definitely recommend this to any Mexican food lover or anyone who needs to be converted.  Definitely my new favorite place!
3	Definitely suitable for carnivores. My vegetarian dish did not exceed the expectation.
5	Killer.  Great salsa, chips and stuff.  Packed on a Friday 7pm.  30 min wait....but well worth it.  Bar area was busy and looks like a good spot to hang out and watch the game.Had the....Beef fajitas - amazing.Cheese enchiladas - awesome.  Great red sauce.Tacos el Pastor - close second to Tacos el Gordo.  Different, but amazingly awesome.And last, but not least, service was great.
5	We came back for the fajitas......and weren't disappointed at all!The fresh chips, salsa and beans, and grilled onions & peppers were delicious and a great way to start the evening.We both ordered the fajitas for two with pork and chicken.  My pork was packed with flavor, tender, and most amazing.  I'm totally not a fajita kind of guy, but you give me this place as an option; We'll be back!
3	Great food!  But BIGGEST pet peeve ever: When the server brings your change when you pay your bill, but they short you the coins. Not the first time they've done this.
5	We had dinner here a few days ago. We went based on the reviews.This is a terrific Mexican restaurant. Probably the best fajitas we've ever had. Flaming them at your table is interesting!  Keeping them war over a flame is a great idea. Incredibly fresh food. Great service. We will definitely eat there again when in Vegas.
5	Great food, excellent service and good prices. What more could you ask for? Wish there was one in Henderson!
3	Food was good, service was ehh.... Then again I only eat at Viva Mercado's.. So yeah I guess all things would seem mediocre in comparison
3	I really enjoyed this place and the great service.  The food overall was very good but the rice and beans were kind of in small portions perhaps due to the size of the plates.  The flour tortillas were extra good as was the butter I put on them.  So, only three stars.  Well I've had carne asada all over the place and this piece of meat was the worst by far.  Granted it was overcooked for medium but beyond that it looked like a large, thin Wendy's burger expect it wasn't as good.  For over $15 I expect a really decent piece of meat and it just wasn't.
5	Good service. Good food.I like how their food doesn't taste heavy like most Mexican restaurants. Chips & salsa to start while you look over the menu, soup while you wait for your food & then the entrees! Everything tasted delicious.& our server, Omar(?) was very attentive & very nice. I think I found my new favorite Mexican restaurant!
5	The fajitas were delicious! Happy hour was fun with $3.95 house margaritas. I'll be back when I'm in the mood for some serious deliciousness!
5	We were visiting Las Vegas for the long Labor Day weekend and had a taste for Mexican food and turned to yelp for help and this place turned up first and after reading a few of the reviews decided to give it a try. The reviews didn't lie it's good food and good service! The beef fajitas are good and do not disappoint! Even the chips and salsa were good!  The sopa de Fideo they give with each meal has a lot of flavor.Give it a try and you will want to go back again!
4	Had dinner there tonight. Flaming Fajitas, chicken and beef, flour tortillas and rice & beans. Two beers too. Soup was good. Grilled onions and jalapeno are great with chips and salsa with bean dip. Omar was on his game. Watch the Angles play the Twins. I would go back and you will get a good meal. Can`t wait till they get the homemade tortilla machine cranking out fresh tortillas. Still like Roberto`s hot sauce. Maybe i`ll bring some next time. 9/5/14
5	What a nice surprise coming off a 5 hour flight from NJ. Did a Yelp search for Mexican restaurants and Juan's came up so in true Las Vegas fashion we rolled the dice only this time you stand to win a delicious meal instead of losing a couple of grand. The service was excellent and the Fajita for two was a great value for portion , quality and overall flavor. I think we'll pop in again before we go home on Saturday. Go Now !J
4	I was skeptical to try out this place because of the weird name. It's kind of like judging a book by its cover - I'm really good at that. So as we're driving into the parking lot of the Flaming Fajitas I quickly pulled out the Yelp app and checked some of the reviews. Norm K. recommended the flaming fajita so I decided then and there that that's what I'm getting. Immediately upon sitting down, a waitstaff came over to our table and laid down a plate of grilled onions and jalapenos, chips and salsa. I absolutely loved the grilled jalapenos and the bean dip that came with the chips - so much that I asked for extra servings of jalapenos! The flaming fajita serves two people. We shared that and had plenty of leftovers. Normally I find that beef served at Mexican restaurants are always on the tough side. But at Juan's Flaming Fajitas, the beef was very tender and flavorful. Over all it was a great experience! I will sure to come back to try out the flan, more grilled jalapenos and more flaming fajitas!
5	After shuffling through the 279+ reviews I talked my husband into driving over 10 minutes to this place. I am CRAZY for Mexican food, so I was excited. We walked in and my husband was won over by being placed in front of the 80" LED t.v. with Monday night football showing. Not only were we presented with warm tortilla chips, but they also gave refried beans and grilled onions and peppers as well. My husband ordered chicken fajitas and I ordered steak and enchiladas. YUMMY is pretty much how I can sum it up! Best meal we had in Vegas out of a total of 4 days.The service was second to none! Friendly and attentive staff was the big fat cherry on the top of it all! Go!!
5	Wow,  first the grilled onions and chili's served with the chips as well as the refried beans made just sitting down awesome.  Then we got with our meal the Sopa soup,  excellent and unexpected at lunch,  but it is what they do.  Now on to the Fajitas,  beef and steak combo for two: they were great.  Beef and chicken was tender and tasty.  A must try. .
4	This is our go to place to watch football. The bean dip and salsa is great and the football menu is cheap and delicious. Don't miss the mexi-fries! Only complaint is that they recently installed video poker machines in the bar. Now there's no bar space to sit and eat.
5	Great friendly customer service and quality foodThe waitress checked on and chatted with us throughout our meal. The food is made from scratch from the flour tortillas to the guacamole!  The food is too quality flavored and cooked just right!
4	Very good food! They've always given us a lot for our money's worth. I love the shrimp fajitas and I find myself craving their signature soup. We've ordered take out a few times, but when we've dined in, the service is great and the manager (owner?) comes around to the tables making sure things are up to par. I like the decor and the atmosphere is relaxing. Will have to try out the bar area for a margarita or 2:)
5	Ask for Amanda! She is the best. The food is great.it is Mexican food. With all the varieties. Plus some tex-mex..Visit them instead of In n out.
5	My husband and I are very picky when it comes to Mexican food and we decided to try out this place based on the reviews on Yelp as we just moved to Las Vegas. The service here is great and the food is fantastic! We eat here pretty much once a week. The fajita combo is awesome and I love the grilled onions. The salsa is very fresh and has a nice heat to it. Our toddler loves to eat here too and will eat the soup they bring out until the bowl is dry....which says a lot since he is a very picky eater!! You won't be disappointed.
5	Very good food. The fajita nachos with steak were very delicious and the carnita platter was a good nice size portion. The strawberry Margarita was very tasty.
5	Wonderful. Staff service is excellent. Friendly, warm and attentive. All we've had so far are the fajitas and the guacamole. Both were excellent. Plenty of televisions, bar area is great. Just can't find anything to complain about. Oh, and the fideo soup they serve before every meal is fantastic. Have had a lot of different fideo soups, and this is number one without a doubt.
5	This place is a gem!! The ambience is bright and colorful. The food is phenomenal and so were the friendly and attentive workers!!! I Definitely recommend this place. BTW- the fajita portion for one is definitely big enough for two!!! #supportlocalbusinesses
5	Its a must go great food and a great staff. Robert the bar tenowner is always coming by and checking on you. Bar has big screen t.v.s and a projection tv its gotta be at least 80" I will be watching some football at this place.der is awesome. Jaun the
5	Amazing, I'm obsessed. The staff is always super nice and on top of refills. They have vegetarian options for about everything! I always get the shrimp fajitas and my boyfriend gets the chicken and steak combo and we both are more than happy each and every time. I do not know what they do with their proteins, and I don't care all I know is it's nothing short of amazing.
5	I don't normally say things are the best but these are the best fajitas I've ever had. Chips are perfect ,salsa is perfect, bean dip is perfect, and the best fried ice cream I've ever had. Plus the service is great.
5	We've been hunting for good Mexican food since we arrived from Texas a year ago - I'm happy to say that we've now found it! Not only was the food delicious, but the service was top notch. Our waiter, Omar, took great care of us, and at the end of the meal the manager checked on us as well. Even though it's a 20 minute drive we'll definitely be back again.
5	Not a huge food guy but this place is fantastic. Great service, great prices, and some of the tastiest Mexican food in town. What they describe as the small fajita for one easily works for two, and the happy hour deals are nice as well. Just a great restaurant!
5	This place is so much fun and really adds a great twist with the fajitas being served flaming at your table.  Casual atmosphere but not your typical Mexican Restaurant.  I recommend it to anyone.  The margaritas are good too!
5	The food was great!!! Everything from the chips and salsa to the main course rocked. They give you bean dip and sauted onions/bell peppers along with the usual chips and salsa. I am a fan of the salsa because I like it mild and well blended. So good! We had the chicken and shrimp fajitas. Very very good. The service was good too. They offered us tons of napkins over and over for our messy 1 yr old. We are going back for my birthday. I am excited.
5	Wonderful customer service and fabulous environment! We visit this place a few times a month and always have an enjoyable meal. Their drinks are fantastic and the food is always spectacular.
5	This place is great. Every time we come into Vegas we stop by for dinner. The food and service is always very good. This time we sat in the bar which was always nice to watch the sports on the TVs. Thanks again for great service and food!!!!!!!!!
4	This might be the shortest review I've ever written. The fajitas are the same exact fajitas you can order at almost any Mexican restaurant. Except they're flaming. Literally on fire. Which is awesome. Not the worst, not anything to die over. Just good.
5	Great food! Was on my way to drop my girlfriend at the airport and had my dog with me. They were so accommodating. Even giving my dog some water to drink and set up the patio just for us. 5 stars all the way. Check em out.
5	My Queen an I Love Mexican food and eat at all kinds of places all over...this place is our favorite! Such amazing food and service at such great prices.Thanks!
5	Guarantee you will leave with a full and happy tummy. Not only is the good great, the customer service here is amazing. Can't beat their complementary bean dip and salsa! Food is always fresh and never disappointing. Fajitas are always a good choice and when you order the fresh guac, they'll prepare it at your table! It's like dinner and a show! Will definitely be back whenever I'm in town!
5	We have been looking for good Mexican food in Vegas for 10 years. We found a great place. The best food we have had in a long time. Sunday football specials cant be beat.  We ordered street tacos, quesadilla,and fundido, with drinks under $30. Flavorful and authentic. Great staff great place. It will be our go to place.
4	We came to take advantage of happy hour and it was so worth it! The margaritas with coronita or pacifico were great we order one on the rocks and one frozen they bot were equally good!! Chips, bean dip, rajas and salsa are complimentary and are constantly refill through out your dinner experience. Our server Mary was very helpful suggesting items and helping us decide what to eat, over all we enjoy every bite and every moment!! Great place, service and happy hour!!!
5	Really strong flavorful margaritas and delicious fajitas that are set on fire before served. We received great service and the entire restaurant has a clean appearance.
5	Never disappoints. Prompt, friendly service & delicious food. Doesn't get any better.
3	Came in with a group of four coworkers for their lunch menu- several plates available, along with combinations consisting of tacos, burritos, flautas, tamales, and such. Nothing too complicated, most dishes $10-12.Interior of restaurant is nice and service is polite but painfully slow.Complimentary chips, salsa, and beans stave off hunger, but after half an hour (and being one of few tables, early on a weekday), no one had been served. We let the staff know we would need to get our orders to go, and it still took an additional 15 minutes until we were brought our food and checks.No one ordered anything more complicated than tacos, burritos, and a chicken breast. We were never given an explanation for the delay. CHILE RELLENO: overly battered but tasty, not spicy, quite cheesy.GREEN CHILE PORK BURRITO: wrapped in a flour tortilla, dry, more like an enchilada than a burrito. Didn't care for this.Side of GRILLED VEGGIES was an odd assortment of broccoli, cauliflower, and squash- considering this is a Mexican restaurant I kind of expected onions and peppers, maybe mushrooms and squash, so it was an odd but tasty.Restaurant entrance has several posters with their daily specials, and they also offer a HH and MNF specials. Seems like the fajitas are the best thing to get here, given the name and the fiery presentation.
4	It took me a long time to find a Mexican restaurant that I liked in Vegas, but I'm so glad I finally did! Their food is great, portions are perfect, and the service is amazing! I will be coming back for sure.
5	This place was great. My favorite item so far is the Queso Fundido w/Chorizo, but the Al Pastor burrito was excellent, as was the Baja Fish Taco.I look forward to returning and trying many more items.
5	We had all the fajitas they offered among our party of fourAll were exceptionalService was good and place was packed so get there early
5	Great Drinks!!! And great food!! After a wonderful hike at Red Rock we were famished and looking for a "prep" beer although it wasn't on the menu our waiter assured us he could get it done!  And he did! We ordered an assortment of ceviches, a burrito and tacos!! Did I mention we were starving!?!? But everything was great authentic Mexican and very flavorful!
5	This is the best food in Las Vegas. We came here with a big group from work, and came back two days later with the family. Everything is so good, I could eat here every day and not get tired of the food.
5	Came again yesterday. Really enjoy coming here. The portions are great and the servers are friendly and prompt. Juan is a great guy and cares about every customer as if they are family. Definitely coming again
4	This place is delicious. My favorite part is the happy hour. The service is ok, but not very attentive. The worst part is the churros. They aren't sweet and very doughy. I'll be back but won't have the churros again
5	Staff is super friendly and the food is fantastic. I've been here a few times already and I'll keep returning. The fajitas are top notch and the place is very kid friendly.
5	Live this place! My man an I come here all the time! Amazing food, great service even when they are busy. And the price is affordable.
5	Very attentive staff, even during a busy dinner service. Great margaritas. Great happy hour. I will come back again. The digital come flaming. I strongly recommend.
5	Excellent service, delicious fajitas (I had the vegetarian fajitas), and big screens..pretty much perfection!
5	My husband and I went here a couple of days ago. The Cadillac Margaritas were marvelous, the salsa, bean dip, grilled onions and chips were awesome and the fajitas were flaming!! Pair that with awesome service...two thumbs up!! We will be back when we are in town for the NFR!!!
5	We came here on Saturday night with a party of 16.  They were SUPER helpful in seating us quickly and at a nice large table.  We asked off the bat if we could split the bill since everyone had cards and they went above and beyond for us and made everything super easy!  The food was excellent and came out in a very timely manner!  I would highly recommend this place and thank you to all the servers who helped the big rock climbing party on Saturday night!  THANKS!
4	Good place for Mexican food.  The service is good and the food quality is good.  My only complaint is the wait time during semi-peak times and the waiting area is very small.  Overall a good place just don't be in hurry to get seated.
5	Clearly the best place to go for fajitas in Vegas. Worth the drive from the strip. We went two days in a row!
5	This place was amazing!! I came here for Happy Hour and had the Shrimp Coctel and Blended Margaritas. The best Mexican food that I've had in Vegas! I will definitely be back to try their Fajitas (a couple next to me had them and they looked amazing as well)!!
5	We ordered about 8 dishes to go and I must say they did a great job with the food.  everything we ordered was  correct and they even included chips and salsa with the bean dip and grilled onions. I've eaten at the restaurant many times and never had a bad meal.great job!
5	This place is awesome soon ask we enter the door we were greeted and sat right away. We sat down and immediately was serve Chips and Salsa delicious! And fajitas were the best i ever had seriously will be back.
5	Wow! I've got to say that the service is wonderful.  They are not short on staff either.  haha!  That's a good thing though.  Plenty of help if you need it.  The food is good too.  I've been here twice and both times with no complaints.
2	I dined here on 12/16/14, the food was very mediocre, nothing to rave about. The service on a scale of 1 to 10 was about a 7. My margarita tasted like window cleaner, it was the weirdest thing, really bad. Also, on the way to the bathroom, there is a swinging door leading to the servers stations, I saw a server put sour cream in a container and licking his fingers, I was absolutely grossed out by this, if I had seen this prior to eating my meal, I would have left. I have a restaurant background, this is so dangerous and disgusting I am speechless!!!!
5	Amazing !! You get so much food the fajitas are enough for 3 because you get so full off everything else you get this place is amazing hands down! And get free soup love it
5	Excellent food, service and prices! We had a huge group and all the food was hot and delicious. They took us without a reservation and quickly accommodated us. They are very kind and professional. We had a really nice time. The bathroom is also clean which is always important to me.
5	Wow Juan knocked it out of the park I ordered a dozen Tamales for Christmas eve dinner 1/2 chicken and 1/2 beef with both sauces the BEST. Like Juan says don't nuke them steam them what difference. GREAT JOB JUAN!!!!!!!!
5	This place is still going strong!  Excellent service, great quality food.  Whenever we cannot agree to a place for lunch, this is always the peacemaker. Their taco salad is delicious and a go to item for me.  Their free chips and salsa with bean dip are an appreciated bonus!I always ask for Diet Cherry Coke and I get it with no problems whatsoever. Clean restaurant. Awesome food.  Entertaining with TVs where ever you look. The staff is top notch!  One major reason we come here. They remember us!If you STILL haven't tried this place you really are missing out.Go.Now!
5	Best Mexican in Vegas! Killer fajitas, and amazing service!!! Love this place!!
5	We were referred here by a friend so we decided to check it out (we live in dtlv btw and drove the distance). My husband got the 2 taco hard shell shredded beef combo and I got the beef fajitas. His tacos were bigger than most Mexican restaurants in the area. They were brilliant with their presentation because the tacos were laying on a flour tortilla to absorb the juice so your taco stays hard and doesn't fall apart when you try to pick it up. My beef fajitas were soooo good too. Oh, we got guacamole as an app and it was delicious as well. Great service, reasonably priced and best tasting Mexican restaurant style food in the LV area that we've had in the 10 years living here.
2	There are a ton of really high reviews here, and I love mexican food so I was excited to try this place out, but my experience doesn't reflect a similar experience. The chips were okay, kind of thin and tasted like some cheap supermarket chips. The salsa and beans were alright, not special but not bad at all. The non-custom standard guacamole was really good, but that was about the only thing I had that could be called really good. My main meal was the flautas combination plate with grilled veggies. The veggies included broccoli which was absolutely ruined. It was grilled fast on high heat, which ended up just burning and charring the florets, and that's a very bad flavor to add to broccoli. The flautas themselves were okay, not special, I just kind of ate them until I was tired of them and didn't take home any leftovers. I feel like that's almost worse than giving me bad food. At least make me have an opinion about it, right? The shell was also cooked a bit too much, so was hard to cut through.The wife was also unhappy with her meal, I forget what exactly she got but the tortilla it was wrapped in was super soggy on the bottom and not all that pleasant to eat. The staff, however, was great. They were very attentive and treated us great. I'll definitely give this place a second chance for sure, if for no other reason than to try their custom guacamole option made table-side. Hopefully this was just a bad outing and they will live up to all these other high praise reviews next time.
