5	My girlfriend and I were excited for the opening of this restaurant/lounge after reading an article online. We went during the soft opening with our friends and didn't have a great service experience. However, they appeared to be feeling out the space and staff. Recently we returned with friends from out of town. We ordered off the cocktail menu. Which is mostly filled with classic prohibition cocktails. Then after a few drinks we started to order the herbs and rye (bartenders choice). This led to three rounds of perfectly crafted cocktails each costing 8 dollars each. Better than any speakeasy ive ever been to. NY, SF, LA, NOIR bar. The mixology program here is wonderful and i cant wait to go back.  Also, the two appetizers (calamari and flatbread) were fantastic.  Beware so called mixology bars with central locations. This place has great drinks, good food, and stays open late.
3	Went here on a Monday night for Happy Hour.They have a prety big bar with dark wood. The palce is dimly lit with a warm coziness to it.  The prices were decent. We had half off everything on the menu.The drinks were cheap during happy hour. We had the calamari, flatbread pizza, gnocchi with Bolognese sauce. They were all tasty. They had other things on the menu but was too full to order any more. I would have to come back here and check out  the food again. Not a bad place.
4	In the location that once housed the famous Slanted Clam, Herbs & Rye touts a 20s speakeasy spirit that, while obviously faux, has been done so lovingly you can't help but respect it. Haven't tried the food, but sitting at the bar perusing the history lesson-cum-cocktail list, a tear almost came to my eye. If I were to open a bar, certainly this is the way I'd do it (oh wait, I did open a bar once, and we almost did it right--H&R do it better). From classic to creative, H&R mixes with finesse. I'm a fan, and how. Oh, and the drinks cost easily half what they'd be on the Strip.
3	As a bar I give them 5 stars for their unique, fun blast from the past twist on American history of alcohol and night life. But the restaurant side of the house is mediocre.  The food lacks flavor but are all ok and great for safe eaters. The server we had was spending more time talking to me like I was his dog then trying to provide good service. Leave the swearing for home, not work.
5	The food, the drinks, the atmosphere...Sublime!!!!I will come back often. I'm gonna bring my dearest friends. So unique. I felt like I stepped back in time. It was wonderous! I opted to let the bartender choose my cocktail. You say you want "Herbs & Rye.", and you will get a surprise! It was a surprise! I loved all 3 of the drinks he thrilled me with. Especially the "Blood & Sand" I had the Bistecca flat bread and Potato Gnocchii..It was like I had stepped into the 1940's. OhhhhhhhhUnbelievably fantastical idea, "TMC" Turner Movie Classic channel is channel chosen for motif. TOO COOL! I will come often. This place is the BOMB. The service was divine. I felt like a movie star from the '40's, hehe that's how I was treated. I felt so comfortable. ahhhh Mmm
5	This is a great restaurant. The food and cocktails are excellent. The staff was very friendly from start to finish. Everything they suggested to drink and eat, I loved. It is open pretty late and it's great to stop by after a night out on the strip. If your every in the area I suggest stopping in and having a drink/food, because you won't be  disappointed.
4	I was definitely surprised when I walked into this restaurant.From the exterior, Herbs and Rye looks like the kind of place where people go for line dancing; almost shed-like... But once inside, I noticed that this place was actually very nice. Black and Red walls with all black furniture and a door concealed as a book case make you feel like you're in a 1940's Italian mafia movie. Even better, is the service which makes you feel like you're practically family.As for the food, I enjoyed it very much. The flat bread we got as an appetizer was so good that by the time my entree came, I was full. The drinks selection, all from the age of prohibition, is also something I enjoyed. Most of the drinks were too strong for me but I appreciated the fact that all the juices/mixers were fresh, not to mention, it was nice to see something different. On a last note, this place is great because it is off the strip (so you avoid the hassles of the crowds and the valet) but you still get on the strip quality...I should probably add that I was brought here by a local (I'm from L.A.) named Jesse. So if the people from Herbs and Rye happen to read this, you can thank him for my review :)
4	Great food and great service. Happy Hour is everyday with 50% off on most menu items. Our server, was phenomenal from the beginning and recommended the perfect wine to go with our meal. They are starting to feature live music but the volume doesn't over power the ambiance of the place.We ordered the calamari...one of the best I've had in the valley. It didn't have your typical marinara sauce, but instead was tossed with slivers of banana peppers and an aoli sauce...excellent. For the main course we had the sirloin (they recommended the rib-eye but had ran out by then) and the fettucini "crabonara". We didn't feel rushed and the food came out perfect.Definitely coming back here again to try everything else. Their menu items weren't your typical italian fair and they served probition era type drinks and cocktails which were interesting...it also helped they were 50% off.
4	Went for a few drinks and got wings also. There was one bartender that was highly informative and knew his drinks well. However he was  training another bartender perhaps barback that didn't know much. I hope the training period is a LONG one because I asked for a Tom Collins from the new guy and he didn't know what it was. Overall the drinks from the experienced bartender were good. Totally worth another try.
5	This place is great. I will not lie when we first pulled up to the parking lot I was second guessing myself. I knew very little about Herbs & Rye other than the good reviews on Yelp. The menu was great and the drink selection was even better. I had the Rib Eye and my wife had the flank steak. Both were great. What really made this place great other than the food and service was the drinks. This is only the second place in the last 2-3 years that actually new what a Moscow Mule drink was. They also served it the correct way in a copper mug. I will make this a must stop every time I visit Vegas. Thanks Herbs & Rye and best of luck.
4	Well, I went and tried Herbs & Rye again while taking my newly legal 21 yr. old son on a cocktail tour of cool Vegas hangouts.  The first two times I went I was impressed with the care and creativity but the service was really not helping.  This time......wowza!So we go in and it's vewwwy vewwy quiet.  I see the sign that Social Mixology is there on Tuesdays and wtf? How come I didn't know that? As a fan of Mixology I try to keep up to date so I was kinda bummed that I missed it.  The brick walls, arches, secret doorways and dark woods really create that feeling of a 1920's speakeasy. We don't have one of these in Vegas so great idea guys!We sit at the bar and as we are deciding what to order the bartender comes around the bar to help.  Now my son seems like a fan of mixology already so he starts questioning the bartender about what kind of cocktail can be made with Hendricks gin.  And the ball starts rolling....The menu is divided up into eras (interesting).  And the focus is on classic cocktails.  Little did I know classic cocktails were so creative!  Everything I was looking at on the menu was original to me (except for a few of course like the Sidecar and the Manhattan).  I have been missing out on the tasty creativity of cocktails created almost a hundred years ago.  OMG!  And here I was thinking newly created cocktails were the best taste wise.The bartender (and dang, I forgot his name but he also owns the place..why am I thinking it's Tally) was absolutely the most informed, educated, well spoken mixologist I have come across so far.  He took the time to really explain the types and origins of the creations.  He answered our questions as if they weren't so ignorant.  I felt like I had just been to a mixology seminar.  Wonderful!  So as he was talking he was creating my drink..lighting a jalapeno on fire in a glass with something else in it so that the whole cup was full of a blue flame, mixing liquids into the shaker glass, muddling, as if he was some sort of crazy genius mixologist chemist.  Fun to watch I tell ya!  He was making the Herbs & Rye, the bartenders twist on a classic.  If you order the Herbs & Rye you will get a surprise every time.  I am up for that for sure.  A basic description of this cocktail would be that it tasted like a Fresca with a bite.. very refreshing!After my son tried a classic version of the Sidecar (nice and lemony with the cinnamon sugar rim) he wanted to get a bit more creative.  So my curious yet assertive little boy (ok, ok, I'm a mom and he will always be my baby) asked the bartender/owner dude (dang I'm gonna figure out his name!) to create something for him using Hendricks gin.  Supposedly the cucumber flavor of Hendricks gin has a different quality to it and can be difficult to create with.  Well, the concoction he created has to be patented it was so good!  He started by muddling fresh strawberries, adding some secret syrups and bitters and other ingredients to end with an amazing creation.  Let's just say, my 21 year old is hooked.  He was trying to get the bartender to write the recipe down.. "we don't write recipes down" says the mixologist.  Oh well, I guess we will just have to visit again.My second creation was the Basil Monk (which for some reason I was calling Basil Milk and it took a few minutes for the bartender to figure out what the heck I was talking about).  I had this drink before and wanted to try it again.  The bartender did a darn good job of muddling some basil with syrup of some sort with sugar with Chartreuse and whatever else this crazy chemist was adding to come up with a glowing light green tasty tasty cocktail!!!  I loved that there weren't big chunks of basil, just the juice of the herb, the infused flavor and a beautiful color.As for the food.  We ordered the mediteranean flatbread (which I ordered before) and it was very good.  With feta and greens on a crispy yet light and soft flatbread it did the trick for giving us something to keep the buzz down.   Because when you are on a cocktail tour, that's kind of the priority..keeping the buzz manageable.Now I would give the place 41/2 stars but I don't see that option.  I am going to have to focus on the food more next time to see if improvements have been made re: portions, quality and price.  And believe me, there will be a next time.Good job everybody! Keep up the good work!
2	Were you around during Prohibition and do you miss the drinks of that era? The answer is most likely no, since you'd have to be in your eighties or nineties to remember it and I don't think anyone that age reads my blog. If you never had the chance to experience the drinks popular during prohibition and would like to, however, I suggest you go to Herbs and Rye. Not for the food (definitely not for the food), but for the drinks, which are terrific. In fact, you're not limited to drinks that were popular during Prohibition, but can enjoy the whole American history of drinking from the "Gothic Age of American Drinking" (1775-1865) to it's "Revival" (1990-present). No matter what you choose I'm sure you'll be happy. I've tried three, the Frisco from the Gothic Age (I don't even like whiskey), the Scofflaw from Prohibition (I don't like bitters), and the Diablo from the Reform years (gotta love tequila). Each has been exceptional, but I don't review cocktails, I review food.My husband and I have now been to Herbs and Rye three times. We were disappointed the first time, somewhat less disappointed the second. In fact, we walked out after drinks and calamari the first time when we were with my parents because it took forever to not get our food. You might be asking yourself, "Why would you go back a second time, let alone a third time ?" Well, there are several reasons.1) We had been anticipating the opening of a new restaurant ever since they closed and we saw a new sign go up (though, that's really just a reason to try it a first time, I suppose).2) Every new restaurant deserves a chance to work out the kinks.3) It's close to home.4) We hadn't yet had a chance to try their 50% off happy hour, and 50% off food is great way to get you back in the door. (5-7PM and late night, M-F)The meal always starts out fine. The drinks, as I mentioned, are spot on, and the bread is good, made all the better by sweet honey butter. The servers are pleasant, but then you order, and you wait...and wait. I understand the time it takes to make the cocktails (browns stirred, whites shaken) but there is no excuse for the food taking so long when there are a maximum of two other tables. The calamari ($7.50 with happy hour, pictured above) this time was much better than the first, so I was glad to see the improvement. The idea was good (peperoncini, crispy pancetta, and aoli drizzle) but somehow it ended up as a fairly uninteresting salty mass. Perhaps I am being too harsh. It wasn't so bad, and the portion was large, if you like that kind of thing. I suppose the most disappointing aspect was that it was a vast improvement. A long while after it left our table we got our Vitello a la Fiorentina, a veal T-bone ($18 with happy hour), which wasn't a T-bone at all. Our waiter admitted he had forgotten to tell us that the chef had changed it to a chop, which would have been fine if it was good, but it wasn't. Although it was cooked well, I don't think we were able to get more than six decent bites out of it that weren't ultra-fatty between the two of us. The mashed potatoes underneath weren't hot and didn't have enough butter, and the asparagus was completely void of seasoning. Forget about the "caramelized lemon" and white bean ragout, if you can even call it that. If we'd been paying the full price of $36 I definitely would have complained. What am I saying? I complained anyway. The chef took it off the bill, almost making me feel bad for being so negative in this review. Alas, a critic's job isn't always an easy one.The chef truly isn't the only one to blame for the imminent demise of this restaurant, however, the decorator is. The dining room is supposed to make you feel like you are in old Vegas, but falls short in every way. The red felt wallpaper, fake leather booths, tiny chandeliers, cheap silverware and fake bookcases all add to the depressing ambiance. The worst, above all, is the music. It is more outdated than the drinks and is truly nauseating. I mean, I'm sure "Suwannee River" had it's day but it's 2010 now. Ian put it well. "I think I'm going to slit my throat with this butter knife if I have to listen to this anymore." "Wait!," I said, "Let me finish that honey butter first."Overall, I'm not sure the 50% off menu even makes it worth coming here. I would truly like to see this restaurant continue to make improvements because they have a really great thing going with the bar. It would have been smarter of them to open up a much smaller place that focused on great drinks and served a few exceptional tapas, rather than investing $1.6 million in this huge, boring place (the young new owner unfortunately invested everything he had). My suggestion is to stay in the bar and order the drinks. Order lots of drinks, that way the music probably won't bother you as much. Who knows, you may even start singing along.
4	The service was excellent. The portions my-sized. If only the prices were a tad lower, however, they do a happy hour that they say is everything the same but the prices in half. So until I make it there for happy hour they will just be missing that elusive fifth star. I loved the decor and the ambiance and apparently the bar is pretty happening? I can't say that for sure as I have to go by what they told me :)
4	Misti Y had told me a lot of good things about Herbs and Rye before my trip to Vegas so I was pretty excited when she picked me up from the airport and we headed here immediately for happy hour.They have some pretty awesome classic cocktails here including Moscow mules served in the copper cups and French 75s. The bartenders have a lot of fun crafting these drinks and as a patron I had a lot of fun drinking them.Misti and I also shared a couple of snacks to offset the liquor including a big mixed green salad that had bacon croutons. Um, yum! The other food we had was a Mediterranean flatbread that came with a blended spinach spread instead of tomato sauce, feta cheese, black olives and artichoke hearts. I really like the unique flavors of food and drink at Herbs and Rye so I can see why Misti is such a fan. I'd definitely come back on my next visit to Vegas and try more of what they're offering here.
2	I am really so hopeful for Herbs & Rye but I can't seem to get the consistency to keep the stars going.  One day it's a meh drink, the next awesome, the next good, the next meh.  I don't know what it's gonna take to get the consistency but please oh please find a way!  I love the concept and effort and passion.
4	The happy hour here is awesome. 8 bucks for a bowl of calamari that I cannot finish. AWESOME! The Mediterranean flat-bread pizza is half priced too and is again huge and amazing.If you can make it here for a happy hour of if you get their and it's dinner time. You'll get plenty of food for your dollar. So enjoy!
4	I attended a fabulous Yelp elite event at H&R last night, but I'll base my review on a dining experience last week. The stand out feature of Herbs and Rye is really the atmosphere. The velvet wallpaper, copper walls, the cheesey electronic piano guy. I love it ! It was relatively empty on a Saturday night and quiet enough to carry on a conversation - my kind of place ! I tend towards the more girly on my drinks so I can't say the drink list was particularly appealing to me. That being said, if you're a rye drinker (as the name implies!), you'll love the drinks here. My Hemmingway daquari was decent, but not a drink I'd drive across town to drink again. As many have mentioned - the Happy Hour is insane. I love the fact that it goes till 8 PM (note, the Yelp hours are currently wrong at the time I'm writing this review). Tons of great food options on the HH menu:*Chicken cordon bleu ($8) - chicken itself was deilghtful but the risotto it was served with was the worst risotto I've ever had ! It had a scoop shape like it had come out of a mold and it was really dry. Honestly good risotto shouldn't hold a mold shape, it should pool in a puddle of goodness on your plate. Minor detail.*Ribeye ($15) - served with choice of 2 sides. Ribeye itself was very tasty. No, for $15 you're not getting the type of steak served at Cut, but it blows every other "discount" steak I've had in this town out of the water. Again the sides here weren't all that special. Mac and cheese and mashed potatoes. Wouldn't pick either of those again despite those being my normal favorites. *On a sidenote I did try the flatbreads at the Yelp elite party and those were fabulous - even cold . I'll have to try one of those next time.Served with dinner was delightful bread with the coolest butter I've ever encountered. It was honey butter with chives and parsely . Sounds gross, but the flavor worked for me. It was so intriguing ! Overall a great experience was awesome service. Fun atmosphere, great for a date or a group of friends. If they could get their sides up to snuff this is a 5 star place for sure.
5	Came here for the Elite Yelp event but came early to scope it out.Ordered up a Blackthorne which was made with Sloe Gin,Vermouth, Gomme, lemon, bitters,and orange bitters. It was wonderful with lovely aromatics (I tend to smell everything as I taste- habit that a server remarked on since I look like I was enjoying it more because I smell and slowly sip) and the flavors were wonderfully fresh and balanced. You cannot taste the alcohol- it is deceiving smooth and fruity but is very strong. I think it's a new favorite. I have seen this oldtime recipe book in my book collection with this, but it's not like you can really find Sloe Gin at the store to do it up at home.  Got talking with the bartender "G"/Gerard while he was making up my drinks and he explained that they get some rarities and obtain the alcohols they need to make the drinks (most places get stocked by a sole distributor, but they obviously are not "in bed" with any distribution). I can really appreciate a labor of love in obtaining the finest spirits, making juices by hand, quality grenandine, quality old school bitters and only using fresh, quality produce for the drinks or it's not going to be on there. I had to have another drink. Stupid since we had open bar at the Elite event, but I had to try up the Aviation which is Gin, Lemon, Creme de Violette and Maraschino cherry.  Gerard said that it had violet flower essence in it and I was sold. Not a drink everyone will like, but I love flower and herbaceous flavors so this was all me and complex even with such simple ingredients I'm so used to seeing a bright red big cherry most cocktails and ice cream sundaes that when he took out the dark small cherry I had to ask "what is that?" before he dropped it in. Yeah, just a old school cherry can be amazing to me when as small details showing the love involved into their drink program. Yelp Elite Event was great! It was packed and even though Gerard and Mike were the only two bartending they were churning it out. Mike explained that some people even told him to skip corners like skipping the blackberry garnishes on  "The Yelpie"/Blackberry Bramble, but he insisted to keep on par with their standards and not skip anything as it cheats out people of the experience. I like that level of commitment to their craft and good because the blackberries were deliciously fresh. Food was good- had to be a vulture to obtain, but got my table hooked up with some wings, a steak& arugula flatbread and a Mediterranean flatbread.Now the night after the Yelp event, the BF and I left a club (Encore Beach Club) and wanted to get a bite to eat. He missed the party so we came for HH 12am-3am. They had a menu that showed select 50% off items and other items that had a discount on them for HH, but not quite 50%. It was a decent selection, but went with the calamari ($9-1/2 off) and some duck&sausage gumbo ($10 normally $15). Yes, I came from a club, but also grabbed up a Moscow Mule which was vodka, lime and ginger beer ($9- regular price). Other than simple well drinks, I don't really trust club cocktails  because it's usually quantity out over quality control....it was open bar for the club opening so it was bananas busy and they dont care on quality since it's free. Good- still some leeway to have some better libations here! I think $9 is reasonable for a quality drink....what do I get for $9 at a club? A soda. Moscow Mule was refreshing and lovely for the summer heat! The gumbo did have a good roux base. Wanted it spicy but maybe next time I'll ask to make it hot hot heat! The calamari is seriously amazing- best calamari ever. It had prosciutto crumbles, cherry pepper aoli and banana peppers. I was reaaaallly doubtful about the banana peppers and the fact they squirt on only a little bit of sauce, but it packed a wonderful, big flavor punch. Will be getting calamari here til I burn out for sure. The portions too are nice- we were definitely content sharing the two.Best part of the night though was the conversation. The BF and I talked with Mike for like 2 1/2 hours! We talked randomness from music, to botanical gardens, to food, to California childhoods to tattoos to  traveling to old school and secretive Vegas. It was really cool and chill that we didn't realize we were sitting there that long.  I don't know if it's just me, but I tend to want to go to bars where I relate with the staff well if I'm there to take my time and enjoy my drink. Drinking is enjoyment and not a speed sport to get wasted for me so I need a great environment where I like the people, vibe (hip hop ambient instrumentals playing)  and decor. He also showed up a book of the before and after this space from the Mexican place that inhabited it. Mike explained that they did all the work into the place themselves so it was definitely their home and their "baby". Well, boys, I think I found my "home" of sorts here too- definitely will be one of the herbs planted at the bar and taking root.
5	Herbs & Rye is my vibe in a nutshell and reminded me of my time spent at the Downtown Cocktail Lounge and Vic & Anthony's steakhouse.  It has a very 1920's feel with the bartenders' and servers dressed old school and the decor and lighting speakeasy-ish.I personally love this vibe and often wonder how a city like Las Vegas has such few places that carry this in comparison to the old school steakhouses and restaurants that built this town with that flair.  Overall, the service was outstanding, with the exception of them being severely understaffed.  The bar shook, squeezed, and stirred cocktail after cocktail until everyone seated and standing were satisfied.  The flatbread they brought out was tasty and all I can say is I cannot wait for my return visit.
5	The perfect restaurant to enjoy a delightful meal.  Excellent food, service, location, and price especially during happy hour!  Who could ask for more?!  The location is off the strip but not too far which works well for both tourists and locals.  It is fairly easy to find, too.  I never have problems with parking, which is a plus.  You're immediately greeted by the host and seated with little to no wait at all.  They have a private seating area, bar area seating, and a dining area as well.  The interior and decor has a great Italian old school vibe to it.  The bathroom (yes, I have to review that, too) is well maintained and beautiful.  Outstanding menu with non alcoholic and alcoholic beverages to choose from.  Their appetizer, entree, and dessert selections are great and vegetarian friendly also.  The calamari and rib eye are my all time favorite.  Great presentation!  Food quality is phenomenal!  Portions are great!  The waiters are knowledgeable.  Wait time for food is acceptable.  Our server was very attentive to refilling our drinks and asking how things were.  The bill is brought out when you're ready to pay.  You don't feel rushed at all.  Very pleasant staff!If you're looking for great Italian food, this is definitely the place to eat!
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  No cocktails on happy hour menu. They discontinued one of my favorite pastas ever.LIKE  The spaghetti and meatballs. The music. The atmosphere. The Aviation cocktail. Our mixologist Gerardo AKA the General Manager.LOVE  The (now-discontinued) Crabonara. The lasagna. Happy hour. The Moscow Mule.
3	Went here for dinner tonight as the boyfriend and I were starving. We were promptly seated and after asking our waiter a few questions about the food, we ordered a couple items. I have to say though, I had some sticker shock. $17 for a small/medium-ish plate of plain fettuccine alfredo?! Really?! And Matt said it ended up being $19 because they made a mistake on the bill and he didn't want to contest it -.- It was decent, but the cream sauce better have been milked from virgin unicorns because there is no way it was worth that much. I can get a giant plate of the best fettuccine alfredo in town for $14 at Casa Di Amore. This place, even though the ambiance was lovely and the service was spectacular, the food was no Casa Di Amore.Matt ordered the red, green, and white pizza. This thing was as big as the menu and $10 - not bad. It tasted okay, but I'm not a huge ricotta cheese fan so it lost me there, but overall it was flavorful.The service was amazing, the surroundings were lovely, but the food was not up to par. It tasted fine, but once the bill rolled around - yikes. I would probably come back during happy hour but that's about it.
3	Ok it's been a while since I've posted but I think I'm ready... (cracking knuckles) here we go. AM and I needed find a place for diner before going to the Sting concert. Both of us heard good things about Herbs and Rye so I called an hour before and they had room, excellent.Arrived and exterior looks like a classy bar. Walked in and was seated promptly. Looking at the menu, they didn't have the Mushroom Panzerotti that that was on the website menu. No problem, ordered the Linguine & Clams. The clams were really good as they were still in the shell so really fresh. I really liked the flavor of the clam juice with the wine, garlic and chili. Only thing that was disappointing was the pasta was overcooked. I like my pasta soft but it was like baby food. Didn't order dessert as we were on our way to a show. I would come back for drinks but not for dinner.
4	Yikes, this joint is expensive.   Appetizer, dinner and a hand-crafted cocktail for 2 = $120.  That being said.....YUM!!!  Arugula salad LOADED with crispy prosciutto (aka bacon) and huge chunks of fennel...10 points.  Crab cakes were light and fluffy with little tomato strips woven in (interesting).   Date commented that the asparagus was the best he'd ever had...and my prosciutto-wrapped salmon was pretty decent.  One culinary ding:  elbow noodles + yellow sauce doesn't = mac 'n' cheese.  Fix that or take it off the menu.Enough about the food, you'd come here for the drinks.  They have a clever menu that gives a history of each drink.  My friend enjoyed a Moscow Mule...I tried (and loved) the Blood in the Sand...Rudy Valentino's drink.  The best part? Our waiter/mixologist lit my damn drink on fire...and wow - that made for a tasty libation...that seemed to get even more yummy as I neared the bottom of the glass.  Bravo!
5	Superb service. Superb quality. Appropriate pricing (PLUS HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS). The best undiscovered restaurant, in my opinion, in Las Vegas today.My experience at this restaurant is fantastic. First served by Ronnie, then another time served by Eddie, there is a clear expectation of high-class, 20% tip, exemplary service here. And the quality of the food is incredibly high. What I ordered this time:Lamb Chop Appetizer. French Fries.Jalepeno Creamed Corn.Flan.This incredible hearth-style artisan bread is served before anything else, with a gorgeous whipped butter.And...the...service...was...great. Get it?The most remarkable thing about this restaurant is the attention to detail. That scores really, really high in my book. From the incredible desserts (and I'm talking Whoa! Awesome! Incredible), to the historical cocktails, to the Happy Hour pricing (plus the Anti-Happy Hour pricing from Midnight-3am for the late shifters)... it's like somebody said "Hey, you know that real up-tight guy that is terribly critical of every last little thing? Let's open a restaurant for THAT guy"...and they did.
2	Apparently there are two Herbs and Rye - the one that people seem to love here on yelp, and the one I went to, which sucked.  Strangely enough, they are in the same building, so good luck getting the good one if you go there.Everything from the ambiance to the service to the quality of the drinks was poor the night we went there.  Supposedly that is not the typical experience; so I may try it out again....Problem 1: the bar booth tables have no leg space, so 4 of us were uncomfortable in a booth that appeared to be quite large.Problem 2: the service was terrible.  The waiter took our drink order, and came back 15 minutes later to take a second drink order for our friends.  I inquired about where our drinks were and he then realized he never put in our drink order.  When we finally got drinks (25 minutes after ordering in a very empty bar), he spilled half of my friend's drink and one of the other drinks was only about 2/3 full.  (He did not offer to bring her a new one.)Problem 3: The drinks did not taste very good.  They were OK, but not the awesome deliciousness that I was expecting.  Also, there are no prices on the drink menu, and there are wild rumors flying about town that drinks cost $20-30 each.  (They do not, they were all $9, which was the only reason I was not totally angry).I've had similar cocktails at other mixology establishments that were much better... just more balanced.  These all seemed to have one taste (bitter, sweet) that overwhelmed the rest of the drink, which I think should be a more subtle combination of flavors that enhance one another, not clash for dominance.Problem 4: The place has a lot of potential ambiance, but at some point they just cranked up the top 40 radio, which is not very "speakeasy."The only food we ordered was the (vegan! yay!) sweet potato tots.  I really liked these, and that's why this place is getting two stars instead of one.  That and b/c the drinks were only $9.
3	Herbs & Rye reminds me of a speak easy. Very dimly lit, like you don't want to be seen. The first time we went, it was so dim, my bf's mom needed a flashlight to view her menu. I've gone twice and had the same server both times, Ronnie. He was very patient with my demanding party. One of the ladies in our group wanted to customize a drink (when they already have a long list of super special specialty cocktails) and wanted A-1 for her filet. So anyways. This last time we went, everything took a really long time. I'm not sure if it was our server's timing or if the kitchen was slow. Either way, I think it was a fluke because our first experience was fine. I think a dinner here is in the $25-40 range. We went during happy hour. During happy hour, it's -50% from well drinks and select items from the menu. My party of three each got a half-off entree. Beginning with the cocktails. Their specialty cocktails are crafted with a history of alcohol in the US in mind. The cocktail menu is listed with era in mind (the Golden Years of Drinking, Prohibition, Reform, etc), with the liquors and garnishes relevant to the drink. Very nice. I got the Aviation, an herbal recipe of gin, creme de violette, and lemon. (By the way, I don't know how much the cocktails cost because someone else grabbed the tab both times I was there). They have a full bar and also serve Le Grande absinthe. The menu is American traditional and very small. I had the Fettucine Alfredo ($12, $6 during happy hour). It was pretty basic. Really nothing special. I also had a Caesar's salad with salmon ($11). Likewise, it was a basic dish. One thing that struck me, though, was the dressing had anchovy in it and it was like, the first thing that hit my palate. It was good (I love anchovies), just the right blend. My mom got a nine ounce filet ($25, $12.50 happy hour) and my bf got the 17 ounce ribeye ($26, $13 happy hour). He ordered it rare and got a medium rare. All of the steaks come with a choice of two sides: Button Mushrooms, Jalapeno Cream Corn, Asparagus, Garlic Mash, Truffle Mac and Cheese, Crispy fries, Sweet Potato Tots. Might I recommend the tots? They are, how would you say, exquisite. For dessert, we shared a caramel flan. It was a little different from other flans I've had. It was a little less custardy and almost cakey. Like cheesecake.For the three entrees, a salad, a dessert, and six cocktails, the tab came out to about $100. Not bad. The ladies bathroom is disproportionately large compared to the rest of the joint. Two stalls and kind of ill decorated. But the restaurant is nicely done to continue the speak easy or Roaring 20's feel. The restaurant is partitioned in to two sections: the front and the bar. Next to the bar, there are about six semicircle booths facing the bar (and the flat screen tv's ... smart). * off the strip, non-casino
5	The cocktails here are amazing, next visit had the food... WOW! The service is awesome drinks where great and the happy hour prices are amazing!!
4	I've only been here once, so I'm going straight to the 5 stars, but I have nothing negative to say about this place. It's awesome!! Granted I had the happy hour menu items, so pricing wasn't an issue as those are some good deals, but I could see a dinner getting a little pricey here. Still the service, cocktails, and ambiance make it worth it. I had the wings and beef carpaccio, the wings were fine good flavors and crispy, but the beef carpaccio was AMAZING, loved every bite. Perfectly thin slices covered in a truffle mayo drizzle on a bed of arugula, sign me up!! Then I drank a Moscow Mule, the most perfect summer cocktail ever, and the glass it comes in is kind of cool too. I also had the Hemingway daiquiri, also very good but I must say the Mule was my favorite.  The tv's behind the bar were playing TCM's (and 16 candles was on) and the History channel, very entertaining to watch while sipping on some drinks.  Our bartender was the owner, and he couldn't of been nicer, very attentive and still took time to chat up his patrons. I will definitely be coming back here to enjoy some more cocktails during their amazing happy hour.
5	Best Happy Hour Ever!!!Located not too far from the strip (like 5 to 10 minutes away) great place for locals and tourist. Lots of parking!My friends and I have been here lots of times because it's one of our favorite restaurants. Also, it is a great place to bring your family because they have lots of seating and kid friendly. They also have a private area if you want to throw a party. Great place to go on dates because the lighting is dim and great music! So far everyone that I have recommended this place to has never been disappointed. The service is excellent, they will never leave your glass empty. Happy hour is from 5PM- to 8PM and 12AM to 3AM(for you late night eaters), which is half off food menu which are the items with a star next to it! Must try Items:Chicken Wings, Ribeye, Flatbread, Calamari, pretty much everything on the menu because yes it is that delicious!
5	Definitely a little gem!  Fantastic food, wonderful happy hour and certainly affordable.  This might be my new favorite!
5	The story you are about to read is true. This is old town, classic Las Vegas, Nevada. My name is Skacey, I carry twenty years of memories about the town the mob built.This investigation starts at Kahunaville inside the TI. I ask the bottle slinger behind the bar about classic cocktails. My never ending quest for the perfect Sezarac leads the conversation to Herbs & Rye. According to his story, H&R is the place to find it.8:23 pm. My partner and I are on east Sahara when we spot what appears to be a classic Vegas dive bar. Industrial plain building leads me to believe the trail may dead end here. Stepping through the door and we are greeted by a remarkably warm and inviting interior. We decide to sit at the bar to get the full experience.Now I've spent more than my fair share in Vegas bars and eateries. I remember the Vegas of the 80's as the last whimpers of organized crime faded behind corporate greed. Herbs and Rye brings a classic, personal touch to service. Our bartender is a consummate professional with enough personal interaction to make you feel more than welcome. I would trade ten modern servers for one who studies the art of service like this gentleman.The true test comes when I tentatively ask for a Sezarac, fully expecting to have to explain what it is and what's in it. Without missing a beat, the bartender asks about my preference on Rye Whiskey. I just about giggled with delight (yep, glance back at that profile picture and visualize giggling - quite a shocker, huh?)The drink is exquisite.For the food, I tried their Seafood Diablo and found it to also be inspired. Not to short the details on the food, but remember, I giggled through much of my meal.The Good: Best Classic Cocktails, and Classic Service in Las VegasThe Bad: Why does it have to be so far from my home town, Orlando, FL?The Ugly: The outside of the building - really let it go, once you're inside, you'll forget all about it.
5	Went for happy hour this evening. Had the Blackthorne - BEST cocktail I've had in years. Amazing and indescribable. Carpaccio - we're getting two of these next time. Calamari, again, best ever - this is the way it should be. Gnocci was tasty, fluffy and they accommodated my request for added mushrooms. Was a good addition.Happy hour - its not 50% off the whole menu, only a few items. The drinks were superb. They're starting DJ on Tuesday's early and late happy hour. I'll definitely be back!! Service was flawless.**Only negative was the balsamic/oil on the tables for the bread. Just don't bother. They're not using a select version of either of those. I think that's an afterthought and what they're serving there isn't meant for the bread-dipping quality you'd expect. Everything else - top notch.
1	I went there when it just opened for a month or two. I was there maybe around 6 pm. It's been a while ago. But I still clearly remembered how disappointed I was. It took around 20 minutes for the server to take my order. And it took ONE AND HALF HOUR to get my steak. At least if my steak is juicy and tender then I can tolerate. But... the steak is like a cheap steak from your local grocery store. So chewy, I can't even swallow it, no juice at all. My friend also order a steak, same thing chewy like a rubber... especially $35 for two steak, so so so disappointed... Maybe it was only me, on the bad day at the wrong chef. But that experience will never ever bring me back to Herbs and Rye.
4	While living in LA, I found out that I love classic cocktails and, even more so, I love the atmosphere of classic cocktail bars. Before moving back to Vegas, I did my research, read the reviews, and decided that Herbs & Rye was my new favorite bar before I even visited! Unfortunately, it's not very close to my hood, so it took a couple months for me to make it over, but here is the lowdown:Pros*Cool cocktail menu with lots of classic drinks.*Fair prices during regular hours.*Awesome prices during happy hour.*Free drink for yelpers every time you visit.*Cool ambiance inside.*Friendly bartenders who genuinely wanted to make us drinks we loved.Cons*Location. It's really not near anything else, so it's definitely inconvenient to go out there if you aren't either a resident of the West Sahara area or staying at the Palace Station.*Crowd. As in, there was none. Why was it completely dead on a Friday night???OverallI'll be back to H&R to enjoy their cocktails and happy hour (maybe even to try the food?), but it's just too far to become a regular.
5	I came here last night for part 2 of Nelson Q's UYE. It was happy hour and we had GOOD TIMES!!What I ordered:3 - Moscow Mule $9 (3rd one from my boy Matt S and 1st one from H&R for Yelpers)      vodka, lime, ginger beer1 - Blue Moon $51 - Carpaccio $6      thinly sliced beef, balsamic glaze, cherry pepper aioli, arugula1 - Harlem (shot from Jieun L)The Moscow Mule was very tasty. It was served in this cool mug. The Carpaccio was a little too salty. We wanted Jager shots but they didn't have it. The bartender suggested Harlem, which wasn't as good as Jager. I will mos def come back for the Ribeye during happy hour!
5	Since the Elite event I have dropped in a few times and even brought my friend here for her very first legal drink at midnight and dinner. If she's going to have a drink, I want it to be the best kind of drinks possible. She liked it so I was pleased with my idea of coming.When I saw that we were going to UYE here, I had to go. I love this place and really what makes it for me is the love thats here and how the staff conveys their care into things. I adore Mike and Gerardo who are the keeper of the drinks, secrets and stories. Still lovely.I tried the Brandy Crusta (Brandy, Maraschino, Orange curacao, Lemon, Barrel Bitter) which was lovely, fresh, a bit pungent and sweet. I think this is so far one of my faves other than the Blackthorne.Also got a Hemmingway Daquiri (Rum, Maraschino, Lime, Grapefruit). My writing didn't get any smarter, but my palette did. The description seemed simple and like I would know what it was going to taste like, but it was rather surprising and different. It had a grassy earthy tone to it that came through. My goal is to try every single classic cocktail on the menu. 6 out of 19 so far. I got calamari because I like their take on here it. It wasn't as flavor packed as last time I had it.....it was more garlicky/herbaceous with it's sauce last time. Still good though. Batter is light, I love banana peppers and any kind of crispy pork product so it's a marriage of things I love.The vibe is laidback and someplace where you can stay a while. I think the drink program is similar to  DCR so it's easy to try to compare them but I rather come here.  I won't be rushed out which I can feel they try hard to do when it gets busy at DCR. I don't see a personality there either- the bartender there is a bartender. Here they're Mike and G and you can get familiar with them. Like I said before, this is a place where I can take root at the bar waiting for my herbs&rye.
3	This is a review of their Happy Hour.The Skinny: overall, the food's not bad - but could use some refinement (3.5) Service: pretty good but we also hit the Happy Hour as soon as they started (3.5) Value: not bad during Happy Hour but seems rather expensive during regular hours.We walked into Herbs and Rye and immediately felt like we were in some sort of vampiric den. No windows, not much light, my hubby and I squinted as we tried to read the menus. Not to mention being blinded every time the door was opened.We were seated promptly being the first ones there. We ordered an arugula salad, the gnocchi and the steak with a side of truffled mac 'n cheese.The arugula salad was okay - but nothing special. The peppery flavour of the lettuce was rather unbalanced - requiring more acidity. It really needed something sweet to even those aggressive flavours out. Perhaps beets or fruit or something.The gnocchi was delicious albeit it was slightly overcooked (I felt it was a little on the softer side). It was light and fluffy which is really hard to find. The ragu was also quite tasty and mellow. I didn't think that the gnocchi dish was improved with the addition of bacon and could do without it.The steak was fine- cooked properly. The side of truffled mac 'n cheese was okay but not great. The sauce was a little too runny while the cheese overwhelmed the truffle flavour a bit.Overall, the dining experience would rate a 3. Just the gnocchi alone would get a 4. So we'll average it and call it a 3.5 star review.
5	Herbs and Rye owner Nectaly Mendoza has made every effort to authenticate the cocktail experience. Inspired by the "speakeasy prohibition" era and the history of the cocktail in general, along with old school Vegas mob culture, Herbs and Rye incites that mystery mob feel with it's After Hours popularity, and (I'll quote my cousin Jillian P.) "red felt wallpaper, fake leather booths, tiny chandeliers"... But just like Peppermill invokes the sentiment of  Las Vegas, Herbs and Rye does too- just not in the way we're all used to.And even if there was a hint of Prohibition Pretension, it would be entirely valid. Gerardo De La Torre, Bar Manager and head Mixologist delivers exceptional cocktails, all true to the original recipes.  A 'bartender' is given the title of Mixologist when he/she has mastered the Classics of the past and is able to create new cocktails while deriving inspiration from these classics and pairing them with modern ingredients. That Mixologist will then take the title of Bartender rather than Mixologist when these abilities have been demonstrated. It's a serious profession, and coming from New York City, I realize that this isn't widely recognized or understood throughout Las Vegas.My favorite cocktail of the evening was the Brandy Crusta; Maraschino Liqueur, Orange Curacao, Lemon,  and Bitters. But that's because I told Gerardo what I was in the mood for. ... Chances are, if you're not happy with the cocktail it's because you weren't accurately articulating your likes/dislikes, either that, or you don't know what you like yet! Which isn't a bad thing at all, because these are just the guys to help you figure that out. For example, I'm not a big fan of Manhattans, and I didn't explain this part, but I do like whiskey and brandy so I ordered "Remember the Maine"; Rye, vermouth, Cherry Brandy, Absinthe. This cocktail resembles a Manhattan in style- so it wasn't really my taste, but entirely precise in execution.My favorite food item is The Calamari, and Im not usually a fan of calamari. It's unique, and not your typical dive bar version, I'm talking peppercini, pancetta, with a zesty lemon aoli drizzle. I really loved this !An excellent addition to the menu if you are in the mood for dessert is their Hungarian Tokaji Wine 2005 vintage. Give it a try, you won't be disappointed. A melt in your mouth not too sweet Old World delicacy.Service was attentive and outstanding. Thank you Eddie!Herbs and Rye has emerged as a rare and authentic cocktail experience; an exceptional and exciting addition to the Las Vegas cocktail scene.
4	Customer service based. Great bar food. I would not come here for my anniversary dinner but I would definitely eat here multiple times a week for anything from a business dinner to god times with friends. Incredible cocktails and a fun old school Vegas ambiance. I can not believe they offer coupons on Restaurant.com but you might as well take advantage of them. Times must be tough. This is a consitant place and well worth your hard earned money.
5	I kinda hate all that makes Vegas Vegas, by which I mean what all the visitors to Vegas love to do: the bling, the hype, the lines, the crazy-partying-b/c-you-never-really-party-in-your-regular-life-so-you-have-to-blow-it-out-in-Vegas, etc. etc.So I ventured away from the strip and found Herbs and Rye.  This place rocks - it's chill, has a great happy hour and has some pretty solid food.  The happy hour is from 5-8pm and then from midnight-3am so perfectly timed!The location is pretty mellow but it's nice and spacious and the service is attentive.  Definitely a great spot to kick it and avoid the foolish tourists and their "woo"-ing!
4	Herbs and Rye has the destinction of being a wonderful purveyor of great crafted classic and modern cocktails.  Our waiter was very knowledgable and the service was good.  We went during happy hour and split a couple of half price entrees which made the evening rather inexpensive.   If you don't go during happy hour the food prices can really add up.  The food was good, we had a steak and the gnocci both of which were quite tasty.  The vibe of the place is laid back and comfortable.  If you're a cocktail drinker, then this place is right up there with the Artisan and the Downtown Cocktail room.
4	Hole in wall I was really impressed with. Never would of went without a friend taking me there. Drinks were unreal and very unique with drinks from the late 1800's to early 30's. Chicken Cordon Bleu was good. The service was a little bad. Luckilly it was not busy and I was not in a hurry.
4	I finally made it to Herbs and Rye!  From the outside, I was not sure this was going to be my kind of place.  Don't let the location and sketchy exterior scare you away.  Once you open the doors, it's like stepping in to another city.  My favorite thing about Herbs and Rye is that it is very different than any other bar I've been to in Las Vegas.  Very cool and dark and love the way it's decorated.  The drinks were strong and moderately-priced, but to be honest, I was not as impressed with the happy hour food menu.  I expected the majority of the menu to be 50% off and that wasn't the case.  The things I wanted, Bruschetta and Calamari, were not 50% off but I got them anyway.  And I'm glad I did.  Both great and far better than I expected from bar food.  The service was really great too.  We met the owner while we were here, and he seemed like a cool dude.  Gave us some of the history of the place.  I don't love Herbs and Rye yet, but I will definitely come back here to give it another shot.  Very cool, unique place.
3	Kind of an odd experience here and I don't know what to make of it.  I'm trying to find a decent, old-school cocktail place in this town.  We had heard good things about this place so decided to check it out.  Some friends of ours wanted to go out, too, so we met them there on a Thursday night around 7 or 8pm.Our friends got there before us and when we walked in and saw them, they looked really freaked out.  They were the only people in the dining room sitting at a table with an old man in the corner playing the keyboards.  Kinda reminded me of Swingers (the movie), except the fact that the place was empty.   No one in the dining room and a few people at the bar.When we sat down, our friends kept whispering how weird the place was.  We ordered some drinks and our friends had already got some food, which was ok but nothing special.  The drinks were also ok but nothing special.  Maybe I've been spoiled by my trips to NY and SF and need to just accept the fact that LV will not reach that level.  I ordered a mint julep but it didn't come in the special metal cup, which made me sad.  Accurate glassware is important to me.  My husband thought the Moscow Mule was ok, but not enough to come back.The keyboard guy then decided to come over and talk to us.  He was pretty much incomprehensible.  I'm not entirely sure what he wanted.  The place is fairly inexpensive but it kind of creeps me out.  I can't really expect much out of a late night (24-hour?) bar in this town.  Oh well, the search for an excellent cocktail in Vegas continues.
4	Note; this is based upon only one recent visit on 11/19/201 for an early dinner.The half price steaks were great! I had the Flat Iron steak with the Truffle Mac & Cheese as my side. The steak was as tender as expected for a Flat Iron steak...no fat or gristle and it did not have that "cheap-n-nasty" steak taste. I did not require any extra sauces as the steak was very delicious, I suspect they brine or marinade their steaks. It was very well flavored. The Truffle Mac & cheese was good, but honestly, I did not taste any Truffle (oil), but this is common for me when truffle oil is used (I may have a bit of an insensitive tongue for this particular ingredient. The half price menu comes with only one side, but these are quite large and if you are with another person there is plenty to share. My partner had the Jalapeno Corn as his side. As a rule, I hate creamed corn...... but not not this version, it was Very delicious! No heat from the chilies, just a mild, wonderful flavor. Really, a very impressive side dish. One note: my partner thought that everything was a bit over-salted. I love salt, so it did not bother me (however I did not add any additional salt)....but those who have concerns over salt may want to be cautious. I do not know if this is a regular 'style' in their food or not.Another note: while the interior is nice and relaxing, the main dining room is very dark. I would not wish to be seated there, I prefer tables in the bar area.In sum, I will be back often as it is located right in my neighborhood. The few others I know who have also eaten here had very positive reviews as well.
5	This place has an amazing concept!!! The decor is a dark brick/vintage velvet wallpaper with chandeliers hanging in all rooms. The food is amazing..(I.e. beef carpaccio- cherry pepper aioli, balsamic glaze, topped with an arugula salad...to die for. not to mention all of the classic cocktails ranging from the year 1865 to present. if you want a phenomenal bar to come to with great food and wonderful staff..come to herbs and rye. Nectaly Mendoza as well as "G" are ready to make you whatever you want...literally. both phenomenal mixologists that can answer any questions to anyone's palate. I love this place!
4	Herbs and Rye offers an excellent happy hour twice a day: 5pm-8pm and 12am-3am.  Happy hour gets you 50% off certain food items, $5 wells and $3 drafts.  The other evening I enjoyed a 17 oz. bone-in ribeye and a side of jalapeno creamed corn...all for a delicious $13.00.  While it still makes for a good $26 entree (ordering this dish during non-happy hours gets you two sides instead of one), getting this for half price only sweetens the deal.  This is one of the better deals I've come across in a while.  Don't get dragged to a Station Casino looking for their late night steak and eggs;  this is the place to be!The bartenders are the other stars here at Herbs and Rye.  They have been able to make all drinks that my friends and I have ordered without giving us a blank stare and asking, "What is that?"  This is a refreshing thing to see as compared to other establishments.  My friends have been very impressed by the drinks crafted here; I think they make good drinks, but nothing on their menu has really made my palate scream for more.  I'm perfectly happy ordering an Old Fashioned here, though, which I can't say about 90% of the other bars out there!One nice thing that's happened recently is that all the video poker machines have been removed from the bar!  This makes for an even better place to grab a few drinks and a meal if your party is small enough to sit at the bar.  Nectaly has been a superb host, remembering customers and always asking customers how their experience has been.  Herbs and Rye is another repeat eat for me here in Las Vegas!
4	Herbs and Rye seems to be the last bastion of the creative mixology in Las Vegas.  At times, it almost seems like a school for young up-and-coming cocktail artists, marshaled by the seasoned head bartender.The cocktail menu is refreshing in its focus on classic and prohibition era cocktails, but if you are in the mood for something more modern or unique, the bartender will mix you up something fancy and catering to your specific tastes.The atmosphere is very calm and cozy, a great place to relax after dinner or to recover from a taxing experience in a more 'energetic' bar.  The music I can't quite remember, but I'd like to say it was Jazz.  All I do remember is that it was great background music for a conversation.I hope the word spreads more for this spot, they deserve a place in the Las Vegas local's scene.
5	Had a little experience here the other night. Based on the reviews of other yelpers i ordered a Moscow Mule. the bartender whipped one up and it was, very anticlimactic. The bartender questioned my reaction and asked what was wrong a few times. Turns out the bartender that made the drink made the mistake of using tonic water instead of ginger beer because he's new and the bottle look pretty much the same. I was offered a replacement that was made properly and...yeah it's good totally different then what i was given before.This place takes customer satisfaction seriously. I've never had any place this concerned for my satisfaction. Overall the bar is well stocked, and the happy hour deals are to be taken advantage of.Havent tried the food due to a special event but it's on the agenda
5	Herbs and Rye is the place to go if you have a late night craving for some great food and don't want to eat fast food.  After midnight they have the Happy Hour which is 50% off select items on your menu.  I tried the gnocchi the first time I ate there and fell in love.  I know where to get my late night italian fix now when i'm craving it.  I also had the rib eye steak which was Delicious and cooked perfectly.  Not to mention it was one of the 50% off happy hour items.  I always get the sweet potato tator tots everytime i'm there.The well drinks are also half off during happy hour.  If you want to try something different get the Russian Mule.  Its a citrus tasting drink with vodka and ginger beer served in a brass mug with crushed ice.  I tried one for the first time and it instantly became a favorite.    Check this place out if you are on that side of town which is central Las Vegas, not too far from the strip.  Happy Hour specials are awesome.  Food is great.  Drinks are great.  And the history about place is kind of cool also, knowing that it used to be an old Mob/Gangster hang out back in the day.
4	Finally made it down to Herbs & Rye for their Happy Hour specials and I was very pleased with my experience. The atmosphere is pretty cozy and I would like to get a booth next time and settle in for a longer period of time. They have some pretty good Happy Hour specials. I can't wait to try their flatbread pizzas and steaks, but on this occasion I ordered the meatballs with chorizo and the sweet potato tots. We were just making a short pit stop here on our way to dinner so didn't get an opportunity to try all the menu items that I was craving. The meatballs were lovely. Delicious and spicy. The sauce was delightful and I was hoping for a roll or some bread to sop up the rest of it with, but the bartender claimed they were out. We tried to order the bruschetta as well, but were told they were out of that too, so I guess I have to believe him on the bread thing. The tots were ok. Pretty much exactly as you picture them. Sweet potato tater tots, so self-explanatory and not really worth further description. Pretty good on the whole though. Now for the drinks. At $5 a pop for well drinks they certainly treat you right. There was barely a hint of tonic in my vodka tonic, which I had a hard time downing at first, but was much easier with an extra lime and some food to make it go down easier. Great deal in general. I look forward to my next visit!
5	Tried the food.....THIS PLACE SHOULD BE ILLEGAL!!Went with a few buddies. Told them about this place and they gave me a 'meh' reaction. After the food came we were all just blown away. Cash to food ratio during happy hours are ment to be taken advantage of and provides a nice buffer of savings to try some items that arent on the happy hour menu.The Steaks...I got the rib eye my buddies got the flat iron. Honestly i thought the flat iron was better then the rib eye. The seasonings they used made that lesser cut of meat more flavorful and satisfying. The Sides... - Sweet Potato TotsWhat? OH HELL NO!! nom nom nom OH #$%@#$ YES!!- Asparagus What ever sauce they serve the asparagus in is just divine. Citrusy with buttery and savory. No clue what's in it but damn dont stop doing it.-Garlic MashBest garlic mash i've never had. There might be better versions out there so far i havent experienced them yet.The Rest...- Little Neck ClamsFresh tasting with a salty buttery herby liquid.- Spicy MusselsHoly...These were absolutely divine. I'd need poetry classes to describe these in detail. Served in a spicy basil and tomato sauce (at least i think it's basil and tomato). With some pasta this could be a dish of it's own.- WingsSome of the best damn wings i've had PERIOD crispy outsides with juicy insides. Large sized not those pansy things you get elsewhere. The sauce they use had visible seeds and flakes of chili. Spicy yet sweet. VERY nice
3	So it was a night of culinary adventures last Friday and I finally got time to yelp about it. It started off at Herbs and Rye, which I have driven past umpteenthousand times without even noticing. The inside is very swanky, almost a Rat-Pack feel, as if Sinatra should come out of the other room telling you to scram, you're in his seat. It's the kind of place where the booze is cold and the broads are hot. (Wow, I've been waiting FOREVER to use that line in conversation.)The food was good. Maybe I was just looking at a bar menu, but the selection seemed to be kind of small. It seemed to be like: Appetizer, Flatbread Pizza, Big Fat Steak, the end. But I ordered the hot wings, which were satisfactorily spicy. I tried some of my friend's sweet potato tater tots, but wasn't sold on them.But the drinks... oooh lordie. If you have more than two, be prepared to have a designated driver. I ordered a Long Beach Iced Tea, which when made right should have a subtle red/fuschia color to it. Too dark means it's a weak drink; too light means too much alcohol.The drink came back and looked less like a cocktail and more like a serving of pink lemonade Crystal Light.Needless to say, I only ordered one.I'm not knocking the place. If I was invited back by friends, I'd certainly go. But for such a good first impression, it kind of fizzled out.
5	Man oh man, herbs and rye, you truly are a hidden gem. MORE PEOPLE SHOULD FREQUENT THIS PLACE because everything about this place is awesome. Why you must ask?-The bartenders are truly very nice and are easy to start a conversation. Especially Mike.-The food is spectacular. And it's a steal when you go there doing happy hour. I love their Truffle Mac n Cheese and their sweet potato tots. Yes, I said it. Sweet Potato Tots! I couldn't believe my eyes and my mouth either! And don't get me started on those HOLE-Y donuts! Sweet and delicious. I preferred the caramel sauce with it. -The ambiance was dark and sexy.  Low lights, candlelights, modern-victorian decor, I love the ceiling. Please look up for me! Cause it's so damn preettty!-Their theme of the Prohibition is unique. Drinks all themed! Boo-yah! How creative can you get?
5	The best double happy hour in Las Vegas and the classic cocktails are the bomb !
5	Love this Place! Great drinks - try the Moscow Mule! Its so delicious! Prices are very good and I went on Monday night and there was cool house music spinning in the background. Was Great.
5	Officially my favorite place to relax and have a few drinks. They have a unique variety of drinks to choose from, all of which, at least of those I have tried so far, are very delicious. The food exceeded my expectations as well and I fell in love with the half-dollar sized clams. To top it off they play a great selection of music to keeps you there for hours!
5	this is my new favorite place to excitedly totter at 2am, my cab driver staring like a concerned father at the party that ain't stoppin, woot woot! the bartenders and crowd were all very chill, and few obnoxiously lost tourists were to be seen. reverse happy hour here is great, if you realize you haven't eaten all day or that you've had 10ish drinks and only wish to pay for one more. I had the long island iced tea, and my drunk-ass visiting friends had some food(finally!). of course they loved the food, but i can't comment. we spent essentially no $, thus i have to give the place 5 stars.
4	Fantastic old school drinks. Good grub. I've never seen it hoppin' but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Good little local gem.
4	I really liked the ambiance at this place, it has a slight gothic feel with dim lighting and velvet curtains. The music wasn't too loud so it was easy to have good conversation with our whole group.  The classic cocktails were interesting, but a bit pricey for a "locals" bar. The Carpaccio was good and had a decent portion size. The gnocchi was awesome, perfectly cooked with a hearty and flavorful sauce. The Flatbread was very flavorful and was a decent size. I wouldn't order the calamari again, as it was a bit too chewy and there wasn't much flavor. Over-all, this place has a low-key vibe and is a chill place to lounge, eat, and drink. Don't expect a high energy party bar or dancing.
3	After a hard week of work our friends suggested we go here because their friend was DJing.  It was a Saturday night and I was really looking for a good time that didn't involve...long lines!  Entering the building you are immediately surrounded by brick which is really unique in Las Vegas.  The sound of 90's hip hop was very welcoming!  We greeted the DJ and walked to the old bar that stretched to the back of the building.  On the other side of the bar were these beautiful booths and the wall was covered in a red antique wallpaper.  The wait staff is super friendly!  We had a couple shots and beer on tap.  The price of the shots were a little high but, for beer on tap for $4 wasn't bad at all.  We also ordered french fries.  They were a little pricey and they didn't give you more that an large order of fries from McDonalds.  After 12a they have a happy hour.  I would definitely recommend taking advantage of that cuase it's 50% off.  I give this place 3 out of 5 stars.  We will go again.  I would even love to go here for a birthday celebration.  Great place.
5	Herbs and Rye is a swanky prohibition style cocktail lounge west of the Las Vegas Strip. They have an impressive menu of hand crafted cocktails to choose from and a fantastic dining menu as well. The mixologists serve up old school cocktail classics as well as new creations based on older traditions. This venue is not for vodka lovers as the majority of cocktails are made with whisky and gin. The stiff drinks are served up in the correct antique glassware in a venue that looks reminiscent of a bar scene in a film noir. Wear a fedora to complete the experience.
5	This place has a really cool vibe.  First of all, it's pretty small if you're hanging out in the bar area, which I love.  Nothing exemplifies the Vegas bar experience more than a huge 10,000 square foot room with a rectangle bar in the middle of it with Cruddy bartenders pouring overpriced drinks.  This place is more out of Chicago or San Francisco than Las Vegas.  It's got a pretty dark old school vibe that I really like.  The bartender was happy to make suggestions for drinks, since we generally aren't gin/rye drinkers in my party.  Every drink we had was off the menu, no well drinks on this night.  They were all outstanding.  Didn't get a chance to try the food, but if it's as good as the vibe and the drinks it's got to be great.  Looking forward to my next trip to try the food and more of the drinks.  Short story, if you're into cool bars and despise the Designer/Summerlin Bar scene, this place is awesome.
5	Outstanding! Fantastic! Amazing! Delectable!We couldn't be happier with our dinner experience tonight.  The decor is dark and rich like an old speakeasy.  We sat in a cozy booth by the bar.  Chandeliers, velvet embellished wallpaper, and candles.We went for happy hour.  It runs 5 - 8 and again from 12 - 3.  $5 well drinks and $3 house draught irish red.  50% off select menu items.We started with the fries to snack on.  They aren't part of happy hour; they were $5.  They were perfect.  Hot, perfectly crispy and seasoned to perfection with salt and pepper.  Each fry had a perfect coating.  Next we had linguini and clams and 12 oz. strip steak with truffled mac and cheese.  It was all magical.  The linguini and clams was surprisingly spicy and flavorful. ($12.50) The steak was cooked a perfect medium rare and everything was seasoned perfectly.  The truffled mac and cheese was creamy and dreamy ($14.50).  The dinners were served with bread topped with balsamic butter.Although they aren't part of happy hour, we partook in some of their signature cocktails.  I had the diablo, a tequila, cassis, ginger ale concoction, and hubs had the martinez, a gin maraschino, lemon mix.  Both we excellent and strong ($9 each).  We then each had the house irish red ($3).Service was super friendly, and attentive.Total bill - $60 ?!?!?  For an app, 4 drinks, and 2 entrees! amazing!We would have paid full price but why when there is happy hour!Can't wait to tell everyone and go back!
5	Get the Blackthorne to drink, the carpaccio and the Bistecca flatbread! I'm still fantasizing about these vittles, and want to go back for a re-deux. I'd get all these items again. Great service tops it all off.Note: flatbreads used to be in the 50% happy hour section. No more. That bummed me out. Please, H&R, return the flatbreads to the happy hour menu. They're super tasty but more suited to the $5 range than $10, IMHO.
5	Herbs and Rye is a place that we always end up at, no matter where we started the night.  It pulls us back like a vortex.  And, honestly, I always have the most fun and best conversations with the people who frequent the place.I love, love, love handcrafted cocktails.  Herbs and Rye has this nifty drink menu that goes back in time and tells you a little bit about the history of each "drinking era."  I have been able to try so many different cocktails and been introduced to drinks I had never heard of before.  My favorites: Bees Knees (refreshing and citrusy), Blood and Sand (careful, it involves fire!), Sazarac (puts hair on your chest), Ward 8 (can't think of a description!  Lame, I know!).I hear all sorts of buzz about the happy hour and the food, but I've never eaten here, so I can't comment on that.  Truth be told, I always end up at the Ricos Tacos in the parking lot outside of Herbs and Rye!  But I should really try the food here if it's as quality as their drinks!Thumbs up.
5	Reminds me of New York inside.  I love the dark atmosphere.  I have to say is the historic cocktail menu where you can get drinks from certain time periods, starting from the early 1900s.  There's not much vodka in the early years for some reason, not sure why.  I'm terrible with history.I wish I had come during happy hour, because it can get a little pricy.  The food is great though.  They have their own take on calamari which I recommend for everyone to get.  Got the spicy mussels also, which I don't recommend as highly as the calamari, but still good.I would def come here to hang out and have drinks, but more of a second choice for dining.
5	Okay so it's been a long azz time since I wrote a review.  This place made such an impression on me that I just had to get back on here and share.  Damn it's been over a year!This place has that old school speakeasy vibe that I've been looking for (don't let the outside of this joint fool you)..... -dark lighting to set the mysterious and chill vibe right. CHECK-simple, classic styled furniture and decor as if you walked right back into the past.  CHECK-leather booth seating.  CHECK-small, quaint, and not a manufactured corporate chain.  CHECK-friendly service that knows their menu inside and out.  CHECK-damn simply,  a classic, cocktail lounge with character!There's two sides to this joint, the restaurant side and the bar side.  Pick the side based on your purpose for being there.  Duh, I was here to drink....so straight to the bar I went.  The bar is the perfect place to chat it up with the bartender and ask questions about the drink menu if it's your first time here.  Mike (our bartender for the night) was very friendly and explained the menu very well.  School was in session.  Great service overall.I cannot speak for the food since I came here purposely to drink and chill.  But from what I saw and smelled everything looked great.  Some random girl next to me ordered the donuts.  They looked so damn good I was gonna chat her up and see if she was willing to share!  She was a cutie, but it was the donuts I really wanted.  Hahaha.Anyway, back to the real reason for this review....the DRINKS!  I cannot explain well enough how awesome these drinks were.  These drinks are handcrafted, classic drinks representing different eras of American drinking.  Wait, did I tell you they were handcrafted?  Yes, handcrafted!  Hold up.....let me change that....these weren't just any drinks...these were cocktails.  And the cocktails weren't just poured....these were handcrafted.   Dammit......these were Handcrafted Cocktails!  No pre-made mixers or store bought juices used at all.  Cocktails shaken by hand over one shoulder.  Fresh cut fruits for the juice or zest only.  And a little bit of fire for the Blood and Sand cocktail.  Watch out now!  Very entertaining to watch these bartenders make your drink.I listed below the eras the different cocktail menu items represented:Gothic Age of American Drinking (?-1865)Golden Age of American Drinking (1865-1900)Old School Age of American Bartending (1900-1919).Prohibition(1920-1933)Years of Reform (1934-1948)Dark Age of American Drinking(1949-1989)The Revival of the American Drinking(1990-Present)Side Story:I came here on a recommendation a couple of bartenders (Kevyn and Jonas) from the Social House (yes I was drinking there earlier that day too) made to me when I had asked if they knew of any place in Vegas that was a chill, low key place that was unique.  They had asked in return if I was looking for something on the Strip or off the Strip.  I mentioned that I've done the stereotypical Vegas scene plenty of times already.  They told me specifically to check out Herbs and Rye.  And I'm glad I did!My buddy and I tried a few drinks that were recommended to us by the bartenders from Social House:  Aviation, Blood and Sand, and Vieux Carre.  When my buddy asked what was another good cocktail from the menu, Mike our bartender of course replied "everything", and then continued to handcraft a cocktail called Corpse Reviver No. 2 for him.Man, they were all good!  Next time, I'd probably start with the Vieux Carre for the full, bold taste and end with the Corpse Reviver No. 2 which is more sweet and refreshing.  The Aviation and the Blood and Sand were somewhere in between.    I highly recommend all these cocktails.SIde Notes:-We came here for late night happy hour 12AM-3AM and only spent $9 a cocktail.  There's no way on the Strip we would've gotten strong quality handcrafted cocktails like these for $9 each!   Tell me if you do.-It was Late Friday Night/Early Saturday Morning when we rolled in and they were spinning old school Hip Hop!-It wasn't packed in here at this time and the clientele seemed more like locals then tourists. Okay yeah I get it, people come out to Vegas from all over to party up on the Strip....  dress up all fancy, throw cash around like you're dirt rich, drink expensive drinks, etc.  After awhile isn't always the same?  If you wanna check out something different check out Herbs and Rye.  At the very least start your partying here for the earlier happy hour...then head out to the Strip.  If you're already partying on the Strip, you'd probably wouldn't physically be able to make out here for the late happy hour (yeah I know you party hard).  In case you do, it's the perfect place to unwind and chill for a couple more cocktails before going to bed. So what if  I left this place about 3:30AM and feeling really good and ready to continue partying....don't judge me!  Definitely coming back when I'm in town
4	I found Herbs & Rye on yelp when i searched "cocktails + Las Vegas".  We're from Atlanta and wanted to find a quality cocktail bar and Herbs & Rye was excellent.  We didn't eat so i cannot speak to the food, though the menu looked great.  We walked in, and despite there being a DJ who was playing shitty, loud music, the vibe and decorations are great. The back bar was beautiful and i first noticed vintage glassware. I'm a big fan of that. The cocktail menu is put together in such a cool way-by American drinking ages/eras, with cool pictures of Jerry Thomas etc. on it.  The lady had an Aviation, which while simple, seems to be screwed up more often than not. Hers was wonderful.  I started with the Buck's Fizz, which while good, was a tad too juicy as i suspect the bartender forgot the champagne. This was the only negative of the whole experience and it was quickly erased by a wonderful Vieux Carre which i was very happy to even see on the menu. The bartenders were very accommodating and genial, sporting vests and collared shirt, which i liked alot. All in all, the experience was wonderful, and really hope we have time to go back before we leave Vegas. If not, we will be back on our next trip, definitely.
3	Happy hour (HH) menu is VERY limited! Music is loud and unfitting with the speakeasy vibe. Streak and appetizers were good, cocktails were surprisingly lacking. Service is very slow.
4	When I walked into to Herbs and Rye, it was almost pitch black. It took a minute for my eyes to adjust to the darkness. I was greeted by the hostess and walked over to the bar. I looked around and immediately was reminded of Fangtasia from True Blood.  There's an old school vibe with the brick walls, red and black wallpaper, chandeliers. and private dark leather booths. The background music was modern and made me feel like I was a vamp tramp. (Yeah, I'm a dork.) I know the theme is prohibition but I couldn't help but think of Fangtasia. Needless to say, I really dug the vibe and decor.My friends and I came for happy hour. I was a little disappointed that cocktails weren't on the happy hour menu as I read about how well crafted and delicious they are. I was on a budget so I settled on a draft beer which was like $4-5 (I can't recall). The best part about happy hour is the food. Unlike other restaurants where you get small bites off of the appetizer menu, here you get 50% off hefty entrees. I ordered a Kansas City Steak Strip with Truffle Mac and Cheese for $15! My husband got the Flat Iron Steak with Jalapeno Cream Corn. We all ordered different items off of the happy hour food menu and everything tasted like it was fine dining. When our waiter mentioned their homemade donuts, we were sold. The donuts came with two types of dipping sauce but I preferred to eat them plain. They were so fresh and fluffy and definitely worth saving room for.Service was wonderful. We never had an empty glass. Our waiter was friendly and answered all of our questions. I would definitely come back again to try the cocktails and to have another perfectly cooked steak with the mouth watering truffle mac and cheese. Maybe next time I'll sit at the bar and try to look dark and mysterious to match the vibe of this place.
5	WHO: If you love italian, you'll love this place for sures! The bartender & server were super sweethearts & also chatted it up with me!WHEN: The first time I hit this restaurant up, I missed Happy Hour by a minute! Literally! So, from my experience, you definitely need to check it out from 5-8pm, and 12-3am! Happy Hour consists of half off the entire menu! =D Also, if you are a yelper and you let them know, you are rewarded with a free cocktail with the order of an entree. Yayy for yelpp!!(I went there recently and there are cones directly in front of the restaurant due to construction! I automatically thought it was closed because there were no cars in the parking lot, but my friend and I took a chance. MISSION COMPLETE!)WHERE: Located on the corner of Sahara & Arville, look out for the red sign!WHAT: There were no cocktails for me this time, but I will look into it on my next visit! After a couple of hours of shopping, my friend and I decided we wanted to try this place out. (I really just wanted to see what the Truffle Mac&Cheese was all about, haha). My friend and I tried:-Italian Sausage Flatbread: I was seriously expecting something small, but the server came out with an 8-piece flatbread pizza! It was marvelous! The sausage gave it the taste it needed, and I LOVE FLATBREAD!-Truffle Mac&Cheese: Ahhh!! Thank heaven for mac&cheese!! I am a lover of macaroni & cheese and this has got to be one of the best I've ever had!! I am craving for some more just thinking about it! There is such a perfect amount of truffle in every single bite, and the perfect amount of cheese. It is just pure perfection!-Pork & Figs: One word that describes this dish... BOMB!! I've never tried figs (besides fig newtons, haha) but they were just dandy! I wish I would have taken a picture of the dish (as I usually do!) It was perfectly created, the pork on top of the gravy'd mashed potatoes, and the flavorful figs all around it. I highly recommend!! =DWHY: The food is a must & an A-plusplusplus, the service was incredible (newfound friends), and the atmosphere was just CHILL!*NOTE: REMEMBER TO GO DURING HAPPY HOUR!
5	You don't know how much I love you,You don't know how much I care.This review is way old but since I'm sick and have nothing better to do than stare at my feet and feel like crap I thought I'd catch up on old reviews before they are erased from memory.Happy Hour is where its at son!1/2 off Steaks (and a gnocchi I just couldn't pass up)The vibe is straight up sexy, (I never use that word because I feel awkward saying it out loud) but its just dark, sultry and sleek and straight out of an old-school movie.  The specialty cocktails are divine, the bartenders take their time and they know wassup.  Quality drinks cost money, but oh what a way to burn.
5	A happy hour that can't be beat and top notch hand crafted cocktails in the (pardon the pun) old fashioned style.  It's a speakeasy, throwback place, quaint, understated and awesome.  All the food is great and there are so many drink options, it warrants many repeat visits to taste your way around the menu for both food and drink.  They've truly done something special here.
5	I love Herb & Rye. I like the dark decor and last time i was there on a friday night they had a DJ in there as well.  Aviation is my favorite drink there and i don't normally leave the bar without at least three of them ;)The food is also great there, i like the wings (hot & sweet & crispy, YUM), beef carpaccio, mussels, and the steak actually tastes good here.  Definitely order it during their happy hours, really worth it :)
4	This was a great find for us. The outside of the building made us question our choice but once we got inside, we were sold. The service was good and included several visits by the owner. Be warned that the drinks are handcrafted so they take a while to get to the table. We all ordered steaks because of the 50% off prices during happy hour (5-7.) There was nothing fancy about them. They were cooked right and had an excellent seasoned taste. The truffle Mac and cheese side dish was incredible. Save room for dessert. The donuts melt in your mouth. By the time we left at 8pm, the place was packed, mostly with locals.It was a $20 cab ride from the strip, but was well worth the trip.
4	Herbs and Rye is a fitting name for this modernized Speak-Easy cum Steakhouse cum Spaghetti Shop.I LOVE this place and, though they may not be as "proprietary" as Downtown Cocktail Lounge or as "niche" as Frankie's Tiki, Herbs and Rye defeats others because, not only do they have Food and Classic Cocktails, they do both exceptionally.A close friend and I have been frequenting them since last year and, each time we go, we're satisfied with the experience.First, because it's not the thing you expect from a cocktail room, let's talk food.My favorite thing on the menu is the Bistecca Flatbread.  I like the steaks (And, at either Happy Hour they are a steal at half-price!) and several of the pasta and Italian dishes, but the Flatbreads are the gold here.  The Bistecca is a well-balanced combo of crisp, fired, cracker-like flatbread topped with a perfect balance of cheese and steak, all topped with a mound of peppery, salty Arugula.  This is great accompaniment to any cocktail.Also, I found the Pasta Carbonara (They don't call it this, but peas, bacon/ham and cream on pasta is Carbonara.) to be excellent - I've ordered it twice.  I will say it is incredibly rich, so be prepared for it.  Also, don't let it sit too long because it loses its pop if it cools too much.Now, the coctails are definitely "where it's at" at Herbs and Rye.After my first evening finding this place - desperate for a real cocktail, not beer, wine, or Frat Party Specials - my friend and I sampled about 10 of the cocktails between us.  With the exception of ones we just didn't like from preference, all were great!  Here's my deal, if you can make me a Blood & Sand that is coherent, I'm pretty satisfied.  If the Sazerac tastes good, I'm home.  Both met my test.  For something easily approachable, try the Aviation.  For something with a punch, the Corpse Reviver #2 will do the trick.The one thing I would like to see is more consistency in the service.  The staff is all very friendly and helpful and knowledgeable, but the one time I've held a party there, they seemed a bit "run around".  Also, I rarely see more than one bartender, which is not enough for busier hours, especially during a happy hour.A note about the Happy Hour, it's one of the few in town to offer items from all parts of the menu - with the exception of the Classic Cocktails - and one of the only ones that runs until 8pm, and then picks-up again at Midnight.  You can start and end you evening here easily.Bottom Line:  If you want good food, atmosphere and OUTSTANDING cocktails, go to Herbs & Rye.
4	One of the few times I have seen every steak at the table cooked exactly to order. The service was great and the happy hour well worth while.
5	I seriously love H&R, and I'm a little conflicted about writing what I really think because part of me is hesitant about my favorite neighborhood spot becoming too busy! but the other part of me wants this place to succeed and stay around for a long time to come.... sooo....This place is so cool. Very not-Vegas. no gambling. no smoking. and an awesome happy hour that goes until 8. half. priced. steaks. and not crummy steaks like you might expect for half price. tender, flavorful, nicely cooked cuts of meat.  they've got a couple HH beer specials, but sadly no specials on their amazing assortment of drinks.  it's a very prohibition era, speakeasy kind of feel to the place, and they serve old-school cocktails that have ingredients like absinthe and bitters and rye.... orange peels set on fire.... really fun stuff.and their sweet potato tots and truffled mac & cheese..... i get them every time. and usually a second order of mac and cheese to go to eat at home in my pjs later that night... we also ate here with a large group once and they were so accommodating! perfectly separate checks, patience, attentiveness. we even had vegetarians and vegans in our group and they worked with everyone to make sure dietary needs were met - it was a great place for a group. closed sundays - which, like chick-fil-a, ends up being the day i have a massive craving, so just try to plan ahead so you don't get your hopes dashed!
4	Ahh yes. Herbs and Rye. What a fabulous establishment. I've only been a couple of times, but I've quickly become a fan. They not only have excellent classic cocktails, they also have excellent food. This is far from your typical local bar.Let me start with their cocktails. Their classic cocktail menu is unrivaled. I love poring through the pages in search of my next beverage. It's just so detailed and well thought out. If knowledge is power, then the Herbs and Rye menu will make you a Cocktail superhero. Every drink has a little tidbit about its origin. It's also organized in chronological order. Want something from the Prohibition era? Herbs and Rye has got you covered. Perhaps something from the Gothic Age of American Drinking? Wait. What the heck does that even mean? Regardless, they have your back on that too!On the other side of the coin, Herbs and Rye has some fantastic food offerings. Did someone say happy hour? A selection of their steaks are half off during HH. On my first visit, I went with the Kansas City Strip Steak with a side of Truffle Mac and Cheese (during HH, you only get one side instead of two). While the steak was flavorful, I admit that I was envious of my neighbor's Flat Iron. I'll definitely get that one instead next time. Outside of their steaks, I've also had the Clams from the appetizer section (also half off during HH). OMG those were incredible. It's basically a bowl of clams in a buttery sauce of awesomeness. On the side come two pieces of toasted baguette. Trust me when I say those are not enough. I ended up asking for more bread just so I could soak them in that buttery goodness. Yes, I know. Healthy as can be.Will I return? Is it hot in Vegas in July? Does it flash flood when it rains? Is it dark in here?
5	I popped in late Friday night for food and drinks with friends and had an absolute blast. I have been here before and have always had a great experience. This was no exception.Friday night we shared a carpaccio (a fave of mine, as some of you know, and so I am ultra persnickety about this dish), a pork loin dish, salads, and... I feel like we had half the menu between us... and there were only 5 of us! The food was perfectly cooked (or not, as appropriate), seasoned, and, truly, wasn't on the plate long at all. A lot of "you *have* to taste this!" and "I'll fight you for the last bite of that..." was heard amongst our little group. (To be fair, I think I may have stabbed someone with a fork while uttering that last bit...)Not to be outdone by the food, the bartenders were on their game. We all went for the "Herbs & Rye"... a drink that is decided upon by whosoever is keeping the bar. We were treated to their famous classic cocktails (one of the best menus in town for these oldies but goodies), never receiving the same one twice, and sometimes finding them with a twist or a dash or a splash, to make them even more creative. Much like the food, drinks were passed around and lauded and coveted. Repeatedly.The space is small and cozy without being stifling or claustrophobic, the decor is dark and enveloping, lit perfectly, and seems to transport you out of Vegas - or maybe just to a Vegas long gone (in other words, no seizure-inducing, flashing-light video game machines or clang of slots machines). Intimate and social all at once, there are romantic booths, classic table seating, or, do what we did... belly up to the bar and trust the people behind it. You won't be disappointed.
4	Really good place!Drinks were good, creative.The sweet potato tots were so good, as was the pork & figs. Happy hour deal of half off their steaks was amazing, the steak was very good.Overall, loved the place, only bad thing I can say is it was and hour and a half after we sat down until we got our food, and they weren't very busy. We weren't exactly in a hurry, but the service was slow.
4	This is going to be one of those hazy reviews where I can sort of remember stuff but the fact that we were at Frankie's Tiki Room immediately before this makes it pretty damn difficult to remember what happened here. I definitely shattered my phone screen and lost my suit jacket either before or after arriving at this establishment...or so I was told.We definitely came here for the 12a - 3a happy hour. Fact. I ordered a steak and then spent 5 minutes talking to the bartender and owner about the last drink we had at Frankie's and if there was anyway they could create something similar. Apparently I did not insult anyone or molest patrons while doing this and my drink order was taken. I believe everything up to this point to be factual. Now once the steaks came, that's where I lose it again. I think the steaks were really good. However, that was mainly from my less drunk better half telling me that her steak was really good. I also think I dug the interior; wooden panels if my hazy memory serves me right. But not 80's porn wooden panels. So to sum up: shattered phone, lost suit jacket, friendly bartender and owner, nice interior, and good steaks (especially at happy hour prices).Vegas.
1	If I could give this a negative 5 stars I would.WORST DINING EXPERIENCE SO FAR IN LAS VEGAS! I went there last night with 2 friends and ordered a steak. I got the steak (which was IHOP quality) and it had 2 pieces of plastic cooked into it. They were not small pieces, they were the size of silver dollars! I showed the waiter and he said "that is from the plastic wrapping we cut the meat out of" (This WAS the same kind of steaks that Dennys and IHOP uses!) Well he asked me if I wanted a new steak and I jokingly said "yes, but no plastic please" and laughed. He then rudely replied "yeah, thats common sense, don't you think"! and walked away. My friends and I looked at each other and were shocked and asked if we had heard him correctly. I got up and went to ask the hostess if the manager was there and if I could speak to them about my waiter. The hostess informed me that my waiter WAS THE OWNER! The waiter/owner then came up behind the hostess and confronted me about me trying to make a complaint. I told him I didn't like how he talked to me at my table and that he then replied "Then get the (explative) out of my restaurant! I said get out, you and your friends too!" I stood there stunned and actually laughed in his face. That made him angry so he called over 2 "goons" from the dining room to try to muscle me out. One guy walks up and takes off his suit jacket like he is going to assault me. Not cool at all!  This being my first time in this restaurant will also be my last! The service was atrocious and the food was IHOP quality for strip prices. And then to add insult to injury, they still made us pay for our meal!
4	In wanting to get off the Vegas Strip, I sent out a call for recommendations and received a great one for Herbs and Rye, located in a somewhat seedy part of Vegas on W.Sahara. Don't let the outside location deter you. The inside of Herbs and Rye had a great, dark vibe and was definitely not a Vegas Strip kinda place. I am quite certain its a local hang out. In fact, if I lived in Vegas- I would be a regular for sure. They specialize in craft cocktails, a favorite of mine and the reason why my buddy and I went. I had a Buck's Fizz (on the menu) which was a great refresher followed up by a Pimm's Cup (not on the menu) which was done well, although with Ginger Ale instead of Ginger Beer. My buddy had a Moscow Mule which was great and quite large drink which kept him occupied during our whole stay. The menu is divided into cocktail "eras" such as "pre-prohibition", etc. I thought that was a cool touch. A pleasant surprise was the food. Being a cocktail place they don't do drink happy hours, which I admire- however they do food happy hours...with several dishes offered at a discount. To take advantage I had the mussels in a spicy tomato sauce and my buddy had the fillet and mashed potatoes. Both were excellent and a great deal. So, in addition to recommending this place for a great pre-strip hopping cocktail, I would definitely get there for some grub prior to going back to the stock tourists hang outs.
1	Wow, it's pretty sad when the owner of this restaurant has to make himself look like even more of a jack ass by bashing me after I let everyone know how horribly he treated myself and my 2 friends. He had to comment on my Yelp review to make me out to be the bad guy and say I was "drunk". That is pretty pathetic. I wasn't impressed with the food nor his lousy attitude when I came there this past weekend. I'm glad that people can now see how you are a complete immature jack ass after your response to my complaint. A good business owner would have responded back with an " I'm sorry about your unsatisfactory meal and service, what can we do to make this up to a valued customer?" However you took the low road and made YOURSELF look bad!
5	A M A Z I N GI didnt want to go here to begin with, I thought it was gonna be some hole in the wall place I was being taken to save a couple bucks, boy, was I wrong! I have now had nearly everything on the food menu, & we havent even BEGUN discussing drinks! For the food, my fav appetizers have to be the littleneck clams, which are bsolutely perfect. I always want to like shellfish, but especially clams and oysters, no matter how many times I order them, I just never do....until I had these. The porton is more than enough for 2 people, and it comes w/ awesome bread. For the entrees...I have never had pork that tasted better than their Pork chops and fig meal. It is incredible, when I tasted that, it was like when you have a child, I just, didnt know I could love something so much. They serve your standard drinks of course but also, a huge array of prohibition era drinks. Seriously, if you go anywhere else in Vegas to eat a steak, you are wasting your money and making a huge mistake. Do yourself a favor and wait til Midnight, when most items on the menu at Herbs & rye are 50% off!
5	Favorite place to get a cocktail!If you're thinking of coming here and getting a rum and coke, this isn't the place for you. These are quality cocktails. The menu is informative. It is broken down by the history of alcohol and spirits, from prohibition and beyond.I'm obsessed with Brandy Crustas and Clover club. The mixologists are great! Happy hour is a great deal on food as well. I think its 11 or midnight until closing 2-3am. The gnocchi with the chianti meat sauce and the alsatian flat bread are my two staples. Those are addicting! Steaks are great too and the sweet potato tots and macaroni are good.Great bar to hang and talk and catch up. But don't expect that on a Friday/Saturday night, club crowd and dj is in the house so it gets very loud. If you're in the mood for that, go on those nights. If you want a chill evening go on the other nights. They are, however closed on Sundays. Great hangout for groups too.
5	Truffle mac n chz is a must have! Great specialty cocktails and great happy hour 5-8 12am-3am
4	This place is for you if you appreciate a fine cocktail, like places that are off the beaten path and want something besides 'bar' food. This place is NOT for you if you don't know what a mixologist is, want to order a shot of Jager or anything mixed with Red Bull00, if you are are loud, obnoxious or wear too much Ed Hardy. So kindly please don't come. :)Try the meatballs. They are amazing! I can't pick a favorite cocktail yet because I'm working my way down the menu.
4	Went for happy hour. Half off several menu items including filet mignon dinners! Drink specials weren't too good: $5 well drinks and buy one get one 1/2 off bottles of wine. I would like to see a discount on the classic cocktails to encourage people to try your specialty! I had a clover club and blood and sand classic cocktails. Both were good but the blood and sand was better! Steaks were cooked to perfection and the flat bread pizzas were huge! Great visual atmosphere but the music was off putting - you can't play house techno music in a fine cocktail lounge... service was fine once I mentioned I was a yelper.
4	So happy we discovered Herbs & Rye!! Happy Hour is great, food was delicious, and the classic drinks are a hit. Must try!!
5	AMAZING! ....Period! The true highlight of Herbs & Rye is that it is the complete antithesis of what you would find on the strip.****Great tasting food, innovative cocktails and prompt, un-intrusive service without the stiff upper lip atmosphere. I was comfortable the entire time! Such an amazing experience!This place is undoubtedly for raw unfussy foodies!
4	Drinks are better than the food...  That being said the food is more than passable and the drinks are fantastic so I definitely recommend this place as a change of pace from the usual over-the-top strip wannabes.  Vegetarian options were available if not especially numerous.The service was perfectly attentive and the ambiance was nice with a dark speakeasy vibe.  However, as other reviewers have mentioned, the electro lounge music playing does not suit the vibe of the decor.  Put some sweet jazz tunes on and everything would fall into place.
1	Clarify to the bartender that it IS Happy Hour...get him to acknowledge it! We rolled in after 12am specifically for happy hour. Looked at my phone to check time while I was STILL in a taxi...12:10..cool. We pop in and order food and drinks and have a good time. Bartender is cool...ask for the check, while he's doing stuff he says you look familiar...bla bla bla...where ya from. Finds out we're not from Vegas then shows up with a check time stamped by the register for 11:48pm as the time when we placed our order. I'm stunned that the "owner", Nicately, would pull something like this for an extra few bucks??? $22.00 dollars to be exact. I asked him about it and he said that was the time when we ordered. I told him we were in a taxi at that time...HA!! what a loser. Keep the money friend.
4	This place is incredible and will become a favorite. Go during happy hour for 1/2 off Filet Mignon!
4	Herbs & Rye has a great ambiance, the classic old school italian feel. Nice extensive drink list - some are very creative. Food was good, service lacked. They waited until we were finished our course, but didn't clear the plates, so we were getting plates on top of plates. I ordered my second cocktail before we got entrees and it didn't come until I was almost finished my meal! It did take a little too long for drinks that night. I'd go back to try it out again, but if I get the same service, that would be their last chance. I do have to say the desserts were really great! The doughnuts with dipping sauce and pazookie style cookie with ice cream...mmmmm!
5	Cocktail geeks rejoice - craft cocktails exist in Vegas. I'm not sure since when, but they're here in full effect at Herbs & Rye. The elixirs you'll find coming across this bar are seriously top notch and could stand their ground against any in my favorite coastal cities such as Portland, Seattle, SF and the like. I'm so glad  to have found this spot (thanks to all who recommended it and to Misti for taking me there) and it will definitely be on my itinerary for any return trip.This is the lest "Vegas" bar in Vegas,  and that's one of the big reasons I am drawn to it. No flashy BS, no gaming, no smoking, no crazy-extreme high prices on the drinks, and almost zero pretense. Nice guys making stellar drinks in a chill, subdued setting (at least when I was in there) that's free of all the glam and glitz that exists a few blocks away. Nothing against that stuff (my stop prior to this was for a delicious cocktail at the fancy Vesper Bar) but I sure do love me good cocktails minus the snoot. The cocktails on the list are all classics, organized by the decade that gave birth to them. The list is medium-length but very carefully curated, and I found no less than three of my favorite elixers jumping off the pages and into my glass. The two drinks I sampled were a Vieux Carre (a personal fave) and a Remember The Maine (also a fave). Both were impeccable - perfectly balanced with a nice depth of flavor. High quality ingredients and trained hands sure do make some fine drinks. The story behind the guy who owns the place is a cool one too. He started out at the bottom and made is way up to the top - self taught. I respect that. And his humility and charm is something often not seen amongst the highest level of mixologists. He's a true barman. The food menu is hearty and tasty. I only sampled the truffled mac side fior $7 (a hearty portion) and it fit the bill. For a respite from overpriced drinks and chaos of the strip, get thee to Herbs & Rye. You'll make up your $$ on cab fare after only a couple of drinks and you'll be so glad you did.
5	Update.  Went on or just around Halloween.  Good times.  And they were open.Well this is about the third time I've been here and they've "closed early". Thx for making me drive out here to get my drink on then close. Shiftys is awesome...  You guys are amateur...
4	UHHH!!! My stomach feels like it is going to explode. I am so full. I cannot eat another bite... but there is still half a dish of truffle mac'n'cheese. All are common responses when visiting Herbs & Rye. I have been so bogged down with work, or work related situations that I was set on treating myself to a nice meal. I called up a friend and we met up for happy hour. Both of us didn't feel like drinking, so we opted for their food specials. The deals are limited to five or six items, but they offer some meals for half off. Instead of just filling up on quick fryer food, H&R includes a few steak and a pork chop entree. We began with the spicy mussels ($10 HH, $22 regular). The tomato sauce was so good that I was scooping it into empty shells to slurp down. For my entree I got the 12oz. bone in strip cooked to a medium rare with the peppercorn brandy sauce and the truffle mac ($17.50). I have to say this was near perfection. Yet, I would have been happier without the sauce. My friend had got the same steak with the chimiccuri and asparagus. I stole most of her sauce. I should have listened to our server, the chimicurri was much more flavorful and bold. Usually I am not a mac'n'cheese person. My gaze usually zooms over these words, but Robyn and Kevin L. swears by it. Luckily, I trusted them and ended up a winner. By the end, two steak dinners with an large order of mussels to start cost us less than $50. Even though their HH list is minimal, Herbs & Rye's offerings are more than satisfactory.
2	I wanted to love this from the get go.I have read so much about it.Long story short I don't think I will be back or could recommend this place for food.Maybe a cocktail yes as the menu for such was outstanding.Service was weak sorry Thor when I have to ask you more then once for another beverage you slip.What is wrong for a server to be locked on, is it to much to ask? Paying steak house prices for a steak on a plate and getting nothing more the sweet potato processed tater tots not impressed. Loved the decor and think you have something but asking for change from the bartender and getting attitude ( green lantern) not good. Man I wanted to love you!
3	Last week, found out this is one of the kids' favorite restaurants... mainly for the bargains during Happy Hour...On the menu...House Beer (***) The waiter initially described their Beer... "Red, like Killian's". Reponded... "Killian's Irish Red???". "Oops! Excuse me! It's only Red... doesn't taste like Killian's."Yes, the House Beer is Red... He was right... no way did it taste like Killian's.Littleneck Clams Appetizer (*** 1/2 $11.00 Happy Hour Reg-$22) Parmigiano, Lemon, Broth. Smallish Clams in a... watery Broth. Frankly, could have used more Butter... a lot more. Had better last year... somewhere else in Vegas...Bread & Butter (**) I'm a Dipper, an expert Dipper from way back... Love to Dip Bread & Butter in Broth from the Clams Appetizer and from my daughter's Linguine & Clams entree. At first EVERYONE received their own individual six-inch mini-loaf of hard, over-baked Bread. Asked for refills... only two were brought out. Asked for refills again for just me, which the waiter didn't know... only received one loaf. I'll bet if I asked again... we would have been ignored...Kansas City Strip Steak (** 1/2 $14.50 Happy Hour Reg-$29) Chose this Steak over the Filet... mainly because of the price and size, which was 12oz... the Filet was $34, but was only 8oz. Chose the Jalapeno Cream Corn as a side. Wanted to take it easy on the kids' wallet...When the entree came out... The Strip Steak was on a separate plate, which surprised me... and the Side of Jalapeno Cream Corn (which was Not Creamed!) was in it's own deep-oval dish almost as long as the plate itself.Steak, itself, was the thin, smallish Steaks you'd buy for yourself at the local Super-Market... the one's that are gristly, and that you'd always over-cook... never can get right because it's so thin. Hate to say this... the best part of the meal... the watery Jalapeno (Creamed) Corn.Also received donations of....   Filet Mignon (**** 1/2) Word to Yelpers.... the ONLY Steak worth it's       price regardless whether it's Happy Hour or not is the Filet Mignon at       $34. $17, during Happy Hour, is an absolute bargain!   Linguine & Clams (*** 1/2) Used the same Broth as the Clam Appetizer.      Same conclusion... more BUTTER, PLEASE!   side of Truffle Mac & Cheese (***) Tasted OK... if you ignore the       over-cooked Macaroni!   Looks like I ordered the wrong things... all the way around!Bee's Knees (* 1/2) Hand-Crafted Cocktails? They might be Hand-Crafted... but not by a qualified Barttender! NOT!When the drink, which consisted of Gin, Honey & Lemon came out, there was the thin film of dark Honey on top over the light-colored Gin & Lemon Juice which indicated inadequate mixing of the beverage - minimum 30 seconds of continuous shaking, stirring, mixing... whatever. Very amateurish attempt. Sorry, fellow Yelpers, whomever mixed this drink will have to go back to Bar-tending school...If you want to "do" Vegas on the Cheap, I guess this place is as good as any versus the super-duper-expensive Strip. But, you'd compromise first of all with the character of the establishment.... first impression... Old-School, Dank Red-Velvet Wallpaper, and Dark, mood lighting. And then when you're seated, you're handed a hefty, black, faux-leather bound Menu... that should have been re-bound years ago. About twice as many people at the Bar than people having a sit-down meal.
4	This is a solid joint.  We came here for drinks only (though we ended up ordering some wings and calamari for a snack) and with one exception, all of the cocktails we ordered were very good & service very efficient.  Loved the exposed brick walls and candle lighting.  Too, the DJ spinning that night was great.  Played a bunch of old school hip hop stuff which was perfect -- upbeat but not clubby.   Would definitely go back.
3	The happy hour wasn't impressive, only a couple food items and well drinks & beer. The food we did try was pretty good, calamari was excellent, it was served different from any other place I've had it before. The meatballs were good, very spicy. We opted to try the specialty martini drinks, my favorite has to be the bee knees or the apple rose. Overall, I probably wouldn't return unless I was in the neighborhood. I drove pretty far to get to this place, I wouldn't go out of my way again to go there. The neighborhood is pretty sketchy. Lock you car doors and don't leave anything visible in your car!
5	Their food was bomb... Every single thing I've tried from their menu is really good! Italian food and even happy hour items. Bartenders are really friendly, place has a homey vibe which I always like... It is the perfect place to just sit chill and talk story with a friend or a group.. Certified locals spot!
4	We've been here twice.  Simply awesome off-strip location for quality of food, amazing cocktails, and atmosphere.  The spicy muscles are quite good, just be sure to ask for more bread at the beginning.  We've had both the filet and the strip steak.  Both were excellent and I am a little picky about steaks.  The sweet potato tater tots are a can't miss side item.  Finally, the cookie desert (huge) and the espresso were top-notch.  Don't let the exterior of the building fool you.   This place is a rock solid choice if you want to go somewhere that doesn't involve the casinos.  And the happy hour 50% off specials are unbeatable.
5	Simply amazing! The food, service, ambiance, and cocktail selection is great & be sure to try the truffle mac&cheese!
4	Still getting good meals here.  No complaints.
3	12/14/2011 update.Just went in for happy hour, aiming to get the carpaccio and a flatbread. Last time I was in, these were awesome happy hour snacks, and priced as such. Both $5. (Flatbread in the interim had climbed to $10). Things are a changing at H&R. Now, they're each non-happy-hour-priced at around $13/ea, and the only happy hour appys are the mussels and the clam linguine. So much for the good ol' days. Not so happy hour. Sneakin' those prices up. Definitely not worth a $30 hit. I left when I discovered this new situation. Pffft.
5	This is my second time here and it is definately a hidden neighborhood gem.  It's off the strip, so you'll need to drive or catch a cab there.  But let me tell you, it is worth it.  Jalepeno creamed corn was good, but would be more spectacular if they used fresh cut corn.  Bf had ice in the spicy mussels which had great flavors in the sauce, but unfortunately one mussel still had ice on it!  Get the flat iron at HH price $13, you will not be dissapointed.  It is juicy and delicious.  It's definately a bargain.  Bf got the pork and fig....omg, SOOO amazing.  Not HH deal, but worth every penny.  We had 3 rounds of cocktails each, all were unique and kept us smiling the entire night!  Will come back again next time I'm in Vegas.
3	Speakeasy in Vegas? HA! Yeah right. I was proven correct and would not recommend coming here for any speciality drinks. Reserve that for bartenders on the Strip.I suppose the service was nice... but I'm not sure if this place has any much else going for it. They serve absinthe. So what? Who doesn't nowadays.I might come back here for a prefunk but wouldn't mind going to Little Macau for that either haha.
4	It had been about a year and a half since I last saw her, but she came blazing back into my life on my holiday trip to Vegas. Without much debate, it was agreed that we would spend Christmas day out in the desert to celebrate our happy reunion. I felt the winter desert chill under my jacket as the sun began its daily journey below the horizon. And she, dressed in green, looked as beautiful as the last time I saw her. She had not changed one bit, still living life like it would burn out within the span of a half hour's time. Like always, she stormed back into my life and took over, burning my lips with her kiss and devastating my emotions with her words. In her presence, every fleeting thought escaped into a rabbit hole into which I felt compelled to pursue with singular obsession and undivided attention. Why was the desert so brown? Why was this road that we were on so long and windy? And what the hell did I do with my meager existence in the years 2002 and 2003? Time slowed and every possible outcome which could result from our actions became all the more manifestable.An entire day spent with her left me drained and unable - or unwilling - to move an inch when I finally went back to the hotel. After a very restful slumber, I awoke in the morning and decided that one day was enough. I could not be with her again for my last day in Vegas. She left in me a need of recovery and triggered an unexpected feeling of homesickness. During dinner that next day, I noticed a book that the bartender had at the bar titled simply "PDT". Upon inquiry, I found that it was indeed a reference to the bar in East Village. The bartender said he loved the drinks in the book and I asked if there were any place like that in Vegas. He lamented that sadly there aren't any, but there was a particular bar-restaurant which made prohibition-era and classic cocktails. What better way to quench my homesickness? Off to Herbs and Rye I went.Herbs and Rye was not located on the Strip, and it was definitely not within walking distance from the Strip, guaranteeing an establishment that wasn't inundated with tourists. It was the night after Christmas day, and the restaurant didn't have many customers. A lone waitress and the owner-bartender staffed the place. The mood was relaxing and and the lighting dim. I skipped the food menu and flipped to the drinks. Customers can easily tell that the owner was passionate about classic cocktails from what was offered on the drink menu. The drinks were divided into eras in which the drinks were popularised, including descriptions of the eras and history of each drink. Made with absinthe, of course I first had to order a Sazerac. Each sip of this clutched at my throat deliciously herbal and bitter. Next I ordered a Brown Derby, which I've never had before. Who knew honey and grapefruit could go so well together? With the bourbon, it made for a full-bodied drink with contrasting flavours. I must profess I liked the Brown Derby more. While I drank, I made conversations with the friendly owner about drinks and food.Herbs and Rye is definitely a restaurant I will be visiting again the next time I'm in Vegas, and I recommend it highly. My only regret was that the drinks, while delicious, were not made strong enough for my taste.
5	Classic cocktails done RIGHT. Old recipes with a mix of flavors not available elsewhere. The bartenders know their stuff. Its worth going for the drinks alone, but you can get a good steak as well for not a lot of $. I went during "Happy Hour" 5-8pm which saw some menu items half off. The Filet Mignon was GREAT, and at half price was a good deal as well. A good drink, steak, garlic mashed potatoes and truffle mac and cheese (amazing) brought the bill to $36. Not a bad deal at all. Highly recommend.
1	How disappointing!  I was so excited to try this place out, but the food was marginal at best.  The silverware was dirty and I had to return my wine because the glass still had lipstick on it from a previous guest. I will definitely not be back!
1	Had reservations with a big group that they lost. They set up a table for us late...food came out 45 mins later for half the table and 1.5 hours for the rest of us...I left one-hour and 45 mins later and still hadn't gotten my food...
4	Great food and cocktails great casual chic atmosphere will be back
4	Okay...knocked another one of my bookmarked places off the bucket list last Friday.  I am only rating the drinks as I did not try any food nonetheless well crafted cocktails flow here.  I had a triple play of ward eight, remember the Maine and some offshoot of a sazerac cocktail.  I enjoyed the ambiance and talking with Nectaly.  I will be back for drinks and will bring a flashlight to read the menu...heard good comments on the food.
4	I had wanted to sample the fare at Herbs & Rye for some time, based on the recommendations of Yelp Friends.  Finally, the moment came, and Diane and I passed through the darkened entrance.  We were there for the food--not the creative drinks--and looked forward to a sumptuous dinner.  First to be set before us by our friendly server Eddie A was delicious fresh-baked French bread and soft butter.  This was quickly followed by a lovely-looking Shrimp Cocktail featuring six medium-sized red-tailed and white-topped shrimps curled over the serving plate.  The cold crustaceans tasted very good after being dipped in the zesty traditional Cocktail Sauce that accompanied them.Next was a novel surprise: an Iceberg Wedge that, instead of being crafted in the shape of a wedge as expected, was about two-thirds of a head of Iceberg Lettuce that had been sliced straight through the top to resemble a high mesa somewhere in the Southwest.  Festooned on the flat leafy surface were slices of tomato, red onion, bacon, Bleu Cheese crumbles, croutons, and a rich and ample supply of Bleu Cheese Dressing.  This was an excellent, crunchy salad course. Produced after this were my 9 oz. Filet Mignon with Brandy Cream Sauce & Peppercorns, and Diane's 12 oz. Ribeye Steak.  My entree was largely medium-rare as ordered, but a few parts of it were slightly undercooked.  Diane's Ribeye, on the other hand, was overcooked--more medium-well than medium-rare as she prefers.  When asked if her steak was cooked as she had specified, she admitted that it was more done than desired, but said that it was okay and she would eat it.  "No," said our server.  "We'll prepare you another one, and take it off the bill.  We want you to come back."  My wife politely declined the gracious offer, and slowly picked at her steak and sides until not too long afterward when suddenly a steaming plate was placed before her, with a new, obviously medium-rare and glistening 12 oz. Ribeye mounted on it.  The kitchen had quietly prepared a new steak anyway.  She accepted the promising substitution, and her old steak was immediately removed.  This fresh and juicy steak she really enjoyed, accompanied by a luscious Macaroni & Cheese side with bacon added.  I sampled the Mac & Cheese, and the hot white cheesy sauce really was delectable, just as was the Brandy Cream Sauce that covered my Filet and provided a liquid base for it.We had other sides to indulge in as well.  Sauteed Button Mushrooms were hot and meaty, and I opted for the deluxe version of Sweet Potato Tots with Honey & Marshmallow Crust.  Large marshmallows were nicely melted over tater-tot-shaped knobs of sweet potato that had been sweetened further with honey.  While we were eating our meals, mob movies were playing without commercial breaks on a large flat-screen TV mounted behind the bar and facing our booth.  It was actually quite enjoyable to have that as a backdrop, and we became engaged in following the action.  The final delight of the night was the gigantic, warm, and freshly baked Chocolate Chip Cookie a la mode that was presented with long trails of Chocolate Sauce drizzled across the massive cookie and streaming down the two large scoops of Vanilla Ice Cream that rested on top and stood like silent sentinels.  It was a great dessert, and a sweet way to end our leisurely stay.P.S.  True to our server's word, when the bill arrived, besides a 50% price reduction off the cost of my Filet for dining during the extended Happy Hour, no Ribeye Steak appeared on the tab.  It was an unnecessary but generous and classy gesture.  So, I reciprocated by leaving a substantial tip.  And, I am sure that we will come back.
3	I really wanted to absolutely love this place but I just didn't love it as much as I wanted to. The decor is gorgeous and the dining room is much smaller than I expected but really nice. Our server was friendly and helpful. I had the linguine and some sweet potato tots. The tots were great and not too sweet. The pasta was a little too spicy and soupy for my taste (the chili flakes were dispersing in the broth). My friend and I shared the cookie for dessert. It was nice and hot and cake with ice cream; delicious. All in all, dinner was nice, liked everything but my entree. Nice place for a date night or private event.
2	Meh. I've experienced better -sums it up. Very small and intimate place. Low lighting reminds me of the Griffin downtown, LV. Came for a bday dinner. Our waiter was Eddie. He was friendly but couldve been more attentive. We needed more water and menus as the party arrived. Happy hour wasn't great. The 2 star items on the menu that was half off was very limited and expensive to begin w/. Tried some cocktails bizz neez(?) resembles a lemonade and the other more popular grapefruit-like cocktail. Nice and light, kinda like a crystal lite. Ordered the skirt steak well-done & truffle mac &cheese w/ bacon side. It was a little over cooked bc it was tough to cut and very dry. I know I ordered well-done, but I've had well done steak and it should not be that dry. The truffle mac and cheese is slightly under cooked. Took it home and the next day it was sitting in a pool of oil (: yumm!! I enjoyed the company &the atmosphere but there are better places in Vegas. Thanks but no thanks.
5	Their sides are absolutely delicious (minus the truffle fries)! Great happy hour deal, 50% off steaks, where can you get a better deal! Drinks were very interesting, loved the ambiance! Server was great .. especially right after I was at Capo's .. made the service here seem even better, they actually knew of my existence. Next time I must try the dessert, I was too full to try it this trip. :(
5	Great food, service and drinks... What more could you want from a restaurant.
2	I've heard of this place a few times and ended up going with a group of 8 on a Monday evening. We were the only ones in the main dining room with maybe 6 people in the bar area. The atmosphere was pretty cool, but ruined by painfully slow service, and servers who had poor fine dining etiquette. We all ordered steak and most ordered a simple side of mac & cheese or mashed potatoes and I really started getting nervous as the time passed... A half an hour later our food came out in 3 separate groups with at least 5 minutes between each one. I ordered a medium rare flat iron steak and my food came out last. As soon as the server set down my plate I immediately cut all the way through the center and.......hockey puck....well done with not a drop of juice.... I was practically insulted... After a quiet "sorry about that", and once everyone was done with their food I received a replacement steak that was delicious and cooked to medium rare, however it did not make up for the fact that I had waited forever just to have everyone in my group ready to leave watching me eat my steak. We received 2 desserts to share between 8 people, I guess this was their way of trying to make up for a horrible night.... Due to the reviews I may give this place one more try if I happen to be in the area, but only during happy hour because the prices do not justify the service and experience provided. Most likely I will not be going back and I would not recommend it to anyone else...
5	Love this place. I'm there or picking up something to go at least twice a week. The meatballs are fantastic.  My drink of choice is the Diablo.
5	Where to start... I love this place. The atmosphere, the cocktails, the food, the service, all top class. It is hard to find something on the menu I don't like. Some of my favorites are the meatballs, the truffle mac and cheese (w/ bacon)! and especially, the spicy mussels. All expertly prepared and absolutely delicious. With an excellent happy hour lasting from 5 to 8pm and midnight to closing, you can try selected dishes at half off. The cocktails are some of the best in town, hand crafted by one of their impressive mixologists. The Ward Eight is absolutely my favorite. The soft elegant lighting makes for a perfect romantic dinner. With their great prices,  coupled with the quality of food and service I am baffled at why this place is not packed every night. Herbs & Rye is a must for everyone.
2	Server named Deborah was awful. Ruined our meal with her poor service. Food was decent, drinks were pretty good. But will not return.
2	May be a nice spot for happy hour, but I found it only adequate as a dining experience.My steak was nothing special, cocktails were overpriced, bartender was grumpy, and I was disappointed they don't allow smoking in the bar.  Could be a 5-Star destination if they followed Ichabod's lead and designed a dining area that has a separate smoking section, allowing grown-ups to be grown-ups.
2	I think this would be a great restaurant/bar if it didn't have so many staff problems. 4 bartenders behind the bar couldn't take care of 15 people sitting at the bar because they were too busy trying to get laid. Food is great here but it's strip prices basically, which is a huge problem in my opinion for a place that is trying to gather a locals following. Drink menu is brilliant, but it's a shame I haven't seen this place get their act together yet. Yes the reviews are glowing in 2010, but I'm 2012 it's a different story. I've given this place about 4 chances now.
5	I can't wait to go back!  What a cool place.  I just moved from Chicago and this totally made me feel like I was back in Chicago.  The exterior looks like this funky building that does not look fancy...but inside...exposed brick walls, dark lighting, beautiful bar...it was perfect.  The cocktails are all classics from different eras.  I had a bad day and needed some bourbon stat, Herbs and Rye had my medicine.  I had three seperate cocktails, all with bourbon, all delicious.  I would say the sazerac had a bit too much absinthe in it for me, but other than that it was all delicious.  The bartenders were good, knowledgeable and friendly.We shared a wedge salad, better than most and a flatbread with prociutto and asparagus on it.  It was good, not phenomenal, but good.  I need to go back during happy hour and eat and drink more!
5	The drinks are custom made, the food is delicious had the pork and figs, I keep coming back for more.
5	We went to Herbs and Rye for a nice night out. The first thing that caught my eye was the dark and mysterious decor! Then we sat down at the bar and started talking to the bar tender. He was so friendly and helpful with any questions we had about the menu. We also talked with the owner who was very nice and friendly as well! The food was pretty darn good but my favorite part of the night were the drinks. They have a list of specialty drinks and every one we tried was phenomenal. If you go, I highly recommend the Buck's Fiz  (not sure if I spelled it right) but its awesome!
4	Excellent place to get steaks late at night! Food does take a bit to come out, but it is worth the wait once it comes out. I recommend coming here during happy hours where half the menu is at 50% off. The food is pretty pricy.
5	This has to be my favorite cocktail lounge in Las Vegas. If you want to avoid the strip, wacky loud nightclubs and repetitive electronic beats, while getting a fantastically crafted cocktail, Herbs & Rye is for you.  I started with an Old Fashioned, followed by a Sazerac, Moscow Mule, Pisco Sour and a Pimms Cup.  Marone a mia!The steaks are darn good too, after I successfully imbibed myself.  I hope this restaurant/lounge stays in business forever.
4	We had a great dinner. Food was delicious and service was a joy.Take advantage of their happy hour (until 8 pm) and you get discounts on beer and cocktails as well as some of the meals on the menu.I would recommend it to friends any time.
1	Great place for a late night drink but otherwise it completely blows!!  The service sucks and when we asked the waitress what do you have that's Italian she said well not much.....won't be coming back here again!!!!  Linguine and clams came in the shells?!!  Really?!  Bring on the Artisan!!
5	Happy Hour is 5pm - 8pm and 12am - 3am everyday with the exception of Sundays (closed).Half price on select menu items. $5 wells.
5	Amazing specialty cocktails and to die for truffle mac and cheese.The exterior looks really shady and creepy (especially at night), but the inside is a whole different story. It's a more intimate and cozy setting, with a blast from the 1920's Service was great, waiter was really knowledgeable about the beverages. The bartenders are amazing because they're held to such high standards from what I can tell. Would come back here for sure.
4	I have to say that I love Yelp!  At first glance I would have never stepped foot in to Herbs and Rye but based on the reviews we read hubby and I decided to give it a shot.  Much to our delight we found another locals spot that we will be sure to frequent.   However, take note that you do not come here for the service.  The waistaff was nice enough but didn't seem to have their at together.Now on to the fun stuff...Mussels in tomato sauce was awesome.  Enjoy the fresh hot bread and soak up every drop of the sauce.The carpaccio was great although a little less of the mayo type sauce would have made it perfect!! Dinner consisted of the family style portion of the linguine and clams.  Great flavor and good sized portion.  It would be great to automatically bring up the proper bowls And utensils to we could enjoy dinner.We were too full for dessert.Another cool feature are the cocktails.  They have quite the throwback list and crush their ice in a bag, old fashioned style.  Definitely a spot to try if you're looking for a new place to eat and drink!!!***  ADDITION TO THE REVIEW  ***We went back for another dinner.  Appetizers were the same as above but we made different dinner selections.  The notable selection was the Ribeye with Green Chimichurri sauce.  DELICIOUS.However, the one that WINS it all are the homemade donuts to order.  A total MUST!!  They are miniature donuts with powered sugar.  Absolutely finger licking good.   Not a good take home item for later though.  Once they were cold they weren't so yummy...  so enjoy hot and eat them all!
5	Herbs and Rye has become my new favorite go-to spot for cocktails.  The wait staff are phenomenal, and I love the dark speakeasy vibe (red velvet wallpaper, black booths, and swanky chandeliers).  I've rarely seen it crowded, which actually kind of worries me because I wonder how it stays in business!They have some steakhouse style food, but what I go for are the fantastic creative (old school style) drinks and service.  The "classic cocktails" are amazing, and the service is personal and helpful.  There are a few drinks that dabble with absinthe, so if you're a fan of the licoricey liquor, here's a place to try it.  My favorite drink is the Aviator - which from my memory is a combo of gin, lime, and a violet infused liquor - oh my!  They also serve classics like "Moscow Mule" and will likely make anything you request.The happy hour deal is fantastic, with some of the steaks (half price).  My friend labelled it as one of the best steaks he's ever had.  I have tried a few of the flatbread pizzas, which are a fair deal at $10 a piece.  We tried the linguine and clams, which was good but not the best I've ever had.For a cool off-strip vibe with great cocktails and an atmosphere where you can chat with your friends (i.e. not blasting boom-boom music), or sit at the bar on your own, check this place out!
4	Garlic mash and rib eye. It was delicious. I like the house rub the use. It's got a little kick and a lot of bite. Thinking about the food is making my mouth water. The mash had a very good roasted garlic flavor. Yummy!!! Need to try more me u items before I can give it a 5.
3	Didn't actually get to eat there, since neither the website nor the menu nor the recorded answering machine bother to list the hours of operation and we tried to go while they were closed. To make matters worse, Google's information incorrectly reports that they are open on Sunday. Yelp has it right, but damn, guys -- don't assume that all of your customers will check Yelp before they head over. I didn't. Shame on me, I guess.I still want to go and will be happy to give them a full review as soon as I do so, but in the meantime they get a C- for effort. Boo.
3	Ambience is nice, pretty dark inside and has an old school feel to it. I was carded immediately to make sure I was over 21.  I came here for happy hour, in which I lrearned that only certain items on the menu are half price. 2 appetizers, the steaks, well drinks $5, and select beers (blue moon or a red amber) $3. Cocktails are regular price. I sat there for a while waiting for the rest of the party to get there, in the meantime I had a beer and water. After we ordered it took forever for our bread to come out, albeit it was very good, but why couldn't the server brought it out earlier? I ordered the ribeye and so did the rest of the group, we compared steaks as we all had pretty fatty and grisly steaks and couldn't tell what we were cutting into as it was so dark. For the price they were charging, I expected a better quality meat. However, the steaks were cooked properly. Service was fantastic, there was no smoking, and no casino noise. However, I am going to try the filet mignon next $17 for happy hour).
2	The food and craft cocktails are worth a visit.  However, I don't recommend this place for parties or if you have a large group of people.  We tried to hold a birthday party at H & R last night and were told beforehand by the owner that it would be no problem.  Unfortunately there were plenty of problems including really bad service and the staff not being alerted that we were coming.  Our waitress seemed far more interested in hiding in the back than taking our drink orders.  Everyone left hungry, thirsty and frustrated.  I will go back but never to do anything but sit at the bar with no more than one or two other people.
5	Finally got a chance to go. Happy hour is totally worth it. Our steaks were done pretty well. My wife got the ribeye and I got the NY Strip, and after having a taste of hers I wish I'd ordered the ribeye. My garlic mashed potatoes were better than my wife's truffle crispy fries (which weren't very crispy, to be honest) but those were still tasty. The littleneck clams appetizer was awesome. No surprise, the cocktails were dead-on, and the donuts for dessert were freshly made and perfectly cooked.All in all, I think it was worth the wait. I would bring friends here for drinks, definitely. I'm not sure I would feel so good if I were paying non-Happy Hour prices for the steaks, but with such a long and generous happy hour that's not really a problem.
4	First time here, was enticed to because of their happy hour, I mean $20 steaks are worth a try. The ambiance was pretty cool and the energy was upbeat despite the gloominess of the lighting, definitely great for a romantic date! The sides were awesome, I was a bit disappointed with my steak though, it was a bit chewy and not enough flavor, I should've gotten the rib eye instead! Word of advice though save room for dessert! The doughnuts were the star of the show! The waiter said that the desserts change daily so I hope ur lucky enough to have this on the menu that day!
4	Went during happy hour at 5; they don't even open until 5. These are pretty good quality steaks. I wouldn't pay full price for it, but at half-price, I wouldn't mind making a return trip, though there are still too many steaks in Vegas I haven't tried. I ordered the rib-eye but would probably try the filet mignon next time. All steaks come with one side of your choice, which is pretty awesome for someone that doesn't like when you're limited to potatoes or chef's vegetables. I ordered the truffle mac 'n cheese, but I didn't notice any truffles, was probably just truffle oil. The asparagus that someone else got looked really good, though that side didn't seem as large, about 5-7 spears.I agree the place is too dark, I too couldn't tell how well cooked my steak was with the lack of lighting.The online menu (as of 8/27/12) does not do the place justice. Their in house menu is far more extensive, with a good number of half-priced happy hour items.Also, the outside of the restaurant looks like crap, but the inside is pretty nice.
5	Sooo, Herbs & Rye is one of my favorite date restaurants. It's not in the nicest part of town and the parking really sucks, but, you kind of forget all that when you walk inside. Like I said before, it's a perfect place for date night. Dimly lit and the decor is pretty cool. Every time I've gone the service has always been excellent, bartenders to servers, everyone is really gracious and polite. Ok so, the drinks, yeeeah, they're pretty expensive, but! They're made well and they offer a lot of unique choices so, you really do get what you pay for, in my humble opinion. If you have savvy sophisticated drinkers in your life, this is definitely a spot to take them to. Oh, and let's talk about their food menu.Holy hell, they have really amazing food here. I haven't been disappointed yet. Try the flat bread pizzas. They are scrumptious. So yeah, it's an intimate type of place so definitely come here with your significant other and get bonus points for picking such an awesome place to eat.
4	I love wine and beer...there aren't too many places where I WANT to order a drink.  Herbs & Rye is one of them!Fell in love with the aviation here and have lost track of the gin drinks I have sense enjoyed here.Current favorite drink here is the Brown Derby (Bourbon/Honey/Grapefruit/Yum) H&R has a nice vintage/hipster feel to it.
4	Cool enough... especially the brass/copper (?) mugs the drinks are served in.  The drinks are pricey and small, but you are paying for "the cool", not the alcohol.  I sat at the bar and didn't eat, but from my vantage point, the food looked and smelled good.  I enjoyed myself, as did "the others."  I'd recommended it, even if you only go once.
5	Alright seems i've been making it a trend to update this place once a year. Since discovering this little Gem back in 2010 i've been going here on and off. A few damn good memories of this place too: - First time i had anything from the FuKu truck they were parked outside of H&R - Going away shindig ended at H&R - Did a few birthdays at H&R - Coming back shindig started where we left off at H&RSo it's been another year...Whats new?Happy hour is still there and all steaks are still half off during happy hour. Well all beef steaks, sorry pork chops and figs guess i'll never discover how you'll taste...New draft beer selection. Wow i thought the house Amber was good the new draft selection goes hipster with their selection of micro brews and crap i've never even heard of. I've just discovered i actually do enjoy stout beers now. Funny how one thing can change your opinion of the entire category. New super large rib eye steak selection/challenges. 14oz NY Strip on the menu now (personal favorite) So umm...yeah
4	Went for happy hour. Had a great pisco sour and clams were great. Very disappointed with sausage pizza. Tasted like cardboard and had no flavor
5	I discovered this place and decided to take my boyfriend. We love it and are hooked on their happy hour. My boyfriend isn't even a drinker....only once in a blue moon, but he can't say no to an Herbs & Rye cocktail. The service is very professional and the waiters and waitresses are attentive to your needs. Great place! Reminds me of Brooklyn. It's an escape away from Las vegas.
4	Until a recent episode of Gigolos I was unfamiliar with this place, but I can be easily influenced by what I see on TV so decided to give it a try.  I like the atmosphere.  It's a little dark and has an old school Vegas vibe to it.   We ordered a couple of appetizers, steak and a pork dish.  We shared everything and it was good.   Prices were a little high to make this a regular spot but they have a happy hour that seems very generous with half off steaks included so I think I will be back to check that out.
2	Went here for dinner on my fiance's birthday. She was very excited as she'd been wanting to come here for a long time. I made reservations for 8 and we were seated promptly. And that was where the service ceased to be good. Our waitress wasn't very attentive. Drinks that were ordered took 10 to 15 minutes to appear (but when they arrived they were VERY good). After we placed our food orders half of it came out after 45 minutes, and the other half came out 15 minutes later. The food was WAY overpriced for the quality (even accounting for the happy hour pricing). I'm told that the bar experience is MUCH different from the dining experience, so I might be back to check it out. As it stands I won't be returning for the food.
5	I do not know if there is even a true word out there to really explain the love I have for this place. I was very fortunate in its unearthing. It is amazing. Everything about it is amazing to me. The cocktails are so unique and exquisite. I love their Pimms Cup, Pisco Sour, Diablo, Last Word, oh I could name some more but you should go find out for yourself. The discovery of these classic cocktails is such a marvelous occurrence for your taste-buds. The food is wonderful. The BEST and I will keep saying this until some other place tries to beat them out on it, but seriously the BEST Truffle Mac & Cheese I have ever had. It is one of my favorite dishes. I also enjoy their cobb salad and filet. I have had their flatbreads too. So good. The bartenders are super talented, especially the owner Nectaly when he gets behind the bar on occasions. Nectaly, Brian, and Michael are the three that really stand out whenever I go. They are friendly, entertaining, and know how to make their drinks. I have never been bored just sitting there. The atmosphere is dark and mysterious. It makes me feel relaxed and mysterious myself. The music is usually good. The DJ on Saturday nights can be a hit or miss for me, but they do not ruin my mojo when I am there. Writing this is making me miss it. I think I shall have to get some Mac & Cheese after all my Halloween festivities tonight. Side note: They close at 2am M-Th, 3am F & S, and completely closed on Sundays. Thank you everyone at Herbs & Rye for being awesome.
4	Great Happy Hour !! but the wait for our food was long, also it was drafty and cold. Besides that the food was good when it came out. Great garlicky caesar salad and NY was cooked perfect (medium). We also ordered the flatbread, which had a crispy crust and a good amount of cheese. Also their  sourdough bread was amazing, since it just came out of the oven.
5	I went here last night and felt I needed let Vegas know what they are missing by passing the place. I have so many times. But it was such a great experience there, I will certainly go again.  Everything I ordered left mr speechless. My choices for the night and suggestions are: truffled msc and cheese , long neck clams, garlicy sauted spinach, and the Kansas cut steak (med rare). My tummy was very happy!!!
4	I really feel this place warrants more like 3.5 stars. Dark, clubby, with a sort of hipster take on vintage Vegas...cool menu full of mixology "craft" cocktails...solid steaks and accouterments. A cool place to go for late-night food...and located in a SOLIDLY unpretentious part of town (bonus points!!!). I went during regular hours and had a filet with a side of mushrooms, and caesar salad. All were good, but a pit pricey for what they were. I'll have to go back and try the happy hour menu...I have a feeling my cheap ass will like that more!Overall, I endorse this spot.
4	Had my birthday dinner there - great ambience, so many cocktails, it was fun trying to select one - and I loved the explanations and list by time when they were created.We took advantage of the dinner happy hour - very yummy!
4	11.13.2012 Herbs and Rye (Las Vegas, NV)Herbs and Rye is located on the corner or South Valley View and Sahara. Every time drove past this restaurant the parking lot was always full (around dinner time). That is always a good thing! When we walked up to the building a little after 6pm, the black exterior and windowless building had a speakeasy feel to it. Opening the doors, it definitely reminded me of an older, classy, speakeasy type of restaurant. There are two dinning areas. We were lead into the area which also holds the bar. The bar is 3/4 the length of the building. Opposite the bar are booths. Chandeliers hang from the ceiling, dimly lighting the restaurant. While you wait for your dinner to be served they provide you with fresh baked bread and butter. We were lucky enough on out first visit to make happy hour. Which not only meant discounts on liquor it also meant 50% off our steaks. They identify which items can be discounted because of happy hour with a star next to the item. We ordered steaks and they each came with one side dish. In addition we ordered an additional side dish... we needed to try it all! The side dishes are served family style. Our meal was excellent as well as the service. Throughout our meal I noticed that the bar was continuously becoming busier. We left a little before 8pm and the place was still quit busy. I feel like I was the last to know about this lovely whole in the wall restaurant. They are always the best! There is not doubt that we will be going back. Impressed!
5	This is without a doubt THE best cocktail bar in Las Vegas. Hands down. There is not one cocktail they serve that is not delicious. And they can make you anything that does not appear on their menu. And none of their cocktails cost more than $15 dollars.Their cocktail menu is divided by cocktail eras, i.e. pre-prohibition, the golden age, etc. I own Tany Abou-Ganim's The Modern Mixologist so I know my stuff. So anything you order from their menu will be divine. And if by chance nothing on the meu speaks to you, you can tell the bartender what type of liquor you drink and give him an idea of what you are looking for in a drinks, say mangoes or something sour, and they will make it for you. They are so talented that the other day I went to the bar with a teetotaler and the bartender made her a drink with raspberries and stuff sans alcohol!The service is also top-notch. We recently went on a friday with a large party and did not have reservations (I know, how dumb of us). The hostess informed us that the wait for a table was 45 minutes. 2 hours after we were barely being seated. At that point their happy hour had ended. We asked the waiter if he could offer it to us nonetheless and he checked and they did! Mind you, it was not their fault we hadn't made a reservation and thus missed their happy hour specials. So I think it was pretty cool of them to offer it to us. By this time we were super hungry and we all ordered steaks. They were delicious! I had mine with a martini, wonderful! Check this place out if you want affordable, hand-crafted cocktails.
5	My new favorite spot! Skeptical at first from the looks of the outside and location. But was amazed with the ambiance, service and menu! Happy hour is amazing! Delicious food for half the price. Truffle Mac is a must have!
4	Cozy, warm, delicious, friendly and inviting are all adjectives that can describe Herbs & Rye.  From the warm greeting at the door, to the great appetizers and flat-bread and the old time cocktails, this place is a wonderful place to spend a few hours. We are not the typical guests here, since we are mid to late 50's and aren't employed in the industry here in town, but we still felt welcomed and enjoyed the cozy, comfy atmosphere that is Herbs & Rye.  There is no doubt it's more of a hipster joint, than a vintage Vegas place, but other than a DJ playing the current hits, you'd have thought you'd have entered a time warp with the old school cocktails. It's cool to see a fully stocked bar with a copper black splash and an Absinthe fountain.  The drinks were from another era.  Old recipes going back to the early late 1800's to the early 20th Century.  We had the meatballs and though they were commercially prepared they were quite tasty as was the flat-bread pizza that we shared.Overall a real hit and a nice way to share some good food, pleasant atmosphere and some old time specialties.
4	The girlfriend and I went for dinner and drinks at Herbs & Rye on our last night in Vegas upon the recommendation of many of the local bartenders we had encountered during our stay.  It's been our experience that the word of a local bartender especially in Vegas is one to be trusted and this was no exception.  Herbs & Rye is off the Strip and definitely not a stop for most tourists.  It occupies a fairly non-descript block building on W. Sahara, well marked with signage announcing its presence.  Stepping inside is like stepping into a time machine to an Italian steakhouse 30-40 years ago.  I liked it for its laid-back charm and unpretentiousness.  Still, we weren't there to appreciate the architectural and interior design.  We came to eat and drink...not necessarily in that order.We started off with some cocktails and apps.  Herbs & Rye's cocktail list reads like the comprehensive history of American cocktails.  Even if you're not having drinks, the cocktail list is worth a read if only for educational purposes.   I had the classic Lion's Tail ($9) made with bourbon, lime juice, pimento dram, simple syrup, and Angostura bitters.  It was a well-made, tasty drink notable for the allspice notes from the pimento dram.  We shared an order of the fried calamari ($15).  It was nicely fried leaving the calamari tender (as fried calamari can be).  It was a bit overpriced by $3-4 considering the portion size received.For my dinner, I had the New York Strip with a side of Truffle Mac & Cheese ($34).  It wasn't a dry-aged prime cut of beef nor was it wagyu, but my steak was cooked to my requested medium rare, juicy and tender enough.  The Truffle Mac & Cheese was cheesy and imbued with plenty of truffle flavor.  In fact, it was to the point of straddling the line of too much truffle essence, as it was the dominant flavor practically overwhelming the cheese.  Service was plus.  Josh, our server, was personable and attentive throughout our meal.From its generic exterior to its dated circa 1960s/70s interior, Herbs & Rye's anti-Strip look and feel belies its true nature.  Herbs & Rye is a first-rate cocktail joint with its outstanding craft cocktails that are well executed and reasonably priced.  The food is satisfying, if a bit unremarkable, and doesn't shine nearly as bright as the cocktails.  That said, I still left fat, dumb, and happy!  I'll gladly return for drinks the next time I'm in town!  3 stars for the food...4 stars for the drinks.  3.5 stars overall.
1	This place came highly recommended to me from a few people, so before moving out of Vegas I had to give it a shot. What a waste. That money and time should've been spent somewhere better like The Griffin.All I had were a few drinks, so I can't vouch for any of the food items. But for starters it was way too hipster for me. And the drinks were nothing to write home about, especially in this city. Half of what you're paying for is the wanna-be prohibition style atmosphere. Personally that does nothing for me, I just want a good drink at the end of the day. The Moscow Mule was recommended so that's what I had for starters. I have years of bartending experience under my belt, and even more bar drinking experience. What a shitty drink! It was all sugar, no booze. If that's one of your specalities, I'd hate to taste one of the more mediocre drinks on the menu. I can't remember the second drink because it was that unmemorable. There are SO many other better bars in town, skip this one.
4	um, best happy hour ever! half off of selected steaks, etc. amazing selection. And don't get me started on their classic cocktail menu, which by the way is chronologically organized according to eras of cocktails. The atmosphere is awesome too, beautiful, dark and sultry!
1	Not impressed at all. Way over priced even during Happy Hour. Service was basic when empty and non existent when busy (had to beg for the check then it was an imposition to split it). And come on now if you need a flashlight yo read the menu its too dark!!
4	We enjoyed perfectly cooked beef tenderloin and wonderful cocktails during happy hour. The drinks were wonderful and side dishes nice.
1	OVERCHARGED AND IGNORED!My girlfriend and I went here for a late dinner about 2 weeks ago.  Nondescript exterior, pretty cool red lounge-y interior.  But, friends, the buck basically stops there.  Immediately we were greeted by a rank bathroom sewage smell that creeped out of ladies restroom.  That odor persisted throughout our entire meal.For drinks, we ordered the house brew: really boring beverage; at least it was well priced.  We were starving and ended making a pretty eclectic food order: calamari, mediterranean flatbread, chop salad, pork and figs.  Everything was okay; super rich, a wee salty, but pretty good.Here's the point of my story: our bill came to $82, we left $16 for the tip and went on our way, glad to be smelling fresh air.  When the bill finally posted, we had been charged $36 for the tip!  I called 5 times, friendly each time, trying to get this rectified.  Each time I was promised a call back.  Not once did anyone call.  I even spoke to the GM/Owner, Nick, who told me he'd take care of it right away and to call back if I didn't see a credit in 24 hours.  The last time I called I was put on hold for a full 4 minutes and hung up.  I called right back; the line was inexplicably busy for the next 20 minutes.  I had to resolve the overcharge directly through the claims department at my bank.Had they shown any real intention to fix their error and followed through with even a single call I expect we'd go back: ordering better beer and lighter fare, yes, and turning around at the door if it still stank.  Okay.  BUT! to be disregarded entirely despite making my best and patient effort repeatedly leaves me with a foul taste, odor AND impression.  Not Going Back.
4	Pretty hip joint I must say.  I thought that this place was just a bar that served bar food.  I was delightfully surprised.  We took full advantage of their late night Happy Hour.  Drinks and food (that of which is listed with a star)!  Carpaccio, yum, shrimp cocktail, yum, calamari, yum.  Haha, get the pattern?  Drinks, wow, very colorful and detailed cocktails that I'm coming back to try more.  Oh, the mac and cheese bacon was not what I was expecting.  It was good, but not as good as everyone made it to be.  Its seriously mac and cheese with cut up pieces of bacon and then they slap on a bacon slice as a topping.  I've changed my mac and cheese expectations for all the various mac and cheese I've tried around town :PGreat place to get away from the Las Vegas strip life.  They have a video DJ that plays some 80-90's goodies that had me bobbin' my head.  BTW, DJ in a restaurant means seriously loud music.  So not a place to have intimate conversations, you'll be yelling the whole time! Love it, We shall be back
4	This place has an amazing happy hour after midnight! Their steaks are half off and very good. The atmosphere is fun and great to when your on a date of with a big group of people. I didn't expect this place to be as good as it is. I was definitely impressed by the food, service and atmosphere.
5	Cool unpretentious bar with an extensive menu of classic drinks. The people serving are very helpful and will take the time to explain some of the more detailed or unfamiliar drinks without making you feel stupid. This bar is a class act!
5	I've been going here for the past few years and yes, it's been consistently lovely. I've taken even a few visitors here for late night eats as it surely beats having graveyard specials at a janky diner. We get to sit in a cozy, dark booth and listen to a really thoughful soundtrack if you like stuff like downtempo.The main draw is every night from 5pm-8pm and 12am-close is HAPPY HOUR. No, it doesn't include the cocktails, but I believe well drinks and some beers are. The gem of it is the food. There is a limited half off food selection of various types of steaks, a few apps (currently spicy mussels and garlic butter clams), and a entree of linguine and clams. Get the steak! Its good quality for the price. I normally go with the 18oz ribeye (ends up like $20 at HH) or the Kansas City Bone In 12oz ( I believe $15 during HH) and it's been tender, cooked to the right temperature, and seasoned well that I don't put any steak sauce. It comes with one side and their sides are great here. I really like their truffle mac n cheese, sweet potato tots, or super garlicky spinach. No it isn't your dirt cheap steak special, but you get what you pay for and it's a great value considering the quality. We've brought even the BFs grandma and mom recently and both approved of the steak and would like us to bring them back.  We also get the spicy mussels often during HH. It's a rather large pot they give you for the $11 HH price and the marinara is garlicky, a bit spicy, and needs to be sopped up. Ask for more bread - theirs is delicious, hot out the oven. They serve some of my favorite consistent drinks. Drinks here don't rotate so much, but are all classic cocktails using a lot of small batch spirits so it speaks to my heart.  The BFs and my drink of choice is the Vieux Carr'e (Rye, Cognac, Benedictine, Sweet Vermouth, Peychauds Bitters, Angostura Bitters) since its just alcohol on top of more alcohol. I just find I like less sweet stuff over the years and just want something unfussy and you can taste the nuances of the alcohol. If I want something tart and refreshing for a change, I go for Blackthorn or Moscow Mules. I find both great for summer. I've also ordered mystery drinks here and have been pleased, whatever I was given. I think at this point they can peg my tastes pretty well. I shockingly haven't drank the entire menu yet (but close) and will report back once I do with a running list of what each drink is like.I think this place will always have a special little spot in my heart. It was actually the place I met all my Yelp friends, for the first time so it holds special memories. And throughout the years the steaks and the drinks have never disappointed.
5	I have always heard about Herbs and Rye. From co workers and locals alike, so I ventured out for a first..We arrived about midnight. As we entered it was dim and very relaxing. We were greeted by Joshua, a very welcoming young man, eager to give us a great experience. We started out with the Beef Carpaccio (w/ aoli, balsamic, caper berries, and wild rocket arugula). It had to be one of the best carpaccios I've had in a while. The dish presented tasted very fresh, and had a great presentation. The carpaccio was smooth and delicate. Not too "beefy". the other key factors was the aoli and balsamic, making this dish enjoyable as well as flavorful. The capers helped balance out the arugula. All in all it got our appetite ready for the main course, and most certainly our taste buds were amused.  My date and I had a "Martinez" cocktail to start. It complimented it well as it made us feel like we were in the 'Good Ol' Days' of Vegas once again. Our server recommended this for us, and we were glad he did so.For our entree my date had the Kansas City steak (bone in) cooked medium. I had the ribeye (medium rare). For sides we both had garlic whipped mashed potatoes, the 'infamous' truffle mac n' cheese, and the garlicky spinach. When our entrees were delivered, once again presentation was extraordinary. Our steaks were cooked to perfection and the sides were mouthwatering. The garlic whipped mashed potatoes weren't as "plain" as you ordinary mashed potato dish. They had a subtle character to them. The truffle mac n' cheese was everything we had heard about and then some. Made the entire meal even more enjoyable. Then there was our garlicky spinach. it was nothing like we expected. The spinach was vibrant, full of life. Not mushy and 'can like'.  Would definitely recommend for tourists and locals. Will be here again soon.
5	We went here for a work related function. There was 20+ people in our party. The service was fast and efficient, the food was fantastic and the drinks were the best part.  New york strip and truffle mac and cheese!! To top off the whole deal, we made it in before happy hour and all steaks and appetizers were half price! Next time I'm in vegas i will be visiting Herb's and Rye!
3	I've been here several times, and my experience has been mixed.  The atmosphere is great, the service dependable, and the drinks are really good.  However, the food is very hit or miss.  I've had times where the steak is delicious and other times where its made me throw up, same thing with the mac and cheese.  Their drink menu is a big plus, but while they are priced around standard 8-9 dollars per cocktail, they are on the smaller side.  Wish I could like this, but probably won't be back here for awhile considering I threw up my last few meals at H&R.
5	Currently in my top 5 places to drink in the world!  First rate cocktail menu, second to none.  Excellent bar staff that knows what they're doing.  As I recall...and its not always easy to remember the details after nights like this...I enjoyed 3 classic drinks from their menu:  all gin based, all historical.  I talked with the bartender about what I liked about each and what else I'm drawn to in cocktails, and then asked him to take that info and create me something new.  It was the perfect drink...and unfortunately I have no recollection of what it was!  Job well done!  We also enjoyed some nibbles...a very nice flatbread...but thats all I remember.  Also, one bartender was hot enough to warrant sneaking a photo...so there's that.
2	The good:  Great happy hour items to choose from like the half off steaks.  The spicy Thai wings and clams were delicious! The atmosphere is very old school Vegas, dark and intimate. The bad:  Automatic 20% gratuity.  Not a fan of the auto gratuity.  I feel like it makes the wait staff a little lazy since they don't have to worry about good service equaling  a good tip.  We weren't even having dinner items and half our party of six left halfway through the evening.  The ugly.  Our waitress, Debra, doesn't believe in giving back your entire amount of change on the bill,  To me this is sort of stealing.  Not that it was a huge amount but you already got your 20% and I imagine if she did this to us it's probably her common practice and that adds up after a while and that's not cool.
5	Great classic cocktails done by great BARTENDERS not mixologists.  The food is phenomenal as well.  My lady cannot get enough of the carpaccio that is covered in arugula.  The flat breads are very good as well and the butcher portion of the menu...whoa.  Definitely a local gem and worth checking out. We go several times a month.
2	It pains me to give the delicious food here such a low rating, but there are two reasons for it.1. The prices. Without the Happy Hour, the prices here are ridiculous. You can go to Ruth's Chris Steakhouse for these prices and get a far superior cut of meat for the same prices, if not less.2. The service. Oye. We were a party of 7. Normally, I'm very forgiving of mistakes in a big party. Things are just bound to go wrong when you have that many people to serve. That wasn't the problem here. The problem was that we were in the restaurant for almost 2 hours and saw our waiter 4 times. Maybe 5. He came and took our orders, then he disappeared. 35 minutes later, we haven't received any of our food, and we haven't seen our waiter in 35 minutes. Several of us wanted to order another round of drinks and were stuck trying to waive someone down. No one ever came. Finally, he came with our food and we quickly ordered drinks while we had him. He disappeared again until he came around with our check.The worst part is, the restaurant wasn't even crowded when we were there. I counted 7 or 8 other tables that were seated, that was about it. When you've got a big party and you know you're getting a mandatory tip, that shouldn't be grounds to just ignore the group and collect your cash at the end of the night. If there had been a manager going around asking how patrons were doing, we might have been able to point out our problem to him. But there wasn't. Guess bad service starts at the top and works its way down.To be fair, the food itself was delicious, which is why I'm still not giving it 1 star. Everyone was happy with how everything came out and all the meat was cooked perfectly. The flavors here are fabulous.  It's a great spot for some yummy food, but I'd suggest never going in large parties or during regularly priced hours.
4	This place is fantastic. The food is always amazing, the steak is so delicious. we first ordered the caprese salad, which was amazing but the size was too small for us, so we also ordered the spicy steamed mussels. The mussles were amazing!! it was a huge pot, I would even recommened ordering it as your entree if you wanted seafood. I ordered steak of course! The flavor of the meat is so wonderful, they only put a few salt, pepper, and baselmic butter on it when cooking. My personal favorite is the new york strip. It was a perfectly cooked medium steak. the side I picked was the mac and cheese with truffle oil. THIS WAS AMAZING! I would love to have a recipe for this!  The only reason i dont give them 5 stars is all based on the cocktails. I know they are supposed to be known for their cocktails but i personally wasnt a fan. I tried three different kinds and they all seemed to be way to sour for my taste. my face actually hurt from the puckering of my cheeks. I switched to beers lol. I will be back for more though!
4	A rally great happy hour with most of the steaks being 50% off.  I enjoyed a solid flat iron for $14.99, not the best steak I've ever had, but definitely memorable enough to give a repeat visit.I also ordered the donuts (based on so many comments) and they were so soft, warm and delicious and having the white chocolate and caramel dipping sauce was the perfect finish to the meal!
3	Read some of the reviews prior to making my decision on this place, so my expectations were pretty high based of the reviews. For a Saturday night, past midnight, crowd was not bad. Place was clean and music was awesome! They played a lot of old school jams w/videos, which I thought was pretty neat. The bartenders were quick and kept traffic moving along. However, the food-a bit too pricey. For those prices might as well go to a nice steakhouse. The waitresses spent most of their time chit chatting with the D.j. and shooting the breeze with the bartenders instead of attending to all the tables waiting to be served. Fun place for drinks, probably not the best place to go to if you're hungry. Long wait, expensive and not worth the price.
3	Decided to come here late night for a late Valentina's dinner with the boyfriend. Good size restaurant and bar with a sexy and dark vibe. I absolutely love dark little spots like this. So thumbs up for that part! I decided to order the filet mignon (half off cuz of the 12-3am happy hour) and truffle Mac and cheese. The filet mignon was nice and juicy and I absolutely love that it was half off! The truffle mac and cheese was yummy as well. im a huge mac n cheese fan and this did not disappoint me! 'The only complaint I have is the service, took about 10 min to finally get someone at our table. She was just really boring and made me feel like I had to rush to eat lol.  Didn't really check on us to see how we were doing either.  This is probably why I had to give this place 3 stars! Sorry guys. But food was great!
3	For me the atmosphere was better than the meal.  From the outside, it looks like your standard neighborhood bar, but on the inside, you'll think you stepped into a trendy new hotspot at the Wynn or the Bellagio.  Dim lighting, attractive servers, and groovy music all come together nicely.  I especially like the old movies playing on the flat-screens above the bar.About the food:  Appetizer was great.  Entree was not so great.  I ordered these marinated meatballs as a starter that had wonderful flavor.  I should have made a meal out of them, but opted for the filet mignon with a mac & cheese side.  Be careful how you order it because medium well somehow got translated into well-done.  So my steak arrived as a flavorless, dried-out piece of beef jerky.  And the mac & cheese was a little too bland for my taste.  To be fair though, my buddy ordered the same steak medium RARE and his looked (and tasted) much better.  I also preferred his mushroom side to my mac & cheese.  Those were the best marinated shrooms I've ever eaten.  So altogether, I'd say the food can be hit or miss.About the price.  I thought for a "$$" designation, I would be under $30 (Yardhouse pricing), but after an appetizer, entree with a side, and a decent tip (20%), I was into this meal for $75.  I wasn't on a date; I was just grabbing a late-night dinner with a friend. So this was a bit more than I wanted to pay.Would I go here again? Sure, but maybe during happy hour when the menu is a little cheaper.
5	My date and I arrived a little past 9:00 on a Monday night and sat at the bar. There were just a few other diners in the place, so that and the dim lighting provided an intimate atmosphere.Our bartender was friendly and attentive. We order a couple of vintage cocktails from the really excellent menu. The menu divides its cocktails into historical drinking periods and reveals its recipe sources.The food was excellent. We began with the Beef Carpaccio with arugula and Gorgonzola (at least I think that's what the cheese was. Might be off here) which was delicious. Then came the Pork with Fig -- a bone-in, thick pork cutlet served on garlic mash surrounded by a fig sauce and topped again with Gorgonzola (again, my memory may be off regarding the cheese).We finished the meal with a side of bacon truffle mac and cheese and sweet potato tots topped with toasted marshmallow.  Both of these dishes were amazing, as were the additional cocktails we ordered.If you're looking for a night out to slow down and really savor some great atmosphere, food and drinks, then Herbs & Rye may be the place for you. We spent $100 on 5 drinks total and 4 plates of food that we shared. For so many interesting and unusual tastes, I thought this was a great value.
5	We went here for after dinner cocktails. If you are ever in Vegas and want to get away from the strip I would have to say go here. Something low key. It's a prohibition gangster style bar and steakhouse. The cocktails are $10 each which is not bad for Vegas prices.  They also have a beer that they make. I believe it's an IPA. That was hoppily delightful. Although I did not eat there the food looked and smelled great. Although that was closer to Vegas prices but I think still a little cheaper. You won't find cran and vodka here. Not even a manhattan. Think rye, absinthe, and bourbon based drinks. The bartenders are very friendly and can recommend something if you are unsure about the ingredients (a few drinks have egg white for "froth and a creamy texture")I have been to Vegas several times and I will definitely be coming back here on my next trip. Also happy hour (or hours) are 5p-8p and midnight-3a.
1	Don't ever come here!! The food is amazing, but it's not worth the terrible service. I have come here with friends about 8 times, hoping each time the service will be better, but no luck. I once waited an hour and 23 minutes for my food. It has become a game for us, how long will it take for a draft beer to come to our table? 32 minutes!! I ordered a steak one night, and was still working on it when the waitress picked it up to take it away. I told her I was not done, and she held the plate for me to eat it out of her hand! I finished my steak with her holding it for me, and she stormed off as if I was an inconvenience for her. Another time we told them we had a group of about 12 people coming, and I was told we are not allowed to have more than 6 people. I looked in the dining room and there was noone in there. I asked if we could push some tables together for our large group and they said no. It's such a shame because their food is amazing and their signature cocktails are delicious. Unfortunately, I will not be going back again.
3	How do you go to a place and receive a steak that is worth 5 stars, and your date get a steak worth 1? Well unfortunately that was my first experience of Herbs & Rye. I truly had high expectations after all the reviews and recommendations by fellow elites.  I am giving 3 stars for my first and only trip, in hopes that I will return for a 4 or 5. So let's begin shall we? I get off work at 11pm, and recently have been finding a lot of late night foodie happy hours. When I heard about half price steak including BONE IN, new York, and Ribeyes selection I was sold!They also offer $5 wells, and $2-3 beers during happy hour which is 5pm-8pm and 12am-3am. However they have a large selection of old school speakeasy style drinks so $10 a drink it was! I had a Jack Rose. Which was apple liquor, in house grenadine, and lime. Strong, good, worth the $$. We both ordered the 18oz ribeye. One, medium well with a blue cheese crust. (perfection)Second, medium add mushrooms and onions. (horrible, fatty, and cooked rare & bloody)All of our sides were awesome. Truffle mac, broccoli with cheese sauce, and jalapeno creamed corn. I felt bad sitting there devouring my delicious steak while my boyfriend watched. We did send his back and it was taken off the check. Oh I almost forgot, our appetizer of chicken wings, were some of the best wings I have had in life ever. They forgot our ranch, and we didn't even care. The sauce was insanely good. Honestly after the bad steak- the sides, wings, and drinks are what will get us to return. The service was pretty good, but she seemed a bit timid after returning our steak. In my opinion she should have been the opposite. I will keep you posted if I return.
5	Returned here for happy hour a couple weeks after my initial visit. Two of us had the New York Strip and the other in our group had the Kansas City. These were great steaks. I had the spice rub on mine, while a blue cheese mix was applied to the other two. Delicious. And the happy hour prices meant half off the steaks. Combined with a side item that came with each steak, this meal was outstanding, tasty and incredible value.
4	I heard good things about Herbs and Rye...must try dishes and what not.  We were already full after a great dinner in Chinatown so, we only went here for a few drinks during happy hour.  I was already pretty "happy" by the time I got here so, I just got myself a Chimay Red and a Moscow Mule per Elnino F's recommendation.  The Moscow Mule did not disappoint.  It tasted a bit like the Brazilian lemonade I drink at Fogo de Chao but with alcohol.There's a bar and some booths with plush seats.  It had a great vibe to it and what I loved most about this place is that they were playing Kaskade, Moony, Samantha James, etc.  It's important to note that the men's and women's bathrooms are opposite and completely separate from each other (women's close to the entrance, men's towards the back of the bar).  I know after a few drinks, things can get pretty confusing.The service was great.  Our server checked on us from time to time.
5	I most dig this Ol' Skool SpeakEasy type joint with a brief history lesson on prohibition era crafted cocktails.  Unfortunately, I didnt experience the wheel of a deal during happy hour, but I didn't regret even one sip paying full price!  Open up the menu and you will find a brief description on the origin or a fun fact of each cocktail.  From the Sazarac to the Moscow Mule chilled and served in its original copper mug, each one is worth giving a try.  The Bartenders take their trade seriously here which makes for a very artful show on its own!
4	Finally made it to H&E!Since we just had an amazing dinner, I came here completely full...so no half price steaks for me!We ordered a handful of beers and some cocktails.....they weren't cheap, but not obnoxiously overpriced either.  Just being this kind of hole in the wall place, I would have thought the drinks be a little cheaper...at least during happy hour anyways.  I don't know if I would have ever stopped in here if it wasn't for Yelp.The environment is clean and comfortable though, and the service was good.  It would be a good place to come for drinks, and maybe for the steaks I keep hearing about :)
4	Despite an earlier review from a fellow Yelper, Debra was an actually very good server, if not one of the best I've ever had. (Gotta take Yelp with a grain of salt) We came in at 11pm sat in the bar booths and missed the happy hour. Pro: food is generous in portion, even the flatbreads ($14)- 8 huge slices! I'm used to Blue Martinis flat bread which is a rip-off. The mac and cheese  ($7.5) was delicious and cheesy and flavored really well. Caesar salad was beautiful in presentation, but it took work chopping it up. The 3 Filet Mignon sliders were delicious, flavorful and just well put together. As opposed to the dried out sliders at Sugar Factory. I've sworn off the rip-off that are sliders just because of Sugar Factory.Cons: The Diablo ($10) took forever to arrive- 10 minutes I'd say. It was only 4 people in the bar and we accounted for 2 of them. Not sure if the bartender forgot or maybe he was juicing the Agave? The server forgot to ask how we wanted our sliders prepared, which arrived medium rare. A real filet mignon is fine med-rare, but a ground up burger med-rare is close to raw. More specificity on the menu i.e. how many of each item- $11 for a meatball appetizer is unheard of outside of LAVO.  It's 3 meatballs btw.Overall, Herbs & Rye re-imagines what real food is in Vegas. Not only was I surprised at the complex flavors of the food, but the mood and ambiance of such a quaint unassuming building really makes me want to go back.
4	Ok half off steaks is a pretty killer deal, especially for a fantastic steak, let's be honest! Also had the little neck clams which were amazing and the spinach parpadelle pasta which was prepared great and tasted delicious!cocktails were on point, unique and tasty. The trance music was a little off putting with the classic speakeasy vibe, i felt like it clashed. Being in the service industry I'm a big fan of friendly and knowledgeable servers, I think our girl was named dawn or Donna and she was super sweet.It did, however, take awhile for me to get a second cocktail and for us to get the check. When we first got there the hostess said we could sit at the bar and we would have a table shortly, but they forgot about us and my boyfriend had to go remind them. Those are the only things keeping it from being perfect though, definitely coming back and definitely into the atmosphere and good food!
2	We went to H & R for our anniversary...big mistake. This is a place that really doesn't know who it is or wants to be. The bar has potential as well as the food but when you mix expensive drinks with overpriced food and a wait staff that tries to get by on there looks with little or no concern for their guests you have chaos.We were lucky enough to go during Happy Hour. If not, our 2 entrees and 3 drinks each would have been $165 instead of $140!The steaks are priced like the Wynn as opposed to a dive on West Sahara!The drinks are $10 each or more...my wife's glass of reisling was $12 for 3 oz!The kicker...the server never thought to ask if they could buy us a shared dessert for our special day. I never thought about it til my wife mentioned it on the way home.Would I go back..sure if I can get someone to give me a loan for dinner!
4	After volunteering at the Wine Walk at Town Square for 4 hours, it was already close to 10:30pm and BFF Mel C. and I still needed to eat some food, even though it was way past my bedtime.  We picked Herbs & Rye on the fly and it was a nice choice, especially since they stay open late.I had:tomato bisque with grilled cheese side of truffle mac n cheesesome of the calamari that Mel orderedFirst of all, it's dark in there.  I had a hard time reading my menu.  They play really good music.  The service is great and our food came out fast.  Maybe because I couldn't see that well in the dark or because I was sleepy, I didn't realize my soup came with a grilled cheese sandwich.  I probably wouldn't have ordered the mac n cheese side, but then again, I love mac n cheese and theirs was flavorful. I enjoyed everything I had except the calamari.  There was too much going on there with some assorted toppings and I'm not even sure what they were:  green peppers, green onions, some kind of mayo dressing?  I had to dig towards the bottom of the bowl to get to some of the calamari that was untouched by all that stuff.  Overall, it was a great meal and I enjoyed the ambiance of the place.  We'll have to go back to try one of the alcoholic concoctions on the menu that looked great and when I'm more awake.
4	Herbs & Rye was one of those late dinners with Terri R that was on a whim.  Herbs & Rye looks like a pub on the outside, even has that feel when you walk in. All I know is that it was a very long day, I was starving, and anything that was food would have hit the spot.  In other words, I didn't expect much coming in. Maybe a good thing that I didn't expect much because I was actually surprised by the menu.  I expected nothing but fried dishes or meals with zero sustenance. What I found was a menu ranging from apps to steaks.  Prices are not pub prices though.  Price here is what you are to expect at a steakhouse.  A ton of really tempting items on this menu like Filet Mignon and Lobster, Burgers, and other steak options.  With all the recent talk about White Castle here in Vegas for the last couple of days (compliments of the Foodie Fest), I decided on their sliders.  The presentation of these sliders is probably the best I've seen in awhile.  It at least kicks White Castle's butt.  I thought that the sliders were pretty good, but just a little rich.  We also got their fully loaded calamari.  To me, I thought it was one big workout killing mess.  It had a ton of what appears to be mayo, bacon, and some other add ons.  Both Terri and I, scraped off this mess and ate some calamari the way it should be eaten.  As for the ambiance, you can say that you get two types.  When you walk in, you have the bar to the right where all the action is.  It's louder, brighter, and this is where everyone else is eating.  Then you got the quiet side where it's dimmer, quiet, and barely where anyone is dining.  Normally, I'm good with either side. But on this night, the dining was a little too tight on the bar side. So, we ate where it was quieter and darker.  Since it was also late, keeping ourselves from falling asleep was a challenge in itself.  My other concern is that we would be forgotten and our orders never taken.  This wasn't an issue at Herbs & Rye.  Regardless which side you choose to eat, service seems to be right on. Overall, Herbs & Rye is a decent place to meet with friends, grab a drink, and some dinner.  I'm not a huge fan of pubs in general, but I still have my favorites.  Herbs and Rye can easily be one of them.  PS:  I don't drink, but there's a some great Happy Hour specials here.  For all you HH dudes and gals, give this place a try. Sliders:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=hsoYlp9buT_qd3CKSPNLcg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQCalamari (Fully Loaded):  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=oTvwbAcO-gfxqfjK8Vot7g&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQBread:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=wZ9FjsP6w30y6bUVLvBrtA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQYou Know It!:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ll-CTLfvRCBFiNe7aWxfrA&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ
5	Doughnuts, ribeye, drinks and happy hour. Amazing, happy hour from open to 8pm and 12am to close. half off steaks!
5	Great ambiance! The Pork and figs to die for... Very good staff... Great cocktails. had an awesome birthday dinner with delicious donuts
5	I'm a really big fan of Herbs & Rye. I've only gone a couple times so far, but the perfect storm of quality food, excellent customer service and happy hour half priced steaks has won me over immensely. Each time I have come here I have been treated awesomely right from stepping in the door and being greeted by the friendly hostess. And the waitresses Donna and Debbie are fantastic as well. They are friendly and they go above and beyond to take care of you. I have opted for the 18 oz. Rib-Eye both times and have been very pleased with it. Rib-Eye is my go to steak in most any circumstance. I did try a bite of the New York Strip and that was pretty fantastic too. The sides are incredible. My favorite is the truffle mac and cheese, but I have also been a fan of the garlic mashed potatoes and the truffle parmesan french fries. The steaks come with one side order and during happy hour, they are an absolute deal. They also have $5 well drinks and I think a $3 amber ale, if I remember correct. If you want Jack, they charge you $8. That's my one knock against this place, but I'll live. The bread also isn't bad and definitely hits the spot while you wait. Nothing really to write home about, but better than nothing while you wait. The ambiance of the place is pretty classy. It's dim and the walls are lined with a nice velvet looking wall paper that looks pretty elegant. It's the kind of place you would probably want to dress up a little for. Overall, Herbs is most likely going to be a regular spot of mine when I need my steak fix. If you haven't checked it out, do yourself a favor and head over there. Best time would be during one of their happy hours. The first one is from 5 to 8 and I think the second one starts at 11. Oh and they're currently in the process of changing out their beer and wine menu along with adding a few food items including a Porterhouse. More reasons to check back.
2	Why does the filet mignon taste like carne asada? So upset that my meal wasn't as delicious as usual, actually so upset I probably won't be coming back for a long while. My boyfriend and I would always come to Herbs n Rye for our steak and potato fix. Usually, it would always hit the spot, but not this time. It seems like its under new management (not a good thing). I have a few things to complain about, I suppose, and I hardly ever complain about my experiences with food. This is actually my first yelp review. I'm pretty damn sure they raised their prices on a few food items. The filet mignon happened to be one of them. That's my usual with a few sides. The sides were up to par with my past experiences, but the filet mignon is the reason for this review. It used to be $34 for it (not happy hour) and now it's $10 more! The worst part about this is the fact that my filet tasted nothing like a filet mignon! If anything, it tasted like carne asada. The meat wasn't cooked medium well (what I ordered), it was completely well-done. I don't know what the hell is up with this "butterfly cook method" but no. Never again. The meat was not tender at all, usually it "melts" in my mouth, and it wasn't thick or rounded like how a filet mignon is supposed to look. Maybe it wasn't even a filet mignon, even though the bill said it was. Also, not impressed with the service or that techno/electronic music shit like every other restaurant in Vegas. I'm going to miss that classy vibe from Herbs n Rye:(
3	Tasty cocktails, unique and historical recipes.  Not so great appetizer menu.  Prices seemed a little high and the only food on the "happy hour" menu seemed to be steak.....strange.  Exterior definitely does not match the interior, which is cooler than it first appears when you drive up.
5	Happy hour was awesome! Steak melted in my mouth!
4	First time visiting this place and I can't believe I drive by here nearly every day and hadn't checked it out yet.  Props to the Yelp friends for cluing me in on this place.  The decor inside is pretty amazing...I don't even know how to describe it.  Dark, gothic, speakeasy?  I don't know but whatever it is works great.  My friend and I came in here one evening at about 9:30 for a late dinner after work.  The lot is always full when I drive by; partly due to being somewhat small and partly because it seems everyone besides me knows how great this place is.  For this first visit I had one of their micro brew drafts (can't even remember the name); it was dark similar to Newcastle but better.  I also had one of their flatbreads and a house salad.  I try to keep it simple when going to new place so that I'm not disappointed (read: pissed) if I order something crazy and expensive and it turns out to be disappointing.  The food lived up to its reputation...everything tasted great, was fresh and presented nicely.  Service wasn't too shabby either however I did notice the bartender spending more time chatting with the hostess's than the guests...can't say I blame him, they were easy on the eyes but just saying people do notice this and can be off-putting to some.  Will return for another meal sometime soon.
4	UPDATE! I am just not ok with knowing I have a 3 star review for this place. The first time I went I had a great experience and my bf had a horrible one (read previous review) However, I talked him into going back and since we've returned 3 more times! We always go for happy hour between midnight and 3am. After trying 3 different steaks my favorite is the Bone in Kansas City cooked medium well add herbs and rye rub. I've had the blue cheese crust and the mushrooms and onions toppers. Both are yummy but they don't top the rub. Another highlight is the chicken wings. They are so different from any wings I have ever tried. I also had a chopped salad that was a meal in itself. I don't know what it is but every time I go here, I eat every single bite of everything. Appetizer, salads, sides, desserts (get the donuts) EVERYTHING! The mixology is one of a kind. Whether you choose one of the old school vivations, or a simple cran & vodka- its made special every time. They truly aim to please. So ignore the fact that this place looks like a hole in the wall bar, because once you walk thru those doors you are in a whole new time. A classy, enjoyable one.
3	How do you review a place where the food was excellent, the service pretty good, but the sit you in what looks to be the dance floor and in the corner of it to boot? A solid three stars is my guess. There's a great selection of cocktails from the older times of these being the "cool drinks" and some great food.  If I had to pay the full price (go during Happy Hour...period) I'm sure there'd be less stars given, but for the price (and company of friends in a trendy place) I'll keep it on the list of places to go.
3	I will begin by saying I am bias. I will continue by saying my dining experience was fruitful, I didn't despise this place nor do I now. But the touted "three-star" Herbs & Rye has received is solely based on what happened after the restaurant. Maybe I'm just as bitter as the beer I received, not a complaint, or maybe I'm just indifferent cause I have had world class bistec in my time, not a complaint. I came here on a weekday, I believe it was a Thursday. To get it started, we went during Happy Hour. Happy Hour is from 5-8pm and 12am to some un-Godly hour. It includes the choice steaks, well drinks and beer and some appetizers and such. A fair deal for steaks you usually overpay for in most cases. I came here with a bunch of friends for a nice relaxing, cheaper than usual meal.I won't complain about much, the service was great and I wasn't misled on any of the items. Usually when you go to a place, the server will try and sway you from the Happy Hour deal for their own benefit. Not here, our waiter pretty much made it seem like we were crazy to choose any of the full priced items. I ordered a Red Amber beer because it was Happy Hour and when I got it, it was a little warm. He did tell me they were changing the keg, but I assumed that it would still be cool. Not in this case, I still drank the darn thing because I have problems, but it wasn't as refreshing as I probably expected. Speaking on my behalf, I ordered the "Bone in Kansas City Strip," which I added a spice to the steak (it started with a Ch- kind of deal, I can't recall - but it was olive oil, garlic and thyme I want to say). You also get a free side and I splurged and got the truffle mac n' cheese. Overall  the meal was delicious and I was super full after eating. I wish that you didn't have to pay 3 bucks to put the topping on the steak, but I mean when you're paying half price for $30-40 steak it's worth it. My steak did have bone in, but it was oddly peculiar that there was bone also lining the rim of portions of my steak. A tedious process to cut around, but again, steak is steak and a man likes to work and earn his food. Okay, so I left and proceeded to have a horrible night. I spent more time with the toilet then I did with my girlfriend that night, our date night. My stomach did not feel good and I was miserable after. Maybe it's the mess that is my body or maybe it's the food I ate, but I didn't enjoy the feeling. I haven't ever had food poisoning and I don't think I even had it at all, but the feeling after the meal I had wasn't normal. That being said, it may be a little bit till I go back because I may have to get bowel reconstruction (a joke -__- ). I don't blame on it on the place, but I just have to say I didn't feel like that until after the food. So, I applaud the efforts of the Herbs and Rye staff and I will be back. But when my bowel is ready for another round. Otherwise, people should come here for some decently priced food and drinks!
5	went there on a memorial weekend vegas trip on advice from Yelp .. sooo glad I did. ive never had a steak sooo good.. ribeye with blue cheese crust and filet mignon with herbs and rye rub.. truffle mac and asparagus.. went during 5 -8 happy hr.. half price steaks were $22.  and $24.. the others on the menu just sound insanely expensive. but these were worth $50 each..soooo goood!!! yummmm!!! waiter was a cool young man..no complaints... they played old black and white mobster movies in the bar which has booths too!! its tiny.. pitch black with a dim light to barely see your waiters face.. LOVE IT!!  bartender was a total cutie old school kinda guy..made some amazing cocktails too!! must try the Pims Cup Cucumber Mint drink! GULP!!!  sides were extra. total for two with one drink each.. including tip $85...  worth that and more due to flavor explosion!! also medium rare was cooked perfect!!  we got there right at 5pm. it was not very busy but full and food wasnt fast but perfectly timed!!!  the outside looks like a crappy night club.. lol.. dont let that fool you.. we will return on our next vegas trip for sure!!!!  one thing im confused on is our waiter said they didnt have any happy hour drink specials..?? WTF?  we ate in the bar in a nice comfy booth!  the music is quite loud which i would have loved if they werent playing the pop Beyonce hip hop .. didnt fit the scene or the customers..
5	Drink menu - so many choices, so much fun.  I tend to try something new, then order a Moscow Mule, partly because it comes in a cute little tin mug.Food - yummy flatbreads...and the Pork & Fig is sooo good!
2	Came here because we've heard such good things and let me start off by saying the HH menu was shortened tremendously in regards to food. Aside from the half priced steaks, there were only 3 appetizers that were half off. Started off with the chicken wings with Thai sauce, we really liked it. Nice crisp wings and the sauce was good too. We all decided to order some type of steaks, I had the Kansas Steak and my 2 other friends ordered the rib eye. Our sides were truffle fries, truffle mac n cheese, and mashed potatoes. My Kansas Steak was really good and my friends agreed their rib eyes were delicious as well. I had the mashed potatoes, which I really enjoyed too. The food is worth coming back for hands down, however the reason for my 2 star review is because the service was horrible. Our server was Ronnie and he seemed kind of un patient with us. For instance, when we asked him to explain the HH to our friend who came late because it's kind of complicated, he rudely adds "Not really" and then explains to her what is included. There was an attitude problem I felt like to the point we were going to walk out.  Whenever we asked him for something we felt like we were walking on egg shells. My friends and I all work in service industries and know what it takes to be rude to a customer and this guys certainly was. I certainly do hope he was just having a bad day because we really enjoyed the food.
5	The only place where happy hour = 1/2 off cuts of steak!Came here for date night with the bf on a Thursday around 6pm. While it was 100 degrees and sunny outside, the restaurant was incredibly dark and had a very old-fashioned Las Vegas saloon vibe. The menu was quite expansive with the majority of it consisting of drinks. They offer authentic classic cocktails that are worth the trip to the restaurant alone. These bad boys set you back $10 each, but they are worth it. I had the Remember the Main (it was a strong drink since it had Absinthe in it) and a Lion's Tail. These drinks were absolutely delectable and I just wish they were included in the happy hour. I'd be visiting this bar much more often then!The bf and I split the special that night, a 24 oz porterhouse steak with one side (we picked button mushrooms) for $29. At that price, it was a no brainer. This steak was arguable one of the best steaks I've ever had. It had a gorgeous charred sear on the outside but was deliciously moist and flavorful on the inside. They have options to add on blue cheese or a dry spice rub, but we wanted to enjoy the steak in all it's natural glory. It was absolutely delicious. Both sides we had, button mushrooms and the garlic mash, were great and completed the meal.For dessert, we split their homemade donuts. I'm not much of a dessert person, but these were incredible. You get both the soft and fluffy donuts and donut holes along with a dark chocolate and white chocolate dipping sauce. These were soooo good. Both their food and drinks were exceptional and I will definitely be back. Date night seal of approval!
5	Happy hour 5 pm - 8 am and midnight to 3 am.My buddy and I decided to have a man date one night but we couldn't wait for the reverse happy hour because both of us had to work the next day. Well, it was just me. We were greeted promptly and sat on a semi-circle. It was an awkward setting for us two. it seriously felt like a date.Shared a plate of Carpaccio (beef, arugula, balsamic). Mmmm-mmmm-mmm. At first, I couldn't find the meat, I thought it was just a plate of arugula. But because of the dim lighting, it was really there, under the arugulas. But my oh my, delish and refreshing.  It was a hint of bitterness, sweetness and saltiness. All my senses were confused in the right way.As for drinks we got two...can't remember exactly what the names were mine was Scowoff? Scawhoff? S something. Even our server corrected me. My buddy got the drink with that comes with fire. Anyway, my drink was like a manhattan but with lemony goodness. Gosh, I wasn't even drunk but it sounds like I was based on this review. Haha. I would come back here to see what the happy hour is all about. Maybe have a plate of meat for me or clams.
5	You can't beat this place especially during happy hour where most of the steaks are half off. Not only are they half off but they might be some of the best steaks I've ever tried! I had the NY Strip, which was cooked to perfection and just seasoned perfectly. I didn't need any sauces or additions to make it taste better.I thought the drinks were good but the prices were a bit steep (but not unexpected).The donuts were to die for. Seriously the best I've had... and the dipping sauces were the absolute perfect complement! Wow! It is worth a trip just for these!!!The atmosphere has that dark, prohibition feel. I wasn't sure what to think of it initially but it works. They play music from the era which adds to the ambiance. And finally, the service was super friendly and spot on. I would highly recommend this place if you are visiting Vegas!
4	great drinks!
5	Did you say Happy Hour from 5 pm to 8 pm?  Wait! AND half price steaks?  Had dinner with a friend before a show at the Smith Center.  Herbs and Rye is in the old Venetian Italian restaurant.  Loved the dark speakeasy vibe and brick walls.  Caution: let your eyes adjust or you will run over the hostess!  We started with the calmari appetizer.  It was crispy and served with a delicious aioli.  The crispy pancetta was a nice touch.  BTW - it was a very large serving. I order the filet mignon and it melted in my mouth!  My side was the crispy truffle french fries.  YUM!  They have an extensive cocktail list that is sectioned by time period.  I opted for the French 75.  It is one of my favorite cocktails and Herbs and Rye did not disappoint!Our server was awesome and kept us on schedule for our 7:30 show!  Love Herbs and Rye!
5	After driving by this place countless times and saying "i'm going to go there sometime," I finally made it thanks to Mario S, Anthony M, Tien and others. Happy Hour is the way to go otherwise I can't see spending that kind of money here. Even on happy hour it adds up quick if you are not careful. Steaks, Mac & Cheese and linguini with clams were all very good.Atmosphere and staff were top notch. I'll just leave it at the single guys weren't complaining about the girls that work there. Plan to visit this place every once in a while moving forward. Great spot to meet up with friends for drinks and food.
5	You cannot beat this place during their happy hour. Old time movies playing on the tv screens and a menu that points out that their steaks are half off during their happy hour. Our waiter was super awesome because he totally realized that I am frugal. When ordering a drink, he let us know if a drink was going to be half off or not, which I totally appreciated. I have frequented places that will happily "do you dirty" and not mention when something isn't part of their special to jack up the price of the bill. Food was pretty decent. Only complaint is that it was super dark in there. We needed our phones to look at the menu.
5	My husband and I went here for our anniversary. We both got steaks. I had mine with the herbs & rye spice mixture. I usually have to get my steaks medium well or well... (yeah, I know...), but I got mine medium, and it was great. I also tried the Pimm's cup. It was delicious. I would love to have one with Indian food. It seems like it would complement it well.The atmosphere is nice. It kind of feels like you're in a classic movie. haha.
5	This is a excellent local's place to come for a protein fix!Here's why:-Happy hour food deals from 5-8 pm---and I don't mean those teeny-tiny bar-tapas things that pass as happy hour food at a lot of places in town! I mean STEAKS baby!!! BIG ONES! (The beef is Choice, not Prime, but it comes from an excellent ranch, and is thick, juicy and tasty.)-Freshly-made donuts for dessert; one of the best finishers in town. Truly decadent.-Ronnie the waiter, who's as good as they come: charming, smart, enthusiastic and a real pro. Ronnie rules.This is a place that I go to and recommend to friends often.
5	Herbs & Rye has become my favorite restaurant in Vegas.Herbs & Rye has also become my favorite cocktail bar in Vegas.To put it simply, the steaks are one of the best in town.  They butcher the meat themselves, the season it perfectly, and it's always at the right temperature you order.The cocktails are a delight as well.  More of a trip through drinking's history than a cocktail menu, you are practically guaranteed to find your new favorite drink from this menu.The service is top notch as well. I accidentally ordered something spicy, and before I could ask for something to be done, my meal was remade without question.  I also like a place where I am not lacking water at any time.And then there is the happy hour.  50% off of most steaks on the menu and many drinks as well.  I paid $22 for my filet mignon.  My incredible filet mignon.If you want a unique cocktail, a wonderful steak, impeccable service and the best price in town for it all, Herbs & Rye should be your destination.
5	The best cocktails I have had in a while!  We came for happy hour, but didn't realize until seeing the menu that the HH special mostly applies to steaks and not much else on the menu.  No problem, we had some delicious calamari and some sweet potato tots with melted marshmallow and bacon bits.  Oh, yeah.The Hemmingway Cocktail was perfection and service was friendly.  I will definitely be back.
5	Absolutely love this place! The cocktails here are the star of the show. They hand-craft each cocktail with real passion, resulting in a great tasting drink that is unique. I'm sure most of you have never tried drinks like these!The restaurant is dimly lit, the staff is friendly, the food fantastic and I love trying cocktails from each era and reading all about them. Perfect for a date night!
3	Yeah, okay, I know there are a bunch of 5 star ratings on here and very easily they could be justified, maybe we hit the place on the wrong night.The food with the exception of one thing was excellent, far far better than I was expecting.For me, the Kansas city cut steak with truffle and parm fries.For the wife, a Caesars salad and the sliders.The salad was excellent, a good bite to the dressing, the sliders were also very good, though a little over cooked IMHO.The steak, while listed as choice, I would not have argued if I had been told it was prime, it was a darn good steak, perfectly cooked.The fries...Yeah, here we go again..... Okay, the rest of the food shows that the chef knows how to cook and present good food, damn good food in fact, so why does he think that buy in bulk US food fries should in any way, shape or form be found in this restaurant ?????Seriously, this place could easily hit it out of the park, but when you are charging $7.50 for fires, hand cut them, they taste better, they look better and they are cheaper in the long run.So now you are probably wondering why I only gave 3 stars, sure if you know the way I rate places you would be thinking a 4 star review, well yep, minus 1 star for the BS fries.But the service, wow, yeah, this was the let down for me in a big way, the place isn't that big, there were 3 waitresses working and yet they all seemed to be running around doing nothing, as I said, maybe a bad night, those do happen, but it really could have been so much better. Slow to take the order, slow to get drinks, slow to refill drinks, slow to clear plates, slow to give the check.The place certainly has a great ambiance,  this is a place I would bring friends, one small issue, the music could do with being a touch lower, on a couple of the jazz numbers the trumpet note just went right through me, I could see the same reaction from a few others, so I am guessing it's not me just being an old fart...Though I will say, it's nowhere near the level of say Fire Fly which can be stupidly loud at times.Last little thing..The happy hour...If your going to offer a happy hour on food and drinks, maybe something other than the steaks and a couple of clam dishes, which btw, made them prices I would happily pay, the regular price for say clams and linguine is $28...Yeah sure.Drink prices as well, great to offer half price drinks, but when the regular price for a Pimm's cup is $22, your not really offering much, btw, the cost is just under a dollar to make that drink and while I will say, the bartender we were watching is maybe one of the best in Vegas, it's still a stupid mark up.Yes I know, a lot of negative, easy fixes for the most part and yes, we will be going back, fingers crossed the service issues were just a bad night.
4	This is an out of the way - none-tourist old world bar type of a restaurant with a great "mixologist", and good quality food.  We thoroughly enjoyed our visit, as both the food and the service were excellent.  The drinks are truly exceptional.  If you want a nice non-tourist experience for dinner, this may be your place in Vegas.You may need to wait for a few minutes for a cab, but the restaurant will arrange it for you.
3	It was a great choice for a date night with my husband. They have all these amazing cocktails from different eras & they definitely pride themselves on them as they should. I had a sprite, but my husband enjoyed the cocktail he had tremendously. He raved about it even after we left. The steaks were awesome & we had the asparagus & macaroni & cheese. Unfortunately, or asparagus was undercooked, but the rest of the meal was fantastic. The music was up too loud & didn't match the vibe or mood of the place. It has a very mob feel to it... Like a speakeasy..... The music..... Not at all.Anther reason it lost a star is because our waiter was not a very good listener. When he first came around to take our drink orders, I was ready, but my husband wasn't. I asked if I could get a sprite & he smiled at my husband & said "I'll just give you guys some more time." Our waiter wasn't even really a waiter..... The girls from the front f the house brought us everything, even filled my water & sprite twice because our waiter didn't come check on us. He showed up at the last second with our bill & we weren't even done as we were thinking of staying for some cocktails. Hopefully just a hick up, but we will definitely be back, maybe not for e restaurant service, but for the bar service.
5	Our friends rave about this place and now I know why.  We went here with the in-laws because they are steak and potatoes people.  My father-in-law is a former beef farmer.  He knows his stuff about beef. He was very happy with his steak. We each got a steak and side. I got two sides. We were impressed at how simple everything was prepared, but was so flavorful. Service was good and the cocktails were delish! We will definitely be back!
3	After my first visit to Herbs & Rye, I was going to write 2 reviews just to give the place 10 stars. After my second trip, I have to give it 3 stars, and here's why. On my first visit, my friend and I decided to indulge in the happy hour special and we ordered the flat iron steaks. He ordered his with $3.50 extra house rub, I ordered mine plain. We also paid for two alacarte sides that we decided to split. When the steaks were placed in front of us, we weren't sure which had the rub and which didn't. We later found out that neither had the rub, but those were some damn good steaks. So good that we considered ordering second steaks. The flat iron was juicy, flavorful, and tender. I wanted to slap someone they were so good. We went around bragging about how wonderful the steaks were, and they were. At the time we thought, since we were charged for it, that both of our steaks got the house rub. Fast forward to the next trip where we brought some friends along, we decided almost recreate our first trip. We got 3 Kansas City cuts 2 with the rub and one with blue cheese. Lets just say this is when we discovered that we paid for a rub that we didn't get and we also paid for sides that should've come with the meal. I had to verify, since the first server charged us separately for the sides whether or not a side was included with a steak order. That rub that we didn't receive the first go round was definitely not the be's knees.  A couple sitting in the both next us thought the same thing. Finally, my friend who got the blue cheese topping on his steak really wanted more steak than blue cheese. Blue cheese is pungent enough that the entire 12oz piece of steak did not need to be covered in it. I took a bite of his steak and tasted no steak at all, just blue cheese. My advice, get the flat iron with no extra anything.
3	Why couldn't I have a great experience like everyone else? :(I came here for a late dinner with 3 friends a few months ago.  Our waitress did not seem thrilled to be working in the least bit.I ordered the sliders and asked for them plain.  "So do you want the sauce?"  "No thank you."Our drinks are all empty by the time our food comes out.  It is served by a different server, or a food runner.  Sure enough my sliders come out with sauce on them.  After the person drops off our food he leaves.  Clearly we all need refills.  Since it was so hard to find our waitress I decided to just suck it up and eat my sliders with the sauce on them.  After looking around, we finally see our waitress in a corner eating.  Umm okay, let's let her enjoy her food.. We flag down someone to get refills and a different person again later on to get our check.  Our waitress comes over to pick up our check and return it... What sucky service!!The food was good, even with the sauce.  I will have to come back again and give this place a second shot.  Only because of the food.  However in restaurants, food and service go hand in hand.  Too often do I hear of places with great food losing customers because of crappy service.  Since I am a server myself, I will give her the benefit of the doubt and give it another go.
5	Awesome place to enjoy a delicious dinner. The food, drink and ambiance is excellent especially for off the strip. Everybody I've taken here loves it. Highly recommend it.
4	I have been here a couple of times now and really enjoy this place. It is great for just about everything...from just wanting to go out and have some cocktails to wanting to have cocktails + a good meal. Don't let your first impression throw you off. From the outside yes, this place is slightly shabby, however walk in and it's a whole new place. Dark, leather booths, perfect for dates. Amazing and interesting and HUGE cocktail menu...and the drinks don't disappoint!The food is pretty good as well. Mostly a steak place but I've gotten appetizers and flat breads here that were good as well. Three stars for the food, but add the fourth for ambiance and the cocktails.
5	Wonderful Decor, wonderful drink menu , wonderful service , amazing filet , amazing Brussels sprouts , delicious truffle Mac and cheese... Shall I go on? Ok go here it's amazing . Hipsters everywhere unite!
4	Summary: Very solid off strip restaurant. Neighborhood and this part of Sahara Blvd have seen it's better day and I am sure that they have their up-hill battles w/ marketing this place. The lady and myself ate there on a Wednesday and every seat at the bar was filled for their happy hour (7pm). The two main parts of the restaurant were empty and they sat us at a banquette circular table in the bar area.  Little tight in the bar area as the actual bar itself is only a few feet away from the tables. So when you sit at a table in this area you are sort of forced to stare at the backs (and cracks) of the people sitting at the bar. Decor was retro and speakeasy like - place was clean and well kept. Red patterned wallpaper, TV's playing black and white movies and the music playing the old crooners (Frank, Dean, Sammy etc.). We ordered two appetizers - the little-neck steamer clams and the fried Calamari. Both were amazing, very tasty and well presented.  The juice or broth that they present the clams in was to die for. They give you a piece of bread that you can dip into the sauce when you are finished eating. We took advantage and LOVED them both! Good timing in the part of the waiter had our steaks presented to us with enough of a break between finishing the appetizers and starting the main course. Every night they have "happy hour" till 8pm and feature all steaks 1/2 price. We took advantage. My date had the fillet ordered rare + (with a fried egg on top) and I went with the rib-eye medium rare with an au pove sauce. We each chose the garlic mashed potatoes as a side. Steaks were right on and cooked perfectly. Been having issue with this and the chef at Herbs delivered perfectly! The cuts and the sides were stellar and would compete with the best steakhouses on the strip. My rib-eye was as good, if not better than the steak I had at the Wynn, Bellagio, Cosmo and Venetian. We each ordered two of the "custom signature throw back cocktails" from the lengthy drink menu. The menu spans the eras and the drinks from each time period. There are no prices on this section of the menu so be aware of what you are ordering. Most of these drinks fell in the high price or strip casino range ($12 - $15). Little too high priced for an off strip restaurant. They should also feature a couple drinks from this menu during their daily happy hour. Think people would take advantage. We were way too full and passed on desert (but it looked and smelled delicious). Bill came and the two of us racked up almost $150 in costs. Was a slightly taken back by this as those prices are what we do at a fancy strip restaurant. Seemed a little excessive for the local driven location. Might hinder price conscious locals? Might hinder us from going back more often, but we will most certainly go back. Food was delicious, service was on point. Food here is the big winner, food and service earned the 4 stars. Good job Herbs & Rye - enjoyed the visit.
5	We came into town hankering for a delicious cut of steak. When in Vegas you must live it up baller style. We called up to meet a couple friends who are locals and they suggested this place saying they had good food and interesting cocktails. After perusing the yelp reviews which are solid I decided we should listen to the locals and head off the strip. I really love checking out the local joints in Vegas, because there are so many places to choose from and a lot of times the strip places are amazing but quite pricey. We arrived a few minutes before our friends. I had used the handy dandy open table reservation through the yelp app! Upon arrival the words I said were 'don't judge a book...' The place seems like any other place you'd pass way out on the west side beyond the Rio. My boyfriend looked at me skeptically and then we walked in. Inside the intimate speakeasy type bar and dimly lit but very nicely furnished dining area we were seated in a big booth and handed massive menus. The server explained the cocktail menu was set up by time period each drink handmade by an awesome bartender with a fully stocked bar.  Each drink had a story of how it came to be and where it was popular as well as the ingredients. I was almost overwhelmed by the amount of choices until my friend ordered a drink called the bees knees and I copied! The server also informed us that happy hour was going until 8pm and that many items were 1/2 off including many of the steaks! Our 7pm arrival seemed to have been a miracle! My boy and I each ordered a 9oz filet with a side of dipping sauce, an extra but I love to dip, I had the au poivre sauce which was incredible peppery and perfect. We also split a wedge salad AND each steak came with a side! I chose the truffle Mac &cheese and boyfriend chose brussel sprouts with bacon lardon. We shared our sides of course, I shudder to say that I may really be becoming an adult because I preferred the brussels! Everything was perfectly cooked and to the exact temperature of our choosing. We had an after dinner shot of fernet to polish us off and when the bill arrived my jaw dropped! So much food & drink for such a low low price. We certainly were off the strip but you'd never know it by the food, presentation or service, only by the price. One more super cool thing is that you can order a 'surprise' drink from the bartender. They won't tell you the recipe but you can have them make you a special. My boyfriend asked for a special gin drink that came out quite tasty. All in all this is possibly my new favorite go to steak place off the strip. We will certainly be back for more tender juicy filet goodness in the near future.
3	I attended Herbs & Rye's grand opening four years ago and it was an interesting experience. The night started and almost ended as one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had (primarily the service). Fortunately, they took care of us and we ended up relocating to the bar and having the complete opposite experience. The food was delicious and the cocktails were wonderful. I didn't intentionally not return, but I never ended up going back until a couple months ago.Teresa S., my fiance, and I were in the area and very hungry, so we headed over with a reservation via Open Table. We were very excited that we were in time for their Happy Hour (5pm-8pm), which meant 50% off select steaks and other items! What sounds better than a 9 oz. filet mignon? A $17 9 oz. filet mignon! I also ordered sides of Asparagus, Garlic Mash, and Roasted Brussel Sprouts (I can't remember what it was called, but it also had panchetta). My fiance ordered the Italian Sausage flatbread.The sides were all very delicious. The highlight was definitely the brussel sprouts. Ridiculously good flavor! The asparagus were slightly overcooked, but still good. The mashed potatoes were so flavorful and creamy. My steak made me sad. It was dry and NOT medium rare. As you can see in the photo, there wasn't even a touch of red in the center. Le sigh. I lose all respect for a restaurant that can't properly prepare a medium rare steak (or burger). It's the worst offense and totally ruins my whole meal. Which made me more sad since I enjoyed everything else so much.Service was spotty as well. Everyone seemed more fixated on the big group in the center of the dining room. I guess they were more important. Anyway, although most of the food was really great, it's not enough to bring me back.
4	I really enjoyed the experience but its a little pricey for the product .   The cocktails are fun to explore and I enjoyed the Mediterranean flatbread but I just wish their happy hour was a little better.  There isn't a discount on any cocktails or on the majority of food.  You can get 50% off a few wines, one beer, steaks and that is all.
3	Expensive. Happy hour is only on steaks... I thought it was going to be on drinks so that was disappointing. Food is really rich but tasty. Good if you want to take someone on a pricey dinner date.
5	I'm a regular here.  Best steak and lobster I ever had!
4	My boyfriend and I just ate here while we were staying on the Las Vegas strip. When we drove up...the outside of this place looked SKETCHY! Like a strip mall. Once inside, it is a very cute place. Like a dark, brooding speak easy. We ordered drinks, our waiter was very nice . He did warn me the Mint Julep I ordered was a very strong drink....and wow! It was too strong for me, he was very nice and offered to get me something else. We ordered the Kobe sliders...so juicy and flavorful! Also the carpaccio, perfection. Great meat and wonderful flavors. As well as the sweet potatoe tater tots with marshmallow crust...great idea, but fell a little short for me there wasn't enough salty contrast in the dish. We also ordered the farmers flat bread...ok, not wonderful. I did really like the good food we had here though. Be warned, if you like semi-sweet cocktails like me...there isn't a whole lot on the menu that doesn't involve bitters, gin, rum, or whiskey.
4	I love places like this. Its a really cool prohibition style atmosphere inside. We went for happy hour and got steaks and a side for half off. There is a decent beer selection and the highlight is old fashioned cocktails. I got the Kansas City cut with truffle mac and cheese-it was a great accompaniment. The house red ale is surprisingly crisp and flavorful, and the Brown Derby was a really great shaken drink. My wife got a really good off-menu jalapeno/gin concoction. She loved the Brussels sprouts. The Caesar salad was pretty small for the price, with three leaves of uncut romaine; but the dressing was really good. I'd love to go back there, its definitely worth driving 12 off the strip.
4	Very nice dim lit interior. My boyfriend and I came during the Happy Hour when steaks are half off. I ordered the 9 oz. Lobster tail and 9 oz. filet meal ($55 and not eligible for happy hour price) with garlic mashed potatoes and asparagus. It was fabulous except that big of a lobster tail can be pretty tough. I enjoyed the steak though, very juicy. My boyfriend ordered the New York Strip which he liked a lot. We also had a side of the truffle mac n cheese which was fantastic. I highly recommend this place especially during the happy hour. Great bang for your buck!
4	The happy hour was great. Tasty steaks at 1/2 price. Beer was$3. The drinks were very good. We ordered a Cesar salad and we were disappointed. The gave us 4 romain leaves that we had to cut up ourselves. The dressing was very fresh and delish. Next time I will ask them to cut up the lettuce.
5	Herbs & Rye has been on my to do list for almost a year now. I am thoroughly ashamed of myself for not dining her sooner! What an idiot! This place is my new Vegas favorite! I actually expected it to be kind of divey but was pleasantly surprised when I walked in the door to find such a cozy and charming place.Maybe it was because I was incredibly starving, but I was close to ordering  every appetizer on the menu, I was shut down... There were six of us, we all split about 3 apps, individual entrees and a few sides. Carpaccio, mussels, tomato soup,  Chops & Figs, jalapeno creamed corn, Filets, Seafood Linguine.I don't have a negative thing to say about Herbs & Rye.Excellent selection of hand crafted classic cocktails.Mouthwatering steaks, and chopsPrices seem average Attentive servers
5	Where do I start?  One of my favorite spots in all of Las Vegas.  This place is a hidden Gem and I think a lot of people pass by it a million times and disregard it.  Here's the Low Down...Decor:Swanky, chic and old school.  One of my favorite "date places" or just a cool place to hang. The Booze:BTG wine list is solid.The cocktails are amazing.  These guys know their stuff and have really mastered the art of Mixology with their craft cocktails.  Extensive list of all liquors, specifically their Gins and Whiskeys.Solid beer listThe food:The food as awesome.  Especially for the reverse happy hour!  My personal favorites are the Jalapeno Cream Corn, Kansas City Strip with peppercorn sauce and Prosciutto Asparagus Flatbread.   If you haven't been yet, YOU NEED TO GO!
1	Today was bad. Just bad. Not sure if short staff was to blame or just our server, but never had a worse experience here. Waited 25 min (at our booth) for our first drinks. Food was good but steak was doused in oil from mushroom & onions, otherwise as good as always. Service just sucked! We had more interaction and service from bus boy (awesome should get server status) and hostess! Sorry for bad review but when things are bad ya gotta say something. Best part.... Server never even acknowledged the slow service or anything, someone give that bus boy a raise! Full price on the check too! Boo herbs & rye tonight!
3	I went to herb and rye with a few friends for a birthday party, being that I rarely eat chicken let alone any other meat I was bit weary. When we walked in the steak house has the ambiance of a haunted house with there being almost NO LIGHTING,old antique decorations, and creepy paintings. The menu is very brief but VERY DIFFICULT to read with the lack of lights. I did find a pasta dish on the menu and ordered that, much to my delight. Also found an alcoholic drink that was very tasty. I made the mistake of telling the waiter I needed more time while everyone else ordered their first round of drinks and I didn't get another chance to order for about 20 minutes, also takes a solid 15 minutes for the bartender to make it. Over all great food and drinks how ever the ambiance and service time suffer badly, also pretty pricey it was $450 for 5 people. A great place to go for a special occasion, but wouldn't go for a random dinner.
4	I think the broken sign and nondescript door all play into the prohibition theme of this restaurant....   A coworker told me about the happy hour here that runs from 5-8pm and 12am-3am....HALF OFF STEAKS! WHAT?!  Now that is my kind of happy hour! The 18oz boneless ribeye was $24 and comes with a side.  The ribeye was cooked perfectly and marbled well with fat.  We tried a few sides since we were with some friends.  Honestly, the sides were underwhelming (jalapeno creamed corn, sweet potato tots, brussel sprouts).  I definitely would not pay the regular price for the sides again.  A few of the appetizers were half price, so we tried the spicy mussels ($13).  The marinara sauce that these mussels come with is addicting, we kept asking for more bread to sop up all the sauce.  The bread is warm, freshly toasted baguette and perfect for soaking up all the garlicky goodness.    Honestly, the price of most of their happy hour items is what I would probably expect to pay normally.  The items on their food menu seem grossly overpriced for this location, so unless you are here for happy hour....I say there are better options.  I highly recommend if you want a good steak and don't want to pay a visit to your cheap steakhouses like Outback, then to come give Herbs and Rye a try.  Also make sure to sit in the bar area, the regular dining area seemed dead.
4	Food and cocktails good.  Service bad.  Avoid dinner rush and your can appreciate the place.
3	So I've been hearing about this place for a while for fellow Yelpers and been wanting to try. When I finally got the chance, we ended up having plans to go twice in the same week! If my rating was based solely on service they would've got a 1.5, based on drinks 4.5, based on food 3.My first time there we were with a very large group ( 30+ people) on a Tuesday night at 8pm. It's not like they didn't know we were coming, but they seemed overwhelmed. They couldn't keep up with our drink orders, it took way too long to get the orders in let alone get the drink (even if it was just bourbon on the rocks). It took a long time to get our food as well, some people in our group were done and leaving when we didn't even get our food yet. They ran out of sides. Brought out sides way before our entree so the side was cold. Steaks were overdone. My lobster tail was over cooked. The food was just  "meh". We were all happy with the drink selection and drinks...when we got them.I was turned off with that first try, but I gave them a pass since it was such a large group. And went back with some friends on Friday night around 7:30. Again, service was horrible. It took forever to get our drink orders, and it was nearly impossible to get the waiters attention if you wanted anything else. Once we ordered food, the food also took forever. I got the Calamari this time and the first time and it was good both times. I also got a Prosciutto and Asparagus Flatbread, it was good, nothing exciting, but good. My husbands steak was much better this time and his side, Broccoli and Cheese was yummy. A friend at our table never got his food when we were all done eating, so he cancelled his order. My drinks were perfect (order 2 drinks at a time because they take so long to get!) Brown Derby and Blinker, both good in their own way. It was our friends birthday so we all split some Donuts....they were awesome.I like the decor and old fashioned vibe. I've been to this locale before it was Herbs And Rye...boy has it changed! The service alone would keep me from going back, not sure if I will go back. Only time will tell. Good thing they have some loyal Yelpers as patrons because they turned off a room full of people.
4	Loved the dark, old school bar area. We made a reservation on Open Table and were running late, staff accommodates us no problem. Our waitress Debra was attentive and very helpful. Ordered half off filet, truffle mac, and sharp cheddar broccoli (my fav). Amber ale is half price between 5-8pm as well. Great meal, great atmosphere.  Owner, Mr. Mendoza, even came out to greet us at our table. Don't be discouraged by the outside, inside is charming and comfortable. Order the donuts!!!!
5	Ive always been one of those people that use yelp but was too laZy to make an account, anyways this place is BoMb.com!!! Happy hour from 5-8 half off steaks! Got the ribeye and i give it 5/5! Went a second time and got the herbs n rye house rub, pretty nasty so i wouldn't recommend that, just get the steak by itself and you"ll be happy i guarantee it.
3	first time coming in here for happy hour. i tried their prohibition cocktail blood and sand its a mix of scotch, heering, dry vermouth, lemon and OJ. Its absolutely delicious i had to have another round for $9 its absolutely worth it! We took a few shots of chocolate cake, it's ok for $9 a shot. i dont think it'll be ordering it again. Our bartender Bryan was ok. It was an experience because of the cocktails and the company that i was with. i wish their service was as great as their drinks.
4	I finally got to try their steaks at happy hour!  I was going to get my favorite filet mignon but our server informed us that they have a filet wrapped in bacon. So, I got that and truffle fries. I also tried the truffle mac & cheese and the Herbs & Rye House Brew (HH price: $3). The sides aren't included in happy hour. We got beignets to end a great meal.Bacon-wrapped Filet Mignon:It had two thick slices of bacon on top and not wrapped around the filet. For a piece of steak that would normally be at least $50, getting this at half the price definitely changes everything. It was perfectly medium-rare, tender and juicy. 4.5/5Truffle Fries:Thin-cut fries with truffles and parmesan cheese. You can taste and see truffles, yay! The fries were crispy. I enjoy truffle fries but what makes this even better is that it's less than $10! 5/5Truffle Mac & Cheese:After eating great truffle fries, I was disappointed with this mac & cheese. I couldn't taste truffles. It was like regular, plain mac & cheese. 2/5Beignets:These aren't similar to the famous beignets from New Orleans. These are like mini doughnuts covered in granulated sugar. Normally comes with 2 dipping sauces: white chocolate and caramel but since I don't like white chocolate, our server threw in chocolate sauce. 4/5The Kool Kids ordered Jack & Coke but it wasn't like Jack & Coke - our server later on said it's not really Jack & Coke, it was something else. That and my not-so-bacon-wrapped bacon-wrapped filet made me think we were getting punked by our server.
5	Great cocktails, perfectly cooked steaks and thoughtful service. What else can be expected?
5	Easily my new favorite cocktail spot. I was so stoked to see so many gin cocktails on the menu, with ingredients that enhance the herbaceous flavor of the spirit (I had the ford cocktail: gin, dry vermouth and orange bitters). SO DELISH. Can't wait to go back to delve further into their extensive list of creations!
5	WOW!!!!Great food Great serviceAmazing classic coctailsThis is a must for those that love a local feel
4	Without the help of yelp I probably wouldn't consider this place just by looking from the outside.  Mainly because it just looks like a bar.  Walking in looks cozy burgundy wallpaper, brick, and dim lighting. We were first asked if we are over 21 years old. We were sat at a booth alongside the bar.  Candle centerpiece.  Black napkin wrapped utensils on side plates.  Large steakhouse style menu. An old western in black and white playing on the tv. The server had pretty hair and makeup styled that went with the theme.  Merlot for me, Napa Pinot noir for him.  Although we didn't order cocktails, I appreciated the art in the bartenders craft. Working in nightlife I am so accustomed to the quick pour of drinks. This was a nice change of pace. His napkin didn't appear like it was washed thoroughly.  The server quickly replaced it. She suggested the beef carpaccio and penne.  So we chose the carpaccio over the clams we had originally picked out.  He ordered rib eye with spinach on the side.  The carpaccio came out quickly. Arugula tossed with truffle oil atop the meat, drizzled with balsamic vinegar and capers. Very fresh and delicious. Large serving but not filling when shared between the two of us. The steak!  Mmm the steak...  Ribeye. Nicely seasoned. Cooked to perfection.  Juicy and tender. I love fat, so ribeye is one of my favorite cuts.  This place did it justice. My bf of course asked for A1. It was served in a sauce cup. The spinach side was a bit small so we ordered the little neck clams. When they arrived the server spilled the sauce on the table and my boyfriends hand.  Probably because the plate was hot. She apologized but did not wipe it up and picked up some empty plates instead.  The clams were nice and small the sauce a little creamy and you can taste the herbs. The bread it came with for dipping was nice and sour, soft in the middle. My boyfriend waited a while for a refill on his wine.  Another server ended up coming by and asked if he needed another. A few moments later our server came to check up.  My bf asked for extra napkins to clean the spill from earlier and that was when she wiped it up. By then our clams were done. Shortly after his wine arrived from the other server.  Minutes after we were informed it was now happy hour.  (Clams and wine are happy hour) Unfortunately, we waited to get them minutes before happy hour started.  The desserts were offered verbally. Baked cookie topped with ice cream or sugar donuts. The photos on yelp led is to donuts. Ohh my... 10 mini donuts with donut holes.  Soft and warm with the crunch of sugar. Caramel and white chocolate for dipping. We ate every bite of our meal but 2 clams.  No to go box? Rare occasion for us. The food alone would have gotten 5 stars from me.  The bill came out to $158 before tip.  Really excited that this is a late night spot.
4	Food is great, service is terrible and the ambiance is ok a bit dark and the music is so loud.We had the Rib Eye with truffle fries, meat eas perfectly cooked, taste was excellent and the fries were great, dinner for two on a happy hour less than $70, it is bargain, excellent value for money
5	This is now one of my favorite places to come when I visit home.  The drinks are spectacular and the atmosphere is amazing.  Every drink I tried I have loved.  I recommend the corpse Reviver 2, and the bees Knees.  Drinks are around 11 ish dollars which is somewhat steep but considering they are speciality I don't feel too terrible.Wish they would clear out the dining room put in some live jazz and swing dancing after hours.
5	In love with this place! Just love the cocktails and the vibe it has. Moscow mule is sooo yummy! Service is always great. Make sure you make a reservation if you want a booth, they get pretty busy.
5	There are some unexpectedly positive experiences that really change the direction of your day. Herbs and Rye was one of those experiences. I went here with two friends on Dec 6 after trying to find a good place in Las Vegas off the beaten path. After a little thought we settled on Herbs and Rye for a night of good drinks. While we didn't have a reservation we were able to get an open booth and the service was among the best I have seen at a bar. The drinks were reasonably priced and were among the best we have had, some of my other friends ended up on the strip. I'm pretty happy I ended up at Herbs and Rye. The place is clean, there is easy parking, the place has a great crowd, the service is among the best, and the ambience is perfect. I will definitely be back and have told my friends who are traveling to Las Vegas to do the same.
5	Incredible place! What a total best kept secret and hole in the wall finds. I had driven by this place countless times never knowing the hidden gem within. Thanks to friends taking me to this place, I would've never realized how awesome the environment is...kinda retro prohibition meets steampunk. Then of course the specialty libations and awesome menu. I had the New York Steak cooked to perfection and partnered it up with the truffle mac n' cheese...OMG!  The handsome and charming bartender Isaiah make me a creation of the most amazing gin drink that even he just made up in the moment and didn't name it yet. Loved his ingenuity & passion!  Great great place!
1	Service is SUPER SUPER slow. I mean we orderd our dirty martinis the second we sat down and didn't get them till right when dinner was served (30 min later) I understand they are handmade craft drinks but 30 min, really? Our server was wonderful ( a brunette girl) the busser boys all had attitudes, I feel like the employees don't work as a team. Bartender was awesome to (bearded guy with glasses) the people in the place were super trashy and loud. I had a lady next to me talking about sex and penis the whole dinner, it was repulsive. The salads sucks and the steaks were really good. Over all when you walk in the place it looks cool because it's really dark but I guarantee when the lights come on it looks like a shit hole. I was dying to get up after dinner, was not relaxing at all, super loud and the service was snail slow. Will not be going back here EVER. The food was not worth the experience.
1	The drinks are perfectly blended however food is very inconsistent,  service horrible to just ok. The wait staff plays word games to upsell every part of the meal.  When the bill came a bunch of extra charges for things we where lead to believe were "complimentary"  the waiter named Rick seems to be a thief.   Paid part of the bill with cash and part of the bill on debit card. The whole amount plus $20 was charged on the card. $100 just vanished and management and owner unwilling to investigate or make good on the situation. This was our second time going because we wanted to like this place but now just waiting till it goes out of business so something else will take it's place.  Stay away and to the great places on the strip, way better food for the same $$$
5	My girlfriend found this place during our last trip to Vegas, and it has officially became our MUST VISIT!We came here after the Vegas night clubs during the late night happy hour from 12AM-3AM, and it has one of the most amazing happy hour menu. All items listed with 2 stars are 50% off - which includes their steaks. But wait, there's more! The half off steak also includes a choice sides. We ended up spending about ~$50 for a 16oz Ribeye, and a 14oz New York Strip with two sides (Mushroom and Creamed Corn). I was speechless! The steaks were delicious! I would say they were on par with Flemings steakhouse, and for the price that can't be beat.I'm savoring about the steaks as i'm writing this review. Looking forward to my next Vegas trip to come!
4	I've been hearing about this place for a while and we went last night around 730 right before happy hour ended.  We got a chopped salad that was great and I got a filet with the herbs and rye rub which was great, but a tad spicy and my friend got the linguini with clams.  All in the all the food was great, but the reason I didn't give this place 5 stars was because the service was sub-par at best.  Def go to this place during happy hour or reverse happy hour as it is a smoking deal!
5	You can't beat the steak happy hour at midnight! 50% off selected items, and really amazing quality steaks, which include your choice of delicious side. They also have a happy hour on their own beer, which is delicious and you can't beat it for $3. I always treat myself to a few of their craft cocktails as well, of course I wish they were also happy hour, but I don't mind paying for a yummy Moscow Mule, and they are strong too! Not to mention, the great atmosphere, I always feel like I've gone back in time as soon as I walk in the door, from the decor to the gatsby-esque music, to the lighting, to the cocktails, to the black and white movies, and even the bartender's uniforms. I've yet to have a negative experience.
1	Update to my original review. Talked with manager, asked me to email him the details and bank print out to show him the draft was indeed too much. He managed to take my only record of the transaction from my girlfriend during her discussion with him then claimed that he did not take when whe asked for it back. No correspondence from the the email and no answer to phone calls. Dinner ultimately cost $320 for some basic food that way ovet priced with bad service. I'd stay away they seem to be ok with being shady business.
4	Sprouts and ham was delicious.  Spicy clams was excellent.  A must order!  Rib eye was flavorful.  If you add blue cheese to any steak... Order it on the side.  The flavor is too overwhelming with the steak.  Clams linguini lacked flavor.  Order after midnight for the 1/2 off steaks.  Pricey place...
4	The 4 star is for the steak, flat bread(pizza) and customer service not a good fan of their linguini clam pasta. The place is great for a lovely dinner date.
5	This is probably one of my greatest finds on Yelp. Half off steak during happy hour??! How can it not be?Here's the run down :+ Happy hour from 5-8PM and then midnight to close (3AM). + During happy hour, you get half off steaks and a few other options. Each steak order (unless otherwise noted) comes with one side. I usually go for the mushrooms and creamed corn.+ If you split/share.. there's an additional charge. Note : Don't bring people who aren't eating their own meal. + free bread is good+ Don't be scared by the grungy exterior look. This place is worth it.They really do close right at 3AM, so better to come earlier rather than later!
5	Hand's down, our favorite place to eat/drink in Las Vegas.  Their happy hour has 1/2 priced steaks. The quality of their steaks is top notch. Right up there with the high end steakhouses:  the palm, mortons, Ruth chris. We always take friends here when we are in town. Truffle mac n cheese is heavenly. Garlic mashed is right up there as well.  You must finish off your visit with some fresh donuts.   They use shaved ice in some of their drinks. LOVE this.  Writing this review is making me super hungry!!!
5	Ok so here is your deal of the day in FABULOUS LAS VEGAS, come here, for an early happy hour or after midnight. The steaks are all on the 50% fire sale... seriously BLUE LIGHT SPECIAL AT Herbs & Rye! and its super tasty to boot! So drag your bootay over here off the strip for a split second or ten and descend into decadent gluttony for a bit.I arrived with a group of folks around 12:30 or so and most of us had had a few drinks already and had been gambling for a few hours. We hadn't had dinner yet as we were planning on coming here and had heard about it from one of my buddies who is a local. It was described as a great steak joint with cheap high end fare. It did not disappoint on that perspective whatsoever.Pro Tip: Parking early can be tough, so be forwarned, perhaps taxi it over =DI got the 18oz boneless ribeye for $29 Dee LISH  Ushhhhhh. Normally it is $58! Well I want another one right now... and the bacon haphazardly tossed on top was awesome as well. I had the bacon topper which was two thick cuts of my favorite veggie crossed on top of the steak. WOW, just WOW.Pro Tip #2: Do NOT ask for steak sauce unless you are an uncouth Neanderthal with no understanding of good steak. Some jackwagon in my group asked for it and a few of us had our eyes just about pop out of our heads!You get a side with it and I kinda messed up trying something experimental but *shrugs* the steak and bacon were AWESOME.  But for my side I got the asparagus with the broccoli cheese sauce and it didn't turnout as well as I had hoped it would. Pro Tip #3: Drink up before you get here. Their drinks are a bit pricy and kitchee IMHO. Unless you want to drink specialty drinks at $8-$15/ea...The bread was fresh and super toasty tasty and just what you would need or expect for a meal like this. Ahhh the memories of this meal are still so fresh in my head I can taste that steak and the bacon strips! Since I have been here, I have had several friends hit this place up and no one has a bad thing to say about the steaks. I definitely plan on hitting this joint up again on another vegas run and I think you should too!
5	If you come to this place and order from the bar always order from mark! Everyone else doesn't come close.  Mark makes the best drinks.  My GF made the mistake of ordering from someone else .  Big mistake on her part!!!!
2	I just returned from this restaurant & thought I'd write a review while the experience is still fresh. Upon entering I liked the look of the place, it was very small and quaint and had that dark vintage feel about it. They had a dinning area that seemed really dead and dark and kinda secluded. We sat in the booths by the bar. I had a pisco sour and it was okay.As for the food we started w/ beef carpaccio and it was good. For my main I got the filet mignon and garlicy spinach as a side. My guy got the Surf & Turf (Filet mignon & lobster) which came w/ garlic mashed potatoes & asparagus (he changed it for one of their other sides and they upcharge $4 for the change). My steak was good but my spinach was uneatable..no exaggeration, they were THE SALTIEST thing I've eaten my entire life..I think they might have accidently dumped salt in them. I told our waitress and got brussel sprouts instead, they were too charred and dripping w grease. His food was fine, steak was good and lobster was so so, potatoes were good. I must admit the broccoli he substituted was DELICIOUS!! I would recommend the broccoli here but that's really about it.All in all:Service - our waitress was polite and nice, she was great!Food - pretty terrible, they messed up very simple stuffPrice - in comparison to the atmosphere and the food, definitely not worth it! You can get a better meal at another steak house that has a much better ambience and much livelier. Honestly though, im a foodie and if the food is great I'll go anywhere and this just wasn't. Atmosphere - small, not very lively. Nothing interesting.
4	We attended after reviewing the yelp reviews,   Have always been steered right.  We had the happy hour steaks all cooked as ordered,,,,   Very yummy we're also the sides.    Brussels sprouts are typically not my first choice, have shanged my mind...    Will definitely be back,,,,
4	Sooo! Me and my friends decide to go to dinner here one night and it was pretty good. We ordered off their specialty cocktails which were interesting. They have a lot to chose from. I think I'll try something different each time I go. We all got a different side to share and our own steak. My friend decided she wanted extra spices on her steak but didn't ask if it was spicy so when out steak came out she wasn't very happy, I decided to switch with her and thought it was great... If it was something you wanted. The side were really great we have the Mac and cheese, asparagus, fries, and I forget what else. We all agreed the best thing was the fries. Although the mac and cheese was a close second. My recommendation is to grab a group of friends, go during happy hour and all order something different. You can share and get to try everything.
5	Went here for the first time last night and had to go back again tonight. First of all, its nothing nice to look at from the outside, but once you get on the inside you definitely get the speakeasy 20's feel. The ambiance is great!I ordered the moscow mule and the ramos fiz which were both the best I have ever had, and from what I hear you definitely get a show if you sit at the bar and watch them make their drinks. The drink selection is awesome and I cannot wait to try them all.My fiance and I shared a caprese salad which tasted great. I really like how sweet and thick the balsamic sauce was. I ordered a filet mignon with a blue cheese crust and the steak was great. We ordered truffle fries and asparagus for our sides and both tasted amazing.I really cannot wait to go back. It is a great date spot and I could really come here eery night for a post-work drink. I probably wouldnt come to eat unless it was happy hour though because the steaks were expensive, but such a good deal for HH!
4	Love the atmosphere of this place. Drinks are tasty and meatballs are a must try!
2	A lot of buzz about this joint since they opened.... All good... So checked it out with my brother from chicago the other night... Meh! Im a 45 year old native that used to frequent the venetian that was replaced by new said place & felt the old ambience that was here many moons ago...dark and retro old sxool vibe i dig. I guess im getting old tho & couldnt read the tiny print on the specialty drink menu so couldnt imbide in their cocktails. Great happy hr deals on steaks 5-8 but was shocked by the website menu price difference to actually being there ( u guys need to update ur web menu!!!)  Anyway our server was freakin knowledgable. And superb! Like i said tho food was...meh... Started with steamers and caesar which were good. I gots the porterhouse & my bro got the fillet... Cooked perfectly but no differently than going to the butcher block by my house & throwing it on the grill for 1/4 the price. Sides were asparagus.... Good but salty... Truffle mac n cheese.... Decent but oily... Then the worst garlic mashed potatoes ever! Obviously out the box & a piece of roasted garlic on top of em to make em garlic mashed.... Whaaaatttt? Decent place but doesnt match the reviews... Careful of false yelpers... Been in the industry along time & probably wont be back.... Not horrible but like i said..... Meh!
5	Absolutely loved herbs & rye! The service was great, ambiance and just the whole feel for the place was very nice!  I went on valentine's day with my Gf so their menu was limited but she ordered the prefix dinner with salad, filet mignon with mashed potatoes and garlic shrimp, champagne and fried donuts for dessert. I was way hungrier than she was so I ordered the bigger NY steak and had the garlicky spinach and truffle Mac and cheese on the side. Everything was so amazingly delicious and I can not wait to come back! Oh and I can not forget about the tomato bisque with bread and melted cheese! That is a must! I can't wait to come back and try the rest of the menu!
5	Quite possibly one of my new favorite restaurants in Las Vegas. I came here with two friends on a weekday evening for dinner. My only complaint was that the lights kept changing for some reason from normal dining atmosphere dimness to really really dark and it was kind of distracting. At one point we even joked and were wondering if we were about to witness a performance. Also parking was kind of annoying and I had to park in a sketchy ally quite a ways down from the building, but it wasn't the end of the world. I had a moscow mule to drink and it was AMAZING. It is one of my staple drinks and they served it with a ball of very finely crushed ice inside of a copper mug which made it more of a slushee moscow mule, but either way it was amazing.For dinner I had the pork and figs and it was also amazing. Perfectly cooked and a VERY thick cut of meat. It was served over potatoes.The service was also really good, and best of all was the happy hour pricing which made what could have easily of been a very expensive dinner, a pretty reasonable one. I cannot wait to go back soon!
4	Love the vibe here. Not what you expect from the outside. It's got the 20's prohibition theme here. Spicy mussels and meatball appetizers are a must! It's the first time I've tried Moscow mule. Pretty good!!!! It's quite pricey but I like the vibe and the food so is say it's worth it!
5	This is a hidden gem of Vegas.Area is sketchy, but venue is pristine.Early 1900s music and feel, herbs and rye had the best ambiance with its dark mood setting that's intimate, yet social. Ordered pork and fig and fillet mignon with truffle Mac and broccoli and sharp cheddar. No regrets at all. Dessert offerings were limited to a root beer float, cookie and ice cream, and fresh donuts. I skipped dessert. I would go here and recommend it anytime to anyone looking for great value and high quality, without the tourist trap prices of the strip.
5	Had dinner here on 2/15 at 6:30 with a group of 6. The cocktails were fabulous and so were the steaks - plus they were half off! If I lived in the area I would go back often.
4	This was a fun experience. The food was pretty awesome. The late night happy hour is a great deal for my carnivore husband. Not so much for his herbivore wife. But still a great time. The server was good, not great. We got told it would be a 25 minute wait, but it was definitely less time than that, however a group that came in after us got seated before us. So they lose a star for that.The environment is very nice, in an old fashioned kind of way. It was pretty wild for a Tuesday night which I thought was odd.The three ladies had a whiskey and ginger ale, the bartender was very friendly and I enjoyed his helpfulness. He was quick, friendly, checked up on us while we waited for our table and overall gave great customer service. Later in the evening I ordered an aviation. If you haven't had one before try it, it takes a bit to get used to but it was delicious none the less. Will definitely be back again!
5	I frequent Vegas from Portland and i have been to many restaurants, and many so called classy fancy shmancy places, one thing Portland is known for is the best places to eat in the US.Let me tell you a floor guy from the Rio told me about this place, he said "the best steak i have ever had its a locals spot" i said that's a tall statement and i went.First of all i called asked if i needed a reservation they said know how many people are in your party i said about 7 or 8 then we showed up maybe half our later and they had our table ready, i was a little shocked because it seemed to be a little hole in the wall place (which i like) but unlike the normal Vegas experience. The Decor and atmosphere was very welcoming and honestly reminded me of many nice places in Portland, then we were seated they played jazzy electro house , underground old school hip hop instrumentals HA i heard a MOB DEEP instrumental which i was shocked but i loved it and people seemed to love it,  this again reminded me so much of Portland because we can get away with it, I don't see other city's and places doing this especially if its a fancy dining! The Waitress was very friendly and so was all the staff, i ordered the NY steak and garlic mash , i am very picky about my steaks and it was AMAZING it was cooked to perfection, everyone else enjoyed there food and was completely satisfied!  Food, and drinks aside the biggest thing i loved was we had FUN, its was not like your normally fancy dining experience in Vegas i agree with the other reviews this IS a hidden GEM! this place is a MUST go every time i go to Vegas from here on out!
1	First time here with my baby for a date night dinner. The server was really nice and the services is really good. I wasn't really happy with the steak, I'm sure the chef can do better than what I can cook at home. I ask for medium rare. And the steak come out bloody rare with no flavor at all. I was really disappointed with the steak. I normally go to Mon abi gabi at Paris. And the steak have soo much flavor and cook the way I wanted. Lucky my gf order some lobster, so I ate the steak with lobster at the same time so I won't give up on the steak so fast. But then I find a hair on the lobster. That just Kill dinner. I work 10 hours today. Didn't eat anything all day. I'm saving my belly for this dinner. Wasn't really happy about it. So the manager come over and he did his job well. He said he won't charge us for the mistake they make. But what make me write this review because I was so piss when I saw the bills. I feel like I'm being rib off. He did take off the lobster part but then he charged steak witch I had 2 bite and I don't want to eat it anymore after I saw the hair. I own a business my self. When the customer is not happy about my services ? I won't charge them and even offer them to come back with a free services. This is the right way to run a business FYI. I pay $150+ for my dinner. I end up cooking instant noodles at home because I didn't get to enjoy my steak dinner :(
5	I hadn't heard of this place and the facade upon arriving looked unimpressive.  But that all changed as we entered the place.  The ambience was uncontrived and interesting.  It was bustling with locals. The staff was all very friendly and accomodating. But most importantly, the food, especially the rib eye steak was excellent.  I recommend the steamed asparagus that came as my siding.  Will try to go back once more, before I leave. Definitely one of the better steaks I've had.
2	Went for my favorite steak last night at Herbs and Rye for a get together with friends and a belated birthday for my wife. I have been to Herbs many times in the past 2 years since I moved to Vegas, brought friends and relatives here for the drinks and food. Well let me tell you this was the last time. We had a party of 12 and upon arrival we made it clear we wanted separate checks or 3 checks of 4 and wee told by the 'manager' on duty it wouldn't be a problem. SO the drinks came, and we ordered and as usual, the food was excellent and the drinks were great. We arrived just before 7pm to be sure we would get served for Happy Hour. Service was very slow for just about everything. We did not get our food until after 8pm and at 8:08 I ordered a beer and was told Happy Hour was over and it would be full price (this was after ordering 2 bottles of 40 dollar wine, multiple 11 dollar cocktails and beers). So when they say Happy Hour ends at 8, they mean it. About 9ish we had finished our meal and were waiting for the waitress to come around for about 15 minutes with the 'birthday donuts' and they finally did. Then we waited for the check....and waited.....and waited...spoke to the manager about the service we were receiving. SO we waited some more. Finally about 9:45 we got our check....ALL ON ONE BILL....when we told we were granted permission to get separate checks the waitress said she couldn't do it. We insisted she did so she took the check back and went out back....and we waited...and waited...NO DRINKS, NO SERVICE, NO QUESTIONS BEING ANSWERED. Finally at 10:20 I asked to speak to the 'manager.' He came out and gave a speech about how hard it was to divide the check up. I told him to ask the waitress to come out so we could help her with the check. The manager was of no help. Now we have been there for over 3 hours, nothing comped, nothing answered, and she comes out with the split checks and they are ALL WRONG. Needless to say it was very frustrating. We ended up staying about 20 minutes longer to get the check straightened out and finally left. I'm now looking for the next best steak because I won't step foot back in that place after the way the manager acted.
4	Was here on Sat/22 Feb about 11 pm.- A cocktail is $11.  My buddy had an Aviator, I had bartender's choice and he made a great drink with my preferred liquor (vodka).- The decore, ambience and the red patterned wall (wallpaper?) was really nice.- After here we went to Moondoggies, total opposite decore and clientele (in a rough, good way).- Will be back to have a meal here eventually.
5	Super fire. Best place to eat past 12am. Porterhouse truffle Mac with bacon. That's it period and a Moscow mule is a must. I eat her once a week. Medium rare is always just right.Bad: it's busy during happy hours which are the only time I can afford to eat what I like.
4	We came here on a date night and am pretty glad we did! The inside is VERY dim and the candles in the middle of the table add a romantic vibe to the place. I know some people come here for their drinks, but my bf and I aren't big drinkers and we appreciate the preparation and the creativity behind food more so than drinks. It's been a while and I can't really remember what anything was called so bare with me. (I will provide pictures!)My boyfriend got a HUGE steak with a chimichurri sauce drizzled on the top and it was one of the best steaks I've ever had. It was the perfect medium rare and the chimichurri was tangy, garlic-y, and yummmmyyy. I had the pork chops that had some sort of fig reduction and a blue cheese crust with a sprig of rosemary and mashed potatoes. This dish was a huge explosion of flavor! Although I was hesitant to get the pork chops (almost every restaurant I have ever been to has overcooked them) these pork chops were moist and cooked perfectly! My mouth is literally watering just thinking of them.............We shared an order of truffle Mac N' Cheese and although it was pretty effing good, it was a little too truffle-y?Then for dessert, we opted for their freshly baked donuts that come with a white chocolate and caramel sauce. These are SO good that on a different night after, we ordered them to go. JUST THE DONUTS. I called in and was a little embarrassed just calling in for donuts to go but the lady on the other line just giggled and said they get that all the time, so I felt better :D They're THAT good, people!The whole experience was pretty awesome. The service was great. Our waiter was very knowledgable of both the drink and food menus. He came by a few times to check in on us and even recommended the steak that my bf eventually got. I like the romantic ambience, the only thing I don't like about it is where it's located. The *little* parking is in the front of the restaurant but on a busy night, i can see people having to park in the adjacent parking lots. Not a big deal. Wouldn't keep us away.
5	Stopped in for late night dinner 3/18/2014. As usual food and service was outstanding. We had wings (as usual) but this time we skipped the calamari (very VERY hard to do) and went with our waiter Cristian's recommendation of the beef tartare. It was amazing. Highly recommend this place, and Cristian was great!
5	It's just amazing! The atmosphere and the drinks. Bartenders are great! Food even better at half off 12-3am which is when they close. Parking isn't the best here it can fill up quite fast. Bring a non Vegas local for a little taste of the off the strip life!
2	The food was great & social experience was amazing. Unfortunately, the removal of the National Children's Cancer Society candy machine was disappointing. It was nice to have a gumball, chocolate or Skittles to snack on after our meal........owner must be more concerned about profits than customer satisfaction!
5	I looked this place on yelp since I drive by it all the time and my wife heard good things about this place so we headed over to give it a try. Place is nicely decorated, hip and trendy the bar area is a little loud but they have two separate rooms for more intimacy. As for the food it was awesome had the Margherita, Truffle Mac Cheese, Flat Iron those were great oh and don't forget the donuts those were amazing! Will be back very soon!!!
5	I give it to our waiter, Christian and the steaks!The outside is a bit "ghetto".. But soon as you come in, it's almost like a renaissance, back in the old days, touch of vampire feel.Similar to the Artisan Hotel on Sahara.We sat at the bar first while waiting for the infamous happy hour at midnight! I only did like one cocktail that night and it happened to be my friend's, the Pimms Cup - which had ginger ale, cucumber and lime. I usually don't like cucumber drinks, but this is the drink to try there! The other cocktails I had just had a weird after taste to me and so just wasn't a fan.Midnight hits, we're seated at the table and so we ordered our steaks and other desired items. I ordered the 18oz Ribeye Steak with side of the Garlicky Spinach. Grilled to perfection, tender, juicy and oh SOO delicious! You can def taste the quality in the steak! My side on the other hand was, as you expected, garlicky. I had asked for it to be a little less garlicky, but nonetheless still a good side.The group ordered Penne, Chicken Wings, New York Steak, Kansas Bone In, sides and more drinks!Christian definitely accommodated our every need and was very knowledgeable of the items/ drinks on the menu! He even topped off our night with a complimentary dessert, which I couldn't, unfortunately have.Nothing beats great service and food!
5	Come between 5p-8p and 12a-3a and enjoy half off on their happy hour menu! Great drinks, great food, great atmosphere.
1	Bad surprise at the end. The restaurant is located a bit far from the strip with strip prices.  Located among pawn shops and alike we got a bit scared but the good thing there is a parking in front of the restaurant. The prohibition like ambiance is kind of cool and you feel part of a boardwalk empire episode. You expect James Gandolphini or Joe Pesci showing up at any time. If you are budget conscious you'd better ask for the price of he cocktails before you order. We only took appetizers and no entrees but the cocktails were half of the bill and it wasted our entire experience. The food was ok and the bread was really dry and old. Disappointed.
4	One of the BEST Steaks in Vegas. The meat quality is amazing and there is a perfect charred outside and juicy and tender inside. Au Poive sauce is one of the best I have had. Wish they could bottle it! Fabulous drink menu for mixed drink snobs. I love the Bramble. Oh and the other dishes are just as great. I am now a regular and always share a steak, one of the pizzas and a side or two with my hubby. Truffle Mac and cheese is great, so is the  margarita pizza. Save room for the homemade fresh doughnuts!!!! It's a taste of old Vegas glam but a trendy and upscale crowd. Happy Hour from 5-8 and after midnight the Steaks are 1/2 price and so are a few other things...they seem to be very busy always after 8pm so if you want a more quiet dinner go early. Service is hit or miss.
3	3 stars only because service was kinda slow. But our server was really nice!The bf took me to this hidden gem... this place serves awesome cocktails. It looks a little sketchy outside because of the area it's in BUT it's really nice inside. Awesome decor & feel.A great place for happy hour! Definitely a must try for drinks.
5	Love this place!! They have a full section on the menu with classic cocktails like Manhattans and Negroni's, with little bits of information on each of the cocktail. Their Happy Hour is probably one of the best in town! The steak was awesome and so was the service. Cannot wait to go back.
1	I am saddened that I have to write this review as I thought my calls and emails to the GM and kitchen mgr would have been returned.We went to Herbs and Rye on a Thursday night in the hopes of having an amazing meal,but left heavy-hearted knowing that we probably would never return again. Myhusband and I have been visiting your establishment for the last 2 years duringhappy hour and have always had an amazing experience. We have been served byRickey several times in the past, and left extremely satisfied and happy. I have alwaysreferred people to your establishment when asked "Where can I get the best steakin town?". We've brought family and friends on numerous occasions as well.We began our dining experience this evening at 6:30 pm. We were made aware, uponordering our food that if we were ordering a steak, to expect a 30 minute cooktime. We placed our entire order at 6:40. Chorizo meatballs, Truffle Mac andCheese and 2 Filet Mignons-cooked medium well with blue cheese topping and garlicky spinach. We anticipated our steaks to come out within the 30 minute "window" referenced, but they were not delivered to our table until 7:35. An entire 55 minutes later. I asked Rickeyif the restaurant was short staffed that evening, to which he replied "for happy hour, weare short-staffed in order to keep the prices low." When our steaks finallyarrived, they were overcooked and dry. And, instead of an apology, our waiter,took out his light, and asked us to cut them in half, like we were at Chili's. He proceeded to tell me that medium-well meant light pink, to which my steak was GREY in color.He then saw they were grey and a little "overcooked" and would be sent back. Itold him that I didn't want to wait another hour for the steaks, to which hereplied "they won't take that long, there's always steaks already on the grill."New steaks didn't return to the table for another 30 minutes. By this time,we've been sitting for 90 minutes. Unacceptable in my opinion. I realize it washappy hour, but this should never be an excuse as we've never encountered thisbefore. We were told a manager was going to come to the table, but never did.By the time we received our check, it was 8:30, and we had spent enough time wallowing in this disappointing situation. I have read all of the success stories and effort to turn thisrestaurant around, and I have appreciated the service and food in the past. If Iknew that I was going to be sitting for 2 hours, I would have gone to the stripfor a better experience. I'm not generally one to write letters or complainabout food not being cooked properly, as most of the time, it's rectified in atimely manner. I was even more shocked that we were about to be offered dessert as compensation, and would have had to sit another 30 minutes. We politely declined. I've given the GM and the kitchen manager 4 days to contact me via reply to my numerous emails, but so far, they have not. It's a complete shame they don't have their act together in keeping local visitors who used to visit monthly.
5	Absolutely love this place! The ambiance is amazing and the steaks are out of this world! Love the happy hour and the cocktails! Anyone looking for a nice romantic steak dinner, this would be the place to go!
5	This is by far one of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas.  You barely notice it driving down W. Sahara Ave but do yourself a favor and go have dinner here!! The ribeye steak I had with a side of truffle Mac n cheese was out of this world. Steak was cooked just how I ordered it. Go during happy hour and get 50%off of the steaks!
3	Normally a great place. We have been several times and lately the service has been fair to poor.  We took a friend there on Thursday night at 9pm. The dinner hour rush was over and there was only 4 tables that had people. So it was slow. We waited 75 mins before we received our food. We had to call the waiter over 3 times to get water to our table and final after 45 mins if waiting I ask if our food was coming. We were told that it was coming right out. I called the waiter again and then he said that the order did not make the kitchen since their ticket machine in the back was not working. However other people that arrived after us did receive their food on time and faster than us.  We final received our meal and the dishes came out separate.  My pork chop was not hot and I just are it as everyone else had received their food and we were ready to leave.  The waiter asked if we needed anything else and said he was sorry about the wait. I was pleased that he apologized but said that he would have to ask the manager if they could discount the meal since we waited so long. When the bill came they took off 2 drink for a table of 3 and did not discount the food????  Thanks for the $8 discount on a $80 ticket. Could do more...especially for locals that brings u business.  I will have to consider going back again.  Sad because it is a cool place to go that true Vegas
5	Solid 4.5 stars. One half point deducted for an extremely heavy hand on the salting. I LOVE salt. But mind you, there are other flavours in the world. Salt is meant to enhance a dish's flavour; not dominate it.  The steaks are already generously rubbed with a house seasoning which renders any of the "add-ons" totally unnecessary. The apps are super salty, the sides are super salty, the steaks are salty.  So by the end of your 3 course meal your mouth is falling in on itself with pucker. We came during happy hour and unfortunately our medium rare steaks were overcooked. But they were still delicious, nonetheless. Service was attentive, the drinks were well balanced and delivered promptly. Even the hostess was really good at her job. My espresso (I am obsessed with the stuff): perfect. Creamy, rich, and had no burnt aftertaste as some espressos are wont to have. If you care at all about craft cocktails you MUST come here. I've never seen anything like it. (Bartender for 14 years)
5	For a long time, we've considered this restaurant our secret.  Happy Hour is the BOMB!Herbs and Rye serves super tasty drinks and delicious steaks for a low price.  It seems that the people of Vegas are catching on to the best kept secret in town.  The last few times we stopped in the place has been full!  It's great to see a local restaurant doing such a great job!You have to stop in and see the newly remodeled bar area and have the bartenders serve you a drink. This place is a MUST go! :)
5	Had a great time here...I am not much of a drinker but I do like my Whiskey...The Menu needs to be fixed as I could not read it..the font was hard to read and the red letters made it impossible..I thought because I was not wearing my glasses was the reason, so i asked the guy next to me and he said the same thing.....so fix that and all is good...I asked the bar tender what was a good drink for whiskey he made me a Brown Derby it was really good..I saw a lot of cool drinksThe Brussels spourtts are definitely  must have no they are a try them before you try anything else kinda thing and I am not a brussel sprout kinda guy.My new place for a steak as there happy hour has steaks at half price
5	Okay it's one of the best stocked bars in Vegas - liquor wise. Their cocktail list is serious and well crafted. Now short cuts here. A true mixologist paradise for flavor and well executed drinks with attention to detail. Food- I only had the meatballs with chorizo and filet sliders.... I was stuffed and wanted to order other items to see if they were as good. I will be back to see!
1	After two consecutive incidents with the same server, Debra, I'm forced to write this review. First happened February 14th, 2014. My girlfriend and I came in for dinner. She took our order wrong, food came out wrong, runner went back into kitchen, couple minutes later food came out right so no big deal. Debra however pretended it didn't happen and didn't even apologize. Again, no big deal. Left her a 18% tip and totaled it to 90$ on my card. On my credit card statement I was charged 100$. I Talked to the manager, Alennry, on the phone and said he was busy at the moment so he gave me his email to explain the situation. Emailed him twice over the course of two weeks and no reply. I ended up letting it go, convincing myself it could have been an honest mistake. April 12th, 2014 rolls around and I decide their happy hour sounds good, which it is. Don't get me wrong it's a great happy hour. Again were sat in Debra's section. Funny right? This time I total my card to 33$ and I was charged 38$, same thing with my girlfriends card. Now I'm at the point where I'm very upset because it's clear Debra is forging credit card tips. Being a server in the Vegas industry myself I know this is the biggest no no. Now I go in and talk to Nectaly himself about the situation. He seemed very sorry and genuine about the situation and said he would get the money refunded. At the end of the day, the extra 5$ charged on not only one but both our cards is not a big deal, it's the principle that counts. Nectaly emails me saying he's getting statements from his merchant. Takes about a week but he finally gets them. Then he doesn't email back for a couple days and then I finally get an email saying he's in New York and will refund them as soon as he's back. I say that's awesome and couple days go by and no email or refund. I email again and now there's absolutely no response for a week.And now I'm writing this review. It's upsetting because like I said, their happy hour and food quality is awesome. But this is not the way you do business. The first time could have been an honest mistake but twice from the same server is no coincidence. You don't steal from customers, that's not the way you do business. Please take warning. The managers and owners seem to be more than okay with doing shady business.
4	Decent place, cool atmosphere
5	Awesome handmade cocktails.  Our servers - Christian and Ronnie - were really awesome to speak with and were extremely knowledgeable.  They recommended some great drinks based on the type of alcohol I enjoy, and the balance of flavor I was looking for.  The appetizers were phenomenal (we had the meatballs and muscles) and then enjoyed the salmon and new strip for our entrees.  We then topped it all off with their doughnut dessert with caramel and cream cheese dipping sauces - so freaking good.  Aside from the great food, the ambiance and excellent service from Christian and Ronnie really made the experience.  It has an old-school lounge feel and apparently has an awesome late night happy hour starting at midnight.  Definitely take the chance to check this place out if you're looking for some great drinks and food outside of the strip.
4	It was good service from the second we arrived and it was almost a full house. The portions were a little smaller but form happy hour specials they were bigger than most places. We both had the fillet and it was prepared excellently. The chocolate chip cookie desert is made fresh per order and worth the 10 min wait!
1	This establishment looks very appealing.. Ambience is nice, but their business would probably benefit by putting the correct closing weekday hours on their website. My boyfriend and I drove all the way from mountains edge to catch their late happy hour (12-3a) but unfortunately we arrived to find out that last call is at 145am, not 3.
5	Pushy on the drinks, but after midnight you can't find a better place in town for steaks. I've had every whiskey drink under the sun there and have never been disappointed. The porterhouse is great and the truffle fries are seasoned to perfection.
4	It's my second time visited this place like this place hip and trendy for chill out, good food came late night happy hrs, server was ok try to understand our server kind of lil bit busy with the crowd at night!
5	I question giving this place 5 stars because I don't want to make it impossible for us to get a reservation. . One of the most important things for me is consistency and they have showed us that time and time again.  Amazing steaks, cocktails and apps.  Happy hour is a must and luckily we live 2 miles away.  Calamari is crunchy but not chewy. Meatballs are flavorful and always order extra bread to clean the plate.  Steaks are the best in town. And a must are the donuts!!! Just try them and you will understand. Great classic place.
5	I can't count how many times I have been here? I can't believe I'm just now writing a review?! My bad! This is the best local spot ever! From the outside it seems like a dive bar. You walk in and it has good music and a dark setting. Super chill dive bar vibe with 5 star food! The menu doesn't match the spot at all! The drinks are specially mixed and themed during the prohibition era! Super good and super clever setting. I highly recommend his spot!!!
4	You step in off Sahara Avenue. It's late afternoon, 5:30 pm. The stark contrast between daylight and the darkness in Herbs & Rye temporarily hurts the eyes and causes you to see total darkness for a few seconds after the door shuts quietly behind you, escorting you into a lush experience as your eyes adjust to the light levels and you see the colorful yet subdued sprawling bar and restaurant. Dark woods, candlelight, think old Vegas, where the locals might hang out. Or those who go for a menu that is more drink than meal. Definitely more substance than fluff.Happy hour is from 5-8 pm (and I think 12-3 am) with half off most cuts of beef and 50% off house wines and a few other things. The house wine (Dark Horse) was very good for a by-the-glass reasonable option and I had two glasses. My husband had a glass of champagne and thought it a bit sweet - he would have ordered more had there been a larger selection and a definitive brut.My husband loved his steak, the 18 oz ribeye. It was so big he took half of it to go and it was done so perfectly that he was able to reheat it and it was still mildly medium rare the next day for lunch. Touche!I am a vegetarian but I looked at the menu before we arrived and I knew what I'd order: tomato bisque soup and the brussels sprouts. The soup was spectacular and the sprouts were delicious.We will be back the next time we are in Vegas!
5	Fantastic place! Hope to go again soon. Love the 1920's prohibition vibe in there. It's dark, with small output chandeliers, and felt wall paper. I feel like I'm no longer in Vegas and instead I'm in a place that talks about its mob culture. The mob made money off bringing alcohol, then they built Vegas. It was the places that looked like this that made Vegas what it is. I had the rib eye which was seasoned so perfectly. Came out a perfect medium rare. I ate the whole thing, came with a side of truffle fries that had just a nice hint of garlic, not too much like most places. The calamari was a must. I would recommend it over most Italian places. It was a great presentation too.The cocktails were so fun. I was trying to hit all the different eras of cocktails but I was starting to feel pretty good by the fourth set, there's a total of seven I believe.Can't wait to go again, and impress more friends with this place!
5	I've been here many times and the drinks are excellent! They do not skimp on the alcohol either. The food is delicious and they have steaks on happy hour. The staff is always friendly and attentive. Nice 1920's ambiance. I will keep coming back!
3	I LOVE this place, suggest it to all my friends and come here at LEAST once a month.. I always have mark as my bartender and he is AMAZING!!  I just recently met JOJO and he comes off kinda rude.  He keeps slamming the bar with his hand, telling people to finish their drinks and asking guys if they need straws in their drinks... It just seems like he wants attention... And giving the fact that this bar has class and sticks to classic feel/drinks... He tends to give off a not so classy feel
2	Sadly, I won't be returning to Herbs and Rye.My favorite waiter, Ronnie, informed me the last time I was there that the new manager has instituted a very high corkage policy that is nothing short of punitive.Given that this restaurant has a very limited, not to mention mediocre, wine selection, punishing wine collectors like me is a breathtakingly stupid policy.Here's a math lesson for this boy-wonder manager, who will no doubt be managing an Arby's in the future:Fair corkage in a restaurant should be the cost of the lowest-priced glass of wine on the menu....which is what I had. That means the restaurant made a few dollars on the sale. If they had charged me the same as that glass of wine to open my bottle, let's say $12, that would have been pure profit....and they wouldn't have lost a customer. So stupid.
5	Gothic/vamp inspired theme. I had the filet mignion with garlic mashed potatoes and a few cocktails. My hot date had the ribeye steak with the mushrooms which were uhmazing! And I don't even like mushrooms. Lulz. As far as the cocktails go I had the diabla which was a tequila cocktail and a jack rose which was whiskey based. Both were very strong and tasty but I preferred the Jack rose. Enjoy! it was a great steak place!
5	I've read multiple write ups on this restaurant and decided to check it out. I STRONGLY suggest reservations as the place as it is always packed. Called a week in advance to make a reservation and it was some how lost. The hostess did some magic and with a small wait at the bar was able to get us seated. I cannot rave enough about the cocktails. We tried 4 different drinks and fell madly in love with them all. The steak is mouth watering and came out perfectly cooked. Ronnie was an attentive waiter and offered great service. We will definitely be back again and again.
2	Decent steak prices... pushy service.This place in the in the hood.  It looks ghetto from the outside but actually very nice inside.  We had reservations at 5:30 and their Happy Hour is 5-8, however, nobody was being let in and nobody from the restaurant was telling the growing crowd what was going on, which was beyond frustrating.  There were delivery people trying to get in but they wouldn't let them either.  They finally opened the doors at 6pm and checked in.#NOTE;   If you want a booth... you have to reserve it while you're making the reservation.  Who knew?  You'd think with the 1,000 questions the staff asks you while ordering, this would have been something they would have mentioned... but I guess it's not an 'add on', they don't care.We got seated and IMMEDIATELY, "What kind of cocktails can I get you?"  I mean, as we were sitting down and not even looking at the menu yet.  We asked for a minute and literally got a minute, "Decided on some cocktails yet?"  Geez-us.  We asked for water for now and she was clearly upset.  Like, relax with the pushiness, we'll friggin' order cocktails.  Then she came back again, like a minute late and we finally got something without looking, not knowing what "Happy Hour" entailed.  I ordered a Riesling, my friend's boyfriend got a Stella... neither was a Happy Hour price, as we hadn't really had a chance to look things over yet.  So, their Happy Hour... the 'big draw' are the steaks.  It's crazy how they're listing them around $40-$48 a cut, like this is a top tier steakhouse on the strip... pretty laughable actually.  However, you get "half off"... bringing the price to EXACTLY being slightly overpriced.  It got a NY Strip... there was some gristle here and there, not the best cut of beef, not the worst... just like a typical steak you'd get at a super market.  Clearly it wasn't aged (which sounds 'snooty', but for the $40ish price point, you expect that).  There are TWO wines on the "Happy Hour" list and very mediocre ones.  I just had the Reisling, which was good.    Now, here's the kick in the balls... the "bacon."  When we're ordering, the waitress kept asking, "With bacon?"  Does it come with it?  Dunno... "Um, sure."  Like idiots, we got it all around, not realizing how much extra it was.  $3!!!  She didn't mention it would be more but you assume it's like $1 or something.  So, we got bacon on the fries, the mashed potatoes, etc.  Guess what that $3 gets you... um, literally, ONE SLICE OF BACON.  ONE.  Uno.  "A" slice of bacon... placed on top of the fries.  The hell are you going to do with that!?  Chop it up and hide how cheap you are, at least!    Anyway... the side.  Very average.  The mac and cheese sucks, very bland, almost chalky. Fries are okay but the cheese isn't melted - it's just room temperature cheese thrown on some fries... with a slice of bacon curled up, laying on top. Brussel sprouts are shockingly good. Mashed potatoes are good. This place was just a huge letdown.  The pushiness of the "upsells" from the waitress combined with the lackluster sides, the average cuts of the steaks, not being let in (and no explanation), and everything else just kinda blew it for us.
2	The atmosphere, specialty drinks and (most of) the food were great. However, one aspect of the experience left much to be desired: the service. We waited and waited for our drinks, some of which just needed to be poured out of a bottle. Turns out they forgot half of our order. They even assured us once our twice that it was on its way; erroneously. Then they offered to comp our drinks but it still took 20 minutes to deliver after that. It gets better. Somewhere between the register and the table our friend's card was misplaced. We searched and searched without any help of the staff only to find out that the bartender had it the whole time. I've written this entire review in the establishment while we're still waiting for our check. It's been 20 minutes. We've been here for 3 hours. Ugh. Seriously, this place needs an entire new Thursday night staff.
4	Cool spot to take a date. Cross between a 20s era speakeasy and a hipster type joint. Food was excellent and the prices weren't too bad. Try the donuts for dessert :) The music was just right. Not too loud and easy to eat / drink by. Service was also attentive, but not overly bothersome. Definitely a locals spot worth checking out.Located in a slightly rough area. Be observant when you are in the parking lot.
4	Great place for a nice kickback dinner. The salmon and steak were awesome. Will definitely be back for happy hour when even those awesome steaks are half off!!!
4	Great HH!! Half off steaks..... Yes, steaks!! Drinks are old school prohibition style drinks made properly! Food was very good and although a little pricey, worth the price!! Drinks do take a while to get out and if the bar is full service is iffy but worth the wait.
4	My boyfriend and I invent reasons to come here. The main reason is usually their cheesy broccoli, among other dishes they make. Also, Moscow Mules. Theirs are delightful. As a cutesy couple who likes to snuggle up in a booth, share all our food and drinks, and get just a little tipsy. This place is just perfect. The food is surprisingly good, several of the items on their menu have become things I CRAVE. It's great for dates, for girls night, when you've got a friend from out of town, whatever reason you can think of... Get here, you'll enjoy it and you can thank me later.
5	Not sure about the bad reviews.  The service and food were both outstanding.  Mark the bar tender was very friendly and fun just to watch.  Even just ordering drinks and watching them make the over 30 or so old fashion cocktails is reason enough to go check it out.  Also the steak was amazing and during happy hour its half off steaks and drinks!
4	I was here with my sister and her pharmacy school friends a couple nights ago and was overall quite pleased with my experience. We originally made a reservation for 10 but we must have miscounted because we actually had 12 people in our party. What should've been an easy fix (adding a couple chairs and place settings) took about fifteen minutes and my sister overheard the waiters whispering to each other about making us wait longer since we inconvenienced them. Very uncool. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was that it was very VERY dim. It took a while for my eyes to adjust, but I guess it added to the ambiance. The service was a little slow but the food was quite good. Since we had a party of more than 8, we were told to order appetizers and share them family style which would cost each of us $8. We agreed to it and were not disappointed. We got margherita flatbread, meatballs, calamari, and caprese salad. For my entree I ordered a flat iron and it was cooked perfectly and tasted great. I ordered truffle fries for my side and the portion was huge. So even though the steak was a little pricey, I feel like I pretty much paid for two. We made happy hour thanks to our waiter who disclosed to us that we should order our entrees quickly before it ended. This meant that all of the steak entrees were half off which is a pretty great deal. At the very end, our waiter brought out free desserts for us which brings them up to four stars despite the questionable service at the beginning.
4	Really enjoy the style of this place- a fun speakeasy prohibition style vibe! Their drink menu is awesome- full of flare with variety, they also have a full service bar with lots of options! Excellent food! Attentive service!Definitely a place worth checking out!
5	One of my girlfriends who moved to Vegas about a year ago wanted to take me out on a dinner date. Rather than perusing through Yelp, I opted for her to call the shots on where to take me. Now that's a rare occasion since more often than not, I do the cuisine-suggesting. The change was definitely nice and made for a few pleasant surprises.She picked me up from MGM and took the backroads, clearly well off the strip to a local hang out called Herbs & Rye. Upon entering, you definitely are taken aback by how dark it is in there. Seriously, your eyes don't quite fully adjust until you are seated. We got there in the early evening and it was starting to get packed. Fortunately, my girl made reservations and we were situated in one of their awesome booths facing the bar. You don't have pages and pages of menu to peruse through. Their offerings are simple and to the point, no frills here. Don't get me wrong, just because the menu isn't laced with words you can't pronounce or ingredients you've never seen, doesn't mean quality has been sacrificed. On the contrary, the seem to use products of utmost quality with particular attention to the entree's final outcome.We had  a wonderful server, I'd like to say his name was Richard though I'm no longer sure. He was warm without being overbearing, made us laugh a little and suggested deliciously buttery chardonnay for me. BTW happy hour is awesome here, but many of their dishes, yes even the steaks at 50% off!We ordered:Carpaccio - i have never had carpaccio before and this was just amazing. I would order this again in a heartbeatNew York Strip - We added bacon and oh my was that a thick cut piece of pork! They prepared it medium rare and seasoned just rightTruffle Mac n Cheese - Although not too truffle-y, this mac n cheese was still a hitSweet Potato Tots - We got this with the marshmallow crust. heaven in your mouth. geez.Mind you they have a very impressive selection of cocktails as well.We skipped dessert this particular time since we were going somewhere else for our sweet treats. Regardless, our meal was fantastic and kudos to the folks at Herbs & Rye for the stellar experience.
3	The food was very pricy and if your ready to spend that much go!The service was good, he was that typical waiter, doesn't want to come to the table to much. I order the Pork and fig, it was super delicious, but I, as a cook myself, have never cooked a pork as rare as I had it. I couldn't really tell because the lighting was really dark, but the next I'm completely sick!!! I have never had to actually order the TEMP of pork before! If someone does not want it well done they say so! But the only reason I'm suffering right now is because I gave them the benefit of the doubt and believed in the cooks!IF YOU ORDER THE PORK MAKE SURE YOU TELL THEM A TEMP TO!! because apparently it's a new thing to cook them medium RARE!! My boyfriend got the strip steak which he order rare and was perfectly cooked!My girl friend got the salmon. I tried as well it was delicious.They both loved the mash potatoes!For dessert, they had home-made doughnuts with two different sauces, a white coconut and a delicious buttery caramel. Me and my girl friend over stuffed our faces with dessert!"I could of skipped dinner and just had that dessert!" - we all said.The alcohol selection was fantastic! I've tried scotch for the first time. I don't prefer it, but it was so cool, the one mix drink they have with scotch, they hold an orange peel over the alcohol and light the top on fire. SUPER cool.The atmosphere was beautiful, the lighting kept changing in the middle of our dinner, which was weird. My girl friend that took me loves this place for the scotch, it's not my scene, but for someone that likes really good aged alcohol will love this place.
5	Happy hour is amazing...but honestly at full price dinner and drinks here are still a bargain anybody that disagrees is a negative yelper and refuses to be happy to pay for quality, the passion behind the bar menu and behind the bar itself is rare to see with such little spotlight or reward....they have one goal and that to impress and make you happy mission accomplished...the first bartender we had was probly my favorite he had moved here from California...and his on the spot mixology based on flavor and spirit preference was rare nowadays...I haven't seen him since not sure if he is still there or have just missed his shifts
3	great prohibition-y vibe with an extensive menu of cocktails, but the actual cocktails don't live up to the rep this place puts forward. Service was super lackluster.  Came at about 6:30 on a weekday and waited probably an hour to get our food. When I asked the waiter if our food was coming soon, he had the gall to ask, "Do you have to be somewhere? Is there a certain time you need to leave by" So..... if I said 8, would you wait til a half hr before to get me my food? What kills me, was that it wasn't even busy... other reviews might talk about the waiters running around with their heads cut off, but it was not even busy. 3 stars for the amazing deal on steaks (got a kansas flat iron for 14$... really not bad) but there are virtually not HH drink deals (all 13$), and the other food was very average and expensive. I.e., flatbread - bruschetta style -- very mediocre $15 Mac and Cheese, --only plus was the truffle flavor, but otherwise nothign special Prosciutto penna pasta -- a whopping 22$ and it did not knock my socks off. We asked the bartender (i think the owner) to make 3 different cocktails and he could not get it right... for a place that touts such an expansive list, you'd think he could make 1 well balanced cocktail, but he didn't really know what he was doing.  To his credit, was a nice guy, so 3 stars for that and the food)
4	The food was just awesome.  The 5 of tried 3 different steaks and 5 different sides and we loved everything.  The steaks were perfectly cooked.  My favorite sides were the jalepeno cream corn and the brussel sprouts....so flavorful.  Also loved the sweet potato tots and asparagus. The waitress was sweet and her service very good.  My hubby and i had 2 huge steaks and 2 sides for under 60 bucks.  The only disappointment was that we had 5:00 reservations,  (as well as several other patrons),  and we all stood in the 105 degree heat for 15 minutes because they didn't open the doors until 5:15 (even though a sign on the front clearly says happy hour is 5:00-8:00.) When they finally opened the door there was no apology from the hostess, and she didn't even hold the door open.  She just opened it then closed it on everyone.  Despite the bad initial impression,  we will go back for the food.  We will just be sure to go after 5:15.
5	Love going to this place during happy hour.  Their macaroni and cheese is phenomenal!  Moscow mules are made perfectly every time.  I'd give it a 5, but the last time we were there, our food took a very long time.  Some of it must have been forgotten about it, because some meals were dried out, probably from sitting under a heat lamp in the kitchen.  Manager made it up to us with a round of shots of our choice :-)  Definitely will go back again.  Hard pressed to find another spot to grab a late dinner that is so affordable and tasty,
5	Great atmosphere ! Bartender was great. Defiantly coming back. Spent many years contemplating  trying the place out. Only regret not doing it sooner.
1	Great food, good drinks and really cool environment. Reason for the 1 star was the horrible horrible wait staff. Everything he could have done wrong as a waiter he did & paved the way with apologies.. Don't say sorry, just be better at your job. Otherwise, I enjoyed the king Kong and a variety of cocktails. I may go back, but never on a Thursday at midnight again
4	Quite possibly the best steak I've ever had. The truffle mac and cheese was good. But not a great compliment to the steak. The broccoli with cheese and the whipped garlic mashed were both amazing and complimented my steak perfectly. The rib-eye is the only way to go. Perfectly seared on the outside and perfect pink on the inside. When you order medium, medium is what you get. For 3 of us, during happy hour, with 1 cocktail, came to about $150.
5	Had the flat iron steak with the herbs and rye house rub... so good! The reason we went here was for the truffle mac and cheese, i'd have to say the jalapeno corn was way better. Our server was awesome & super polite :) She had a beautiful name that I forgot! but it was very unique, i want to say it started with an X... Wed night last week. She had great recommendations and took time explaining the menu thoroughly. Def will return and suggest to friends.
4	Food was incredible.  My only complaint was the service was nearly non-existent, and I also didn't care for the waiter asking me to pay my bill so he could go home even though we still hadn't been served drinks.  Had it not been for the service, I would have definitely given a five star rating.
4	I've heard a lot about their cocktails and have been meaning to make a visit for the longest time but for some reason only remembered on Sundays which is when they're closed. I finally was able to visit last night around midnight ! It looks like just a bar on the outside, so driving by if you've never heard about this place, you wouldn't think it was anything special. But people, enough about it's "in the ghetto". North-town, Twain/Maryland Parkway, Boulder Highway, MLK/Charleston, THAT'S ghetto. Sahara/Valley View? Not the best but come on, not ghetto. Let's not get crazy.Soo anyways, the inside, kind of vampirey and a little dark, it takes your eyes some time to adjust but they have mini flashlights you can request. Oh and bring your glasses, goodness I felt like an old lady trying to read the super small lettering on the menu lol. There was lots of seating and at the time we came, not busy even though happy hour was going on (12-3). Happy hour was half off some steaks included with a side. Sounds like a great deal but my boyfriend and I didn't want something too heavy so we'll try it next time especially since everyone around us was taking advantage of that great deal and it looked delicious!Onto the drinks! Oh my goodness, soo good, AMAZING. After my first drink, Weekend at the Walfdorf, which is a fruity rum based drink, I made part of my life's goal to try all the drinks on their menu Lol. Next I had the infamous Moscow Mule that I've heard soo much about. The best I've had. Perfect amount of fizzyness and Ginger. Yummy!! I'll take a liter for home please Lol. My boyfriend had the Ramos Gin Fizz and it was another amazing drink especially if you love Gin. It had a lemon tang to it and frothed egg whites. If you're from San Fran, my boyfriend said the quality of drinks were very similar to Burritt Room & Tavern in Union Square.Next, the food. Carpaccio was flavorful and I always like when restaurants serve an argula salad on top, so really good. I wish there was a little more capers though. Very comparable to carpaccios I've had on the strip. The Pork & Figs we shared was large and really delicious as well. I loved the sauce and figs, and the mashed potatoes. The pork was not as tender as I liked it to be but the Gorgonzola on top made up for that. I could definitely see myself craving this dish. Now let's talk about their amazing donuts. Wow. First of all, I think there's like a dozen mini donuts & holes sugar coated and was served super soft and warm. Definitely enough for four people! But since they're soo addicting, two people could easily demolish these even with a full belly. It came with two sauces, I forgot the names but it seemed like a white chocolate and caramel. Lick your fingers good Lol. I just really wish that this place had a higher quality feel to match the great quality and pricing of the food and drinks they serve! You can still look prohibitiony and sleek at the same time! Lol The service was good and friendly, drinks took a little long but they are hand crafted cocktails! The poor bartenders even had to froth up egg whites for one of our drinks! Lmao I will definitely be back for their happy hour steak special and their drinks!! :)
2	Unfriendly staff. Overpriced food. Dark as hell inside. Some of the food was fairly good, I'll admit... (Like the bruschetta flatbread, the calamari, the sliders and the carpaccio) but not for the price at all. Only thing probably worth it would be the happy hour on the steaks, where they're half off. What I cannot get over, is that we asked if we could have two separate tables put on one check. Flat out no. We tried getting tables literally next to each other. Still no. Unless the tables were physically touching, they wouldn't put it on the same bill. This made no sense. I've heard of issues separating a bill, but this had me seriously laughing. Oh, and my "the farmer" flatbread came out SO burnt, it's ridiculous. It was almost inedible. Rock hard, completely black on the bottom... the cheese was so overdone it wasn't even white anymore! When I complained and had it returned, I was basically sneered at. We ended up spending $500+ but good service couldn't even be provided. Amazing. Overall, horrible experience. Money not well spent. Next time we are looking for a happy hour, I'll opt for a place with happier employees!PS, the linguini is one of the only dishes on the happy hour menu for a reason. It sucks!
4	I've been here quite a few times now for happy hour and, yes, I am a bonafide FAN! I looooove their dirty martinis here.  I dare say I have yet to find a place in Vegas that has tickled my vodka martini fancy in comparison.  And then half off happy hour steaks?!? You just can't beat that.  Might I suggest the truffle mac and cheese and the garlic mashed potatoes? They just might save your life.   You're welcome :) Also, the staff ain't half bad.  Pretty nice service each and every time :)
5	Love this place.... Great energy, tasty food, love goes into every cocktail and it's worth the wait. The staff is always on point and happy to give amazing service.
2	Hmmm not sure how i would feel about this place. Thanks god we went there during happy hour because i would be sad paying full price for the quality of foods they serve there. We ordered new york strip, clams linguini and their famous moscow mule. The steak had no flavor. The linguini tasted old. The clams of course werent fresh. Their moscow mule was a moscow mule.
3	Herbs and Rye is an interesting bar spot amongst its area. The interior serves a 1920's style theme. They're known for their steaks here but I personally didn't find it all that amazing. We ordered the truffle mac n cheese, the carpaccio, the ny ribeye, and to drink I got the pisco sour. The pisco sour was pretty good, with a good mixture amount of alcohol in it to keep me satisfied haha. The steak wasn't all too amazing in my opinion though, we ordered it medium rare, but it was still very plain tasting, tough, and chewy. It was more of a well done cooked steak. The truffle mac n cheese was okay as well but again I didn't feel it was anything special, the carpaccio was also decent but still no fireworks. Over all the prices are a little expensive considering I really didn't feel anything amazing from this place in terms of its food. Our waiter was extremely nice though which made up for it, he was knowledgeable about the drinks and menu and even offered us some nice suggestions we might like base on our taste. I wouldn't mind coming back here as a nice lounge around spot to bar hop for drinks if I am in the mood for a Chicago style prohibition atmosphere bar, but if someone asks me where I want to eat at in the future, unfortunately Herbs and Rye doesn't seem to be the first name that will come to mind.
4	I have visited on a couple occasions and really enjoyed it each time. Our last visit was with some family and friends in town visiting and everyone left more than satisfied. If you're looking for unique, well-made cocktails then this is a must visit. They have broken down the various drinks by historical time period and the menu provides a little description of how the drink got its name. Almost everyone took advantage of the happy hour, half price steaks. One of the filets was a bit under-cooked, but for the most part they were spot on. All the sides we ordered were great, but the truffle mac and cheese was a table favorite. I can't say enough about the "Farmer" flat bread pizza - bacon, spinach, and a cracked egg. This is something you just have to try in order to understand how delicious it really is. Dessert was almost certainly out of the question until the server started to describe them. We ordered their version of the pizooki as well as the homemade doughnuts. The entire table thought they had died and gone to heaven after finishing these desserts. Save room!Another satisfying and enjoyable experience. Great food, solid drinks and a unique atmosphere away from the hustle and bustle of the touristy Strip.
2	I have been wanting to try this place for quite some time since I have heard amazing things about their food and drinks. I finally talked the boyfriend into it for their happy hour. First of all, there is hardly anything on the happy hour. 2 wines and a few well cocktails. Of course we wanted to try their famous cocktails which were not on the happy hour. They were $11-$13 each. We ordered Moscow mules and they were tasty. There also isn't very much food on the happy hour unless you're there for steaks which are 50% off but even at that discount are still pretty pricy. I am a vegetarian and when we mentioned there weren't many vegetarian options the bartender said "nope there sure isn't". Now I am a server and am always trying to accommodate vegetarians, vegans, gluten free etc and always have a few great suggestions to throw out. This guy wasn't even trying. Without his help we found some options. We ordered a caprese salad which was amazing, a Mediterranean flatbread, also tasty, and the truffle Mac n cheese which was bland and not very truffley. But overall the food and drinks were very good. My biggest complaint was the service. Now granted we sat at the bar and ordered apps and drinks but the 2 bartenders really seemed to not care about us at all. They never checked on us and we were constantly trying to get their attention so we could order. When we finally did they acted like we were an inconvenience. At one point we had been waiting forever for the check and we needed to get going and so my boyfriend after finally flagging down the bartender handed him his credit card and asked politely if he could please run it for the tab. The bartender grabbed his card and threw it on the back bar and then walked away. We then waited another 10 mins for him to process it. It was very rude. Our total for 2 people was $90 and we had 2 drinks each and those few food items I mentioned. Incredibly overpriced and poor service? Needless to say we won't be returning.
4	Great atmosphere!  Definitely a place to bring and impress a date.  Let's start with the food.  The beef and chorizo meatball appetizer was amazing.  I would have made love to.them if my date didn't wolf them down so fast!  Savory and delicious, the goat cheese was perfect with them.  Ordered steaks of course.  The add on options are great but my Bone In KC was not a great cut.  Much to fatty.  On the other hand, my date got the filet and it would melt in your mouth.  Don't ever get the whipped garlic mash.  Awful.  Just tasted like cheap instant, disappointing.  Drinks?  Oh mama!  Great cocktail menu.  Be brave and branch out or just order a Moscow mule (my favorite).  Bartenders here are obviously pros so be patient, these aren't gin and tonics.Finally, service was great.  Sever was knowledgeable, helpful and attentive.  We came at a busy time but he still made us feel welcome.  Love this joint.
4	Came here for my birthday with a friend. Parking is a pain, it is REALLY dark and the service was ok. Lots of reviews mention it's in a bad part of town. I would say an older part of town but not bad. Price wise, a little high for the area but this is Vegas.Service was an little lacking. She was helpful but super busy and didn't check back enough for my standards. I hate having an empty drink glass!! And I also hate when water is poured all over the table while refilling glasses and not cleaned up!!Food was amazing!! We had the bone-in strip and a filet, the broccoli with cheddar, mashed potatoes, and truffle mac and cheese. All delicious. Tried three cocktails, all delicious. Make sure you ask about flavors if you're not familiar with the the ingredients. Some are very strange!!
5	My boyfriend and I love H&R.  Their carpaccio is insane!  I love their classic drinks too.  We get the steak with chimichuri!  We have had the same waitress twice Xia, who is gorgeous and friendly.  We go back when we can and usually order the same things.  :-)
5	This place is actually better than it looks from the outside. This restaurant bar is different from any other restaurant in Las Vegas. The menu times are very creative and the staff is very nice and professional. The drinks are different and awesome. The stake is hands down the best stake I've had in town. Leave some room for dessert and have donuts with white chocolate and caramel! Highly recommend this for a group of friends or simply a date!!!
1	If you order a well drink like bourbon on the rocks. They charge you $2 for the rocks and $5 for the well drink. When the we'll drink is $5. But if you order buffalo trace on the rocks they charge you $15 for the drink but no $2 charge for the rocks? Could someone explain this to me? (Manager from herbs and rye) I'm confused that you would charge for rocks on one drink and not the other. This place will nickel and dime you for the drinks you order there.
5	Awesome place! Classic cocktails, the best Gibson I have ever had! The bartenders are friendly, and all the mixers are homemade. The food is excellent and the happy hour is half off. I take all my friends from out of town here. Truly classic vegas.
4	This place is a hidden gem for locals, its dark its sexy. They have been making upgrades to the place and have amazing cocktails. Big dishes in pasta and flat breads. Escape to a hole in the wall place
5	A diamond in the rough.  Not the greatest location in town, but OMG the food and choice of cocktails are out of this world. It's like stepping back into the 20s or 30s when you get there.  The cocktail choices are eye watering.  Then there is the food. We had several item from the menu but I feel the  Caccuccio was the star of the show.  I reminded me of the some of the better restaurants  I have eaten in when in Europe.  I will be back.
5	Off the beaten path but well worth the trip. When you walk into this place you immediately feel like you're taken back in time.  The wait staff is top notch. I can't stress point enough. From the moment the manager greets you to when you pay the bill and walk out they are there when you need them and out of sight when you don't.    Dinner consisted of the following: Drinks - 2 Moscow Mules, 1 glass of red to accompaniment my Ribeye.Starters - Clams and tuna tartare Dinner - Ribeye with truffle mac and cheese.
1	Came here on a date. Food was awesome drinks rocked, server was awesome but the bartender was an asshole. The girls drink came, stank like someone puked in it and there was bits floating around, the server smelled it and gave an odd look stating he will get another. For 10 minutes the server and bartender began conversing about the drink and the bartender sipped it till it was all gone. The server stated to the bartender he's starring at me just make another drink. He didn't. So I got up, threw the receipt book with $20 tip inside and walked out. He shouted Oh ill make you another, I replied, STICK IT.In my opinion, the bartenders an asshole, failed to make another drink and when I was walking out the door offered. It doesn't take over 10 minutes to make a drink, especially when you finished the whole thing.
5	This place is incredible. The happy hour cannot be beat - half off steaks!? I'm sold. The ambience is offbeat and unique which I loved even though it took a little while for my eyes to get adjusted to the darkness. It's a perfect place for a date night and it won't hurt your bank account.I've never been disappointed coming here. Everything is so flavorful and the owner is super friendly and nice. Make sure to try their calamari, it's the best calamari dish I've ever had!
5	This place is AMAZING! It was by far one of the best meals I have ever had. We went during happy hour, when all of their steaks are 50%. I had the filet with their brussel sprouts. It was SO good. They have a wide variety of hand-crafted cocktails, some of them have strange ingredients but they taste so good! Can't wait to go back!
5	Their food is very consistent. Got the rib eye once and always truffle mac and cheese. Truffle mac and cheese never disappoints and rib eye was delicious. Prepared perfectly and my friend's was as well!
5	My absolute favorite hang out spot! Great service every single time & not to mention the food is always on point. Mark is my favorite bartender, he always knows what I want to drink :)I can't live without the flat iron steak & the Brussels sprouts!
4	A way overdue review for this dark but unique lively bar n grill. Want to enjoy a fabulous steak dinner at half price during happy hour?? Herbs n Rye is the place.  Known for it's unique mixed drinks, the food can't be beat. May I suggest the creamy truffle mac n cheese and to polish off your steak dinner, have the warm melt in your mouth, freshly made sugar donuts with the yummy caramel and the delectable vanilla dipping sauce!! Oh my, my!!! :D On a side note: Parking can be a challenge during peak hours, due to small lot. Minus one star...
4	Stumbled upon this place while I was driving around for a place to eat dinner. I noticed the parking lot was full so decided to pull in and find a parking spot which took a while BC the lot was full. I made it in just before HH ended so I took advantage of the discounted beverages. I sat in the dinning room which dark but I noticed this place is definitely a locals joint. I Started off with a wedge salad that didn't disappoint followed by the 12 oz bone in Kansas City steak and side of truffle mac & cheese. The steak was tender, juicy and the mac & cheese was solid. Overall a good dinner with cordial service from my waitress at a reasonable price.
5	This is one of the more popular local gems for Vegas locals. They have an AMAZING happy hour discount, and their food and classic and specialty cocktails are always on point. love love love.
3	I've been here twice only. I really had nothing to say the first time around (just my friend and I) except that it took forever and a day to get our check.The majority of the review here will be for the second experience (tonight). It was a fairly large group -- a group of 12 for a birthday dinner.When making the reservation for the large party, they tell you you need to order appetizers to start off. However, they didn't enforce this when we were there, FYI.Most of us ordered steaks because of happy hour half off. I personally got the flat iron (medium rare and $14 due to HH) with a side of asparagus (comes with a side).I enjoyed my food. No complaints at all there. However, as a party, service wasn't as expected. We asked for splits check when we were ordering -- she said okay. Well, that was easy, for such a large group.When the food finally came out (mind you, it was really long since there were so many of us), one of us didn't get his steak. Apparently they made a mistake and made it well done instead of medium rare (though, when it did finally come out, it was medium). That issue was resolved in the end as he got his steak comped.She forgot about splitting checks only to come back 10 minutes later to tell us we can't do split checks and we just simply have to tell her how much to charge on each credit card. Bah. That was a good pain in the butt because somehow we were short $10 and it was just such a huge headache. They did give us a small treat at the end (not sure what kind of donuts they were? beignets?) for the birthday boy.Manager was nice and easy to work with but I guess just the system of doing things was not a pleasant experience. The food was a much better experience for me this time around. So, try their steaks! Maybe not at full price, but happy hour -- why not?
1	Was here last night with a large group for a birthday party. It was my second time here and at first I was excited to be back based on my experience the first time around. I was shocked to find customer service and quality control so horrendous this second time around! Long story short, this place has totally gone downhill and I likely won't be back. I wouldn't recommend anyone waste their time coming here either unless you want your food to come out an hour late and then take a half hour at the end to pay your group's tab!Rachel and I got here about 40 min before our party's reservation so we decided to sit at the bar for some drinks and salad as an appetizer. After being greeted by the bartender we didn't see him again for another 15 min and sat around waiting for our order to be taken. What bartender doesn't ask for a drink order right away?After everyone placed their orders we proceeded to wait about 45-50 min before any of food even came out. I was wondering if it was even going to come out at all! When our food arrived they brought everyone's except Roger's with no explanation of any kind...it was almost like the forgot that he had ordered anything. When this was brought to the server's attention she checked on it and came back to inform us that they had just "fired it up" and that it would "be out shortly" with no further explanation of what happened to the original order, nor an apology. About 10-15 min passes before the server returns to inform us that Roger's steak would be out soon and that they had overcooked the original one. Funny how they would wait to tell us this instead of being up front about it...I call bs!When Roger's steak finally came it was overcooked and not cooked medium rare like ordered. How hard is it for a steak restaurant to not overcook 2 steaks in a row?! After this debacle they still wanted to charge us for his steak at first and then decided not to in the end...I'm sure they heard that we were all Yelpers lol! But seriously this place is ridiculous. No updates on your food and no service whatsoever. It's almost like they don't care if their customers are happy or not, and we definitely were not.At the end of the night we attempted to settle our table's tab. We had asked the server at the beginning of the meal to split our tabs, however, at the end of the meal she told us that this wasn't possible. WTF! Why didn't you just tell us that in the first place? The manager came out to explain that it was against store policy to split checks of groups with 6 or more people...Ok, so it's possible...you're just not going to do it? Who says that? Especially after the crap service we just endured? It was a debacle trying to figure out the tab due to this and they had to run about a dozen cards separately. I almost wanted our group just to leave because the servers didn't know what was going on, except that they couldn't split the tab. If it wasn't for the manager coming out to handle the situation I'm pretty sure it would've taken longer than 30 min to figure this out and I would've just left. I don't have the patience or time to deal with crap like this. Get your shit together or don't run business! We were also pissed to see a 20% auto gratuity which is bs because they deserve nothingSave your time and your money and avoid this place. There are so many other steak places here in Vegas and there's really nothing special about this one. Steaks after overpriced just so they can do a "happy hour" 50% deal and even then the appetizers are $15, sides are $7 and sauces are $3.50 for such a crap place that's not even fancy at all.
1	I have passed by this place multiple times because my friend used to work at a restaurant close by. I have also wanted to try it, epecially since they do have HH! However, I'm not a steak fan nor do I spend tons of money eating out.  I had the perfect opportunity to go the other day for my friend's birthday. I got there exactly at 6 which was the reservation time. The waitress was very friendly as she asked us if we wanted any cocktails or appetizers (I get it, it's her job to upsell and ask.) However, we were still waiting on the rest of our late party.  Finally everyone arrived. My friend ordered the beef carpaccio which had balsamic vinegarette, and tasted sour. It had arugula on top. I loved the veggies, but not the sour taste of the dressing. We ordered our food at approximately 6:30, and did not receive it until past 7:11. I get it. We were a large party (we had 12 people). My friend asked for extra bread. The waitress said she would put it in right away. We did not get it until my other friend asked 40 minutes later. Now, I'm not a steak fan, so I can't give too much opinion on my steak. When our food arrived, she gave me brussel sprouts instead of the truffle mac and cheese that I had ordered. The waitress did fix that mistake and bring me mac and cheese. Someone in our party did not receive his steak. There were issues with that which you can read in other reviews.  Half of the steak was medium rare and the other half was medium. I had ordered medium. My steak was COLD! As though it had been sitting there for a while. Maybe it was because I ordered mine medium and everyone else ordered theirs medium rare, so they cooked mine first and let it sit? I don't know.  The mac and cheese was nice and hot, but it just made my steak seem super cold. They cleared our table  and gave each person a small plate and said it was for dessert since it was a birthday. Our waitress brought out the check and gave it to the birthday boy. Uh... we asked for separate checks.  10 min later she came back and said we can't do separate checks.  So we would have to calculate the price with tax and gratuity and tell them how much to put on each card. What a HUGE inconvenience.  The manager came up to us and was told us that he would take care of us to get us out. UH... YEA that's what we were trying to do... You guys had your strict regulation of not splitting checks. You think I wanted to sit there and ponder over how much I owed. I felt that was super rude of him because I felt like he was wanted to get us out of there and just get rid of us.  The dessert finally came out, and it was beignets that I read in other reviews that they received complimentary. They didn't even give us enough for everyone in the party, and why did they even need to give us plates?  Plus it took FOREVERRRR!  Like, it was free, so I shouldn't really complain, but it came right as the manager came over to say that he was going to "take care of us." Something weird, when eating the appetizer, I didn't use my silverware, so when the waitress brought out the steak knives and forks, she took my napkin and silverware. Was she going to reuse? I didn't think much of it at the time, but I didn't have a napkin. Why the heck would you take mine?!? I'm not a fan of steak to ever come here again after the horrible service I had. The food was okay, but again steak is not my thing. I spent $18. I could have made my own steak and mac and cheese for way less and not experienced that.
4	Good cocktails, good food, good service. My husband got a very, very respectable Old Fashioned. We drink these every night... no, seriously, EVERY night, which means that we've had Old Fashioned at cocktail bars all over the country. We're a tough crowd and we'd probably rank this a 7.5. Good, good stuff. I had an excellent cocktail but, of course, forgot the name. We got the bisteca flatbread and some fries to share. Fries: Good. Flatbread: Very good. Service was friendly, prompt, and helpful. We are at the bar and the bartenders took good care of us, even throwing a couple of drinks our way when the entire bar was toasting a birthday girl, and we were the odd men out. How cool! We did have some trouble with the bill, which took a couple iterations to get right, but they were very sweet, apologetic, and accommodating. Nobody's perfect and, quite frankly, I dealt with something similar at another establishment earlier that day, which was not dealt with with nearly the same humility and helpfulness--so I was happy and charmed. In all, we really had a great night. The best part, really, was the warmth of the whole staff. My husband's family lives on the same side of town, and we are frequently looking for a late-night joint to escape to after his folks go to bed. This place definitely tops the list. We can't wait to come back.  The cocktail list looks like a blast and I'm looking forward to many joyful samplings.
1	Being in the industry I've heard about herbs and rye pretty often. My husband and I decided to try it out after work today and I am so bummed out we wasted money. I'm sure the bartenders are really knowledgable the menu is very impressive. But the service over at the tables was just awful. My cocktail came out with lipstick all over the rim so right away everything felt dirty. The flatbread was so salty and then the server forgot to put in the rest of our order. :( I've never written a bad yelp before I feel bad but I'd never come back even when my coworkers come.
5	Best classic cocktails in town. Be patient they take time. Food is good. Ambiance is perfect
5	Don't judge a book by its cover. This is a great and reasonably priced dinner. We were in Vegas on vacation and tired of the prices on the strip. This is a must try. Some recommendations are the Mussels, Caprese salad and almost all steaks are half price during happy hour.
4	Happy hour steaks! The steaks are a bit pricey but I feel you get what you pay for. I'm giving this place 4 stars only because every time I go I feel I have to ask for the bread basket multiple times, after awhile it just gets annoying and when it's finally brought out you just don't want it, same goes for when asking for steak sauce or chimichurri. Overall great place for happy hour steak.
4	This is a funky, super sexy, yummy place!We ended up here by complete accident! And what a great accident it was.Walking into the place you are immediately hit with a dark and sexy room.It has this awesome "secret locals only place" vibe. Large bright cocktails, dim lights and candles and a soft buzz of conversation throughout. It felt good!We were a larger groups and decided to split a "slab o' meat" for the table.With a ton of delicious sides like brussels sprouts, garlic mashed, etc.We went classic. But everything was really tasty! The service was perfect!With an array of fun and funky cocktails.We loved it!
5	I love this place. The drinks are so tasty and the bartenders really know what they're doing. It's a great place to check out great classic cocktails. Its nice and dark and intimate inside so its a great date spot. Not to mention, happy hour is half off steaks and it really doesn't get any better than that.
5	Definitely an awesome place to get a great steak at a fair price. The Filet Mignon just melts in your mouth. The drinks are awesome as well go see Mark the bartender, he provides great recommendations and is knowledgeable about the drinks.
4	Found that place on yelp and decide to try it as it was the only thing open. Good choice! Nice place with a nice atmosphere. The food is real good and different from what you find everywhere! I'll definitely go again!
5	The food here is really delicious! The decor is fantastic, and the service was exceptional. Had a wonderful birthday dinner with complementary shots of fernet branca and fresh made doughnuts! We will be back, this is my new favorite place.
1	Went here last week with a group from work. The service was less to to be desired. When we spoke to the manager/co-owner took care a an issue we had but by that time the rest of our party left. We will not be back and I would not recommend going out of your way to go to the bar. There are other bars in the area that are 100x better in food and service.
4	When traveling, I always like to try and find one of the local places off the main drag. A friend of mine who lives in Vegas met me for dinner while on a trip. We headed away from the strip to Herbs & Rye.. a place that my friend had heard of and wanted to visit.Pulling up, I had to tell myself that outside appearances are often deceiving. We parked outside the rather plain building and walked into a beautiful restaurant. After my eyes adjusted to the super low light level, I saw exposed brick walls accented with deep shades of red splashed throughout the place.We made a reservation on OpenTable and were seated immediately after checking in with the hostess. She gave us a choice of sitting at a table in the bar area, or a seat in the main dining room. We chose to sit in the dining room so we could chat. With only 6 or so tables, it was perfect to carry on a conversation.I was really looking forward to a drink after reading the reviews on Yelp and seeing the photos other reviewers had added. A killer headache kept me to water only, but I definitely had drink envy when the party next to me started getting drinks. The menu was smaller than I expected. Steaks make up most of the main course options along with few pasta dishes, but they do have starters, salads and flatbreads.Our server came over and welcomed us, and let us know since we arrived before their 8am Happy Hour ended, all of the items marked with stars were half off. This definitely changed my mind, and I went for the 8oz flatiron steak with a side of asparagus. Normally $28, I got it half off for $14. Not too bad.. and definitely cheaper than I could have found anywhere on the strip. I will say my first choice in sides was Brussel Sprouts, but they were deep fried, which turned me off of them. Most of the sides were deep fried, and when it came to healthier side items, the menu definitely was lacking.The steak came out perfect. Seasoned only with salt and pepper, my medium steak was juicy and absolutely delicious. I felt bad not being able to eat it all.The asparagus, on the other hand, could have been better. It was served in a small cast iron skillet and had been overcooked to the point of almost losing all of its beautiful green color. It was mushy and swimming in butter and had absolutely no bite to it at all. Perhaps I should have stuck to something in season... or perhaps it shouldn't be on the menu if it's not fresh.Aside from the asparagus, everything else was spot on. The steak was delicious. The service was impeccable, and my water glass was always full (and I drank about a gallon of water). Definitely worth checking out if you're looking for a place off the strip for a night out.
4	This is one of the better cocktail bars I have been to in Las Vegas. From the outside I was nervous at first but once inside I was quickly reassured. There wine selection was fair, and food all looked delicious. I only had the opportunity to try the mussels but am looking forward to finding an excuse soon so I can sample a few more things. The bar tender was fairly attentive. Overall I was very happy with my first experience.
1	Unfortunately I heard how great this place was, but never got to experience it. There was a buyout at the time. I probably would have waited, but the hostess was such a BI@TCH I wouldn't stay. I will also never be back.
4	Herbs and rye is a great place with an old school vibe to it. The dim lighting and old tunes creates an ambiance similar to the prohibition era. The place is pricey, but their happy hours offer 50% off several menu items including the steaks which makes this place very affordable. I would recommend the porterhouse or rib eye steaks to quench your appetite. So come on down and bring your friends.
4	I have a tendency to always come for happy hour - everyday 5-8pm and 12pm-close. It's awesome because you can get a steak and one side for half off! Even though its happy hour, the quality of the food doesn't go down. The atmosphere inside is very reminiscent of an old Western movie. Make sure to get a mint julep! It's really strong and one usually does the trick for me. Just make sure to make a reservation before you go to avoid waiting if you're going for happy hour. There was this one time I went around 650-7 but wasn't seated til 8ish and got charged full price, because we ordered after 8.
5	I have no word to describe how great the food, drinks and service was!!!! Besides that they opened 15 mins late everything was awesome! We had the calamari for an appetizer was to die for! We got a NY strip with garlic mashed and a flat bread both were so good!!
4	Came here last night and I have heard a lot about this place! I am a huge fan of open table and last night I was looking to make a reservation and did just that once I saw that at the specific timeframe I was looking for was awarding 1,000 pts! Once arrived were were greeted by at first the bartender and then the host finally arrived and seated us! The service was great! The ambiance of the place is definitely a bit dark/romantic I guess? But I literally had to use the light on my phone to read the menu! Ordered the hot wings for an appetizer and the Salmon dish for the main dish! The food was nothing short of amazing! I can alway appreciate a Well prepared Salmon dish! I will return one of these days so I can see how good the steaks are! Oh and the last word cocktail was very refreshing ;-)
5	This place is awesome!  Make sure you go during happy hour; you won't be disappointed!  My wife and I took our children there at 630 on Saturday night and were surprised when we got our check and was half off!   This is the first restaurant we've been to in a long time where I was content with the amount we spent.
4	Had dinner last night with some friends.  Flatbread and truffle fries are life changers.  Do yourself a favor and order the warm chocolate cookie for dessert.  If you're watching your waistline, skip out.  Enjoy!
1	I would have given them 3 stars because service was very good and atmosphere was nice. Meatballs were great. Fig and pork dinner was good and pasta was good. Drinks tasted like kool-aid. But I dropped it to one star because the seafood dish was so bad. The kitchen sink seafood medley smelled and tasted bad .... And the person who ate it got food poisoning.
5	We live nearby.  We always wondered why there were so many cars in the parking lot because the neighborhood is not known for foodie establishments.  Went there tonight and the mystery is solved.  Great vibe, quite with good soft music.  Good service.  Hip and classic.   Fabulous hand crafted cocktails and classic steakhouse menu with fine ingredients and imagination.
5	Amazing drinks here and if you hit the happy hour, even more amazing prices on food.  Four of us shared the 60oz. ribeye and it was only $95!!!  And the meatballs...even my Italian grandmother would love them.  Wonderful experience here, would go back ANYTIME!
2	Not their best showing. Waitress left a LOT to be desired. Had to ask for a 2nd beer two times and never got it. Asked for bread 3 times. No go! Medium steaks are apparently red and mushy in the middle. Don't ask for a deviation from the menu, won't happen. All told, very disappointed. I'll give it or more shot, MAYBE, but would never recommend it based on this trip. Sorry.
5	Had the best experience enjoying cocktails and dinner at Herbs & Rye. For on out-of-towner, this was an excellent stop to see a part of Vegas you don't get on the strip. Fantastic, expertly crafted cocktails from some very friendly bartenders. And the food was top-notch, too.
4	I came to Herbs and Rye couple of times. The outside looks rough but the inside is elegant. It has a beautiful bar and a dining room. It is very dark once you step in from the bright sunlight. The drink menu is great and if you go during happy hour from 5-8pm I believe there is half off drinks and steak. The first time we went there I didn't know it was so dark inside as I had made plans to play a game which involves writing. The second time I went there with a group, they had drinks which costs $12 the bartender did not mention anything about the happy hour drink.
1	I won't be back...I was meeting a party of about 7 for a Birthday dinner tonight...Our party members arrived within 10 minutes of eachother but we were not allowed to sit at our table. There were no bar  stools available so I placed my purse on a nearby table. A waiter (male,brunnette) came by with a "Reserved" sign, placed it on the table and tells me (with attitude) the table is reserved..moments later we are seated and I planned to order a salad (separate tab).  I explained to our waiter  (same guy) that I needed a separate tab because I have another engagement...the waiter tells me there will be 'one tab, and the only thing I need to be concerned with is how I was going to pay him."  At that point I decided I would just not eat and decided to check our order...to my surprise the waiter added my salad without my consent. He hastily removed it when questioned. Upon exiting, I made a trip to the restroom...I found it  dirty including a bloody tampon in the toilet....eeeewwwuuu!!!  I  live nearby this establishment and won't return here...Bottom line..Nasty place, Nasty Service.
4	I have been visiting this place here and there for years! Even when it was called the venetian. It's been awhile since I have had any food from there, but from I remember the happy hours were legit, good deals. As for my last visit, they have been slowly turning this place into a really nice whiskey bar. Although yes the whiskey drinks are expensive! You could easily get a beer for $5. Had a few different drinks Moscow Mule, Airport, something Sang... Real good! This would also be a good spot to take a lady on a nice intimate date.
4	Holy moly....My friends decided to bring me here for happy hour/dinner. The food was fantastic! I had the filet with blue cheese crusted bacon. Omg delicious! Cooked to perfection, and the bacon and blue cheese were just the right touch. Happy hour is amazing here, it's half off steaks! How can you beat that!? The well drinks are also only $5.00 during happy hour, and they have a bottle of red, and a bottle of white that are half off as well. The only complaint that I would have is that the service is a teeny bit slow. My husband ordered a beer which the server forgot to bring, and when he finally remembered my husband was half way through his meal and decided not to have it any more. I don't fully blame the server since I feel it was only him and one other person serving tables, and it was busy. Other than the few minor mishaps, all was well! I will definitely be returning!
3	I've been several times & always forgot to write a review... It should get 5 stars because of the fantabulous mixology & 1/2 price wonderful steaks (during both happy hours, I usually end up after midnight,) but the service has ALWAYS been atrocious! If you sit at the bar, it's better, but I usually go with a group of people & we need a booth or table. It's always 15-30 minutes just for drinks & on top of that the waitstaff NEVER writes down orders, so something is ALWAYS wrong! Sometimes a drink is forgotten or the steaks are cooked wrong or the side item is wrong... It's always something & it's frustrating since you wait so long just to get these items, then forever again to get them corrected! They also never take anything off the bill to compensate you for all the trouble; it's just the way they do business. People just have to expect that & choose to go or not since it has such great drinks & food...
5	I usually don't give away 5 stars, but this place takes the cake.Second time visiting Herbs & Rye over a period of 4 or so months, and it does not disappoint. Even the bartender remembered our names after visiting one time (we did not think we were very memorable or do anything out of the ordinary, they are just that good). The cocktails are unique, and come in an extensive variety. I like that they break down cocktails by time period too. Second time that I ordered the Mediterranean flatbread and probably won't stop there. The pesto and the goat cheese are to die for on this one.
5	Oh What A Night!  Don't be deceived by the looks of this building ... it may look like a dive, but once inside you will be transported to a time and space where friendly service, specialty craft drinks and great food are are just a thought away.  Don't be surprised if you recieve a small history lesson about a drink that you may request ~ these guys take the art of mixology to new heights.  Consider joining them between 5 & 7 for their amazing 50% steaks and selected items on their menu.  Take a walk off the Las Vegas Strip and experience Herb & Rye!
3	This was my third time here. We went as a group of 8 friends. The previous two times I was there with a group of 6, and then on a date with my wife. Those two times were very good. This latest time, our group waited for over an hour to receive our food. Two of the steaks were not cooked as ordered. The waiter did try and right things by giving us a free dessert at the end of our meal. Their Happy Hour makes it extremely tempting to go back, this last experience does not.   Also, wear a jacket, they do not keep it warm in there.
4	I give it 4 stars because its a great place to eat, bit pricey but if you go during happy hour its worth it. There is a very wide selection of drinks. The place is pretty awesome, like from the prohibition days. Drinks are priced around $10-15 for their specialty drinks. We had steaks, steaks were delicious and the bread and butter were amazing. For dessert we had the donuts... those was delicious!  I gave it 1 less star because we had reservations for 7:30 and we showed up 15 mins till. They werent ready to seat us so we decided to wait at the bar. When going to the bar we noticed multiple spaces open and asked if we could sit there. They said no you must will till 7:30pm. So we waited at the bar. Next to the bar we noticed some seats that had signs saying they were reserved. 7:30pm comes around and waitress goes to seat us.. sure enough its at the spots that said reserved! Why couldnt they seat us prior? So inconvenient. But at least the food made up for the poor first impression.
3	This is an updated review...the last 2 times I was here, the meat quality seems to have gone down. In addition, the service was very slow and not very good. The Cesar salad is still one of the best I have had, but the steaks don't really justify the price anymore. The home made donuts are still great. the seating is cramped and tables too small if you want to order a bunch of food family style. For this type of price range I now prefer Echo & Rig for off strip steak houses.
5	If you find yourself near the corner of Sahara and Valley View be sure to give this gem a try. Old school handcrafted cocktails with proper spirits and natural ingredients will lighten your mood and the food will nourish your soul. During happy hour all steaks are half price (which makes them reasonable). The 24oz porter house will melt in your mouth ($30 during happy hour). I also highly recommend adding the bacon and blue cheese crust for another $6.50. How do you make meat better? Duh, add more meat! This isn't just bacon, it's 2 quarter inch thick slabs of amazing covered in melted blue cheese! For dessert how about a skillet of fresh baked chocolate chip cookies covered in ice cream? Yeah, I thought so. 4 cocktails, 2 entrees, a side and dessert came to $90. That's a bargain for how good everything was. Highly recommend this place!
5	How on earth have I not reviewed this gem! Do not be fooled by outward appearances.  It is very unassuming but once you get inside, it is a beautiful steakhouse.  They have not one but TWO happy hours!  My friend and I come here to spoil ourselves.  $30 each for a nice steak a side and glass of wine. They have a fantastic wine list and a steak to please everyone.  They will cook it any temperature you want...including gag..blue :)  But if that's what you like, you can find it here!  Be naughty and get the cookie sundae.  Ooey gooey chocolate chip cookies covered in creamy vanilla ice cream.  You're welcome.
5	Oooh myyyy!!! This place was incredible! Prohibition era...it was such am amazing experience. I absolutely loved everything a out it. The service was excellent. The options of drinks was amazing and so different. They are all very unique not something you can just get anywhere. They have  happy hour where some of the things on the menu were half off including the 18 ounce ribeye which was phenomenal!!  Sides are ala carte. We had the mushrooms, truffle Mac n cheese,garlic spinach, garlic potatoes, broccoli and cheese, 3 different deserts and several appetizers. Everything was to die for!! You will not be disappointed!!!
5	Commonly known as the "clubhouse" to many local frequenters, Herbs & Rye has become a Las Vegas favorite for a reason. Extensive cocktail list arranged chronologically by eras of mixology keeps return visits fun while you accustom to your own personal favorites. There are two experiences available here; both unique in their own way. Sit across from the barman (Mark and Adam will keep you smiling while sippin) to get a personal look at the expertly crafted recipes while witnessing the energy and passion. Sit at a table and receive an upscale but casual steak house experience comfortable for anyone (Christian and Deb are personally recommended). Both experiences are worth trying depending on your occasion. My favorites are the Aviation cocktail and Flat iron steak, medium rare with a blue cheese crust accompanied by truffle fries and button mushrooms. Clubhouse meeting adjourned!
4	Super fun place for drinks.  If this review was based on cocktails alone it would be a higher rating.  That being said,  the food is good but not amazing.  It is a little steep for the food you actually get. The ambience on the other hand is lovely. Very dark and intimate, giving it a very 20's speak easy feel.  The bartenders strike the perfect balance of being interactive but not nosy. The servers we have had are also lovely. After several rounds of drinks and shared plates we were sent a digestif  which was nice. Definitely a place we will return to if we are hosting friends,  but not a contender to be a regular stop.
3	Loved the service , the bar was full all night , and I like the unique cocktail options from the early days. We had the Cobb salad, calamari, and flatbread for a private party. I can't wait to try the other food on the menu as well as the rest of their very strong drinks!
5	Awesome drinks and food.Ordered a couple drinks from the prohibition selection all were super yummy.FoodBeing a vegetarian it's a little limiting. But just order a bunch of sidesButton mushrooms -yummyGarlic spinach-  awesome Crispy truffle fries- awesome Sweet potato tater tots- okTruffle Mac and cheese- weak, watered down. Def pass on it. Friend of mine order the the filet sliders- said it was really good. Service was very good and attentive. Good vibes and decor about the place.Def recommend. Def coming back.
4	Very disappointed  in our visit last night.  The drinks were lesser quality, made by bartenders I didnt recognize from prior visits to Herbs & Rye.  My group had 11 cocktails  and 9 were just slightly off making the drink a little harsh to swallow.  We are cocktail  people and travel to places like tails of the cocktail  in new orleans for cocktails and this was the worst sazerac I've ever had.  My group of 4 agreed that the drinks were  not up to our expectations of a Herbs and Rye cocktail.  Secondly, the steaks were filled with fat and 1 with way too much gristle. We had amazing steaks in our past visits  to Herbs and Rye and this visits quality was very disappointing for our whole group. I known that ribeyes are marbled with fat but this was excessive.   Don't believe gristle about the size of a tennis ball should be found in the middle of a New York steak.Third, we all were so disappointed to walk in and hear Michael Jackson,  stevie wonder and other 70's soulR & B being played.  We are use to the electro swing, jazzy lounge style of music they played all other times we have been there. Herbs & Rye has a great lounge feel / atmosphere. Playing the wrong style of music for its decor didn't make sense and to not hear the great lounge swing style of music was disappointing.It altered the feel of this great restaurant and bar.After about $300, we had to sadly leave.  We ended up finishing the night at a different cocktail bar. We were very disappointed and discussed  our sadness over cocktails later that night and over breakfast the next day.  I sure hope management won't ruin this amazing place.  We recommend  it to everyone that will listen and after last night, I'm afraid to recommend it.Last night was 3/5 @ bestAll past visits 5/5.   WILL BE BACK AGAIN BUT hoping our favorite bar just had a bad night.  The music COMPLETELY changed the vibe of this lounge for the worse!!!!!!!!
1	I have been to Herbs & Rye before, but my experience the other night has ruined the establishment for me. We ordered the a flatbread and the carpaccio, both were very good, but the service was terrible! We received the check and noticed that our server, Jeremy, had added an automatic gratuity on our bill. We were a party of 2! Apparently, he was afraid that because we look young we were not going to tip him? I, myself, am a server and have NEVER tipped less than 20%. I have also never added an automatic gratuity on a party less than 6 people. In addition, Jeremy never came back to pick up the payment. We waited 20 minutes before I had to ask one of the bartenders to please help me cash out the check, knowing it was not his job. I was extremely insulted by Jeremy's lack of customer service. I will never return to Herbs & Rye because of this server.
4	First off, the food here definitely deserves a 5/5. The one star deduction comes from the service. I kept hearing about this place, and finally decided to try it out. I was told to definitely go for the happy hour - and everybody was right (half-off all well drinks, almost all steaks and some seafood). With that said, try one of their craft cocktails; there are easily 50 to choose from. For the quality and flavor, $11 is a steal. My dinner partner liked the spicy mussels we ordered as an appetizer, but I found them to be a bit heavy handed on the oregano. We ordered the NY strip and a filet mignon, asparagus, Mac and cheese, garlic mashed potatoes and the brussel sprouts with honey swine - and not a bite disappointed. Absolutely stellar food. The chef even came around and asked several tables if everything was to their liking. Very personable, and a nice touch. My only complaint was the service. Our server was sometimes hard to find, and incredibly slow bringing drinks. They were busy, but given the relatively small size of the venue, there's no way it took the bartender 15 minutes to pour two glasses of wine. We ordered as soon as we were served dinner (would have ordered before, but the waiter was nowhere to be seen) and had to stop eating halfway through so we could have some food left to enjoy with the wine. I will definitely be back (can't beat $128 for phenomenal steaks, sides, 4 drinks and an appetizer), with fingers crossed for a better server.
4	You walk in and it looks like you're in a murder mystery. Cool, dark, red velvet patterned wallpaper with dark brown and black accents, very dim lighting, and old-school black upholstered booths. Service: spot on. Nice, pleasant and to the point. Always accessible. Food: 14oz New York Strip with truffle Mac n cheese. My only "beef" withy the steak was a little too much fat and gristle. Otherwise, it was seared just about right and had perfect pepper and salt seasoning. Great taste. Probably the most notable part of this dining experience was that the steak was half off. That's right - half off during Happy Hour - 5-8pm. So I enjoyed a nice $36 NY cut for $18. That might've been the best $18 NY cut I've ever had. I enjoyed this dining experience. If the NY was a little leaner I would've given 5/5. But 4/5 is good. I'll definitely return to try the other Meat Methods
4	Great place to eat. The atmosphere is really cool and the music is awesome. The food and drinks were tasty. The dessert was not so ok, but the rest of the meal was great.
1	I will never patronize this establishment again I was there this past week end terrible service waited 40 minutes to get a drink -- then because I ordered top shelf liquor I was charged a sir charge of 2,50 for something called a prep fee the most ass A nine thing I ever heard of -- a charge  which the bar couldn't even explain -- price gouging in short a scam -- I suggest you Run in the other direction
5	I've had the good fortune to eat at some of the best restaurants in the world and would disagree strongly with those who would call this restaurant average or "overrated". This place is right there with the best of the best and quite deserving. If you're worried about portions, you can neither understand nor appreciate this kind of cuisine. I love the Cheesecake Factory and my local diner, and when I'm concerned with portion size, I go to those places. Herbs & Rye is about a culinary experience.
3	Went here tonight for happy hour and dinner for the first time.  Cocktail list is extensive but the food is mediocre.  Their happy hour menu only includes but half prices on food and wines only.  Their appetizers we're great.  For the main course, I had a flank steak, which turned out to be very salty.  The restaurant is trying to be cool and artsy with its lighting but it just feels badly lit.  Parking here is also very small.  I would only come back for the appetizers and drinks - that's it.
