3	alright, so I came here for dinner 'cause it was fast (but not fast food), didn't require a reservation, and didn't require the spending of an arm and a leg for some famous chef's Vegas outpost that has never actually been visited by said chef.  (Besides, most of them are from SF, anyway, so it's not like I can't get it at home!)Dinner was passable -- it's chain food, and it served its purpose.  The rosemary cornbread is yummy.  The ribs are pretty good (but I'm not a connoisseur), and the fried chicken was crisp on the outside, tender on the inside.  Beers are only available by the bottle, oddly enough.  Dinner for the two of us cost about the same that it would have to go to a buffet, and at least the food was freshly made for us, so you can't beat that.
4	I had an ok meal here when some friends of mine were playing.a gig here.  The food was ok.  The venue, the staff here are all first rate.  Thanks again.
3	http://www.hob.com/venues/clubvenues/lasvegas/dining.aspNot only has blues concerts at night but the cajun creole food is great.  Ribs , steak, chicken, jambalaya, gumbo and fried catfish.  I loved the sides like mashed sweet potatoes and rosemary cornbread.  Pricey.  The inside is dark with voodoo and bayou vibe to it.
5	My five star experience was seeing Jurassic 5 here!  I can't speak for the food, the bar, or anything else.  Just the fact that this is a fantastic place to see live music.  Small, intimate venue with great acoustics.  Keep in mind that shows start right on time when it's all ages, which is why we missed a large part of the show (which was a huge bummer, but my own fault). The sadness of missing most of the show was quickly washed away when my two friends and I were invited backstage and got to chat up Akil, Soup, and Chali 2Na of J5!  I swear, they must be the most grounded, friendly hip hop artists on the planet!  What an amazing night!Thanks, House of Blues, for hosting J5 this week!  They are some of the best performers I have ever seen....totally exceeded my already high expectations!
3	Love the place....Love the Southern flair  - the food, the decor the vibe. Nice place for a gumbo or a jambalaya or several round of beer before sweating it all out at the nearby Rumjungle.
4	As a music venue, the House of Blues makes up for the spectacular crapfest that the Joint at the Hard Rock is and I'm so glad it's made its way to Vegas.  I've seen countless acts here over the years.  The HOB is always quite good at booking more popular bands and then, every once in a while, they'll book someone I never thought would play Vegas and I just flip my wig.  Most of the time, the ticket prices are very reasonable ($20 - $30, including all fees) and they allow artists to sell their own tickets which is a lot more pleasant than dealing with big ticket sellers.Drinks are pricey, but not as much so as other venues.  The sound is consistently good.  The levels in the general admission area make it possible to have a good view from just about anywhere.  I'm always checking the HOB site to see what shows are coming up.  It's a delight to see artists in this space.
4	I got a pretty darn good fillet mignon here - tender, perfectly cooked, lightly but well seasoned - with a pretty good bottle of wine for a surprisingly good price considering it's in the Mandalay Bay in Vegas. The service was alright but the fake roadhouse ambiance didn't do much for me.
3	Ok so I've been to a few concerts here....One thing I don't like. Grey Goose Rocks....12 dollars. Yea....plastic ware and Vodka...eh....Just put me in the backyard of Jorge Lugo's house - have his mom make tamales, and kool aid in the plastic container. Yea that is just not classy. One thing that sucks...it's downstairs. So if you don't take the elevator. People are bottlenecked and herded in. 2nd sucky thing. Kids are smelly....Boys especially. So going to a rock concert. gross...smelly....sweaty...boys...who think they're hard core and they like to mosh. One thing about me....I'm a tank. Myke Smash. Yea I rock out. But I would rather you not smash your face onto my fist. It's just weird. Overall - it's ok - I've been here when it was great. But I've been to some hot smelly crappy concerts here too. I gotta knock it for drink prices and presentation. I also knock it for having cheap concerts that attract hooligans and hoodrats with their shenanigans....Whoa...that's the whitest I've sounded all day....
3	Ok first off let's get past the fact that I'm knocking on 30's death door and still going to see bands like My Chemical Romance, where the core audience is teens. Look at me kiddies, I'm old enough to drink, and I have a beer! Wooooooo ahhhhhhhhh.This location seems like the slimier, dirtier, slutty sister of the Disney infused Anaheim location. There is only one level at this one, due in part I'm sure, to the fact that it's in Mandalay Bay. However, there are 3 full bars at all corners of the stage, and a sunken in dance, GA floor.There was this one time, not in band camp, where my BFF and I were having a drunken girl's night with a stop here. Oh wowwie, after downing some shots to try and forget the fact that a couple in their late 50's wanted to have a "party" with us, we ended up on stage doing the African Ant Eater Ritual dance from "Can't Buy Me Love". You remember that movie right? The one with McDreamy, before he went all, dreamy
2	The day after partying, 14 dehydrated drunks waited 20 minutes to get water. The cup of gumble was horrible but the burger was good. Probably not going back their for awhile.
5	OK. This is a karaoke review. This is just  for the HOB Rock Star  "karaoke" night. Monday nights.If you are a karaoke addict AND you happen to be in Vegas in the *quieter* part of the week (Monday), you gotta try this one! It's "karaoke" in the sense that you have a monitor that scrolls the lyrics for you to sing. But your accompaniment is *not* a CD soundtrack, it's a live punk rock band! (a guitar player, bass player, and a drummer-- and they're pretty good too). You stand on the 4 foot stage or the 8 foot stage (depending on if you're in the upstairs or downstairs room that night) with real spot lights, smoke and fog machines, and guys who really know what they're doing running the giant House of Blues sound panel to make you sound better than you ever thought possible. There's been a lively crowd despite the late hours each time I've gone.Down side is a limited song selection and they can't do key changes up or down from the standard version of any song, but you should be able to find one or two songs in your range, then you can go ascend the stage and be a rock star singing on the very same spot where some pampered *millionaire* rock star sang the night before (or even the hour before) in the House of Blues!It's definitely a different experience doing "Copacabana" with a punk rock drummer...but it works just fine! (in fact a little more spirited than usual) The night I did that I got a roomfull of real-estate conventioneers bouncing around the place in a conga line. Stuck around for a while to listen to the others. Everyone was sounding pretty good that night. Despite their intimidating punk appearance the band is really good at vocally backing singers who hit a patch of song that they have trouble carrying.
3	This is where the night's DYL activities officially began.  I'm saying officially because you know we all started pickling our livers within an hour of getting off the plane.Broken up into three seperate sections, you can either catch show in the main concert hall, a smaller more intimate performance in a cafe type setting, or grab a bite and drink in the restaurant bar.  Our only option for this night was the restaurant/bar.Nothing really to write home about as far as the bar aspect of this place.  They have a medium sized bar at the very back of the restaurant.  With not a whole lot of bar area seating we squeezed ourselves into a couple booths as close to the bar as possible.  I think they were kind of miffed that we weren't there to have dinner, although we did order some bites to eat while drinking.  If they had any clue what they had sitting in their establishment they would have made a killing on drinks that night.But they didn't so we had a few drinks, waited for the stragglers to join us, then headed to the next DYL stop of the night.
5	Just saw Bayside at the House of Blues, and I have to say, this place never lets me down! The drinks are a bit pricey, but not over the top. The kids are too "scenester-ish" but not enough to handle. The concerts are always amazing. I like this venue because this is the first and last time I will ever say this, but I enjoy the segregation. The young kids have their floor space, while us older folk (I'm only 22, but I feel like a granny when I see twelve year olds with more tattoos than my trucker grandpa) can hang by the three bar areas and enjoy a much better view. I also enjoy the fact that on those rare occasions that I can't see the stage, I can just look up at the various tv screens and watch from there for a while. The sound is always perfect, and there is a pretty cool vibe. The only concert I was bummed about was Ashlee Simpson a while back, but not because of anything wrong with the HOB...because it was Ashlee Simpson.
4	My mother always insists that we eat here when she is in town. I'm always hesitant to go, and then end up licking my plate as if I hadn't seen fried chicken before.They have these catfish things that they fry and give you little shoestring sweet potato fries with them. So yummy!I order the fried chicken because I'm of the mind that if you eat at a southern inspired place, you eat the native things. It is always surprisingly good. Would I order a Cesar salad here? No, but the things that they specialize in are gooooooood!!
3	We ended our Saturday night here after dancing the night away at J-Pop Lounge just down the way. The had a live act which plays every Saturday night called Boogie Nights and it was fun. Only downside was having to deal with the second hand smoke of the idiots near the entrance seeing as it was nearly impossible avoiding their fumes. Some people have no respect for others.
4	I'm a lazy person of habit.  So it should not be surprising that during my last stay at Mandalay Bay, I ate breakfast at the House of Blues every morning.However, its convenient location and familiarity are not the only things that kept me comeing back.  Quite simply, their breakfast food is AWESOME.  They serve the best bacon I have ever tasted.  And that's not hyperbole....... it was so good that just thinking about it makes me salivate.They also make a damn good waffle.  And my boyfriend was impressed that they serve 4-egg, rather than 3-egg, omelets.  Their prices are reasonable for Vegas standards (our tab was usually around $26, except for the morning when I ordered four servings of bacon).  And the service is good.I don't know if I'd make a trip down here if I were staying further down the strip, but if you're in the area, it's a good bet.
5	I have been to the House of Blues on 3 occasions, and I have never been dissapointed. Last weekend I went to the nightclub to see the 80's cover band "Spazmatics" for a friend's bachelorette party...The bands schtick is that they dress like nerds from the 80's, and they put on an amazing show, it was awesome! The band was great, I was dancing the whole time, the place has a really good atmosphere. We called and were put on the VIP list (the only way to go) so we had to buy a bottle of alcohol and we got a place to chill if we got tired. I liked the crowd, they weren't pretentious, and not too trendy. I would highly recommend this place if you want a cool place to dance, drink, hangout. It's a good mix of people, young, older, I danced with all kinds of people. Love it!
4	I do love the three sections of this place.  The restaurant (has the usual HOB food), the bar area/stage and the main concert hall.  A while back, they had "Rock and Roll Karoeke" where a house band would play live, while singers got up and sang their selected tunes.  It was excellent!  Have gone to a couple of concerts in the main concert hall and had a fantastic time.
3	I had the awkward situation of going to Vegas with my husband, my recently-divorced dad, and his new girlfriend.  His girlfriend likes to dance, with is fine with me, so we went here because this is the "discotheque" she liked last time they came to Vegas.  It's House of Blues.  You know... it's more of a concert venue than really a club, but whatever.  I was exhausted, but we still stood in line about 30 minutes to get in.  Right before we got in, the girls in front of us handed free passes to my dad and his girlfriend.  So they got to get in for free, dang it, and we had to pay $25.  I was kind of pissed about this, because I could have just easily danced to Montell Jordan outside the club as in, but after a few minutes, a band started to pay called the Spazmatics (spelling?)The Spazmatics really made the night a lot better.  They were four guys pretending to be super nerdy.  Boris, the Czech-exchange student on the bass, wore exceedingly embarrassing tight little shorts with his white oxford/sweater vest/bowtie.  Others had slightly larger shorts, but had weird glasses or sweatbands instead.  So funny.  The were an 80s cover band, and the singer was surprisingly versatile, and the band had some really hilarious banter between songs stemming from the nerdy costumes and personas.  They never broke character, insisting we say "HECK YEAH" when we liked a song so we didn't "have to put a dollar in the swear jar."  I'm glad HOB booked these guys, because they saved my quickly-starting-to-suck-night!
4	We went to the VH1 Rock Honor Awards  after party  which I believe was in the VIP area - so not sure about the typical crowd or main area but it was a fun venue.  The bartenders and servers were incredibly friendly, the music was great, the food decent and unusual, fun, new drinks were served.   I'd definitely go back.
5	This place is my favorite place in Vegas.. I  go for the food and the drinks as the service is always fast and excellent. Sat most at the bar and drank electric lemonade and please try the Cornbread and maple butter as its just ACE..
4	Was in the Foundation Room for a private party. An interesting, cozy space--not to say that it's small, but it has a nearly like-home feel with its fireplace and intimate seating. Balcony boasts a lovely view, though it was rather crowded and not quite so enjoyable when I was there. Looked like they had several smaller rooms as well, perhaps for intimate dinners and such. Drinks were fine, hors d'oeuvres and sweets were tasty, and service was absolutely excellent, generous and friendly.
4	An all in one experience.  It's the House of Blues.The House of Blues is best known for being a concert hall, but you can get a bite to eat or down a few cold ones all the same.  I've seen Boogie Nights (a bitchin' 70's cover band) here and it was a blast.  The floor is spacious and can accomodate hundreds.  Opposite the stage is a bar and a couple of levels for people to hand out and watch if they don't want to be in the middle of the crowd.  However, some of the watching space, especially right in the middle in front of the bar, is for VIP seating.  Drinks are typical Vegas pricing.  You are inside the Mandalay Bay after all.On a separate occasion I grabbed lunch at the restaurant.  It's in a portion totally apart from the concert hall.  Mix of booth and table seating.  I got a burger and beer.  Quality of food and service is good, but nothing extraordinary.  Set me back around 15 bucks, so you're not breaking the bank by any means.  It's also family friendly place.
4	Great atmosphere with music rocking round the clock. Took the kids and my sitter there for lunch. I enjoyed a shrimp ceaser salad and their signature corn bread with maple butter, yum yum! My kids both had Chef salads and their portions were very large and great for little fingers. The service was great, no complaints there. They got us a quite corner with view of the restaurant the casino so lots to look at while enjoying some good food.
3	I saw Thievery Corporation here during the Vegoose festival over Halloween weekend.  It's a pretty small venue which is nice because you have a close view of the stage from almost anywhere in the place (I always like to see what they're doing), but it also gets really crowded and is almost impossible to move around.  Overall, just okay.  Not bad acoustics.  I like the multi-level set-up.  I would recommend making it to the upper-level on the far side opposite the entrance.  From there you'll have a good view of the stage and crowd, be close to the bar, and have a little bit more breathing room.
4	Don't go to the House of Blues expecting a culinary experience to write home about.  Go there to have fun!  They are really are better at the whole rock and roll, get down, get funky thing.  I've had dinner here with hubby, we've seen Third Eye Blind play here (and we remember some of that experience) and we've gone to the Gospel Sunday Brunch.  One thing is for sure, we've had fun every time!  The Gospel Sunday Brunch was even more fun than we expected.  Stop by and let loose with whatever musical experience you choose to have while you're there. Check out House of Blues at:http://www.hob.com/venues/clubvenues/lasvegas/
5	While I've been all over the country, and every House of Blues is pretty much the same, at least they're the same in that they're a great place to see a concert.  Good view of the stage from the entire venue and small enough to make it feel intimate (The Joint or The Pearl).  I especially like the great camera crew that shows the band on closed circuit TV's all over the club.  Three bars ensure you can always get a drink pretty quick, though at a major dent to your wallet.  It's a long walk from the parking garage, too, so be prepared for that!
4	the only times i have been here were for the shows during punk rock bowling. and every time i had a blast. i think the best show i saw here was me first and the gimme gimmes... the sound is always on point and the crowd seemed really chill... but then again how would i know, i was chillin vip with the bands.. hahaha.. suckers!!!!
4	Other reviewers are right-- the service wasn't great. It was borderline bad. But I did order some mixed drink thinking I would like it-- big surprise, I didn't-- and our server swapped it out for a bottle of Bass for me. It was a nice gesture and I appreciated it.Although I'm from Orange County, I'd never eaten at HOB before, and since I was feeling like some cajun/Southern food, it sounded pretty good.I had a big plate of jambalaya and it was great, but it was HUGE-- there was way too much to possibly eat in one sitting. One full sausage, two chicken legs, a half dozen shrimp, with more chunks of all of the above mixed in. I loved it, but my goodness!For an appetizer, we also shared the catfish fritters which would have been nothing without the spicy dipping sauce that came with it! The sweet potato fries were the best I'd ever had-- finally a place that doesn't slather them with maple syrup and/or brown sugar. They were crispy and crunchy and delicious.My boyfriend cleared his pulled pork sandwich off his plate.We were there for his birthday but didn't really ask whether they did anything for that, so I'm not sure. Overall though, we enjoyed the meal and look forward to trying the HOB in Anaheim. Maybe their service is a little better.
2	Went here for lunch and it was baaad. The cornbread was edible and that was about it.
4	House of Blues is like the Hot Topic of venues for catching a punk show. I've been to one in Orlando for a Bad Brains reunion W/ HR singing. I've caught a couple of shows here in the Vegas location. The last one was Rancid. They make you check in spike belts and kick you out for dancing too hard (hence the nickname "house of rules") but I sit up in the balcony and act like I'm VIP those days of effin' up the dance floor are over for me. It doesn't faze me but I think it sucks for the kids coming up. Either way I guess you can go to any house of blues and know exactly what to expect and in some weird way I like that. It trips me out that they have the Sai Baba portrait above the stage.
4	Seen aq great rock concert here in late january.  I was here on the boss's coin and was told to take in some show/concerts.  Seen  "Mr  bad to the bone "  on a fri night george T was great.  Bar made good drinks GA tickets got up right to the front and swiched people maken runs to the bar.  I will go back when i am there in sept.
3	Chains don't normally do it for me, but this one if kind of fun, if you can forget it is a chain.  Music is always good, and it's a good place to grab a  drink and a snack... as long as you are in the mood for fried carbohydrates!
5	Food: Delicious! Had the fried chicken here with mash potatoes and fries, just what I was in the mood for. Price: Not bad, portions were pretty big and the food was good.Service: Friendly. Our server was cool and very attentive. Atmosphere: Pretty chill in here, different music videos were playing on the tvs around the restaurant. Dark setting.Location: Located at Mandalay Bay near the tattoo place.
5	This is probably my favorite venue for a concert.  Its seats a decent amount of people but it also feels intimate.  I was able to catch Teena Marie here a number of years back and was impressed by the show and her talent.  Everytime I go to LV I'm sure to check and see who's performing there because I like the place so much.  One day I will try the Gospel Brunch other's rave about.
3	Stayed at TheHotel in prep for the Ice Cube concert at HOB LV.  The ticket and markee said the doors open @ 11:59.  So make sure you check out the lobby early.  The line started before 11pm.  If you get there early you may be able to get early entry with there with thier early entry special , but check that out.  The line got very long early, it started to wrap around the casino.  I suggest get a drink or two then stand in line.  Then they heard you past security into this type of holding pen deal, in front of the doors.  They let people enter in groups of 30-50, then would wait 5 minutes and let more in... i guess this was to help crowd control.  But i was just waiting for people to rush the door, which didnt happen luckily.  We had general tix, so we grabbed some watered down drinks from 1 of the 3 bars and headed to a spot on the floor in front of the stage.  WTH is this?! Ok the floor was super sticky.  Like somebody had a honey & beer fest and forgot to clean up.  The floor was so sticky, your shoes stuck as you walked, and dont stand in one place too long, you just might stick.  The lights, and sounds were great.  The show .. pure Ice Cube! I can't comment on the food, or anything else.. but its a good venue that could use some cleaning and better crowd management.  HOB on Sunset is better.
4	Came here for lunch, it was southern comfort! Full with Mac and Cheese, Pull Pork Sandwich, Fried Butter Milk Battered Chicken and Grilled Marinated Chicken Breast. None had any complaints, just full stomachs!
4	Came here twice for our recent Vegas trip: once for a quick snack/drinks and second time for brunch.  Love the decor of this place, very detailed to create that gothic rock vibe.  Service here is EXCELLENT.  The staff is extremely friendly, relaxed and very attentive.For the snack, we ordered fried catfish bites with sweet potato fries.  It was delicious!  The catfish didn't have any muddy taste and the aioli tarter sauce they served complemented the catfish well.  Presentation was creative too.  Also, my midori margarita wasn't mixed with enough liquor, but our server offered to mix us another drink or gladly remixed it for us.For the brunch, it was alright.  I ordered a corned beef hash skillet, but I guess to show they used quality corned beef and potatoes, they didn't chop them up to little pieces but served big chunks of beef and potatoes.  I guess it's just different preferences.  My bf and friend ordered make your own omelette, but I didn't see them rave about it.  However, presentation was good and food was a lot and the our server was friendly and attentive (kept making sure my cup of coffee was filled).  We also ordered some garlic fries which were pretty good.Overall I would be back for either lunch or dinner, maybe even try to catch a performance here too.
3	Clarification: This revue is of the House of Blues Restaurant.  Service was very good. James made sure we were always in good condition. Our food took 30 minutes to get to us...It was pretty good. A little on the pricey end for what they serve in my opinion. Highly recommend you give the waffle cut fries with melted gorgonzola cheese. I had the clam chowder in a sour dough bread bowl. Nothing to call home about, but still good. Portions are big so make sure you have somewhere to store your leftovers and you wont feel so bad about the tab.
4	We came here for breakfast the morning we left Mandalay Bay and Las Vegas. If only we'd known about it sooner. Great food (we got a custom-made omelet and the crab cake eggs benedict) for a decent price (in Las Vegas), fast service, fun atmosphere. Portions are good but not terribly excessive, and the coffee was kind of the best I've had in awhile.
4	I like HOB and visited the one in New Orleans before I knew there was one in Vegas.  I like this place.  It is a nice break from the Vegas sun and noise of the casinos.  This one is in Mandalay Bay, and we make the trek down to this end to eat at HOB, not because of Mandalay Bay.  The catfish nuggets and sweet potato fries are yum yum yum.  Get 'em, you'll like 'em.  We've had just about everything on the menu, even the fried chicken - very good.  You get a discount for the store and your next meal, so save your receipt!
4	One of my favorite music venues anywhere @hoblasvegas is small and lively with CHEAP ticket prices and BIG name talent.The cafe is another story-OVERPRICED and just ok food. The menu is pretty limited and mostly cajun/creole dishes and sandwiches.I got a burger an order of sliders and 2 iced teas=$35!!! WTF!NOTE: Burger Bar is upstairs
5	One name for ya...BOB the barkeep the coolest dude ever!!! One food  for ya....catfish nuggets&sweet potato fries One drink  for ya.... Electric lemonade This place is Ace
4	I had the pulled pork sandwich with the sweet potatoe fries -YUM! The sandwich was off the hook. The pork was tasty and not over sauced on a soft bun. The sweet potatoe fries were sweet and crispy -just the way I like them. Service was just OK...
4	I like this place because we told our waiter we were in a hurry and our food came out in a flash! And it was good! Deep fried catfish with sweet potato fries! My hubby had the pulled pork sandwich with tender pork drizzled in bbq sauce. Definitely a good choice for nothing fancy but a good decent reasonably priced meal. Cheers to you wonderful waiter there!
3	This is just a concert venue review. The place is small and very quaint for a place that houses shows and it definitely let's you capture that personal feeling with the artist no matter where you wind up. I don't understand the two big pillars that block a ton of viewing (especially from the bar area). The whole stage center section around the sound boards is blocked off as well for a "VIP section" eliminating some pretty good viewing areas but yet no one was in it the whole night. The balcony area seemed very cool but it was closed for our show even though the bottom floor was jam packed with people which stumped me about the place as well. Acoustics were pretty good and you get a good energy level from the small and close size of the place when the crowd gets into it. The attitude of the personal I dealt with was piss poor and to put a "camera" in coat check cost $3.00!? All and all I had a blast but wish the artists selected a better Vegas venue.
3	Dinner at the restaurant was great. Service was on top of it, maybe too on top of it. The venue doesn't have the greatest sight-lines, can make you feel closterphobic if you're not into dark overly decorated walls and a full crowd, but the sound system isn't too bad. Chances are this is one of the 2 or 3 spots to see a good rock show in Las Vegas, so you take what you can get, eh?
2	I came here for dinner but to my dismay as every other dining option in Mandalay Bay had ridiculous waits. The menu is a hodge podge of heart attack-inducing foods with random influences that you would expect for all their calories would taste good but instead are completely bland and gross. The service was poor and the food took forever to come out even on a night when the place was only half full. The noise level was obscene. For half of our meal they had a horrible crooner screaching into the mic that made it impossible to hear the person sitting next to you. The second band was half decent at least and made the end of our meal a bit more enjoyable and fun.
5	Man came here a couple years back while I was vacationing  in Vegas with some friends and it was BAD ASS! We came to see this 80's band called The Spazmatics and it was off the chain. Drinks weren't to bad and they were strong. I know my friend ordered a round of shots for everyone and the dude hooked us up with huge shots. It was a fun night of dancing drinking and then ya know Vegas is 24/7 so that only makes it better. I definately recommend you to go here especiall if you can catch the Spazmatics there. GO!!! PEACE!
5	We went for the Blues night (Mon & Wed nights) - awesome music, great vibe. Had the sweet potato fries ($4) with a side of the Jim Beam BBQ sauce - GET IT! That was one tasteee snackalicious snack. Friend got the chick tenders w/fries - spiced in a way that made her sneeze, cough, lick her lips and go back for more. Be aware -you can't have just one of those fries. Think we're going back for acoustic night tonight!! BooYa! Its fun to live in Vegas!
4	One of our first drinking stops the Sunday we got into Vegas . . . I was still under the weather, but damn it, it was my vacation, and it was a rock joint, so a whiskey drink it was - bartender makes a fine Manhattan.  Word to the (un)wise - alcohol consumption doesn't really affect your cold one bit.  Just alternate Airborne and Emergen-C and you'll be fine.  My cold cleared up the next day because I attacked it with electrolytes and booze.  And blues.My one regret is that we missed the Prince show later that night, but we had many miles to go before we slept . . .
3	Just the same as the HOB in your city.I don't know how I got talked into going there for lunch this past Saturday, though there's absolutely nothing to complain about. The food is what you expect. And what you've had. Very corporate, very precisely portioned. I used to make fun of American tourists eating at McDonald's in Europe. Now I think I've lost that privilege. (For the record, I went to McD's because I like being served beer out of those wax paper cups. With a straw of course)All in all, Vegas is home to many restaurants you don't have in your hometown. Try one of those instead.
4	I wouldn't go here to eat, but I ate here anyway to get the Front of the Line Pass you can get to enter the music venue earlier than everybody else. At other House of Blues locations, you can buy merchandise to get the pass, but here you have to order at least one entree. My meal was so forgettable, but the service was great all around.The venue seems bigger to me than other HOBs because they've got a balcony with at least four or five rows of theater style chairs. The floor area is about as big as other HOBs. What made my experience at this HOB better than any of the other HOB locations was the staff there. They were so helpful with asking any questions and the security staff was the nicest I've ever encountered. Really cool security dude helped me get the lead singer's guitar pick. :) I'd give this five stars if they dropped the no-cameras policy.
3	We wanted something quick and easy so we stopped in. The atmosphere is cool. Food was ok. We got the artichoke/spinach dip which was pretty good. Served with chips. I ordered a half caesar salad, i ordered regular grilled chicken and think they did blackened so i didnt loved it but it was ok. The regualr order is HUGE. My date ordered a chicken wrap and said it was pretty tasty. So it was good but nothing that blew us away.
2	Big dissappointment!  I went here with a large group of people, and our service was horrible. I really think the waiter didn't try becuase he knew he was already getting his 18% gratuity.  I had to ask for a water refill three times. wtf? (they were not busy either) The entree was horrible, and had so much peppercorn on the plate that's the only thing I could taste.  In fact, no-one in my party finished their plates, nor did they want to take the food home.  They need to step it up, bigtime.
3	***food review only***i don't understand this place, i don't understand the menu, i don't understand the service, i don't understand why there isn't a daily special on sundays.i always had the idea before i ever frequented it that the house of blues would be on par with hard rock cafe.  so naive.  it's not that the hard rock cafe is awful, it's that hob is a culinary trainwreck.  gordon ramsey would have a fit.i think hob food can best be described as "down home southern cookin'" or something to that effect.  mac 'n cheese, jambalaya, rice and beans are all on the menu.  the menu is really extensive, and hob dabbles in a bit of everything apparently, but nothing on the menu looked good to me while i was here, and believe me that is saying something because i was STARVING and everything looks good to me when i'm starving.  i finally settled on the mixed field greens and a side of fries.  "unremarkable" is my verdict!  i had a few bites of my friend's mac 'n cheese...FAIL.  but that was to be expected, since emmy's spaghetti shack in san francisco has spoiled me for good in the mac 'n cheese department.
3	**VENUE REVIEW ONLY***As a concert venue, HOB in Mandalay is pretty decent.  It's set up exactly the same as other HOB's, with the pit on the bottom floor surrounded by bar space, and seating upstairs.  I personally like the upstairs seating, because there is nothing worse than being a short person in a pit setting.  I've been here for a Nas show and to see Common and N.E.R.D. and both were outstanding - the artists really had the crowd dancing in the aisles and on the chairs.  Price wise, both concerts were reasonable too.My only complaints for HOB :1. It is a non-smoking venue (WHAT??!?!?!  This is freakin Vegas, everywhere should be smoking allowed) and there is no where to duck off too in between sets to get in a drag (unless you go all the way out to the casino floor or are brazen enough to ignore or subvert security and risk getting the boot)2. the drinks!  friggin ridonculous!  i paid 18 dollars for a 'rita, including tip.  and it was nasty! (how do you %$*& up a margarita is beyond me).  trust me, drink before you go or strap something to your leg (no i don't remember if i went through a metal detector to get in, so do the latter at your own risk) :)
3	***FOOD REVIEW ONLY***I went on Friday afternoon with my friend from California. I used to work at Mandalay Bay, but had never been inside HOB before, not even to the venue. I decided to try to the restaurant since we were playing tourist that day, and we had an event to go to afterwards.The ambiance of the place was nice. The host and wait staff were okay. Not great, not terrible, just okay. The waiter could have been a little friendlier and more attentive, but he wasn't bad. The same could be said for the food. We went during happy hour and the last three appetizers on the menu were $5 a piece. My friend ordered chips with spinach dip and I ordered some chicken tenders with ranch dip and celery sticks. The chicken tenders were a little too spicy for my taste, but that is expected in a place like this. His spinach dip was slightly better, and I wish I had gotten that instead.I contemplated getting jambalaya, but I got the "Chicken-Fried Chicken" instead. It was just mediocre. It was nothing to write home about. My friend got the bayou shrimp and cheese grits. He liked the shrimp, but he said the cheese grits were just average. We each got chocolate cheesecake for dessert. I think the dessert was the best part of the meal, which isn't saying much. However, our server redeemed himself when he told us about the 2-for-1 breakfast special the next morning if we brought our receipt. Too bad we weren't able to make it over the next day, otherwise I would have tried it out. Our check came to about $70 including tip for the both of us. Having the happy hour specials relieved some of it, but I thought it was kind of pricey for that type of casual dining place, but if you're on the Strip, that goes without saying.HOB is good to try at least once, but if I were to go again, it would be to go to the venue, to try the Gospel Brunch on Sunday morning, the regular breakfast, or maybe even lunch or dinner again, but I would order something other than chicken. I wouldn't write the restaurant off just yet. I'll give it a second chance in the future and write an updated review.
3	Food Review OnlyI thought this place was just ok. We did not eat anything the whole day so by 5 o'clock we just wanted to eat something. That and $5 happy hour sounded good.  We shared their happy hour appitizers and I ordered a pulled pork sandwich. Their appitizers tasted like appitizers you could find at Applebees, good but not spectacular. Their pulled pork sandwich was ok. The meat tasted good, but their sauce was too sweet for me. I like my sauce spicy.Next time I come here I would rather go to a show.Zipzap Zubidy Bop!
2	***I have been to a few House of Blues locations and this was probably the weakest of the bunch; pretty run-of-the-mill food***Please note that this review is for the food only.  I've been to three House Of Blues--the original one in Chicago (which had a very nice interior, and the food tasted better too; maybe the atmosphere helped), the one in Anaheim (super busy, okay food), and this one at the Mandalay Bay in Las Vegas.  I felt this Las Vegas location was the weakest of the three.It was around five-ish, and we had late dinner plans.  We decided to come here to hold us over.  It was pretty dead.  For food, I went with the Buffalo chicken sandwich, which was pretty run-of-the-mill.  It was served with pretty boring and depressing looking french fries.  It was your typical chain experience.
5	I spent sunday morning in church, er sort of.  We saw Sunday Gospel and had brunch too.  man I forgot how much I loved this town.  I wanted to something different and I wasn't disappointed.
2	Sunday gospel brunch....skip it.It's $50 for a buffet brunch (with "southern food") and a 45 minute gospel show. The food is just ok - plentiful, but lacking in flavor and, well, soul. Most of what I sampled (including egg dishes, fried chicken, roasted pork and salad) was blah. The two standout dishes were cheese grits and - would you believe it? - a rice krispy treat, and I can make both of those at home! The price includes all-you-can-drink mimosas and bloody marys, but they're watered down.As for the entertainment, that's the real reason I wanted to go here - I love gospel music. The performers are talented, but the acoustics in House of  Blues are TERRIBLE! We had to move from our table on the lower level to the balcony, just to be able to understand half of what they were singing. The music is way too loud and the singers are shouting, and yet you still can't hear them. The balcony was marginally better, but even then the quality just wasn't there. I hope they can make some adjustments so future guests can actually hear the singers.
3	I've been here twice:1) Dinner...don't remember what I got (the food was average, and forgettable, apparently).  I remember thinking, "how can THIS, cost THAT much?"  Tasty cocktails, way overpriced (I guess that's because it's in Vegas...).2) "Salsa dancing" night.  The quotations mean they promote it as being salsa dancing, but really it just turned into a ghetto reggaeton dance club.  NOT what I wanted, and we had to pay the cover charge to get in...very disappointing.
5	Came here a few times over the years to see the Reverend Horton Heat. Entrance is easy, VIP balcony is unnecessary, standing-room only venue with good sound and ambience. Always a good time.
3	Ceasar side salad was awesome. Bleu "Blues Burger" was very mediocre. Dry and overdone. All-female string band was tons of fun.
4	House of Blues gets some of the best punk rock and indy bands out there. They seemed to pick up where the Huntridge left off.  Nothing in Vegas touches the Huntridge but HOB makes a good effort. The General admission  floor is the way a  a music venue should be.  The figging monster pillars are a pain in the ass for a music venue. The sound is amazing.  They need to get rid of the no studded belts, camera or chain wallets. You have a ton of punk rock bands playing there yet you ban the items they wear?? wake up! Joint, Pearl all allow cameras! How about no flash photography? No photos is just stupid.  You have  a great concept, you would get 5 stars if you would change some policies and chain saw those pillars out and put new hidden supports in! keep up the great music and tweek the policies. Otherwise and great venue.  Ticket prices are perfect! The restraunt I have eaten a few times and its solid but not amazing. Worth it to get something before or after the show but nothing amazing to go eat in my opinion.
4	We came here twice on our last stay at the Mandalay Bay this past week.  Once for dinner and once for breakfast the following morning to take advantage of their buy one get one free breakfast promo.Both times were great.  Food and service was prompt an efficient, with the breakfast service especially good.  Our server was very friendly and pleasant to talk to.  I like the coffee, which in part may have been recovery from the previous night, but others in our party agreed too, so it couldn't have been all due to the late night!We stopped by for bit after dinner for the music which was great, but it was pretty packed so we didn't stay long.All in all, highly recommend for the food, service, atmosphere and music!  I also visited the Foundation Room on an different visit (business) and that was NICE!
2	I came here on a Sunday night before heading back home and was sorely disappointed. I had the babyback ribs which were somewhat tasty but fell below standards that even Applebees upholds. The fries were bland and the iced tea was at a point where not even a cup of sugar could salvage it. The service was so so and I found it obnoxious that they come and take your picture and then try to sell it to you while you're eating. I ate on the side without the music so it was very empty. It seemed like people were having a good time on the other side..but I'm sure it has everything to do with the music and nothing to do with the food.
3	Good food and good music is a winner any night. They bring in some great bands and keep the resturant on top par with most strip favs
5	We got a 2-1 Breakfast Coupon for the House of Blues and it was well worth it. The food , coffee and service was excellent.It came to about $25 with a tip for both of us. Not a bad deal for an upscale hotel.
3	I've eaten here twice in the last week. Breakfast is fine, but overpriced. If you get a 2 for 1 coupon from Mandalay Bay, it's worth eating there.I also ate here during happy hour and it was better than expected. They had some special kind of rum on special so I had two mojitos and my boyfriend had 2 rum and cokes. With that we had an order of hot wings and a spicy shrimp dish w/ cornbread. Wings were SPICY and our drinks were perfect- our bill came to $21!! No complaints there!
4	One of my favorite music venues anywhere @hoblasvegas is small and lively with CHEAP ticket prices and BIG name talent.The cafe is another story-OVERPRICED and just ok food. The menu is pretty limited and mostly cajun/creole dishes and sandwiches.I got a burger an order of sliders and 2 iced teas=$35!!! WTF!NOTE: Burger Bar is upstairs
2	Atmosphere is neat.. Will give them 2 star ONLY for the great bands they bring but their breakfast SUCKS! Food came out cold! Not Luke warm.. Not warm.. COLD! C'mon?! Really!? How can you eff up breakfest!?  Skip this place for eating and just go for the live music and good happy hour ..
3	Pro: Free Blues night Saturday.  Con: $19 for halibut pasta special.  The plate was decent enough but not outstanding, rum and coke for $6 was a better deal.  If it weren't on the Strip, this would be a pretty chill place to hang, grab a drink with a buddy and some decent grub.  I liked the act on stage, had a lot of heart and wicked shreds (8 string bass!).  Somebody mentioned that the speakers are too loud, I did find this to be an issue, but not so much to make it un-enjoyable.
4	I have to review this place, because they gave us such great service they deserve a good review. We came here for the game on Sunday. It was happy hour and all beers were $1, appetizers half off, and DonQ rum drinks  (which turns out to be really good) were $3. You can't beat that! My girlfriend and I consumed two pounds of wings without any help from our husbands. yikes! Yes, they were good. We initially had ordered 1 plate of wings and a spinach dip appetizer. The spinach dip was so bad. No one even took a second bite. Even though it would have only been $5 gone to waste we had to send it back because we were at a tiny little cocktail table and it was taking up too much space. I have to say, I have never seen a restaurant so cool about a patron sending something back. It was almost embarrassing how apologetic and attentive they were from that moment forward. They asked us what we wanted to replace is with. That's when the 2nd plate of wings came in. : / Three people came to check on us several times throughout the rest of our time there. Everyone was so nice. My drinks had the perfect ratio of rum and diet. Our bill came out to $34. Ridiculous!
4	Went here to see Norm MacDonald - funny bastard, degenerate gambler extraordinaire and hopeless alcoholic - not to mention a FUNNY BASTARD.  Drinks were overpriced, but what do you expect.  Best part of the night was when the ghetto fabulous mafia appeared late for the show with their cheap dial-a-dates...even the housewife next to me in the balcony started laughing when they appeared in their plastic Payless pumps and non-flame retardant ensembles.  I guess the old saying, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, doesn't apply to chlamydia - and that's not the name of a stripper at the Spearmint Rhino.
5	3 reasons to go:Happy hour till 7pm, $1 beers, $3 'cocktails' (as long as they're made of rum and rum only, bizarrely). Half price appetizers. The food is excellent. Maybe we got lucky but the burger was excellent, as were the buffalo wings and the spinach dip. I didn't find it that overpriced for the quality (and quantity). Hot waiters.
3	Things I liked: -Reasonable priced casual lunch food at Mandalay Bay. Which says a lot for Vegas. -Less than 10 minute wait time to seat our party of 10 ppl. -Available seating soon after the Rock and Roll 1/2 marathon, which says a LOT, considering the race wrapped up just outside MB. We assumed this place could be jammed up. -Burgers were good, but after 13 miles, anything would have tasted good! Things I did not like: -They were out of sweet potato fries. We were so excited to have some. Huge bummer. -For not being jam packed with patrons, the service was rather slow. We had to ask a few ppl to find a server to bring water and take our orders. -Many of our orders were not prepared as requested. Onions were included when they should not have been. Salad was delivered after the entree. Some entrees were served 5-8 minutes before the rest of the party. Stuff like that. So, it was just OK. Not in a huge hurry to return.
4	The food at House of Blues is good, but nothing to write home about. I especially like the cajun dishes though. We went during happy hour so the drinks were by far the cheapest of our weekend in Vegas. After the meal we went to the venue to see Megadeth. THIS is where HOB really shines. So much better than the Joint in Hard Rock where we saw Muse the night before. Cheaper too. If you buy balcony seats there's a cocktail waitress that comes buy to take drink orders. Emphasis on seats! You can stand if you like but it is awfully nice to sit during a long show, especially during the lull of a set change. Plus, (and I know I'm a wimp for saying so) balcony seating keeps you out of involuntarily being dragged into the pit, which is really helpful when seeing a band like Megadeth. Best priced tickets you'll find in this area.
1	This a review of the Sunday gospel brunch only. Save your $42. The food was atrocious, especially the breakfast dishes. Eggs were cold, bacon was greasy and bagels were stale. But most disappointing was the music. The gospel singers were off key during much of the numbers and were mediocre at best, plus the acoustics were terrible.
5	This review goes for the concert hallFor me, this place is as good as it gets for a show.  Its not too big, not too small.  I have seen In Flames, Shadows Fall, Trivium and just recently Steel Panther here.  I love this place!  Steel Panther apparently play most Saturdays here and I would highly recommend the show as they are very entertaining.
4	Amazing happy hour. Great time there.+ dollar beers.+ half off appitzers+ good country singer while we were there, old school+ waiters were attentive but not annoying- kind of hokey- really loud, but what do you expect- the breakfast was good, but not greatdefinatly worth a happy hour trip for sure!
3	I recently held my bachlorette party at House of Blues and had a good time!!! This House of Blues is located inside the Mandalay Bay Hotel and has live entertainment at night (which keep in mind... they charge a 10% entertainment fee to your bill if you happen to be eating dinner while the music starts.) We got a great table in one of their back rooms that sat my 20 girl bachlorette party. The service was fast and attentive. The atmosphere was relaxed and decor was cool. The only thing that disappointed me was the food... it was overpriced and was not really tasty. All in all it was a good experience, mainly because of the company at my table. I probably won't be back because nothing really struck me as awesome.
4	Such a cool, laid back atmosphere.  The fun, funky decor is great.  Their happy hour -- 3:00-6:00 every day -- is excellent.  The staff is friendly and patient.  The food is very good (American and Southern inspiration).  And the music of course is outstanding, live or otherwise.This is one of my regular stops whenever I'm in Las Vegas and one of the things I go into withdrawals from when I don't return often enough.
4	Outstanding.  Just very much fun.  There was _loads_ of great food throughout a southern-style buffet, carving station, salad and dessert bars, and a couple other areas I can't put a specific description on but that were just as stuffed with edible goodness.  There's free orange juice and water, and bloody mary's and mimosas as $4.25 [and the latter are excellent].  From the time the doors open, you get 30-45 minutes to eat and talk before the band and singers come on.  You can still eat during the performance, but it is hard to pull away -- the musicians are energized, full of life, and really get the crowd going.I think I'd give this a 4.5 if I could.  But pretty much only because I like gospel _choirs_ even better than small gospel groups -- I just wanted to hear the place rock without the speakers blaring.  (Not that the sound was bad at all -- I'm just greedy!)  I'll definitely be back!
3	Other than the decor this restaurant is very average. Burgers, sandwiches, and salads. I had the Rueben with sweet potato fries. I could have gone to any other place and spent half as much and had just as good food. If you come here you many just want to opt for a drink and save your money to get food somewhere better.
4	We went here for early evening drinks, so we are unable to see a show.  We opted to sit at the small bar in the back which fortunately had two bar stools just open up.  The feel of the restaurant is pretty cool.  They were able to make good use of beer bottle caps recreating stained glass mirrors and other religious themed constructions, in effect, creating a church dedicated to the blues.  That I enjoyed very much.  What I did not enjoy very much was some of the clientele.  For example, to the left of me there was a long engaging discussion about the "right" and "wrong" ways to hit a woman.  I think the consensus was that open handed strikes were okay -- ladies, you have been warned.  The female bartenders were tatty and gritty, but amazingly attentive.  With each round the drinks got stronger.  Wine pours pushed the brim of the glass and Cuba Libres became transparent from the very high rum to Coke ratio.  Making the arrangement even more generous, it was happy hour when we went.  So our several drinks came out to very little money when all was said and done.  Our bartender received a nice tip in accordance.  Overall, I am going to say this is a great place for drinks -- just be wary of the customers that may be hanging around when you go.  I think what I experienced was just a fluke.
4	Didn't try the food - so this review is really of the bar and happy hour specials.  Came by about 30 minutes before the end of happy hour after a couple of hours gambling in the casino - happy I did as it's much cheaper to spend $3 on beers than lose $100 for a "free" one out in the casino ;)   There is a great selection of beers in bottles and the bartender is VERY generous with the pours of liquor.  The bar was filled with "cougars" who kept hitting on my friend - very funny.  Clientele seemed to be a bit older than I usually see in bars I frequent, around 40-60 years old was the average age.
4	I have been here 3 times to see my favorite band of all time HIM. The first time was back in 2005 I believe. My friends & had GA tickets. We wanted to be up close on the rail so we ate @ the place to get early admission. I remember the food being good & that's about it. We were just amped to get into the venue & get a good spot.2nd time we had balcony seats. This is when we started to wise up, felt old, & no longer wished to be crushed against the railing. Seats were great up in the balcony. Sound was awesome, bar & bathroom upstairs, what more can you ask for. 3rd time involved GA tickets again. This time we just chilled by the bar for the entire show. Bartenders are super attentive & friendly. Even spilled 1 drink on the bar cuz I got distracted & the dude just poured another without giving me any attitude.  I will gladly travel to HOB Vegas to see a show anytime. On the plus side, Vegas crowds aren't pretentious like LA crowds. They actually get into the bands playing & aren't on their cell phones the entire show.
3	HOB located right smack dab in the middle of Mandalay Bay had a great atmosphere and the food was pretty good. We ate breakfast there and we left pretty full and happy. Our server was very sweet.My friends and I had a really good time shopping in the little gift shop-really cool items!
3	Solid. When you come to the House of Blues, you are usually coming here for some name act. I popped in here last last night with some friends for the Steel Panther show.Although the show itself was a bit cheesy, it was a fun place to hang out with friends. The bartenders didn't treat me like an idiot when I asked for ice water.  Service is good. Enough bartenders for a full crowd.The stage and venue is quite small, but it's perfect! I can imagine seeing a big-name act (bigger than Steel Panther) and really enjoying the intimate vibe.Plenty of televisions so if you are talking to your friends or cozying up to a neighbor, you can still see what's going on in the stage area.Steel Panther was pretty cool, since locals get in free. Holler.I'll write up another review when I come here for a real show, but for now....A-OK.
2	I didn't realize this was like a concert with food. I'm not sure if the music varies from one week to another. But the gospel band that played, did a lot of preaching. More than I've experienced in Glide Church (my favorite gospel venue in San Francisco.) The band was fine, but the set was very short!! One of the singers seemed to spend an awful lot of time introducing his family, his friends, any married people in the audience, any birthday people in the audience, and basically jabbering instead of cranking out the good gospel music.The food was plentiful, as any buffet is, but nothing stood out, and a few things just didn't taste good. The carving station had ham...or ham. The salad bar didn't have anything beyond standard salad stuff. The deserts were ok. The shrimp were fine. The biscuits and gravy were fine. The chicken was yummy. And everything else was utterly forgettable.Also, maybe drink prices went up, but I got a diet Coke, a bloody mary and a club soda, and it was $12.50. I love gospel music, but prefer mine without the preaching -- esp in a secular venue.I wanted to go.I went.I wouldn't go back again.It wasn't awful. But there wasn't anything great about it either.
2	Only reviewing the drinks here- expensive and the margarita tasted like there wasn't any tequila in it. Will definitely not be back.
3	I've been here for concerts and shows but never ate at the restaurant. My boyfriend and I decided to try it out after watching The Lion King. We were pretty disappointed with the small menu and prices. Like many restaurants in Las Vegas, they charge you an additional tax for live entertainment. It's really difficult to carry on any kind of conversation with music blaring.The service was great but the food was definitely not worth the price. With entrees being approximately $20, I expected fairly good to large sized proportions. Not great food selections and the taste was alright. I feel like I would have been more satisfied from McDonald's.I won't ever come back for the food.
1	Worst place we visited our whole trip. Except for our waitress Aune.. she was BY FAR one of the BEST waitresses we had the whole trip. The food was almost unedible. We had the corned beef hash.. which tasted like it was a microwave meal. I ate the toast and that was about it. My husband had the 2 egg breakfast, the portion was small and was cold by the time we got it. The bloody mary was awful.. Our over $50 tab for 3 meals and one drink seemed ridiculous. Won't be back!!
3	Come here ONLY FOR THE HAPPY HOUR!! The food is reminiscent of high school cafeteria food but the HAPPY HOUR IS SUCH A good deal, it's worth it.... but only for happy hour!!I think like 4 of us had drinks and food for like 35 dolla!!Remember, this isn't mortons, and only order appetizers and beers and mixed drinks during happy hour and let the vegas dream live on beootches!
4	Went here for breakfast. Food was great. Service was great. Price was great. I've heard this place is very lively at night as well. Would definitely recommend.
4	Happy hour in Vegas on a weekend...Say what?? My friend & I ventured in to good music playing, cheap stiff drinks and food specials. Great way to unwind after walking the strip!  Plus service was great & entertaining.
4	This is a really cute placeit's something different. I had the watermelon spritzer, very sweet, but good if you like watermelon. They refill it for you toovoodoo shrimp - i usually never eat shrimp, but our waitress recommend this so i had to try it. It was really good, jumbo size shrimp smothered with tasty seasoning over corn bread that melts in your mouth!gumbo - its thick and gooey it was decent. Tasted way better with hot sauce :)baby back ribs -  literally fell off the bone... it was delish! it also came with cold slaw, beans, and corn. mmMMm the corn was good up until i dropped it :( But my sweet server saw the whole entire incident and fired up a new one for me right away!Lastly, we had the field of greens... the portion was smaller than the ribs, but that's okay. every bite was yum :)
5	Went here for breakfast not expecting much but was pleasantly surprised. Pancakes were fluffy and tasty, hash browns light and perfectly cooked, eggs fresh and just right. Well, the coffee was weak but at least no bad tastes. Staying at Mandalay 3 days and we'll be back
4	Just got home not to long ago from hanging out with some friends. We went to the House of Blues to see a concert for the "wonder Girls". They were pretty cool. My friend is more into them, but had me watch a couple of videos on youtube. In the videos the costumes were very colorful and different, yet I like it. We were up front right in front of the stage. This was my first time being there. I was about 15 to 20 minutes late since the concert started right at 6pm. The opening act was the "2AM" group. They were a bunch of young handsome men performing on stage, but I was too busy looking for my friend and her friend that she brought with her. We had a blast standing right in front of the stage to where we could reach out if the performers reached out. As I finally find my friend, the guy band was just finishing up. She said she was upset because I had my camera and didn't take any pics of the guys.. I was tooooo busy looking for her. Then we waited for a short period for the "Wonder Girls" to come out. At that time, I had to ask the security guard if it was ok to go down the stairs in front of him to be with my friend. He was kind enough to let me go. I took his pic later but it was tooo blurry!!! Then the "Wonder Girls" finally came out and gave a good performance. Most of the pics that I took, were a little blurry but it was ok. I even took video clips of the girls as well. Thanks to my friend, I had a good time hanging out.
3	First off - this review is only for the concert going experience. I don't think I've every actually eaten here, and don't really plan to. I've been here quite a few times since I've lived here for concerts. I've actually been to this venue more than any other in town for concerts. The last concert I was here for was just this past Friday (Keane with Ingrid Michealson and FRAN HEALY from TRAVIS). The most recent time before this weekend was in October, so I can't really rate on that experience. I've never actually gone to a concert for the almost sole purpose of seeing an opening act (if you couldn't tell, I was there for Fran from Travis). The tickets for this venue usually cheaper than other places on the strip (these were $28 for GA...however, I paid over $15.00 in taxes and fees for each ticket). I've never encountered a completely sold out show, and the will call window is super easy and doesn't typically require an additional fee.The box office staff at HOB are great. Very friendly and very helpful, this was no exception. The ticket and front security are also efficient and pleasant. They don't seem to get too upset when you are waiting to get into a show. The only staff that aren't always good is the inside security. Often times they get a bit assertive about phones and cameras when their really is no need. However, I can see this as a good thing when people really are out of control...which I've seen a couple of times. As for a concert venue, I really think its odd that they have bathroom attendants. I am at a  standing room only concert where I paid $30 for a ticket...I don't really need a bathroom attendant...I guess its charm. The drinks are priced pretty typically for the strip. I had a 24oz Miller Light for around $8. Usually the sound and lights are good. This past concert was not good. The first two acts everything seemed to go okay. But when Keane finally started (after what seemed an eternity) the sound was off, and it never really got clear into  the show. My biggest problems where that a) the staff didn't let us know there was technical issues, despite us being able to see they where having problems. b) they didn't get their stuff figured out  to make the sound better, leaving me (maybe I was the only one) with an incomplete feeling from the show. They finished their set, but I couldn't say I 100% enjoyed the show, despite being a fan. If I could I'd give a 3.5 because I've seen some amazing shows here. However, its going to be a 3.0 until I can get back to see they still have their act together.
4	I'm pretty much reviewing this just based on the atmosphere....which is really REALLY cool in my opinion. The downstairs is really open, with a bar, a large dance floor, and stage for concerts. The band playing that night was pretty good, and it was fun to kick back on the balcony above it and bop around to the music. I was there for an event, so we had free wine and beer for a bit (although I was only able to take advantage of one free glass of wine, BOOO) and although I didn't personally try any of the food, the guys I was there with scarfed a bunch of spicy-smelling chicken wings and fries. The crowd is pretty good, too. Even though it's in Mandalay Bay, right on the strip, it didn't seem to attract your typical bro-man Vegas crowd, at least not the night I was there (which was Saturday). I'd actually like to have a conversation with the any of the patrons at House of Blues. Four stars for that alone.
4	Hey!!  I'm waving my at you!  Yes, I'm up on the stage at the House of Blues Gospel Brunch, and I've got my big blue hat in my hand, and my Sunday print dress on, and I'm waving at my pals to come on up and join me!!! Which they eventually do, after slurping down the last of their Bloody Mary's.  The music just enters your brain and gets your spirit hopping, and before you know it you're up on your feet on stage, even if it isn't your birthday or anniversary, it can be one of the best times of your life.The buffet is a generous and overwhelming helping of Southern food, so there are a lot of Southern favorites like ham, peel and eat shrimp, corn bread, and even grits, as well as coconut cake and all the regular breakfast staples.  The meal is served at long tables, like a dining hall, then the band comes on and renders their soulful ballads in the best of gospel style.  There is an invitation for interaction with the band, the servers constantly bring drinks around, and if you are able to recover from tehenight before, go on up stage and sing halleluliah like you mean it!
2	Well... came for a late lunch here after a trade show... probably not the best time to experience the place. While the food was not bad, it was far from memorable.
4	This review is for the restaurant.  we went here twice on our most recent trip once for happy hour and once for lunch.  we were staying at mandalay so it was easy to come here.  ill start with happy hour we had to get a table for it since the bar was too full to sit anywhere and get appetizers.  they seemed apprehensive to let us have a table since they said its only for food.  happy hour has $2 domestic bottles $3 import bottles $4 mixed drinks and half off appetizers.  we got a spinach dip and order of buffalo wings each $5 each.  for that price they were a good deal.  for the normal $10 that they would cost i wouldnt order them.  but that goes for most restaurants appetizer prices.  now i ordered a sam adams which is listed as a domestic beer but gets the charge of an import beer.  i know its a dollar but come on sam adams made in boston equals domestic beer.  the bad part about this was half way through eating some putz came on stage to play his guitar with terrible music and they added the dreaded live entertainment tax that i had read about on here.  an extra $3.80 for this guy.  i dont quite get the live entertainment tax because they dont charge it at margaritaville or toby keiths if someone was playing so i dont know if this is exclusive to them or not.  total bill was about $26 for 4 drinks 2 apps and one terrible musician.for lunch i had a cup of gumbo which was alright, a tasty buffalo chicken sandwich and my wife had a pulled pork sandwich which she enjoyed.  tons of fries served with each sandwich.  more than enough food.  we used a $25 restaurant.com certificate.  with that and added in tax and gratuity our total bill was only $19.  so lunch ended up being cheaper than happy hour.  thank goodness for no musician.
3	I like corn bread. The HOB corn bread is the best I've had....ever. And the honey maple butter thing with it....sheeee get out man! Now why don't they have this by where I live? Think I'll search for it now.On this particularly insomnified night, I'm thinking of all the places I've eaten & Yelpin' 'em all from memory....testing, testing.....
4	This is a review of HOB Vegas as a concert venue. The food, I've had before and no offense but I'd seriously pass on it...We saw AFI here this last January. AFI is one of my favorite bands, but more like a 90's version of them and not like the current circa 2000's December underground version. As for the venue, this place kinda rocks. It is stadium seating so no problem getting a good view. I feel like it was general admission (pretty sure) but we had no problem getting really good seats. No problem getting in and out of the venue. Even with a long line it moved pretty fast. Good sound overall for the one show we experienced here. Their bar service was really fast with no waits upstairs.I prefer this HOB over Anaheim any day. Plus the "disneyland" you deal with in Vegas is a lot cooler than the real one. And you don't have to deal with soccer mom's trying to run you over with their strollers...
3	We came here for Sunday brunch. We wanted to do the gospel brunch, but didn't realize it was only at certain times; so we just came here since it was next door. The food was good. I had a well made omelet. The hash browns are Denny's style (grated - hard on top, soft on bottom) but tasty. No complaints about that at all. I will complain about the service. Our server must have had a long night before or is just dumb. She brought us our drinks and I asked for a straw. We were seated next to the bar where I could see straws. She continued to check on all her other tables and go in the back. A few minutes passed and I was thirsty, so I went to the bar and got my straw. (Sorry but I will not drink from the glass at restaurants. None clean their glasses by hand and there's usually left over lip balm on the sides. Gross.) I realized I didn't have a knife and asked her for one before my food came out since I knew it would take her a while. She looked at the empty tables around us for one. None of the tables had silverware on them, our hostess put them down when we were seated. It was strange. We asked for boxes and she returned with them. Usually when guests ask for boxes, that means they are done so that's the server's cue to leave the check. Nope, we had to wait for her to make her rounds and go in the back again for her to come back and ask us if we had any coupons. Then she left again and brought us the check. It was truly annoying and because of her, I probably won't go back.
4	I can only comment on the House of Blues as a concert venue.  We've been here twice (both times to see Roger Clyne and The Peacemakers perform) and I will say that the venue itself is awesome!  Very cool vibe - open and spacious, although it still gives you the feeling of being small.  The decor and lighting makes you feel as though you are transported to a different city.  For us - we prefer standing room for concerts - so you can move in closer and the setting is more intimate. It almost seems as you are at a private concert with just you and the band.  The crowd really gets into it - and the bands feel the energy!  Although our friends have told us that HOB Las Vegas can get shoulder to shoulder crowded for events, both times we've been there it has been perfect.  The bar area is elevated, with stairs or a ramp leading you down to the floor area.  Even being 5 ft 2 I never felt like I had to struggle to see over the person in front of me.  The sound quality is also awesome!The only complaint I have, with that of any concert venue, is the bar and beer selection.  Although it was super easy to get a beer (no lines) the prices were pretty ridiculous.  $26 for two Coronas (okay - so they WERE king cans of Corona) but still - a little insane.  But again that's expected when you're out to see a concert.A definite plus is that being a Vegas venue - the band was able to play past midnight (almost 3 and a half hours), unlike a lot of places where they are cut off early!  House of Blues in Vegas is one of our favorite concert venues!
5	Just came here for an event. Met president Bill Clinton here and had a photo taken with him, so I can't rate this place lower than 5 :)
3	Pizza was bland.  Cost of beer inexpensive.  Service was marginal.
3	I have always loved this place in the Mandalay Bay especially for breakfast.  Last week I had lunch.  I had some very good fish gumbo, and their House Burger--a mushroom, mozzarella cheese burger.  The gumbo was outstanding with just a little kick to it.  The burger was very good also, but a little greasy!  My one complaint was the service was very slow.  They were rearranging the room for the Gospel Brunch which is the best time to come here.  House of Blues is one of the best theme burger joints.  I have not had breakfast here this past year, but it was always great.  You cannot go wrong with the burgers here, although they are not anywhere near the class of the elite burger joints.
2	I would have given three stars but they charge you an "entertainment" tax of 18% when dining here.  They had two guys playing on stage and after we came in they sang TWO songs and were done for the night.  They were O.K. and actually I was glad when they were finished as they were a little too loud and I just wanted dinner.  And the service wasn't too great either.For dinner we shared the Gator Pizza which was really quite good with just enough kick to it.  And we also shared the Paneed Chicken  which wasn't as good.  It had a strange flavor to it that I can't really describe.  We got a watermelon spritzer drink which was like a watermelon soda and that was really good.Not sure if I will be back as I feel they should have informed me about the entertainment tax beforehand and the food is just O.K. nothing that I would want to pay an additional tax for!
5	Not only great for concerts, but breakfast is the bomb. Fast service great food. Can't wait to come back.
2	This place just didn't do it for me. We ate at the restaurant...forgettable and went to a music venue. The venue was just small...most clubs are bigger than this.
5	best place in las vegas to see a concert. small venue, you can see everything on that stage. its especially really nice when the cute singers take their pants off and sing. its like you brought binoculars its so cozy.
3	Every HOB is the same, right?  Not true.  Instead of the standing room everywhere downstairs deal that I'm used to, these guys have added a few "VIP" areas where one could sit down and/or get bottle service.  Man, this VIP/bottle game has gotten toooo ubiquitous here in the City of Sin.  So we were here to see Steel Panther on a Fri night.  Not too bad a line and I coughed up for the first round of drinks while the others found us a place from which to watch the show.  Just below us are totally unoccupied comfy couches guarded by a helpful gentleman who said that for $300 we could sit and get a bottle of hooch and mixers.  Nay say I, besides, we're drinking beer.  Roll up the sleeves, here come the negotiations...  Long story short (too late) we got down to $150 and it comes with a $100 bar tab.  Still we walked on the deal--two of our members were not drinking by that point.Anyhow, decent show (though long on the banter and mucho sampled backgrounds) and a decent sound in the venue, but I have one more complaint.  While I was...um...making room for another beer I noticed that Fridays were $6 24oz Bud Lights.  Since I had been paying $11 for 24oz Coors Lt I decided to switch.  Ordered up 3 and was told that it would be $33.  I reminded the tarbender of the ad in the bathroom and he said that was the 12oz cans.  Aw, fuggetaboutit.
5	If you ever get a chance to see one of your favorite bands at the House of Blues,  DO IT. The venue is the perfect size to see an intimate show from general admission or the paid seats. The energy in the place is awesome and infectious. The only knock I had was the somewhat small bathrooms and the ridiculously overpriced drinks. These weren't enough to take off a full star, so my true rating would probably be a 4.5 stars.
4	I've always enjoyed watching shows here. It's nice and small, so you're pretty close to the performers even if you're in the back. Of course, I'm talking about the general admission floor area. I'm not really sure why anyone would pay extra to sit up top.Ticket prices don't seem to be as cheap as they used to be. I remember paying $20 to see Foo Fighters a decade ago. I also saw Redman and Method Man for about $20 and I bought Killers tickets for my brother for $20 a pop. Last week, I paid $45 to see Wu-Tang Clan. Still, I like the venue. It may be on the strip, but Mandalay's parking is easily accessible from the freeway.On the restaurant side of things, I've eaten here a couple of times, but quite a long time ago. I remember having the Jambalaya and I still think that was one of the best I've ever had. I'm not an expert by any stretch. For some reason, whenever I see Jambalaya or Paella or Risotto on a menu, I have to try it. In fact, I saw a restaurant.com coupon for this place yesterday. I may need to return to try that Jambalaya again.
4	Love the HOB! We saw a great band here, and it was amazing. Again, the wings will never let you down... so great! The prices weren't too outlandish considering the great atmosphere and live music.
4	Perfect size. Friendly staff.
4	First off, let me qualify that I've never eaten here, just gone to the shows.If I have any real issue with this concert venue it is that I am a little bored of it.  Seems that about half or more of the bands I want to see in Vegas are playing here.The VIP areas are a little annoying, but this is Vegas.  Maybe I've just lived here too long to be outraged by this, but they really aren't in the way of anyone of average height.  The VIP boxes are lower than the bar area so those of us in the back still get a nice view from any of the three bars.The floor area is of decent size but can be a bit too crowded for some of the more popular shows.  All in all unless you plan yourself behind a pillar the view is good from just about anywhere.Sound is no better or worse that most places I've been, though I can remember a show some years back where a band blew at least one of the venue speakers mid-set which was obnoxious.
2	This review is for breakfast. I ordered the sampler and everything was luke warm. The yolks of my over easy eggs were solid. The portions were huge and the pancakes were tasty but everything was overpriced. With the price I paid please bring my food to me warm and cook my eggs right. Even my mimosa couldn't redeem my experience.
3	First time at House of Blues, Vegas edition.  Was brought here for a Steel Panther show by a Steel Panther lover.  I'll focus on the venue and not get distracted by the major girl fight that occurred... which was quickly ushered off the stage (go bouncers, go!).  PS - the bouncer right in front is huge.  Don't you dare think of climbing on stage.  The main floor appeared mostly packed, so we chose a spot right behind the railing by the upper bar.  View was good - a bit confused by the VIP (maybe?) area behind the sound booth where a few people were hanging out.  Sound quality was a bit muffled, but maybe I just had a hard time understanding the lyrics and the banter onstage.  Still, it wasn't the most superb.I spotted two bars, one close behind where I stood... there was plenty of room for purchasers at the bar and the crowd watching the show from the higher level; the second bar was on the left side of the room.  Both bars were extremely overpriced considering the liquor prices in Vegas, so I opted out.  *Shows:  The upcoming band lineup looked great.  I'd definitely consider a late night concert in Vegas easily.  *Location :  Easy to find in Mandalay Bay*Parking:  A cinch.  Vegas is good for parking.  Free self-parking all over the place!  *Price:  Seemed reasonable (~$20).  If you were local to LV, you could get into the Steel Panther show I saw at HOB for free.  And who said there's no such thing as a free show?  It exists here.
3	Tried to come in here for an early lunch at about 10:40 on the morning we checked out of Mandalay. They weren't serving lunch until 11 and didn't offer us the opportunity to just hang around so we ended up ordering breakfast. I got the gravy and biscuits (which the waitress immediately corrected to "biscuits and gravy" - strange) and the wife got a breakfast burrito that seemed pretty standard.Overall we were in and out in less than 30 minutes. Service was ok, food was ok, kind of annoyed by the whole thing, hence the 3 stars.
3	Not fancy, but cool as hell. Kinda like the blue bayou at disneyland in atmosphere (trying to create an outdoor, southern atmosphere inside) but with actual solid interpretations of southern classics. Service is spotty but, hell, you're in a casino and the chef isn't a celebrity. Biscuits and gravy rock the party, but, predictably, you can only eat about one, since they are so rich. Still, yum yum. Also, beans, rice and jambalaya kicked my ass. In a good way. Spicy, tons of protein, rice not cooked too much and hot sauce. Buh-bye hangover. Best part? If you eat here for breakfast your receipt has a 2-1 offer for breakfast the next morning (Read: grub on biscuits and gravy for free. WORD!)This is a great stop if you're in the Mandalay/Luxa/Ex area. :)
2	Hit up House of Blues for Lunch, while in Vegas...Ambeince  great, service was good, restaurant was actually fairly busy for a Monday afternoon.  Food was just ok, not great.  We got the Shrimp Po Boy, Gumbo, Blue Burger, Blackened chicken Sandwich and Kids Mac. Decent portions, just not a lot of flavor... but lets face it theres better eats in vegas and your not stoping here for the culinary excellence, its the music, drinks and location!  Have fun play hard its vegas baby!!
2	This place is huge and sits off to the side in the Manadalay Bay casino.  It has that fake rustic look and lots of tables everywhere with a stage for their acts.   HOB is about the merchandise and not the food.  I have never seen a show here. I ate breakfast here once.  I ordered a $11 ity bity breakfast burrito that was the blandest thing ever!  Plus service was so-so for being so dead.  Their lunch/dinner menu looks good, but after the bad breakfast I probably wouldn't head back.
2	Didn't like this place on a Sunday night. Really expensive beers and the music wasn't good blues. Seemed more of rock music. Plus there were a lot of weird paintings.
3	Like all House of booze's, I usually only come when a good band or artist is perfoming.  Sound is decently well, and you can for the most part have a good view of the stage anywhere you stand, unless it's packed like the night I went to see Social Distortion play.  This place gets negative points for having limited bartenders to a sold out Social D show, having to wait in a line to get a drink is no fun!!!!!I would come here again though!
5	5 Stars??!! For the Vegas HOB??!!  Really?Yeah.... here's why..... My wife and I stay in Vegas way too much. We love Mandalay Bay. Invariably, I check out who's playing the HOB downstairs, plunk down the money (generally a great deal) and go see a band of which I have a passing interest.I've been blown away by some bands (Porcupine Tree) and pleasantly surprised by others (Joe Satriani, Styx, Flogging Molly) Some have been a drunkin mess. (I'm looking at you, Joe Rogan)All have been entertaining.
5	I've been here before, but never for their happy hour.Came here prior to a night of clubbing at Vanity.  The happy hour wasn't huge or anything , but what I did order was super tasty!Ordered:Spinach & Artichoke Dip-  Man this was a huge order of chips and dip.  Red chips and white chips ...oh my !!   I love this stuff... one of the best I have tasted.Buffalo Wings-  $5.00 for a pound of wings... Score !!!  Don't forget the ranch, napkins, extra napkins, and a wedge of lemon to help cleanse your hands of the buffalo scent.  The power of citrus ...amazing !!Blue Skittles Shot-  This was not on the happy hour, but it was recommended by my server.  It really did taste like a Skittle!  I wonder if there are other shots that taste like the rest of the rainbow?  He let me keep the shot glass too!  Heck yeah !!I recommend this place for cheap Happy Hour on the strip.  Great value!Free shot glass, good recommendation from the server, cheap happy hour, awesome Spinaach Dip and Wings... how can I not give them a 5?
3	Overpriced drinks and food, but the best place to go for shows.  If it wasn't for the concerts, I would have no desire to come back.
5	yup, it's a fiver =)I enjoy the service and the food is good, too...after a long day bringing tourists to Vegas on vacation, I'm due for some down time my self. I enjoy some live music, a plate of baby back ribs, some sweet potato fries and a Stella...life's good.  The staff is friendly and fast, from the waiters to the bartenders, and my food is always done just like I like it.  It's a fiver...yup!!!
3	* We used restaurant.com gift certificate for lunch.* I had the steak salad and it was just ok.* I wished we went to the Gospel brunch instead of just the regular restaurant area.* I think this place is better for dinner than lunch fare. I think it will be more lively :).
2	The service is so very slow.  It took far too long just to get our drink orders in.  Then another millenium went by waiting for them.  Then the food came out so much later.  Our server was friendly, but it could not make up for the tremendously slow service.  No, it was not that busy either.The food is just ok at best.  I ordered an omlette and it was edible, but not much better than that.  Just no flavor.I knew better, but I let friends make the choice.  Never again.
5	My wife and I frequent this place mainly cause its UBER fun! Let's start with the concerts. Decently priced entertainment in Vegas is hard to come by. Here I rock out with the wife in a totally cool concert hall and I still got enough for the booze. The last act I caught here was Satriani and dude was I blown away! Ok now the food is the usual fair but not the generic casino food you always see. Wings are hot served with slaw and bleu cheese. Pepperoni Pizza's are crisp. Smokehouse Burger with Bacon is my usual choice cause with the burgers they load the fries. They also put together a pretty good rib platter. Ceaser salad with Salmon was nicely put together. Gumbo was flavorful and filled with sausage and shredded chicken. So if your down for the type of food that goes great with loud live music and I say this cause there is always some band or act playing on the main stage then your in for a treat. The Bread Pudding is what the wife likes. Servers here are simply the most down to earth people you'll ever meet. Amongst the chaos of live music she was able to keep our order totally straight with a smile to die for. Party of six. I don't  mention names in my reviews but if you get the sweetest red hair lady you will agree. Since you read this far here the secret tip, the happy hour is the best time cause its half off all the appetizers. Other times this place can tend to be a bit pricey with the added entertainment taxes that Las Vegas charges when Live music is playing. If you go to  http://restaurant.com your able to get a discount voucher that you can use to counter this extra expense. My last note on the House is Check out the Steel Panther act. I had a good buzz and stumbled in to the concert. It was the funnest time I ever had at a rock concert. It was Hilarious!!! Then after the concert there's an DJ Spinning out After the restaurant closes. This place is way too much fun.
5	My 21st birthday was spent in Vegas, and in the duration of my trip I visited House the House of Blues twice! I couldn't ask for a better place to have gone for my birthday! I love the House of Blues. This one isn't the first one I've been to, although, I do think that this is probably my favorite one so far. The food is really great here. I love their caesar dressing, and the chocolate cake is to die for. The drinks are moderately priced, just like the food. HOB is just a great place to come and relax on a lazy Vegas night or to come and jam out with some of music's biggest names to date. It is usually packed, so it is a good idea to have someone arrive about 30 minutes early to get your name on the list.I love the decor, the giant tree in the middle of the restaurant, especially. The Dia De Los Muertos theme is really great, too. I shall return to you, House of Blues.
4	Came here for some special event for UNLV. It was some kind of contest setup for bartending. I guess it was sponsored by Sailor Jerry rum. There were a whole bunch of cutie rockabilly girls there showing off all their ink. The hubby was sad to have missed that!So I was to drink the 4 types of drinks they were pouring and pick my favorite. We could go up and get as many as we wanted which was nice. Its always fun to have an excuse to drink..it was a contest after all.They even had a nice foodie table set up with fruits/meats/cheese. So people had something in the ol' tummy before drinking themselves silly.For a free event it sure was fun!
4	My husband and our friends wanted to eat someplace where we could sit down and relax after a long day, and long walks, so we decided to check out the blues. It was nice. I was expecting a performance, but there wasn't anything going on when we came in, but oh well, their food was still good. The service was great. This is a nice place to come for dinner to relax, chat and sober up. We wouldn't mind coming back here again. I gave it a 4 because it was a little dark in there... I get it, its the theme, but still... I'd like a little more light.
4	We came here for Happy Hour with half price appetizers and drink specials. There was a guy playing acoustic guitar who was pretty good in my opinion. One of the girls who worked there said it was there pretty much every weekday performing during Happy Hour. It was a nice addition to the experience. We had: -margarita pizza (just OK- I've had better) -spinach dip (good but served with a sort of potato chip like thing that I didn't care for) -chicken wings on a bed of coleslaw (I guess the wings were small but flavorful and the coleslaw was average is what was reported to me since I do not eat meat) -Voodoo Shrimp (excellent--served with cornbread and it was yummy!) For 3 of us and we each got a drink special it was less than $50 so for Vegas it was pretty reasonable and we left full!
4	My wife and I have been at this establishment a number of times.   We usually order the chicken wings as an appetizer, along with the catfish fingers and sweet potato  fries.   The pizza isn't worth the time or the money.  The spinach dip with fries would be better if they ditched the potato chips and instead use pita chips.   Usually the service is fast, but last night we had to wait quite a while.   Burgers are good and the drink prices are reasonable.  All in all a good place to enjoy live music.
3	after about an hour of arguing what to eat, my friend and i reluctantly decided on h.o.b.  much to our surprise it was pretty good. got the blackened chicken sangwich with sweet potato fries.  hit the spot big time.now where is my straw.......
4	I was in Vegas recently for my birthday and we decided to have a snack to break us away from gambling for a bit. The main draw was the happy hour specials for appetizers at $6 a pop. Upon walking in, I immediately enjoyed the interior. There was a lot of interesting things to look upon, including a gargantuan fake tree. Also, a musician started playing acoustically, which was unexpected and made the experience more fun. When the food arrived, we were very pleasantly surprised with the portions because we weren't expecting so much for the money we were paying. We enjoyed the spinach dip with kettle chips and the shrimp with cornbread. The cornbread was SO good and the sauce they put on the plate was a big hit with all three of us. Definitely my favorite. The wings were just average. We ended up not even finishing all of the apps, with the exception of the shrimp dish. Not bad for 18 bucks betwixt 3 people!
4	Cool lively spot to have a few drinks and appetizers.  The live band was cool.
3	Great place for a burger and beer snack. Fried pickles are very good and the service is always friendly and efficient. Not a mind blowing experience, but you always know what you are going to get and it's decent food.
5	We really enjoyed our visit to the House of Blues. Everything from the food to the ambience was perfect! We ordered a variety of menu items so we could dine family-style between 6 people. I'm not an expert in cajun-style cuisine but everything I tried, I really loved. We had: voodoo shrimp, gumbo, jambalaya, blackened jumbo shrimp with fettucini alfredo, and baby back ribs! OH EM GEE, the ribs were spectacular! Tender, moist, and oh so delicious! I was completely addicted to the shrimp fettucini dish. It was served over a bed of alfredo and spicy tomato sauce. YUM! I also got to sample some desserts as well. My faves were the bread pudding and the apple tart. And by the way, the portions are HUGE so be sure to be hungry!Service is great here...the servers are friendly, efficient, and very good at what they do. The atmosphere was upbeat and fun, with a live band 30 feet away from our table. Can't wait to return to the House of Blues!
4	The bf wanted to see Bad Brains in the worst way and much to his surprise they were playing at House of Blues last night. Hooray! According to him this was a rare treat (I guess they were only playing 3 dates in the US). The tickets were cheap and because we were locals (with local ID) we got the service charge waived and some sort of VIP drink pass which gave us discounted well drinks, house wine and domestic beers. The box office staff were friendly and quite helpful. On the day of the show there was no line to get in, the bouncers were pleasant (that's kinda rare in Vegas...maybe because I am a girl). There were a bunch of people standing to the side smoking (since I last came here they made everyone go out into the casino to smoke...kinda weird).We roll up to the bar and they had big boy cans of beer. We wanted PBR but they were out so we opted for Miller Lite. With our cool discount band we got 2 for $12. That isn't horrible by Vegas standards Sam, the bartender, was awesome and sweet. Totally made us feel at home (well as best as he could considering the music was loud and the crowd was rowdy).Overall we had a blast at the show and I didn't even feel old (I was probably the average). Plus...there were not too many skeezy guys trying to scam on girls...hooray! Will be back if there is another band that we want to see.
5	One of the best venues to see a rock show! Drinks are expensive, but there's not a bad seat in the house.
2	Went there for dinner with some friends.  I was not impressed at all.  The shrimp appetizer was OK.  The jambalaya was spicy hot (good) but mostly because it was swamped with black pepper (bad).  All I tasted was black pepper.  Service was slow and I never got a refill on my drink or even my water.
3	VENUE REVIEW - not the restaurant Here's the dealio with HOB: For a long time they genuinely were a venue that did absolutely nothing to cater to locals. They jacked up prices and made concert goers pay outrageous random fees. Which, by the way, you will STILL have to pay if you purchase any tickets for this venue on Ticketmaster. A ticket that starts at a base of $25 will end up costing you $37 by the time you finally purchase (no joke here).So, as a local, I do have the ability to purchase tickets directly at the box office and if YOU are a local, I suggest you do the same. I recently went to see Jimmy Eat World here and purchased my ticket on site. SHOW THEM YOUR LOCAL ID before they punch in the purchase! They will waive the fees AND you will receive a pass that gets you a percentage off of drinks in the venue on the night of the show. YAY! The night I went to see JEW, it was an all ages crowd, which is always a little annoying, but I digress. I do think HOB is a nice venue and it is versatile. I have seen many shows here: Ghostland Observatory, Less Thank Jake, Reel Big Fish, and also, Adam Carolla doing stand up. The JEW show I think was over-sold. There was just WAY too many people crammed in the venue. HOB has a special vibe, it has a good bar staff and an intimate feel - and you should not have to be crammed up against someone like you're at freaking Warped Tour when you go there.I really think they should streamline their process of getting in as well. Do I REALLY need to be asked 3 times to show my ticket? Especially when I already get in the venue and have two paper bracelets on my arm? Digging my ticket out of my purse once I've walked down the stairs is just a hassle, and is unnecessary.Anyway, every concert venue in Vegas over-prices their tickets in my opinion. They know they can get away with it because so many people from out of town come to see shows here, but at least HOB is now offering the locals discount.
1	***THIS IS STRICTLY FOR THE LATIN NIGHT VENUE OF HOB***House of Blues Latin nights, Thursdays @Mandalay Bay, no goood :( ENOUGH SAID. lol.All I can really say is that me and my girlfriend were really hyped to check out this night since there are not a whole lot of Latin nights in Las Vegas, and it sounded even better that it was at Mandalay Bay. I thought it was funny that on this particular night, as me and my girl were on our way over to HOB, we listened to the Dj say on the radio say "This place is poppin tonight!! Whoop whoop!" YET when we arrived around at 12:30am,10 minutes before we heard the Dj's announcement, there was a total of 8 people on the dance floor :/ I would say the DJ over exaggerated a bit. This was a very disappointing Latin night and what sucks is that this place has SO MUCH POTENTIAL TO BE GREAT. Great location, plenty of room to sit, a decent sized dance floor, music is perfect, BUT for some reason- NO CROWD!! I dont get it.
2	Man, (most) security guards SUCKED this time around. . .
1	When I went to see Brandon Flowers here (my one and only, hopefully last visit to this HOB) the staff was horrible.  I know this will sound silly and like I'm exaggerating, but I truly felt like none of them had ever organized/worked a concert before.  It was absolute chaos.  I go to concerts all the time and this was by far the worst experience I've had with a venue and their ability to fairly and effectively manage the crowd.  Lots of people were waiting all day long before the show started and hours later, closer to showtime, the whole line was moved around about 8 or 9 times.  One guy would tell us we were all in the wrong place and needed to line up by the escalators, then someone else would lead us to a different spot in the casino, then back in front of the venue again, and it went on and on and on.  This whole time the line was getting messed up and people were running around like crazy trying to make sure they didn't get screwed out of their spot.  Once they finally decided where to put us, half the people were facing in one direction and half in the other direction.  The staff couldn't even decide where the front of the line was!  It was so ridiculous none of us could believe it.  They continued to be completely unorganized and when we were finally let into the venue, they destroyed the line again by holding back the right side & letting tons of people from the left go in...and then did the same to the other side.  Do these people not understand the point of lining up??  It's not just for fun, it's because we all spent many hours trying to ensure a great spot.  Telling us "every spot is a good spot" is irrelevant and makes it clear that you don't understand at ALL.  Oh I forgot to mention the best part.  To even get into this line that would be let in first, they force you to spend $20 in their store or restaurant to get a pass in.  So if you're a huge fan of whoever is playing, just know that the 'Pass The Line' people will be let in before you unless you shell out an additional $20.  Way to pray on the fans, make a quick buck, and then treat us like crap, HOB.  Not amused at all.I hope Brandon never plays here again, because he's the only musician I'd go through this for again.  I almost gave them 2 stars because the bartender was nice when I asked for water, but they really don't deserve it.
4	Food is good. Service is average. Open for breakfast & way cheaper than the other sit down breakfast places in Luxor or Mandalay Bay. Has a bounce back coupon, eat breakfast here one morning, get a coupon for the following day 2-4-1 breakfast entree. Also has a rocking Happy Hour from 2 - 6 pm Monday - Friday $2.00 domestic pints, $3.00 import pints.
2	Now, I have been to many a show at House of Blues. This venue is amazing for intimate shows and always good for a dance party. Recently, they have been advertising local specials on drinks. I am guessing this is to attract more local traffic as I am sure it has decreased with the opening of the Cosmo and they're great line-up of shows. We went to see Panic! at the Disco, whom we are all fans of. The show was great, but when we asked about the local drink specials, we were told by the bartender that he had no idea what we were talking about. Meanwhile on a television screen behind him, the advertisements were playing, We pointed this out to him and were told, "Everyone pays the same price". Hey House of Blues, if you want us to pay $10 for a tall boy of PBR, we will. Just don't tell us it'll be cheaper. BOOOOOOOOOO!
4	My girlfriend invited me out last night to House of Blues at MGM.  She had free tickets to try out their new menu. I have never gone and have always wanted to so I told her to count me in!We were greater by a friendly staff and escorted to our table. It was a little cramped for me but nothing I couldn't manage. Our server was really fun, his name was Jason. We ordered the house salad, Cobb salad, chicken wings, and two mixed drinks served in a mason jar that we even got to keep. The food was presented very beautifully with a great appearance. The house salad was sort of bland and boring. The Cobb salad was amazing. I loved how they placed all the items individually on the plate so you could remove the items you didn't want like the bleu cheese. It was really appetizing and delicious. The chicken wings were great! Not to spicy but had just enough of a little kick. The problem with the chicken wings was the size. They served them whole and were not cut up individually into a breast, wing, and thigh. It was totally messy! My hand were covered in sauce and I felt like a carnivore trying to rip the meat off the bones. The atmosphere was great! A live jazzy band was playing and people were dancing. We had a great time.  I would definitely come back in the future.
2	The decor was too dark and too grim, not a fan. However the mac and cheese side tasted alright. I order bbq ribs as an entree. It was well done and tender but the sauce left something to be desired. The sweet potato fries were tasty! For the high price, I would *not* bother.
3	After 10pm there are not many dining choices, so we went for a late dinner after a show.  There was a band playing, so it was extremely noisy (of course).  The food and service are just ok - typical bar food.  But, the people watching was quite entertaining!
4	I was in LV for my sisters wedding and decided to check this place out by myself and had a blast to say the least lol. People seem to be so much nicer when youre out of town on vacation. Will definitely be coming back.
4	Oh biscuits and gravy - thou art a comfort food for my belly and soul.  After too many nights up in a row until your nerves are shooting acetacholin randomly and and are as frayed as the bottom of your favorite jeans - thy creamy goodness smoothes over the jagged edges and coates the belly that by now is a cess pool of 3 olive martinis and grand marnier.
3	This review is based on my experience at the Panic! at the Disco show held in their music venue 6/18/11.It was my first time inside the venue, it is beautifully decorated in what I can only describe as a voodoo-goth theme. There are really cool lighted cut-out scenes on both sides of the room, a giant chandelier in the center of the seating area, and the common areas have really cool accessories.We were in the nosebleed general admission area up on the third floor.  They do general admission differently than other venues, I was expecting to be on the floor (we used to call them pits in the day), something like how they do at the Pearl at the Palms.They had some sofas that gave the best view from the general admissions area, but they required a $200+ bar purchase to sit there.Overall, the band was great (but way too much chit chat in between songs). They had two opening acts (not mentioned on the tickets), so they didn't go on until 2 hours after showtime. The sound system was mediocre. I got a lot of feedback where I was sitting, so all of my videos of the band sound like crap.I don't think I would go back here for a musical act in the future unless I really had to.
4	My first time going to the HOB Gospel Brunch, and I actually thought this experience was really great.  My advice: get there when the doors open, rush to your table, and go straight for the buffet.  Dump your plate of food on the table and get your dessert from the dessert station.  I say that because (1) the buffet line gets looooong, and (2) I noticed the dessert table right away and thought I would get something later after I ate... but they never refilled the Key Lime Pie and some of the other goodies that were there.The food: Lots of cajun classics, from jambalaya to biscuits and grits. There was also a carving station with a mound of chilled peel-and-eat shrimp.As a vegetarian, I was thrilled to see they had a vegetarian pasta... and it was delicious.  It had a bunch of veggies in it (like brocolli, califlower, tomatoes), and pesto, with melted cheese on top.  That's pretty much all I ate from the main buffet line, besides some breakfast potatoes. The french toast sticks were horrendous...obviously some food service garbage that was freezer-burned.They also had beautiful fresh fruit, pastries, and mini bundt cakes.  The bundt cakes were chocolate, vanilla, or blueberry  (and I might have seen a lemon or pineapple one on the bottom) and I loved them.The music: I am not a particularly religious person and I knew absolutely nothing about gospel music. Going into it  I thought it was going to be more neutral... more inspirational than religous.  However, it was quite religious. There were tons Amens and Hallelujahs, and Jesus was thanked many times, which is fine - they were doing their thing and I respect that. They even did the classic hymn, "Amazing Grace," and it was beautiful.The singers and band overall were outstanding, and they sang for at least an hour.  It was about $40/person which I think is an excellent deal for quality food and entertainment. I would definitely go to the Gospel Brunch again, perhaps at another House of Blues to see how they do it in another city.F.Y.I. - the noise level was about a 9/10, you couldn't hear the person next to you over the music while you were eating.
2	My wife and I have been going to Thursday night dinner at House of Blues for many years, as we enjoy seeing some of our favorite local bands play during dinner. Last night was the first time we have been there in a couple months, and were severely disappointed.To start the night off poorly, the hostess placed us, essentially, on the casino floor in the farthest table from the stage. We asked if we could have one of the empty tables closer to the stage, being told "no, there is no server for that section." Before our drink order was taken, there were people seated at those empty tables.Then, looking at the menu, we were even more disappointed and aggravated. We expect to pay more than normal restaurant prices to eat at House of Blues. However, $3.99 for an ice cream scoop of luke warm/cold mashed potatoes and the same price for an equal amount of snap peas is asinine. Their entire menu has drastically gone up in price and down in selection. None of the good items are available anymore.The only reason two stars got marked, after talking to one of the floor managers, she apologized at the illogical reason we were not permitted to sit at quality tables, moved us to a better section and comp'd us some drinks and dessert. Our servers were also pretty on top of things. After having that first, bad experience as we got to the restaurant, it tilted the night's mood.
3	Our group accidentally went to the House of Blues during their 2 to 6 happy hour and it was a great, great deal with a couple hits and misses.The carribean jerk chicken wings are a big hit! The wings themselves are huge since they are both wing and drumsticks. The seasoning on them is delicious and hits that great balance of spicy, savory, and sweet.I got the beef street tacos and those were a major miss. They were tiny, dry and lacking any flavor.The pulled pork sliders were somewhere between the other dishes as they were a bit dry and not as flavorful but were still satisfying.The best thing about the whole thing was that the total came out to $25 for 4 dishes. A great value in my opinion that filled us up and was good.It is also good to note that the menu at the Las Vegas location is an abbreviated version of their other locations.
4	went there for breakfast with a group of 6.  i ordered the joe's scramble and really liked it.  had a side of hashbrowns.  would come back!
4	Been here many times, and have never been disappointed. The food is always good, breakfast, lunch, or dinner, and I've never had bad service. Great venue to see a show. Didn't care too much for the Gospel Brunch, but I was extremely hung over, and it was a bit loud.
3	Review for Concert area only. Was here to see a great local band Moksha on Saturday. As a concert venue this place is OK. I have been to a few shows here in the past, this was my first since yelping. Ultimately there isn't anything in my book to say that's really great about the place, or that is really bad about it. Hence in the middle with 3 stars. The venue it a bit intimate with its setup, that you can be up close. Its not really big, so crowd is together for it. Sound and lighting are both good. Drink Prices are usually average strip prices, $13 for a tall boy of Guinness extra stout isn't to bad in my book. Ultimately if you like a band that is playing here, go see them. The venue is not going to add much to the show, but won't detract from it either.
3	Dinner at the House of Blues nearly inspired me to sing the blues. If I had a mic and harmonica I'd sing you a woeful tune about the ahi tuna appetizer. Tiny, bland and overpriced.The St. Louis ribs that featured more inedible gristle than meat.The redeeming factors that push the review from 1 to 3 stars would be the great service and music we enjoyed during our visit.Next time I'll go back for drinks and a show, but I'll eat my food elsewhere.
3	Came in around 6:20 maybe (darn, just missed happy hour!) and asked the hostess for her opinion: we had a show to catch at 7:30, would we have enough time to eat here or should we go somewhere else? She said we'd be fine and that it usually takes 45 minutes so we got seated.We asked our waitress about the Yelp deal that gives you a free appetizer with order of an entree and she said she'd have to check with her manager first because they might only accept printed coupons. C'mon hon, it's a deal that you get from checking in on Yelp with your mobile phone, if you expect people to print this out then I'm going to yell at you. So when she comes back she ends up saying that she thinks it's okay but another waiter is taking over our table so when we pay, we can just bring up the deal to him. I ordered the chicken quesadilla appetizer and BF got one of the sandwiches (I think chicken) with sweet potato fries upgrade. Then we waited and waited and waited. Our waiter had already refilled our water glasses twice and then as we continued to wait, I think he just started to avoid our table altogether. At maybe 7:10 I finally just stopped him and asked how much longer our food would be and he said he would check. He came back with our food and I asked for the check and had to ask about the Yelp deal all over again.BF's order did not have sweet potato fries, no way did we have time to exchange it though. As irritated as I was, when we began to eat it was kind of like "okay, well this is pretty yummy.." That's pretty much the only thing saving them in this review because I'm still so irritated by the communication between workers and the service overall. Yes they were friendly but geez. The hostess knew we were in a rush but never bothered to let our servers know? And when you switch out servers you should be updating the server replacing you about anything regarding the table, don't tell the customer to re-explain something to the new server. I understand our situation was a little different because we were in a rush to begin with but if we were going to wait that long just to receive the food, I would've appreciated being told at the door that I should consider eating somewhere faster. Most dishes are overpriced but the Yelp deal did make it worth eating there so thanks Yelp! Rather unpleasant experience but the food was not to blame
2	Just some average food. Let's be honest if you are eating here its because you just want something quick or casual. Nothing bad, just average. The waitress we had though was good. Quick, helpful, and did a fantastic job.
3	Decent food option in the Mandalay.  Southern style eats were OK, not fantastic, but OK.  Good coffee at breakfast!  And a pretty decent happy hour too.
2	You are better off going to T.G.I. Fridays for the food.  The price of the food for the quality is not worth. I ordered the Hand Stretched Grilled Flatbread, it took over a hour to get it after placing the order. The server was ok but he had four tables that placed orders as well. That took longer to serve. He never acknowledge that fact of the matter. If your are a tourist coming to Vegas, by all means check out the venue, bar, & gift shop. If your are dining in the restaurant prepare for a high bill, ok  food, & mediocre service.
3	We were pleasantly surprised! We went for some happy hour drinks/food to tide us over before the main meal later that evening and left content. I don't remember if they even had drink specials but I do remember a Corona... pretty good stuff! I recommend one (or 10). Took forever to get someone to our table, though. That, and some moron was at the table next to us YELLING at his cell phone for 15 minutes. Seriously? Entertaining for a minute, but straight up annoying when you realize it's not quite loud enough to eavesdrop on!We got the seared-tuna tostadas and the basil/mozzarella flatbread. Both were pretty good. Don't expect much in the way of those tostadas though, as there are 3 that come per order and their "tostada" is actually a tortilla chip. Pretty tasty, but come on... I guess nobody would order it if they said it was "seared tuna on a tortilla chip". The flat bread was fairly big though, and better than expected.Nothing fancy, but it hit the spot. Plus, the guy singing cover tunes was pretty good.
3	We went to the HOB for a Volbeat concert that absolutely rocked! The atmosphere, layout and decor was perfect. I really like the placement and size of the bars, the floor and the stage. My only serious complaints are the amount and strictness of security and the $$$. Beers were $13, that just ridiculous. Mixed drinks were tiny and no alcohol for $10. It was a rip off. Two drinks cost more than the tickets to the show. The security guards were everywhere a little too oppressive for a rather tame crowd. We had a great time so I'll give this place a 3 but I'm not in a hurry to go back.
3	I'm a big fan of House of Blues, more so because of the live music.  The food isn't anything special, satisfying nonetheless.  The service was also satisfactory. Fun ambiance though!
3	Went to see Raekwan, ghostface kills and Mob Deep.  The night was pop'n. I had such a great time I'm not even sure if I made it to their performance.  The drinks were not the best tasting but was strong.  If you have a chance to eat before you get in I'd advise to do so.  The pizza was not that great even when I was a little buzzed.
3	On another solo work trip the House of Blues affords something to listen and look at while eating slightly above average Southern food. Lineup never fails to entertain and space at the bar is almost always available though sightlines to stage can be a challenge.
4	Went to see Steel   Got to the show just in time.  Large forum, easy to see where ever you stand.  We were able to walk right up to the stage during the show, even though the floor was a bit crowded.  Everyone was friendly and service was good.  We weren't here to eat so I didn't experience the food just the alcohol and show.
5	Nice location in Mandalay Bay. Good menu selections with high quality food. The happy hour prices are a wonderful value for very good items. We were very happy with the service as well and plan to return when we go back to Vegas.
4	I came here for the first time a couple of weeks back for the Blue October show. I'm a big fan! First off - this House of Blues is a little different. It's built into the Mandalay Bay casino, so it can be a little disconcerting. Even more odd - the House of Blues preserves the House of Blues theme - in the middle of the gaudy casino floor. So it looks a little off.All that changes when you get inside. Inside it's your typical House of Blues. Restaurant out front and concert theater in the back. We were fortunate enough to be in the "secret" James Brown private room that overlooks the stage at the back. We had our own cocktail waitress who brought us drinks all night and we also sampled the menu. Of the food that we had I remember the Chipotle Chicken w/ Hominy - Delicious! I recommend ordering this highly. It was so good that you'll want to lick the plate - seriously! After the show we rode the elevator all the way to the very top of the casino to go to the afterparty in the Foundation Room. Bottle service was had - very prompt and attentive service indeed. The Foundation room is split into two parts - public and private. The public area has an outdoors area where you can actually go out and look at the strip.My only complaint is that the middle aged white dudes in there couldn't dance worth a crap and made some very questionable decisions. Additionally, one of them thought it would be a good idea to "dance up" on a gogo dancer and got removed from the premises.The show was fantastic, the service was fantastic, and the food was delicious. I recommend catching a show here!
5	Gospel Brunch in Sin City is so edifying! Growing up in the South, the excellent music and vocals from the Desert Angels (http://www.desertangels.com/) brought back soulful and sweet memories of my upbringing. I was impressed that other Las Vegas locals were also in attendance. Glad there are people open to praising the Good Lawd above while feasting on a Southern-style buffet at the House of God... I mean, House of Blues.
2	would not do again. Was sooooo disappointed in the food!!! I also expected a complementary mimosa or bloody Mary..but alas it was serve yourself at the bar OJ and tepid coffee. There was no table service..but they wanted you to tip...I don't get it.
2	I love this venue, but lately cosmo has more shows. So until they get indie bands to play here, I'll be at cosma. Plus cosmo has free concerts at book and stage.
4	This is evidence that key to happiness most of the time are low expectations.  As much as I was against someone choosing this for lunch, it actually turned out to be the best place we ate the whole 3 days in Vegas.  So, do give it the right chance and enjoy both the food, service and atmosphere!  Highlights - quesadilla's, flatbreads and ahi tuna anything.Overall, a great experience!
3	We stopped in here on our last day for breakfast. All House of Blues locations are usually eclectic in decor and that's great. It was just so dark in there!I knew I wanted french toast. But I saw other things on the menu that I wanted, so without blowing my budget, I had to come up with a plan. I got the 3 egg omelet with andouille sausage, onion and bacon. YUM. It was chock full of ingredients and they weren't just hidden between the folds of the eggs, they were bursting from the seams. It was so delicious and filling AND I had a side of french toast from the kids' menu! Our server was a bit scattered. He was nice, though. My cousin didn't like his response, though when she asked what they had to drink. Sometimes you just want to know if a restaurant has coke or pepsi products. He asked her what she'd like to drink and her question was "what do you have?" He pointed at the bar -- and that was his answer. Obviously there's a bar, but what else is there? Anyway, I had coffee-- and it was good, too.
1	If you want the House of Blues you enjoyed in 2010 or earlier, spare yourself the trip. The restaurant has a new chef who decided the menu should lose the new orleans flare for a more modern American fare (think high dollar Dennys). Totally unimaginative now.
4	Breakfast is my favorite meal here.  I love the waffles, but had the eggs and corned beef hash.  In spite of the fast food nature of the kitchen this place has great food.  I do really like this restaurant, but advise that breakfast has the most consistently good food here.  Lunch, and dinner can sometimes be an adventure.
3	The Crossroads at House of Blues is one of the better casual dining experiences on the Mandalay Property.  The overall experience rates as average to slightly better than average when compared to similar options in Vegas, but the good kind of average where you won't find yourself too disappointed by the experience...only wishing that it was a little better.  It's not "on" the Strip, but with fair prices and decent sized portions, it's not a bad place to grab a meal/snack and some drinks.I have eaten at the House of Blues (Crossroads not the Foundation Room) twice, most recently in late 2010.  It's one of those places where the food is ok for the price and you don't have to worry about much going wrong - nothing excellent but nothing bad.  This is just my opinion, but as far as Resort on-property food options go, the House of Blues is a decent casual-affordable destination: not in the top tier but certainly not at the bottom.  I think the place is understaffed or lacks proper management, but if you can avoid going when the crowds are in, you will improve your experience exponentially.  Items I have tried include: quesadilla, jambalaya, ribs, burger, kid's pizza, and assorted appetizers and sides.  Overall, the food is average: not great but not bad.  The burgers had nice toppings (could have been put together better) and good flavor.  The ribs were a bit interesting: I appreciated the Cajun attempt but some in my group didn't like it.  Aside from this minor or major taste distraction, the ribs were also a bit dry.  The jambalaya was bland and the pieces of meat ranged from good to rubbery.  The restaurant appears to suffer from a little lack of effort or quality control.  Despite these less than flattering comments, the basic menu items aren't bad and can easily be improved with a little BBQ sauce or hot sauce.  Most people will visit because of the House of Blues "thing" but you'll also see your share of Mandalay guests who've never even heard of the franchise.  If you're coming with kids or seniors, I suggest you come during lunch or have an early dinner because it does get crowded during the weekends and during events.  I think it's too loud and dark for kids and most seniors, but the restaurant isn't exactly aiming for that demographic.  Both of my visits were during non-peak hours (less than 15 diners in the restaurant) and I found the service to be efficient.  Our server came by and got everything we needed, but it wasn't what you would call "friendly" service...YMMV. There are a lot of casual dining options, and despite not being perfect, the House of Blues does offer Mandalay guests a nice alternative to fine dining and fast food.  The experience ranges from "hip night spot" to "dead during the day" so plan your visit according to your expectations.  There are places with worse service and worse food, so for the category that it's competing in (casual resort property dining) - I think the House of Blues is ok as long as you stick with the basics like burgers and sandwiches.  It's a solid 3 stars when compared to others in the category, but can easily be improved upon with better management and improvements to the recipes/cooking.
4	Mandalay Bay is a beautiful hotel, but aside from that.  I have to say that the House Of Blues is a great place to hang out and see bands.  I went to see Motorhead a couple years back and was blown away!   The venue was just the right size.  Not to big, not to small.  Never dined here, just had drinks, but the experience was great!
4	I have seen tons of shows here, they have some cool deals for locals like half off drinks and waived ticket fees. It is in Mandalay Bay and they always have great bands coming through here. I have seen Rancid, Motorhead, Bad Religion, Bad Brains, and a few other shows there this year. Good times!
3	The staff members are all complete idiots. But it's the nicest venue in Las Vegas to see a band play live.
4	This review is for the HOB as a concert venue only.  I've not eaten here, so I can't speak to the restaurant side of the house.  My buddy and I were there for a Steel Panther show.  The Panther rocked it, of course, but this review is of the venue itself.  This HOB location is pretty much like the other HOB locations I have been to for shows.  They do a good job.  It's not hard to find a comfortable spot to watch the show, and at least in this instance, the sound quality was very good.  I see about 30 shows a year at various venues, and I have no complaints about is one.  Like other HOB locations, it's not hard to get a drink, as there are plenty of bars, and bar maids serving drinks on the floor.  Drink prices are typical for what one usually pays at a show.  24oz beers were $14.  However, shame on the bar tender for charging $5.00 for a tonic water served out of the gun.
3	I have only been to house of blues for concerts, not to eat here (no vegan options!).  The venue is OK, I think it's decent for concerts, it's small, has a General admission and seating section.  Full Bar down stairs and decent bathrooms.  The staff has always been decent when I have been there.  The drink prices are about as good as you would expect, especially for vegas.  Not sure what else people expect to find.  My suggestion is to hit up the bar across from HOB and get a huge freezy drink for $9 with an extra shot.  It will save you money (unless you want water).I would come back here again, and I love Mandalay Bay too!
1	Made me sick...Literally.So my husband and I were in Vegas for his birthday and just wanted to catch lunch. So we headed into HOB inside Mandalay Bay because we saw they had Happy Hour from like 2-6. About 30 minutes after I ate (I had the fried chicken and only ate 2 small pieces because of how drenched in oil it was) my stomach was in knots. I was sick for 2 days!!! Which basically ruined our trip. Never again!!
2	Came here for dinner on a Friday night before we saw Steel Panther in their venue space.  It's not a place that I would have chose, but this was a group situation.  We had a side room for our group of 12+ and the service was okay, not great.  Being in any side room, it's hard to flag down your waiter or waitress if you need something.  My main complaint is that I ordered the Yummy Chicken and it wasn't yummy.  :-(  It was really spicy and that wasn't in the menu description.  I probably should have ordered a burger or sandwich, but I wanted an entree for dinner.  i would have sent it back if I wasn't with a big group.  I just didn't want to make a big deal of it, so my man shared some of his food with me which was just okay.  I'm sad to see that it's Chef Aaron Sanchez running this restaurant because I like him on TV.STEEL PANTHER:  Fun overall, but we didn't like the opening band that night at all.  The opener took way too long and I didn't know that Steel Panther's actual show would be so looooong.  Our group of friends at the show (maybe 10 of us?), only 4 of us made it to the end of the show.  I know, we're getting old (in our 30s)... but the show was kind of dragged out.  The venue was good, but the drinks were expensive.  I don't think I would want to see another show here.Vegas Trip 10/20-23/11
3	The food here is decent...maybe a bit mediocre. I like the variety on the menu but the execution was not quite as good. The ambience is nice, but of course you're sitting at the House of Blues! I tried the lobster mac n' cheese and it was good. The lobster was quite flavorless and could have been crab for all I knew, but the mac n' cheese was darn yummy and I could have eaten it all by myself. Except I also split it with my coworker along with a cajun jambalaya...which was quite disappointing. And a little dry and not spicy.I would come back for a show, but never for food.
3	Been here about 100 times in the last 5 years. Service is usually pretty good. The prices are just outrageous, but if you expect that, you'll plan appropriately. The sound system is great and the lay out if cool. NO FIGHTING, and I am okay with that.
3	We sampled several items on the menu.  The pork sliders were great, the mushroom  burger was great --- and cooked to a perfect medium rare as ordered.  The fries were also quite good with a perfect crunch.  We did not really like the mashed potatoes because the potatoes tasted old.  The biggest disappointment was the buttermilk fried chicken.  Though it was fried to perfection and crispy, it had no flavor--completely devoid of flavor.  If celebrity chef Aaron Sanchez really did create their menu/recipes, he forgot to taste the one he provided for the fried chicken, as no salt was included in this recipe.  Unless the staff forgot it....
2	Nobody in my crew was impressed by this place, in fact one quote was "the salad was the best thing I ate"  I ordered the Jambalaya, and the list of other items included the pork ribs, lobster mac and cheese and french dip.  The 325 pound man who ordered the ribs disliked them so much he passed them around to the table and went to another restaurant for his meal after we were done, he also said the beans were the worst thing he has ever eaten in a restaurant, and he is by no means a complainer.  My jambalaya portion was frankly insulting for the 18.99 I paid for it and not that great.  I have never ordered Jambalaya and not had some to take home, but I literally could have finished the portion in 3 minutes had I been really hungry, and it was no where near as good most other Jambalayas I have eaten.  When the manager came over to ask how everything was, big mistake, the honesty flew, he then tried to say that the menu was created by world renown chef Aaron Sanchez like that was going to magically make my portion bigger and the food taste better, I've met Aaron and if that Jambalaya is really how it should have tasted then I flat out dont think hes that great of a chef, but I doubt thats the case.  in the end our server did take the ribs off the ticket and our server was awesome and so was the band that was on stage.  We should have come in for some drinks and music and gone elsewhere to eat.  I wont be going back for food unless its free.
5	WU-TANG!!!! Hell yes!! The place was smoky and gross and close and sweaty just like a venue should be! Plus you can slip it without tickets if you grease it nice and pretty, or, in my case, have your bodyguard do it. So close to the stage everyone could smell method man's blunt.
4	Try the flat bread! Basil tomato! Yum
4	stopped here by chance for breakfast- kinda wanted to avoid the buffets...anyway- the breakfast food was actually very delicious ! the menu is a little small and a little questionable at first cause it looks like everything is al a  carte but it all comes with essentials like toast and whatnot.i ordered the 3 egg omelette - you get a choice of 3 fillings - and it comes with toast of choice and AMAZING hash browns. i also got a coffee - for a total of $15 for my bill. not bad if you ask my cheap ass.Our waitress Ashley was great and funny and always alert. Id come back for sure :)
4	We wandered in for lunch one afternoon and we pleased with the fast service and the tasty sandwiches served with a cute little variety of specialty sauces for your fries and/or your sandwich.  Fries served in a cup a little novel and it does prevent you from the sea of fries so many places serve.The cool thing was they want to keep you coming back in so if you show your receipt you can get a two for one breakfast the next day.  Listen, this is one of the better deals around as we all know the slots machines don't have it.At any rate, we did go back for breakfast, which was also tasty and then they told us that we would get 10 percent off in the gift shop with our receipt.  They are the king of deals at this place and it seems to be working for them as the place was packed in the morning with people who had eaten there yesterday.Nice strategy, House of Blues.  I, of course, would like to come back sometime and see a show here.  I'll try this place again.
4	Saw WuTang last month and Lauryn Hill last night.My fave part of HOB is that it's small. Sucks to be downstairs like I was for Lauryn but, thankfully, it wasn't that crowded. Made it easier to walk in/thru.Watching WuTang from the top was great. We had seats, there was no one taller than me, and it wasn't crowded.
1	This review is in reference to the venue and not the restaurant.My wife and I recently attended the Anthrax show on January 22nd 2012.  The tickets were $29 50 each plus a $10.00 convenience from Ticketmaster for this general admission show.  This was my first HOB show but I do know they have some seating and tables which we were hoping to arrive in time to get one since our old bones just can't withstand the brutality of the pit like we did in the old days.  Anyway, come to find out all of the surrounding tables were reserved only.  $200.00 for the table that included a bottle of Sky Vodka and only (4) metal heads per table.  Really...$200 table at a Anthrax show?  Ok, fine if you think that is worth it.  Now here comes the main reason for my review.  The upper seating deck was available but closed off.  We were told that it would open soon when the floor got packed.  After the first act finished sure enough it opened up but there was a charge.  What???  $10.00 more per person to sit in the upper deck seating.  Come on HOB!  We already paid to be in the venue and hardly anybody went upstairs.  As if you weren't making enough money on the bar you had to stick it to me one more time.  My complaint is if your going to charge extra for seating then do it in the advertisement for the show.  I'll pay for it.  Don't call it general admission then charge extra to sit down in the venue.In the end I guess I should be grateful I wasn't charged $5.00 for leaning on the wall.
4	This is a venue revue:After seeing some shows in the new massive Joint at the Hard Rock - coming back to the cozy House of Blues was a refreshing change.  The venue is a really nice size in which to see bands - not too big.  The sound ranged from horrid - with the bass and kick drum so loud in the mix you literally feel like you're being given sonic CPR  - to great, all in a single evening.  We went for a rock and roll show, and although it took some time to get the guitars up in the mix where they belonged, once they did the sound was awesome - better in the back near the bar than on the floor I have to admit.I'm docking one point for the OUTRAGEOUSLY high priced drinks!  $26.00 for a bourbon & coke and a Stella?!? EEESH!  Get your drink on somewhere else before the show if you must.
3	I had the Juicy Lucy and my wife and kid had the "build your own" (don't remember what they got on it) but did rave about it.  The ambiance was a little Pink Taco'ish but none the less very cool.  Maybe half the tables were full so they weren't that busy but our service sucked and we actually had to go to the bar to get refills on our waters and soda.  I sarcastically, on the second trip mentioned to the bar tender that it was nice of them to let the customers fend for themselves.  Will be back but sit at the bar since that's where you get the best service apparently.
4	One of the best reasons to attend  a concert at the HOB is for the intimate, up close and personal feel of the venue. The prices for shows are usually pretty reasonable. But once you get inside, plan on paying good money for drinks. The place can get jam packed during popular shows. We've noticed the sound quality of some shows can be sub par. And don't expect to get a seat to a show, unless your willing to pay for a table with bottle service. I really don't know why they don't open up the seats upstairs like the good old days for us lazy folk.
5	LOVE THIS VENUE!This is a review for the venue not the restaurant.This is one of my favorite concert venues in Las Vegas. I have seen too many shows to count starting from when I was in high school over 10 years ago. The thing I love about it here is you are able to see the stage from pretty much anywhere and most shows are general admission. It's a small venue which makes it easier to see bands up close. I used to get up in the crowd when I was younger. Ok, I'm not that old now but I enjoy hanging out near one of the side bars drinking a tall boy and watching my favorite bands at the same level. The beers are overpriced but really not that bad. They have a wide selection of tall boys and even offer a $5 dollar shot of anything when you purchase one of the tall boys. Mich Ult with shot of Jameson. Yes please! Recently they started serving snack like food in the venue which is nice if you plan on staying a while and drinking. I actually haven't tried any of it since I love going to the Burger Bar before or after shows. Whenever I hear that one of the many bands I enjoy is playing at HOB, I get really super excited. The only gripe is that the tickets are managed by Ticketmaster which charges ridiculous fees but that's just something we all have to deal with.
5	We recently got married here inside Mandalay Bay at the House of Blues (at the Crossroads Restaurant). It was a unique venue that allowed us to personalize our wedding and add extra details that made it unique and special to us and our guests. There is a stage on one end of the space and a bar on the other. We performed a few songs on the stage and our guests enjoyed the open bar, southern-style food and groovy atmosphere. The wedding coordinator for the HOB, Amber, was a dream to work with. She and she staff were very professional and they helped make our Big Day stress-free. Our guests said it was one of the most unforgettable weddings that they have ever been to and we have Amber and the HOB staff to thank for that.
2	Do not be fooled by "Happy  hour". I ordered the chicken strips for $6 and it consisted of 3 small, bland strips and a small portion of fries. I then ordered the quesadillas which were very shabby and flat...
4	Saw the M*F* Darkness here last month. INCREDIBLE SHOW.The security was great, effective but not overbearing. I wish they would have opened up the second floor. Beers were priced well ($6 for a tall coors). I also noticed the house of blues attracts the local crowd. It was nice to get away from the plastic surgery creatures and drunken bachelorette parties.
4	Saw Social D here last year and it was the best show I've seen!! Great venue. Got crazy packed in there and the drinks are a little pricey but it's Vegas!! What do you expect? Standing towards the front was awesome!! Then, I realized I had to use the bathroom. Bad idea to drink that redbull and vodka so fast. So, my hubby and I pushed our way through the crowd only for me to wait in a line..boo! Bathroom was decent. Would love to come back to see a different show!!
1	04/14/2012Went to the House of Blues to see Madness. The band was great but the venue was horrible.For starters, nobody that works there seems to know much of anything. I had one guy tell me there were opening bands even though none had been announced previously. Nobody seemed to know exactly when Madness was going to start playing. Seating was sold as general admission floor seating, that's fine until you see people sitting in the balcony. What's up with that? Well, if you grease the wheels at $10 a person you too can sit up there. Normally not something I'd do but I seemed to have strained a muscle in my leg so sitting was a lot more enjoyable. It seems to me that if you can sneek upstairs if you tell the guy checking tickets that "Steve" sent you then perhaps you could get away without having to grease the wheels. I don't really have a problem with "Steve" and his buddies making some money on the side (at least that's what I'm assuming), but if that's the case then the problem lies with management not catching onto it. If it isn't a side money thing for them then management sucks for screwing people around.Aside from that, I ordered 1 Guiness for myself and a margarita for my wife which came to a whopping $27. I don't even know how that's possible. The guiness was underpoured and the margarita wasn't very good. I can accept sporting arena pricing but this was even worse than that. I know it's Vegas but I still think it's unacceptable.I did see Mark McGrath there and maybe he can afford rounds of drinks at those prices but I know I can't and I'm not even broke.Sound was pretty good but possibly louder than it needed to be for that size of a venue. If you were at the bar left of stage you probably didn't see too much either. A recessed stage might work for a band consisting of 4 people but not for a bigger band as anyone on any side is going to not be able to see the whole thing and putting it on some tiny ass TV doesn't really make it any better.Somehow the House of Blues in Las Vegas is a smoke free establishment. Whether that's good or bad is debatable but it certainly doesn't make much sense to me.Here's my tip:If you plan on drinking, drink your own before you get in and maybe buy one round to carry you through whatever you're there to watch. You can drink for cheap just sitting around and playing the penny slots or you can buy some at Walgreens and drink it right there on the strip since it doesn't matter.Bottom line:This joint is run poorly and everything is way overpriced. Not worth going unless it's something epic or a band that will never play where you live.++++++++++++++UPDATE:++++++++++++++I don't know what world  LeeAnn G lives in but I've never been served a 7oz beer anywhere. I don't believe my beer was 24oz and even if the cup was 24oz it certainly wasn't even close to taking up that much volume as noted by my underpour comment. Say what you want but your establishment still sucks.
4	Twitter? Waste of time, right? Not always. I saw a chance to win tickets to see Brit Alternative ( well alternative in 1979 ) band Squeeze. Did the RT and got a message from HOB, " you've won' . Cool. So Friday night and I'm freeloading at HOB in Mandalay Bay. What a cool venue, it's all standing, aside from a handful of VIP seats, and a great place to watch a real band.There are a couple of bars and steps down to the floor, sound is great and you cannot fail to get a good view from anywhere. I ordered  a Heineken and a Chardonnay for wifee. The Heineken came in a can which was enormous , almost a keg and the wine came in a tiny plastic 'glass'. I was happy, wifee not so much! Anyway the band were awesome, Glenn Tilbrook is now sporting a beard that would not be out of place in ZZ Top and Chris and the other players were tight. Great place I will make more effort to see some shows there, the only downside was $21 for a beer and a splash of Chardonnay.
4	Absolutely loved the brunch experience I had here. We came here on Easter Sunday, and I am not religious type at all. There was a Gospel group that came in as the performance that afternoon. The total cost was about $40, which sounded expensive at first, but in the end it wasn't a bad deal at all for what I got.The line itself was a bit of a long wait. Once we got in, the smell of pancakes and syrup filled the room. There was a nice waitress handing out mimosas to the guests, and then we basically just seated ourselves on the bottom level.The room itself is wide, dark and has a traditional layout. It's a boxed style layout that is traditional with a balcony up stairs that surrounds the whole room. Then you have the main floor and then it drops below floor level. It's about medium sized that you'll get a good view anywhere.Once we found our seats, we went hunting and gathering for food. There was a omelet line, which only produced 3 omelets at a time. It's about a 15-20 minute wait, but well worth it. The chef was very talkative and engaged with the patrons.After that I picked up some HUGE perfectly cooked apple wood bacon. By the end of the performance, it was all gone. Also picked up freshly made mini waffles, and sausage.I am fairly picky about my OJ that it can't be from concentrate. My friends made sure the waitress brought back fresh orange juice. I was very satisfied with it.Service wise.. well they never came back to refill my drink. I'm assuming they stop service when the performance is on. There was a lady out there giving people new glasses of mimosas.Performance of the gospel group? Absolutely amazing. High energy that got everyone off their feet, and participating with the audience was fun. Everyone was twirling around their cloth napkins in the air.
4	The House of Blues, has always been my most favorite place to watch a live concert. I've seen everyone from Incubus, Trapt, Finger 11, Seether, Modest Mouse, Erykah Badu, The Black Crowes, Crossfade, etc..  And has always been more affordable, because it really isn't a huge Venue.  and they have 3 bars attacking you from 3 sides.  Left, Right, And Behind!!  No! They don't have one on the stage. I think 3's enough!!  Other venues just charge too damned much.  Corporate Assholes!!!!  Yes Ticket Master, I mean Ticket Price Hoarders!!!!!  Hehehe!!
4	I was here for a corporate event with eBay/Paypal, and they had rented the whole place out. There was a Journey tribute band call "DSB" (Don't Stop Believing) who were very good. The foods they served (buffet style) was awesome. It was somewhat standard... chicken fingers, pasta, shrimp. There was an open bar, and the drinks were all top shelf. I had been here before a few times for dinner, and it was very good. The dishes are always large, and the prices (for a resort hotel) are pretty reasonable for what your get. And there is almost always a band... so live entertainment is always a good thing.
5	About 13 months ago I was excited to go across the country for my second Maryland Deathfest in Baltimore, MD. The line up was already stacked and it seemed like it could not get any better with bands like Impaled Nazarene, Inquisition, Doom, Cathedral, Cianide, Repugnant, and Goatsnake. I have to admit Goatsnake was a huge reason I decide to go again. Due to some issues they were unable to make the fest and I was bummed. Then the fest organizers announced that they would have a replacement band within a couple days. To every ones amazement they added Ghost. This made perfect sense seeing that the Death/Thrash Metal band Repugnant was preforming as well. A little side note, Ghost is Repugnant. If you doubt this, check out the Swedish Indie Rock band Subvision, also the same vocalist. With Repugnant playing during Sunday afternoon, it was only right for Ghost to close out MDF 9. They took the stage early Monday morning right after midnight absolutely killed it. Fast forward 13 months they added a Las Vegas date to their second U.S. tour since May last year. Traffic on the way to Mandalay Bay was crazy. After downing a few beers and some green in the parking garage we literally got their just in time for the show which started at 6:30 PM. The place was already packed and 24oz cans of beer were $12. Ghost's performance was amazing. They definitely put on a show with the whole band dressed in black cloaks and good ole Papa Emeritus in his satanic pope outfit. The set was only about 35 mins but they covered most songs from their debut album. It was pretty clear that everyone come out for the Ghost. The other two bands didn't receive the same reaction from the audience and were quite boring in my opinion. I hope they return with a headlining tour because 35 mins was just not enough. In Maryland they played everything to their name including a chilling cover of the Beatles's Here Comes the Sun. Oh yeah, the sound was on point, good job HoB.
4	AWESOME feel to the place. Came for breakfast. Creamer in the coffee was bad but the staff happily fixed it. Eggs were cooked perfectly and the children's portion of pancakes could feed an orphanage. Bloody Mary was decent and the music of course rocked.
5	Quite possibly the only place I see bigger bands that i like because they don't typical play anywhere else!...but its still an awesome place and i been coming for years.They have $15 beer that i will not be buying,lol but upstairs is a few nice places with great happy hours, so pre-booze.One of these days ill have the pleasure of sitting in the upper deck for a classy show-until then, I'll hang in the front line on the gate for my fav bands!!!
5	House of Blues is one of my favorite places in Las Vegas.  Excellent food and service and watching Rock Star Karaoke during dinner was fun.  The manager stopped by our table a few times to make sure all was good.  In all, very attentive service.  I ordered the sirloin and to my surprise, it came out cooked exactly how I wanted it!  The food was very tasty and served hot (always a plus).  The bar is well run and the bartenders know how to mix a drink correctly.  If you are in Las Vegas and are a bourbon lover like me, House of Blues stocks my favorite spirit...Woodford Reserve (Official bourbon of the Kentucky Derby).  I highly recommend it.  Most establishments do not stock this top shelf bourbon.  Had a great experience here (again) and it is always a regular stop when I am in town.
4	Love this place because all of my favorite bands play here. This venue is nostalgic to me. I've met musicians here, seen shows, and even taken a tour here. The bathrooms are the best! I know, how random. They always have this lady there that hands you paper towels and she has tons of lotions and perfumes to use (as long as you tip her, which I don't mind). The artwork gives this place the right feel. I'm always reminded of good memories and creating new ones.
4	I like this place. Here's why:*their attentive*it's moderately priced*they have a lot of options on the menu--salads, meals, fish, pizza, etc*from time to time they have live entertainment*they have a Gospel Brunch on Sundays*Shrimp 'n grits are really good [sauce on the side]*it's good for groups*it's super casual*Steak salad is on the spicy side so I'd advise you to get the jalapenos on the side*it's quick
4	Had a beautiful Cobb salad at a lively dinner with friends. Service was very good. Once music started it was hard to talk but that may be ok. Music was great!
2	Skip this restaurant.   It will give you the blues!   Went to HOB for dinner as I was craving their new Citrus Steak Salad - which I've had twice before.  It usually on point, delicious and unforgettable.  However I was very very disappointed tonight.  The salad did not have the same flavor as it used to - it was missing the hint of ginger and heat of jalapenos.  It tasted like a plain old forgettable chopped salad with a tasteless vinegarette dressing.  I mentioned it to the waiter - who didn't really seem to care - but offered to have them redo it and add some seasoning to it - I told him what flavors were missing....He brought it out after they remade it - it tasted the same....bland.....A manager came over and I told him that  I came specifically for this salad as I've had it twice before....and he explained that they took out the ginger and jalapenos because customers were complaining.....totally did not make sense to me as it is on the menu (which was created by chef Aaron Sanchez) He offered to bring me some chopped ginger ...and he thought they may still have some jalapenos in the back - and expected me to fix it myself......I said no thank you....He said they probably had a different chef this time.   Well...my thoughts were that that chef should follow the damn recipe that was created!!!!  Service was disappointing  - they just didn't really seem to care.  Once I complained....they stopped bringing refills.  They had a live band on stage - music was way too loud in the restaurant - not the place to go if you want to have any sort of conversation.  There is also a 10% entertainment tax that is now charged in many Las Vegas venues - so be aware!!  I will NOT be going back  - Thank you to the 2 employees of HOB for ruining my previous high praises.
4	It has been 10 years since I attend HOB Gospel Brunch and I took my friend who had never attended and we were both blown away. Now there are some glitches but first the outstanding points:1. The food - it is yummy Southern home cooking - from the waffles to the made-to-order omelet station to prime rib to huge already peeled shrimp. The coffee is good as well as the mimosas.  The bread pudding was to die for - and there were plenty of salads, sides and I really loved the Mac and Cheese.2. The music - it is unbelievable - the energy, the love, the power. It inspires me and I didn't want it to end. The show is interactive and you just want to get up and dance.3. The atmosphere - you can carry on a conversation and still enjoy the music. You do sit family style and meet some very nice people. Com'n it is like going to church - you really don't need your own table.Now the glitches:1. Seating - originally I was seated at a table designed for 2 which had 2 additional chairs added to make it seating for 4. Once the drinks were brought, I knew I would be eating off my lap. I did look around and saw some empty seating (this was 1:30 so everyone had been admitted) and they did move me. However, seating for 2 is seating for 2 - at $40 a person, who wants to eat holding their plate or off their lap.2.Service - now this is not the servers' fault - everyone was moving - more help is needed. I had to have my friend go to the bar to get our refills and the plates stacked up at our table of 8. Again, I am not faulting the staff - HOB - you need to add a few more - even part-time.3. The Wait - be prepared to wait with long lines. I loved the waffles but it was truly the longest wait I ever had for waffles. I would still go back - I did give it 4 stars - but be prepared for long lines and see about sitting on the main floor instead of the second level.
4	What can I say? The House of Blues Gospel Brunch is a great family oriented wonderful experience to be had by all!!  If you are a fan of HOB's famous Mac N' Cheese get it here! If you are craving a home cooked made to order omelet with fresh ingredients get it here!!! Plump juicy link sausages, savory bacon, southern biscuits with sausage gravy!! YUMMM!! If you are interested in having lunch...juicy tender prime rib, spicy flavorful Chicken Jambalaya and one of the BEST Caesar's salads I have had in Vegas! The salad was crisp and the cheese was plentiful! Not like some of the limp soggy salads I have had in the past. Now on to the show... energetic, uplifting and entertaining! The female singer could sing her way onto any singing competition and blow them all away! The band The Gastons (I believe that is correct) had some smooth dance moves! Very fun and leaves you feeling with a light heart.The only reason they did not rate five stars is because on Mother's Day the wait staff seemed a little overwhelmed and we did not get a coffee pitcher refill and the mimosa's were very slow in coming. Other than that a great overall experience!!
3	This is a review of the concert venue.  Not of the restaurant.I have seen some amazing concerts here.  I have won tickets to the shows.  I have purchased tickets.  Most times the ticket prices are good.  It is crowded.  They pack a lot of people into this small space.  So it gets kind of stuffy.  It is too loud sometimes too.  I know I am making myself older than I really am.  But a venue inside that is so small does not really need to have to sound turned up to 11.  It gets to a point where you can't really even hear the music clearly.  And though it is supposed to be a non-smoking venue, there is a lot of smoking that goes on.  At least at some of the shows I've been to.  I am not speaking of tobacco smoke either.  The pot smoke has been so heavy that I had to leave a couple of shows early.  I don't like to feel trapped with that kind of smoke.  It is a comfort thing.  So while I like this venue for the most part, it is not my favorite.
1	Watched Dita Von Tease at House of Blues. May 17th 2012 : The show started 20 minutes late, since it is standing room only tickets at $45-55 a pop and we had to arrive at least 30 minutes early so it is not very pleasant. A total of 50 minutes standing time and some audiences were sitting on the dirty floor... Once the show started it was disappointing and not worth the wait at all. What a waste of life and time this was! I didn't know a fat woman twirling nipple tassels is entertainment!? The MC told us the more we drank the better the show becomes and prettier the women too. I understand HOB started the show late so they can sell more drinks, but it is not fair to the audiences. Only thing nice about that place is the chandelier, I had the chance to stare at it for 50 minutes.
4	Happy hour from 2-6 every day! Hello! They don't have anything on Draft, but the drink selection is not all that bad. I mean $3 bottles and $5 drinks. Not to shabby. Plus the food ranges from $3-6 during happy hour ( I believe) so it is not all bad. The jalapeno cornbread is yummy and served to you in a small cast iron skillet. The steak quesadillas were filled to capacity with yummy steak and cheese. I do think my favorite was the bbq pork sliders. Yummy and nicely priced. ( Plus cannot believe I had not written a review about them until now SMH!)
5	5 Stars for Shotguns N Gasoline!
4	Throughout the years my friends and I have been coming to the House of Blues for concerts. A few of us recently came here last Friday for the Scissor Sisters show. We came in late and the only spots left were near the side bar. With the large pillar cutting off our direct view, I was bummed. If the artist is energetic and works the stage well, it is no problem. Luckily, SS did just that. Jake Shears and Anna Matronic moved strutted their stuff all over the place. As the show continued, people moved off and we got a better view. HoB does have TV screens to alleviate the obstructed view, but it doesn't help because they recorded it from a far distance. A major complaint I have about most concert venues is the parking situation. While other places tend to be a free for all after a show and locks down the ramps, it was not difficult to get out of the Mandalay Bay. I was amazed since there were two concerts going on that night.
1	This review is for the Restaurant not the Venue. CAN YOU SAY RIP OFF!  No where on the menu or stated by our server that they automatically ding you for Gratuity and Entertainment tax.  Our bill was $156 and by the time they added on there extras our bill was $209.  Now wait a minute we had a table of 3 not 8 and the band playing was a local blues band not a big production name.  When I asked our waiter why we had to pay an extra $53 dollars he said I don't know but we have to give tip money to the bar and cook.  THE BAR DID A CRAPPY JOB OF MAKING ANY DRINK!  Charged me $11 for a vodka fruit punch that was water down and taste like grapfruit...which I did not ask for.  The one star was for the waiter who was on our table like an ant to food.  He was attentive and friendly.  Needless to say we gave our waiter a little extra but not much since we were forced to pay gratuity in our bill.My hubby and I are so angry that we will never return to the HOB for food or drinks; next time we eat and drink up before we go and order waters.
4	Food and service were really good. I had the bbq bacon burger. Best burger I've had out in a while. I'd give 5 stars but I think it was a bit pricey. $14 for the cheapest burger seems a bit much to me.
5	I going to squeeze 2 experience into 1 review for the House of Blues. I was on a business trip and staying at the Mandalay Bay hotel and the very first night I was there, the head of my region decided to treat everyone to a meal at the House of Blues. The waitresses and waiters successfully and quickly handled our entire group in a coordinated effort and made sure our glasses were always full and that all of the food was hot when it arrived at our table. No small feat considering we were a group of over 30.I wasn't feeling too adventurous so i just ordered a burger, but the burger was cooked very well and the options of what you could add to the burgers were very extensive. My entire group was happy with the food, but if the waitresses says the dish is on the small side, please take her on her word. The Cobb salad was humungous and I will give a second-hand review of "delicious".I had such a good experience the first night that when another, smaller group of co-workers asked me if I wanted to go, I immediately said yes. I went with a group of 4 and got their House of Blue salad and a side order of Sweet potatoes fries (because I just couldn't say no). I was just as pleased the second time around with the food and the service. The best part of the second night was the fact that they had several TV's and it was easy to see game 4 of the NBA Finals. Unfortunately the Miami Heat still won.
2	I hate that I let my friends convince me to eat at this place on the Strip.  Spent approx. $60 for 2 dinners and 2 beers.  The quality was just mediocre too.  Grrr...never again!
2	I give the bar/happy hour a 4. The bartenders are super friendly, dranks are cheap ($3 beers) and the food menu is good. The margherita pizza is delicious. Next door, they have a little club. It wasn't very busy that night (I highly doubt it's a happening place), but it's a great place to go if all you want to do is get your dance on.The restaurant on the other hand is a hot ass mess. 1 star. Me and the fam went for lunch and we were pretty excited because the menu was created by Aaron Sanchez (foodnetwork chef). My mom ordered the fish of the day, my dad got the rib eye, cousin got te lobster Mac and cheese, bf got the Jamaican burger and I got the juicy lucy burger. First off, we waited forever for the food.. But I'll let that slide because there were 5 of us. Second, the food finally came out and my cousins lobster Mac and cheese was sans lobster. And lastly, my mom found a piece of plastic wrapper in her veggies. We called the manager over and told him about the lobster and the plastic. All he said was that  the kitchen was learning a new menu and that he'd send some new veggies and take care of it. Then the waiter gave us the wrong check and my mom never got her side of veggies. But at the end of the day, we got 50% off our bill. The rib eye was super tender and yummy. The juicy Lucy burger was tasty and a fattie and the bf love his burger. The fish of the day was swordfish, but it was a tiny ass serving, the size of a toddler's palm. The lobster Mac and cheese is also yummy, but make sure they don't forget the lobster. All in all, I definitely won't be returning to the crossroads restaurant. The food is ok/good but the service is THE WORST. The part that bothers me the most is that no one was apologetic about anything. But I'll probably go to the bar for a cheap beer.
2	Oh god (sorry, I'm athiest), make it stop. I'm not sure who is going to this, but they must all be religious. That's the only reason I can see for all these great reviews of this place. YIKES.The food was, like most have said, just okay. It wasn't anywhere near special and the price was over the top to have a sad buffet. The food was just warm. It wasn't hot, the bacon wasn't crispy, the mac 'n cheese lacked any sort of distinct flavor, the drinks were watered down. I'm so disappointed.BUT, I could have dealt with that, I went really for the music. I was raised in a Southern Baptist household (the forced religion thing led me to stop believing in anything, hence atheist) so the music, while yes, religious, is something that I have deeply fond memories of. The jubilation, the reverence, it all moves me. Or did, until I got here. What the heck? The songs weren't traditionally gospel. They were made up, I think. The woman singing talked more than she sang, and when she did sing her voice was scratchy and lacked something. The only song I recognized was Amazing Grace and that lasted far longer than it should have. I just wasn't impressed and I think my background in gospel singing is well established. I was hoping for something less showy, more reverent and got this really whacked out stage show that didn't have much to do with any gospel I've ever heard and it was just sad. I went hoping to be moved and instead left early. And, they seemed like they wanted to convert people. I understand that it's a 'gospel' show, but I came to hear singing, not preaching. It was almost offensive, I expected them to start passing the plate at any time. Did I mention I was SO disappointed? I was so disappointed.There are a lot better places to spend your money on music than here. This seemed like a put on circus act. I was so disappointed. AND, it was expensive! Boo!
1	I have been to many concerts and events in my life and this was one of the worst organized ever. I decided to treat my daughter to a Demi Lovato concert and paid for really nice seats at Planet Hollywood. I was very unhappy when they rescheduled the venue last minute to HOB, but this part was not their fault. We found that our $100 seats were all now general admission.  Fine, so we sold the tickets and bought the GA. But were not told by HOB that there were a few "classes" of standing room. That was my first sign of trouble, and when I should have just bailed.We got there, got in line hours before, an hour before opening, they started checking tickets and filed us into a large open area (like a "cattle pen") without any clear instruction as to where to stand.  It then became clear there was no regard for how long we were waiting in line, ie., new comers were squeezing into the crowd all over.  Many arguments again occurred and security then tried to then form new people in some semblence of order or arrival.  Didnt happen.  Then, to my amazement, security guards tried to push and shove their way through the mass of people to check tickets all over again. Amazing.... what did they do the first time around?  I guess the first time they were giving wrist bands and then were scanning the tickets in two steps.  Absoluely brilliant.Then after a maddening and frustrated 90 mins waiting like cattle, it was time to go in, and they opened the tape and a near riot broke out with people pushing and shoving as hard as they could to get in, and I could see someone fall in the front, so they stopped and tried to tell us to slow down.   yeah, right, slow down, how could you, hundreds of people, many angry because last minute arrivers were cuttting into the mass of people.  It was a mess. The theatre is organized into a "pit" with tapes separating the "classes" of ticket, then there is the bar area, and the balcony. All, first come.  Once the main act opened people were just pushing through within the tapes and through, the strongest and boldest seem to win the better places to stand. It amazes me that HOB does not read these reviews. I've read exactly the same reviews over and over again. This place appears to be run by the worse crew of amateurs I've ever encountered. For the life of me, I cannot understand how injuries or fights have not occurred spurring need for organization just for liability sake. There were so many opportunities to make this a great, organized event. I really want to come to see Santana in Sept, but I will certainly look elsewhere.mh
4	This review is for HOB as a concert venue only.  Returned here with a buddy for another Steel Panther show.  This a good venue for concerts.  The sound quality is great.  The sight lines are good, and it's easy to get a drink here.  The bars are easily accessible, and servers work the floor in front of the stage before the show.   24oz beers are $14.00, which isn't bad at all and pretty typical of what you will pay at many venues (not just Vegas).  Panther was totally bitchen, as usual.
3	I was a bit disappointed by the presentation especially with it resting in the Mandalay Bay. To me it looked just like Friday's and I've never been to a house of Blues before but I'm sure it's not supposed to make you feel like you're eating at TGI Friday's. They have the strangest decor I've ever seen; painted crosses covered with bottle caps and paintings of disfigured people on the walls.They had s decent happy hour going, $5 well drinks and $3 beers. We ordered 3 appetizers that came with the happy hour deal, nachos and cheese, hot wings and chicken tenders while we sat ate the bar drinking our beers. I grabbed me a Blue Moon to go and stuffed it in my purse.
3	Ate breakfast here on our way out of town. Chose it out of convenience at we were staying at THE Hotel. Was told wait was 15 minutes or immediate seating at the "high bar tables only". We opted for the bar, but at least half the restaurant was empty and the regular tables in the same section were completely empty (the high tables are very uncomfortable for me to sit at because of back problems and also for the husband who is very tall).The server was very prompt and friendly and brought coffee right away. However, we did wait about 25 minutes for our food.The food was tasty, but my omelet had a wrong ingredient in it and I was brought toast with no jelly or butter. My husband said the corned beef hash was better at Red, White and Blue (also in MB hotel), and his poached eggs were not really poached at all (not runny but solid).We were on a time crunch so we didn't have my order corrected and I borrowed jelly from the table next to me.For Vegas, the prices are pretty reasonable. I will probably try another place next time.
5	My taste for music is as moody as I can be sometimes and last week I was feeling hard rock. Luckily, I found out that one of my favorite bands, Volbeat, was performing that night along side Hellyea, at the House of Blues. My husband bought the tickets and we headed over on a Thursday evening.The venue is not huge but I didn't feel like it was too crowded, just what you can expect from a rock concert. We had seats on the balcony and it was actually very nice to watch the band and the crazy pit from up there - made me be thankful for my upstairs seats. There was one bar upstairs, which also wasn't overly crowded and very easy to access. Security staff was very friendly and helped us find our seats.
4	This has being a great venue to watch concerts- I have been here many times and I always had a ball
1	I had been here once or twice before.  On those trips I didn't have a negative experience, but it wasn't a good one either.The first thing you should know about my most recent trip (and what will be my last) is that someone got stabbed in the crowd.  This is the fault of the venue.  Security is a joke.  When entering I watched multiple go inside after the metal detector wand had beeped.  The overcrowding in the General Admission area certainly didn't help the matter.Due to the stabbing, security (and later police) roped off an area of about 15 square feet due to it being a crime scene.  This of course didn't help any of the crowding concerns.  The blood puddle was left untouched which is important for the crime scene, and we should be able to continue the show right?  Nope, after 2 or 3 more songs the concert was ended early.The ticket prices are ridiculous at this venue ($60 after fees for general admission).  It's even worse knowing that the concert still had at least 30 more minutes.  Not only did I feel unsafe because of this venue, but they also essentially stole $20-$30 from me.EDIT: One employee has contacted me through yelp regarding this review and apologized for my bad experience.  I appreciate it.  I have also sent some letters to some managers and directors as well.  I will try to update further if anything happens.  All that said, the review will remain at 1 star as that was my experience of the venue.  It would take a lot to get me to return and re-evaluate my rating.  I would not re-evaluate without actually returning.EDIT2: House of Blues has responded to my letter and has sent me a gift card to compensate for my bad experience.  I'm very happy that they responded to my complaints.  Hopefully soon I'll have an updated review and a much better experience to share.
1	How do you mess up a grilled cheese? I don't know but this place did. It smelled like fish! The fries were mediocre, but at least they smelled like fries. Plan to go elsewhere to eat after you see a show here.
2	Food was just ok, was with 3 other people.  On the burgers; buns not fresh, need more flavor.  Fries were blah, although friends said the sweet potato fries were good.  Service was mediocre, and the place was dirty, and this was a regular Thursday night, so it not slammed with people at all.
5	Not too long ago I had my first experience at this particular House of Blues, and it was definitely a great one! I went on a Tuesday night which happens to be when their  "Swingin Tuesdays" occurs. If you are a fan of swing, you should check it out! There are many talented swing dancers that turn up, and the live band is pretty good too!On to the food! I decided to order their Lobster Mac & Cheese. If you are looking for pure ooey-gooey cheesy lobster BLISS, order this! The mac and cheese comes served hot and topped with crunchy panko breadcrumbs. If you have never tried panko breadcrumbs before, you are missing out. The light, crunchy texture provides a perfect coating for any dish. The cheese was very creamy and tasted great with the large, plentiful pieces of lobster they provided in the meal. If you can't tell by now, I was very satisfied. For dessert, I ordered the triple chocolate cheesecake. In case you didn't read it right the first time, let me say it again.. TRIPLE. CHOCOLATE. CHEESECAKE. Anything with triple the amount of chocolate is amazing in my book. The cheesecake is served with raspberries and other seasonal berries to compliment the chocolatey goodness. The whipped cream was the added cherry on top to this perfect dessert. Definitely 10/10, would eat again.
4	So, apparently being ecstatic about Steel Panther isn't enough of a review for this place - so I have to actually rewrite it. Steel Panther. That's all i have to say. What a great show. I've been here twice to see them, and both times the House of Blues was a great experience. The lines were quick to enter (this last time I went) and the first time during the VIP host, both the front host and our cocktail waitress were pleasant to work with. Great setup and started on time both times. It was a blast and enjoyed my visit here both times.Thank you Steel Panther. We will see each other again soon! THank you HOB for a great setup!
1	GROSS! Absolutely DISGUSTING!I ordered a half-rack of ribs to-go because I was exhausted after a long day and thought it was an order hard to screw-up. I'm literally throwing up just thinking about this food. The ribs were covered in what can only be described as scum. Have you ever boiled meat and skimmed the surface of the water to get rid of the sh*t floating on top? Well that's what these ribs were covered in. I wiped them down over and over again with a napkin. REVOLTING. There was hardly any meat on the bones (a blessing?) and the taste is hard to describe, but I'll try. It tasted like the smell of an old dog that's been left in the rain for a week. I think because they were extremely old as well as poorly prepared.The silver skin was still attached which just made a disgusting experience a million times worse. The beans were mealy and completely tasteless. Again, this might be a blessing when compared with the overwhelmingly, violently disgusting, wet dog-tasting, old-ass smelling ribs. Who f*cks up cole slaw, you ask? It's just cabbage and mayo, right? Well House of Blues manages to infuse some weird, metallic after-taste to this simple staple. WHAT A MESS!This is a restaurant that is EXTREMELY unconcerned with food quality. CRIMINALLY BAD!
3	I hit up happy hour here one afternoon. It starts at like 2:00pm. Yes, you read correctly, 2pm. Get your half price chicken tenders and cold wine starting at 2pm. It was a deal I returned for twice, I think. I started taking those babies out to the pool with me. The lighting is moody and low. The decor is all house of blues. I mean sort of if you've seen one, you've seen 'em all. But I think there are subtle nuances from place to place. They're not exactly all the same. As it was happy hour (ahem, did I already say 2pm?) and I had to sneak my chicken tenders out to the pool, I did not stay for a show. But one of these ol' days, I will. I certainly will. 5/9/12
5	I waited about 9 months to attend the Carlos Santana show last Saturday nightat HOB Vegas.I attended the greatest "show I have ever seen in a bar".Music was great and the HOB staff that I saw really did an incredible jobtaking care of all the guests.Our bartender "Victor"? I think his name?..great guy, polite, fast, you got a positive vibe when the staff seems to enjoy their work.I look forward to attending other shows there..I will be back! Thanks HOB Vegas!
2	Good god - it's not that we sat down for brunch with HIGH expectations... But the huge servings of terrible food didn't make up for the fact that it was still terrible food.  Service was terrible to boot.
5	Saw a show at the house of blues tonight. Awesome venue... Sound was great. Staff was friendly . I would go back anytime.
5	Saw Metric here last night and I was really impressed.  The acoustics are fantastic and every seat has a good view.  It's a small and intimate venue--smaller than even the Pearl.   I wish that more bands would play here instead of the crappy Boulevard Pool (I seriously hate that place as a venue).Also, they have a decent selection of ENORMOUS canned beers.  OMG, I am so hungover....
2	This review is for the concert venue (I have never had any experience with the gift shop/restaurant*). I have been to over ONE HUNDRED shows here, the first being Blue October in 2006 (hey, there was nothing else on a weekday night) and the last being one of the thirty Steel Panther sets I have seen here. Seems masochistic if I really believe this venue is two stars right? Well, one does not have a choice if a show is booked here or at another better venue.  This venue seems to be a magnet for douches. I cannot put it any other way. It's probably the location, because it is not particularly the shows; sets of Steel Panther at Ovation @ Green Valley Ranch go on without a hitch. A Joe Rogan/Deathsquad set goes on without a hitch at the now defunct Playboy Comedy Club at Palms, but here at House of Blues .... ahem ... crowd is comprised of 40% deebags. It could be argued that it is not the venue's fault, but perhaps it is. I have never been hit with a cup full of beer at The Pearl; seems to be something that would only happen at HOB because of several factors:- security is not respected; - security -- generally speaking, is not competent, hence why they are not respected; and- bartenders, some of them at least, are inherently rude pricks therefore agitating the poor cheap beer consumer and filling them with unpleasantness (and cheap nasty libation) which later would inspire them to throw a half-filled cup of the shit towards an innocent group of concert-goers due to the clear lowering of standards of decent etiquette. Ten or more times I have walked up to the bar and asked for a cup of ice water. Ten or more times I have scored the HOB employee lottery and gotten a cool bartender that realizes it is exactly fifteen or so seconds of their time. They give me the cup and I give them a couple of Washingtons as compensation. Why is it that the one time there is a EDM festival outside (at the beach or the arena or who knows [I did not attend], and the aftershow is in the HOB, a deebag bartender, who years earlier as a regular concert-goer probably was the perpetrator of a thrown beer or two at the same venue, announces to my girlfriend that he would not give her water that was from the Las Vegas Valley Water District. Uh, okay. Truly nonsensical, especially considering they use that SAME water for drinks, but perhaps they were mandated with selling more over*priced bottles of water by supervisors/management because they were expecting a bunch of thirsty, candykids to be in there that night. Cool; eight dollars or whatever the hell it is for a bottle of Dasani water, which is just tap water from another city, and no tip for the dude behind the bar.Those other reviews pointing to the gross oversell of the GENERAL ADMISSION/FLOOR areas of HOB-Vegas have it pretty dead on. I have been to, I don't know, ten-twelve different HOB venues and none oversells the GA sections of their concert halls like this HOB does. None have such an impressively poor climate control system either where it seems like it is 120 degrees F during some sets (Common during NBA All-Star Weekend comes to mind).    This venue will never be a Pearl, or a Book & Stage, but it could be as decently solid as HOBs in other states (Dallas, TX comes to mind, or even Chicago, IL [which is by no means perfect]). There are significant problems that are organic to this particular HOB venue and it is quite sad because a lot of decent shows are booked here. You've been warned. - E*except one time when they were supposed to be the distributor for the LV Weekly advanced screening passes, and they were giving out passes at 11AM, we walked in at 11:01AM, and were informed they were "sold out" of passes. Bullshit, and indicative of how this place sometimes operates as a whole. They have some really cool employees, and yet at the same time unfortunately some of the most soured, rude, and outright criminaloids working there as well.
2	THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE CONCERT VENUE ONLY.So far I have been to HOB twice this year. One was for Hoobastank and the other was for RZA, Wu Tang Clan founder.First, let me get the negatives out of the way. That way you can end reading this on a more positve note.NEGATIVES:Security says you cant smoke and that you have to go back outside to do so. This is FALSE. The two times I was there people were smoking weed and regular cigarettes. Not once did I see ANY security or usher walking around telling people to put out their smokes. I for one don't smoke but I am not about to be a killjoy by ratting them out. I assumed even if I did, they probably wouldnt do a damn thing about it. The main floor that's right in front of the stage can get a little messy. What I mean by that is you got people drinking and spilling their beer not just on the floor, but also on other people as well. You will also see pretty much the same people that drink just throw their garbage on to the floor. Talk about litter bugs! Again I for one dont drink but if I did, I would hang out by the bar area to enjoy my suds until I was done. Then I would make my way to the main floor. There should be a rule that you cant drink on the main floor. The climate to this place fluctuates. Sometimes its rather warm and sometimes it can get pretty cold. Dont know how HOB has their system set up, but its definitely not consistent.POSITIVES:The stage has just the right amount of room and is elevated so you can see the performers pretty clear. Since its an intimate setting, you are pretty close to all those that are on stage. Most of my pictures I have taken looks like im pretty much right in front of them so when my friends see the pics, they get kinda jealous because it looks like im so very close to the stage.The sound and lighting is awesome! When there are some deep bass lines in some songs, you can literally feel the bass pounding right through your body! So overall, I would say I had an ok experience both times here. Its just that those negatives were still there and it didnt matter who was performing.
4	We went for Sunday night dinner. It wasn't packed which was great.  There was a live band playing good music.  I ad the catch of the day which happened to be swordfish.  It was very good- well seasoned & moist.  It came with bacon mashed potatoes & sauted veggies.  The place was clean & sercice was good.
3	Had breakfast here food was good. Nothing special.
3	This was our first stop of the night. We had some drinks and the vibe was casual and relaxing. The noise level wasn't too loud so we were able to converse normally. I certainly enjoyed my time here!
3	Ahhh the good ol' HOB. Man..I remember when this was THE concert spot ..the ultimate place to see your favorite performer and also the ultime spot for a performer to play.I can start my review off memories , some blurry because of the alcohol , contact high or simply because I was in a musical orgasm; However it would not be fair for the readersThe place is small. Lets face it. You will end up tasting the sweat of the person right next to you .I can tell you the night before going to a HOB concert I pray to the Gods that the people around me decided to take a shower before the event.On the flip side..small means close..close means better vibe..better vibe means awesome show! So if you are ok with all that.. it is still a very cool venue specially if you choose to sit on the balcony where there are movie theater kinda seats .Sound is outdated. Sadly to report they seem to not want to upgrade the speakers nor their (speakers)location. Usually they have to retune , or the sound is simply not that good. The place have a lot of wood which is great for sound..but when you have the same speakers that "the wonders" from "that thing you do" had..then you are pretty much done.They are selling food now.Hot dogs pizza , etc. And the price is actually pretty damn good for being inside the venue that is inside a casino. It amazingly tastes pretty good as well(for concert food of course). Food tends to go fast and wait time might be a little long but I think its pretty awesome to have the availability .Drinks are just ok. Sometimes you get that water downed vodka and cran, but they will NEVER forget to charge you more than 12 dollars for it. Seriously HOB? I mean you are selling 5 dollars pizza but a 12 dollars Barbie sized cocktail? On the flip side..they sell tall boys and that's what I stick withThis place is where its at right now due lack of investment and love from its owners . Music artists don't want to play where they know their concert is not gonna be up to par. People don't want to go to weak concerts and then the whole chain reaction starts.Trust me ;the concept is awesome and I love the feel of a private venue, without the crazy expensive ticket price and with a cool ambiance. Im sure if HOB decides to take care of their spot , all this could change.Rock out with your YELP out !
2	Medium food, high prices, staff keeps the change.
3	I came to watch jimmy eats world since I wanted a show while in Vegas but nothing overly expensive. We had gone to the red square before the concert ad drank alot of vodka and then  purchased a drink wristband  at HOB which my husband ended up taking full advantage of. This venue was small & intimate like others and no view was bad to enjoy the show. Unfortunately we were next to an obnoxious old drunk guy who kept bumping into me and causing me to spill my drink. Didn't realize how smashed my Hubby was either until I noticed he kept singing the same song over and over again lol. I followed him outside for a smoke break and when we tried to return inside he ran straight into the wall and security said he was done and kicked us out. I just couldn't believe after all the heavy metal and rap concerts we get kicked out of "jimmy eat world"! Hahaha I was pissed leaving before their set was over and it was only 9pm.
2	The place is a dump. Recently we saw GNR at HRH. Awesome sound, excellent venue, everything the HOB is not. For one thing the HOB makes no effort to restrict the number of people trying to force their way into GA. I'll never buy those tickets again. It is not safe. I'm not sure what the regulators are waiting for, but somebody is going to die in there because of their asinine policies. In the event of an emergency there would not be enough body bags. At HRH the tickets for the GA area in front of the stage are tightly controlled. No one gets in front of the stage unless they have a ticket. At HOB it was anything goes.The sound system needs a rework. Also it would be much more pleasant for the patrons if on occasion the cleaning staff actually cleaned the floor. Wherever we walked we stuck. Ick!
3	I decided to check out House of blues for brunch. The food was okay. Probably the best place for brunch in Mandalay Bay. There aren't many great places to eat at Mandalay, especially for brunch. I had an egg sandwich, eggs over easy on a buttermilk biscuit along with a side of fresh fruit. My eggs were not over easy. In fact they were overcooked. How do you mess up eggs? I just don't understand how restaurants do this. The biscuit was rich and yummy..they did not mess that up. Overall the breakfast was just okay, but 10 times better than the Mandalay buffet and room service. Therefore if I stay at Mandalay again, I may eat here again out of pure convenience.
4	This was a great venue to view a live concert, especially since they still have reserved seating, something that has all but disappeared from smaller music venues.  I like the property, I like the staff, the acoustics were great and it was a pleasant experience.  I do have a caveat for those attending shows there however- particularly people who buy their tickets online at Live Nation or Ticketmaster with the intent of printing their tickets at home.If you print your tickets online and are offered the "Pass the Line" option, don't buy it.  It's not necessary.  At the House of Blues home page, it clearly states that all a person has to do is present a receipt from the restaurant or gift shop in order to automatically receive priority entrance into the music hall.  This is true at all HOB locations in the USA, per their website.  Furthermore if like me you purchase assigned seating tickets, there really is no need for priority entrance.  Those who have General Admission/Standing Room Only tickets will have a priority, as they can get into the music hall faster and secure a better place to watch the show.Since I did not visit the HOB website to purchase my ticket to a recent show at the Las Vegas HOB, I was not aware of this option until after the fact.  I went to Tickemaster/LiveNation and bought the ticket there. During the check out process, an icon for "Pass the Line" popped up with an offer.  Buy a Pass the Line voucher in advance online, and receive not just the priority entrance, but also $20 on the voucher good towards purchase in the restaurant or gift shop.  I took it because I already knew I would be eating dinner at HOB before the show.  The voucher did not provide anything at a discount or for free, and in fact it is restrictive because it has to be used the night of the performance.  It really isn't anything more than HOB finding a way to receive payment for a meal or gift shop purchase well in advance.  Good marketing, but not good value for the consumer.  I bit anyway- that was a mistake.  After the ticket and the $20 voucher were paid for, I received an email link to print my ticket.  Upon printing I discovered that the printout includes a coupon for $10 off a restaurant meal purchase(s) of $25 or more.  The verbiage does not state it is not for the date of the ticketed performance, or excludes that performance, nor does it state that it cannot be combined with any other offer.  It is blatantly an attempt to get concert goers to eat at the restaurant, period.So I took my receipt for the prepaid voucher to the box office and was issued the voucher.  I also had the $10 off offer on the printout with me.  When I presented the voucher worth $20 in conjunction with the printed meal discount offer, I was told they could not be used together, that the discount was for a future date as in incentive for people to return to dine.   I disagreed and said there was no verbiage to that effect.  I spoke to the manager, and explained that not only was the verbiage not present, but also the $20 voucher I tendered as payment was not a freebie or a comp, I paid the $20 in advance.  In other words, I was not getting anything for free by using it.  The manager attempted to tell me that was the fee to get past the line and onto the VIP line, at which point I pointed out that there was nothing special, as I could have merely dined and obtained a receipt, and presented the receipt with my ticket as proof of dining.  The manager abruptly relented and stated he would honor both because he "wants me to have a good time at the concert."  I don 't necessarily believe that was his true motive, but it works for me.  The moral of the story is that if you are  planning on dining at HOB prior to the show, just pay for your dinner when you get there.
4	We decided to get a little 'touristy' this past Christmas.We came to Mandalay Bay to see the Shark reef and decided to eat here for Christmas lunch.SO much better then what I was expecting, which was typical hotel on the strip food.I had the Christmas special which was Prime Rib, Sweet potatoes and mixed veggies and for dessert, chocolate cheesecake.everything was delicious.not one item I ate was bad and I was so impressed.on top of that,we had excellent service from both our waiter and at the busy times, the funny bartender, who at one point started pouring our drinks while wearing normal street clothes So at first we weren't sure if he was an employee or just a crazy customer who picked up a pitcher and started doing his good deed Christmas day.will definitely be back again.could not have asked for better customer service or food!
3	What can I say it's The House of Blues, if you've seen one you've seen them all. mostly standing room unless you pay for bottle service or the balcony is open. Good sound I have no complaints.
4	I'm not a party person, kinda a homebody actually. But I enjoyed this place a lot. The music was loud and fun, the atmosphere was great and the waiters were prompt. Not a bad experience in my book.
3	I've seen three shows here and one gospel brunch. It's a great venue. Seems like there isn't a bad seat in the house. I like the balcony, short drink lines and restroom lines every time I've been there.Gospel brunch was awful. Very loud, very Jesusy, and the food was terrible compared to the food in the restaurant. I couldn't get out of there fast enough. I only went because we had free tickets, but I think we still overpaid.
5	This review is for the entertainment only.  Friday night karaoke was outstanding.   You sing on stage with a live band.  There are definitely some regulars here - the mid 50's guy with the semi-Billy Idol haircut who sang an Idol song (quite well) and a few others.  5 stars to the biker looking dude who sang "Welcome to the Jungle" and put Axl Rose to shame.  5 stars as well to the guy who got on stage wearing cowboy boots and big black cowboy hat.  I was expecting some straight-up honky tonk country until he invited everyone to give  him the middle finger, announced it was his birthday and then rocked Motley Crue's "Shout at the Devil".There were some people that absolutely had no business being on stage, but that's how it is every night at karaoke night, no matter where you are.
5	Came here feb 13 to hear the pj Barth trio (who was awesome) and also decided to eat here. We ordered whisky and cokes which came out very quickly and decided to order the full rack of st Louis ribs. Let me say-best ribs I've had in Vegas. The meat fell off the bone, and had some tasty brands and excellent coleslaw to go with it. We also had the banana bread with a whisky glaze that was to die for. Besides all the great food our waitress, Nicole, was top notch. She was nice and chatty and very attentive. She suggested the banana bread dessert to us. Even if the food was horrible (which it wasn't) I would come back here for drinks just because of her good service. We probably will come back tonight!
1	They should really teach the wait staff to take ownership.I went here with a few friends for a birthday. The night started off fine with the waiter taking our drink orders and getting settled. When the waiter asked what I wanted I pointed to the Caesar salad and said, "I'll have the Caesar salad with steak" he looked over my right shoulder to where I was pointing and said ok. When I got the salad it didn't taste like a caesar salad but every place had their own special dressing and no two are ever really the same so I thought nothing of it.., until I put an avocado in my mouth! I wasn't sure what it was at first but I spit it out because it wasn't something I expected. The lighting in the place is tinted so I still couldn't tell what I had put in my mouth until my tongue started to burn. I'm very allergic to avocado! I took out my phone to confirm what it was and sure enough it is avocado. I promptly rinsed my mouth with my drink and realized I didn't have antihistamines or my epi pen on me... They were in my bag I forgot in the car. Thankfully because I didn't ingest it and because I quickly spit and rinsed I only ended up with a swollen, itchy tongue and lips. When I told the waiter I didn't see avocado on the menu description he pointed to the Steak Salad(not the Caesar) and said, "right there" when I told him I ordered the other salad he said, "sorry, I heard steak salad so that's what I wrote down." What I heard when he said that was, "I wasn't actively listening to your order. I heard a key word and assumed I would be right." Or "you totally said steak salad and now you're trying to put this on me!" Either way he wasn't listening or looking (because I even pointed) and he refused to take ownership. Had I swallowed the avocado this could have been a lot worse than a bad review! This could have been me dead and them in a lot of trouble with my partner and our lawyer. I waited till the end of our visit at this restaurant to write this review. I wanted to give him a chance to take ownership of his mistake but he never did. He showed no concern for me after I told him what happened. I wish I had been able to find a manager to avoid this review and let them know they need to do some more training. Taking ownership is not a bad thing! Accountability is important in the customer service industry. Since actively listening, taking ownership or accountability, and caring are either not taught by management or not practiced by staff: be sure to let your waiter know of any food allergy even if you know they item you ordered is a safe item.I would really love to be able to speak to a manager and change my view of the experience I had here. I'm sure this was just a fluke but this was a serious matter. I hate leaving bad reviews and would love the chance to reevaluate. I just saw no empathy from my waiter and it really scared me seeing that food allergies are no joke.I will be calling to speak with a manager at my earliest convenience.
5	Swing dancing on Tuesday nights at the House of Blues is soooo much fun. Tons of awesome dancers who are friendly and  amazing to watch.  The bands change weekly so there are all types of good music to dance to.  Everyone should check it out. Come in your fancy duds and dance shoes! This week was a band from L.A.  The California Feet Warmers.  So much fun.
1	I'm not changing my review, but in fairness, after reading my post a manager from the restaurant contacted me to apologize for the food and gave me a full refund, which is pretty great. She offered me a free dinner at The House of Blues here in LA. Haven't had a chance to take her up on it, but if I do I'll report back.
4	I've been to HoB dozens of times, but nothing recently until a concert the other night.The venue is small enough to make you feel close to all the action, but big enough to where it isn't overly crowded.It is probably my most favorite place to listen to live music in town truthfully.  Most other places are much much larger, and you don't have the same effect being there.The security here are actually decent people, not too harsh and stern like they were a few years ago.  Seems like they lessened up a bit.Prices are usually reasonable too, but that obviously depends on who's playing.
1	The House of Blues is the worst live music venue in Las Vegas. I don't even know where to start. First I guess is the design. A venue should always have a clear line of sight to the stage. In this place, there are HUGE pillars that surround the main floor, so if you're on the other side, you're screwed. They also EXTREMELY oversell the place. When a concert is sold out, it's packed as tight as can be...yeah, you may think every general admission concert is like that right? Wrong. You have to take stairs down to actually get in the venue, and when it's full, there's people standing up the stairs. When the Joint at the Hard Rock has a sold out show, there's still plenty of room to get reasonably close to the stage, and still have room to breathe. I've never sat in the balcony, so I can't comment on that. But bottom line, if it's not sold out, ok, if it is, just stay home and don't bother. The Joint at the Hard Rock Hotel usually gets much better acts anyways.
5	I love seeing concerts at the house of blues.  The acoustics are less than perfect but the small venue size and close proximity to the stage makes up for that.This last visit was for the Pennywise concert on March 16.  Checking in thru security was swift and they were all quite pleasant.  Once inside it was packed which is to be expected with a band like this with such a huge following for the past 25 years.  It was a great time!The bartenders were efficient despite being slammed.  The one I dealt with took the time to greet me AND thank me after serving me and taking payment.  I know that's trivial but in atmospheres like this those types of qualities general get forgotten about.One other thing I enjoy about HOB is the security (while ever present especially at this type of concert) are not over-bearing.  They realize that at this type of show it's going to get rowdy, there's going to be a mosh pit, there will be crowd surfing and people will be getting knocked down.  Goes with the territory and that's what I enjoy for this type of show.  Don't worry all of you more timid concert goers...there's plenty of seating upstairs or standing areas around the floor that are out of the mix.This past experience receives 5 stars from me given the fact that I know going into it that the following will occur:  I will have beer spilled/sprayed on me, my shoes will get trashed, I will be sweaty and I will encounter a few dicks with attitudes...All goes with the territory.  If you want a peaceful experience, go see Celine Dion or something.  Otherwise come to HOB and get rowdy and support bands like this!Danzig, April 17...see you then!
2	I keep trying to like this place. Really. And I do appreciate the gorgeous artwork on the ceiling and in the upper eaves. And the cool light shows that the stage is set up for. But when it comes to acoustics, service, and general comfort, this location fails. What should be a small, intimate concert experience always devolves into a sweaty, shoving free-for-all, with some 6'6'' dude standing right in front of me and a 10 minute wait at the bar for a $13 drink. The no re-entry policy kind of makes me feel an animal being herded into a corral during set breaks.I saw Umphree's McGee here last night, and have seen Moby, Metric, Ghostland Observatory, Karl Denson, and Wilco in the past. The Karl Denson and Wilco shows worked here, because there was very limited attendance, making them quiet, intimate events. For a truly intimate venue, I like the E-String. But for a bigger crowd, the Hard Rock Cafe on the Strip would be a better choice.
4	All though my visit didn't turn out great the response from management was so fast and they seemed so concerned and sincere in their apologies that I had to update my review. Sometimes employees are caught off guard by a guest challenge and maybe they're unsure of how to proceed or maybe they're afraid of the consequences they may face if they say they've made an honest mistake. But if there is one thing I have learned in my years of working in and training others in customer service it's that taking ownership, apologizing and empathizing really go a long way.The way management jumped on this and tried to get a hold of me was commendable. I will be going back and honestly I think I'll order that salad I got last time! I always play it safe and order a Caesar when going out but the salad they brought me last time...the steak salad(?) was Really Good! I will be updating again after I go back this weekend.Thank you to LeeAnn G. and Michael Hide for reaching out to me and making me feel welcome to come back.
5	Had a very good experience had a waiter named Anthony was right on top of things great server.. And great food will be back
1	This place was TERRIBLE! I had a tough time finding something on the menu. Absolutely nothing sounded delicious and I was tempted to walk out, but we had already ordered our drinks. I ended up going with the classic club... for $17, mind you. Imagine my surprise when I receive a sandwich with "fake" turkey (you know the kind where its all wet and sort of on the slimy side,.... not slightly dry and freshly carved like it should be?) ....and a thick slice of sweaty cheddar cheese! Seriously? I feel completely ripped off and I honestly want to see Aaron Sanchez's food network membership revoked. P.S. sprinkling dried pepper flakes on slices of pickle does not make you creative!!!!!!!!
3	I saw Joe Satriani here and the sound was decent but the venue needs to be updated badly. It's just too beaten up compared to The Joint. They seem to have an identity crisis, hosting a lot of crappy hip hop shows and trying to appeal to the wrong crowds. Steel Panther is a fucking joke yet they have a residency here on a regular basis. There are too many good local bands for this venue to support the garbage it's promoting as "good music" That being said, when a real band is actually booked here, the production values i.e. lights and sound are usually top notch.
3	I have eaten here several times before, usually for breakfast.  The menu has recently changed, however, I prefer the previous menu.  It was easier to order from.  The service is always good I feel.  They have a nice gift shop.  Eat one breakfast one morning, get 2 for 1 next day with your receipt!
5	St patty's day here was awesome! Live bands all day long, great food and fun atmosphere!
1	My experience at the house of blues was less than great to say the least. It was a Saturday night so the hour wait wasn't a problem, what was a problem was that the host wanted either a drivers license or credit card for the table pager. I wasn't comfortable giving either of those items to host at a restaurant for a pager; when I declined both hosts working got rude stating I could wait if I like but if I wasn't there when they called I would lose my table which is understandable. After about 45 minutes we checked in to see if there was an update about our table again the host was rude telling me they had 15 minutes and the exact time that they had to get us a table. When our table was ready they sat us right in front of the live band, which was so loud we couldn't even order or communicate with our server. We asked our server if we could move back slightly which she accommodated with no problem. Our server was amazing and I would enjoy her serving me anytime. Now lets talk about the food.... Lets start with the chicken I was served... First I'm not sure it was even chicken because the size of the leg and breast I got were so tiny.... When I cut into it and got passed the skin I'm pretty sure the chicken wasn't cooked... It may have been the poor lighting but the chicken just didn't look right.... My moms chicken wasn't much better than mine, but she was able to eat hers... The server offered to remake my chicken but I was already too turned off to try another attempt at it, so instead I ate a side of mashed potatoes. Everything else that came from the kitchen was ok and just ok.... Nothing stood out as amazing or spectacular...Oh and if there is a band playing they also charge an entertainment fee... Which is a bit unreasonable since the band made it so you had to scream across the table. So if your looking to be treated rudely,pay for overpriced cafeteria food, and not be able to communicate with your group then this is your place....
2	After being on the strip for the day, I wanted something comfortable and laid back for my last nights stay at the Mandalay Bay. I wanted a few drinks and to listen to some live music. The hostess just glared at us going in. She made no attempt to make eye contact. She was more concerned with texting on her cell phone. The restaurant wasn't that busy but looked fun as it was a full band with karaoke.  I asked for a table for a party of two and she just pointed and said seat yourself anywhere. We sat for about 30 minutes as waiters kept walking by. We yelled trying to get their attention. Finally, after yelling and clapping my hands at the waiter at another table who had walked past me 4 times in the 30 minutes he said he would take our order. He made sure we knew he was working past his scheduled time. I even commented that I would sit another table so I could get someone to wait on me. I watched this poor waiter serve half the restaurant while the rest of the wait staff had their own small areas that they seem to service well. After watching this for about 30 minutes, watching the manager not take care of his employees and redeploy them to take back the floor, I approached him and told him what was going on. It was obvious that he wasn't going to jump in and take his front end back.  He set a very bad example chatting on his cell phone several times while on the floor. Anyway, after two drinks I had enough. I was really disappointed and will probably never return. Hopefully the general manager will look at the development of his team and provide some coaching to his wait staff and host at the door. There is no excuse for this type of service at a 5 star hotel.
1	I've been to the House of Blues for a few concerts now, and there are plenty of other venues that offer a better sound quality, especially in Las Vegas. If you have the opportunity to see a band at another venue, I highly recommend it. The sound quality is awful, so there will be a very low chance you'll understand anything coming out of the singers mouth. It ends up being just a muffle that fades into the rest of the band.
5	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. I saw Rob Zombie here years ago as well. It is one of the best music venue that I have been to over the years. The staff were really nice, the sight views and layout was cool. It was an intimate venue without feeling like a steam room.
4	Delicious eats for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Great drinks, excellent service.  I enjoyed the live music as well.  This was my favorite place to eat in the entire Mandalay Bay Resort.
4	Went to the Yelp star wars event. I have to say Misti and Molly rock! These ladies always put together fun events. I hope one day to become an Elite so I can see what the privileged few get to attend but I have to say the regular events are way fun!
4	Came here for a bite to eat after we found that RM Seafood was closed due to an event . We sat in the bar area and ordered several appetizers and a few beers which were very good. The waiter was great and really took care of business with us and all the tables around us. Good job. Good Food and ambiance.The next day the breakfast was not nearly as good but I may try again if given the chance.
3	Girls loved the fish tacos and club.  I had the po boy and it was super greasy and tasted more like oil than shrimp.  Really disappointed in the service as well, waitress came by once to get our order.  I've always loved the food and service here so I will be back.  Just disappointed w this visit!
4	This place is amazing..the atmosphere is great, people are fun! My only complaint is they close WAY TOO EARLY! Come on..this is Vegas. I hope they expand their hours. 3AM is good.... Thank goodness Ri Ra was open super late to accomodate us. :)However, they have the best bread pudding I've ever had..
3	You know you're in Vegas when you shell out $25 for a hamburger and coke. I tried this place a couple of times as we were staying in the Mandalay Bay and there are limited options. Food was OK, nothing really write home about. Service was good, no complaints. Pricing is pretty high, but then again, you are in a Las Vegas casino..Not bad but far from great.
5	On June 12, 2013,We totally enjoyed our dinner spent for our last evening in Las Vegas.  The food there was exceptional and tasty.  Our waiter, Anthony Collata provided exceptional. He was terrific in checking with us throughout the meal.  Anthony was personable and knowledgeable in informing us in what was recommend.  He made our last dinner there very special and memorable.  If we return to this restaurant, we would definitely request for him to serve us.  The catfish there was the best we have ever tried.  Henry and JennyFrom Hawaii
4	I came to the House of Blues for the first time to watch AFI/Saosin many years ago. However, since Yelp didn't exist or was big then. Also, I never had experiences in other venues, so I couldn't really judge.One thing I like about this place that the atmosphere isn't cramped or disgusting looking. Maybe it was also because being emo and scene wasn't that big during my high school years, but the venue wasn't full of high school teens who think the world revolves around them. I also like that there's a big enough back area to chill in unlike some smaller venues where you're just packed in one floor.All in all, I think House of Blues is one of the better venues out there.
4	It's good place for breakfast or brunch after a late night out or even after a hangover. I like their coffee and their waffles are great with strawberries! So were their french toast. Will come back if we decide to stay at M/B again.
2	The restaurant portion is meh. Can't say I'm fan of much of anything there. Meh drinks and beer list. Meh food. Meh service. Meh ambiance. What does redeem the restaurant area is the Rockstar Karaoke (currently on Friday nights at 10:00pm). Live band karaoke is the best. The host is so-so, but it moves along quickly and lots of folks get a chance to sing. And the band is pretty good.So in sum, skip the food, but come for some karaoke.
3	The food was good. The BBQ pizza appetizer was great, as was the macaroni and cheese. The citrus chicken was good, nothing special. The service was very, very slow.
2	I ordered the traditional eggs Benedict.  The Canadian bacon was rubbery.  The English muffin was difficult to cut through. The eggs were almost cooked all the way through, providing very little yolk.  The hollandaise sauce was not hollandaise sauce.  The hash-browns were soggy, watery and bland.  The dish reminded me of sub par cafeteria food.  On a lighter note I did enjoy the cheddar biscuits.  The service was outstanding.  For $25 you are probably better off going to the buffet or the cafe.
4	This review is only for the restaurant itself and not the music venue. I've been to this restaurant twice now for our usual holiday meeting. We take up the bigger conference room in the back of the restaurant since there are quite a few of us. And both times, my coworkers and I have had an amazing experience. Their service is on point here. Our waiters have been super patient with serving a big group like ours. Some of my coworkers are a bit demanding, but the staff was always there to get whatever they asked for. The food always came out within a reasonable time. The portions of food are ridiculous, a bit pricey, but worth it. The food here is good. I don't remember what I ordered the first time we were here, but this time I ordered the meatball sliders. The meatball was rich in flavor and the marinara sauce wasn't too tart. The bread still had some crunch from toasting it, which I like. I also ordered the House of Blues salad which I thought was just blah. The lettuce was a little wilted and could have used more dressing. I know my coworkers enjoyed their food since everyone was raving about how good everything was. I did eat a few sweet potato fries from someone's plate. It could have been cooked a little, as they were soft when I but into them. I enjoyed coming here for our meeting. It definitely beats having our meetings in one of our stock rooms. We will definitely be back for our next one.
4	Love the atmosphere! Food was great but a little slow.  A little pricey, but what isn't on the strip?  Would definitely go again.
1	This review is for the restaurant only.  Easily the worst dining experience I've had in Vegas.  Came for lunch with four other friends.  Waited 30 minutes (yes we should have left), kept being told our table was being set up and then waited longer.  And they asked for a drivers license for some reason? (yes we should have left!)  Our waiter seemed frazzled and rushed the whole time, and it didn't really seem that busy.  We waited over 10 minuted for our drinks (four waters and a Diet Coke).  My cobb salad was actually good sized and tasty but the rest of my party wasn't so lucky.  The street tacos are a joke, a tiny tortilla with one piece of bland chicken.  The mac and cheese was actually tasty, but the sandwiches my friends' got were all meh.  Oh, and the water was gross for some reason?  We had to get lemons to be able to drink it.  The waiter was maybe the worst I've had; never checked on us, no refills and was even openly annoyed when I gave him a hundred dollar bill for my twenty-something dollar check.  Come for a show, but go ANYWHERE else for lunch.
4	Some observations based on a recent Steel Panther Show, which my buddy and I see every year during our annual summer Vegas trip:At most venues, doors open about an hour before the scheduled start of the show.  I don't know about other acts, but they always do doors for Panther only 30 minutes before the scheduled start of the show, so doors aren't until 11:00 p.m., for Panther.  There is no reason to get there before 11:00 and no reason to line up.  We usually chill and get drinks at the casino bar across from the HOB and stroll right in when the line is gone.  Panther tends to go on a little late anyway. Panther's set was an the short side (about an hour) this time.  I'm not sure what's up with that.
2	Meh. Long time to get the food. No wait to be seated though. Jambalaya was so so. Mojito was weak. Overall meh !
3	Food is ok.  Service is very slow.  There were probably a total of 10 people in the restaurant and it was a very long wait for food.  The first time I came here I ordered the all twisted up skillet which is just a bunch of veggies mixed in with eggs and topped with cheese.  It was very good and flavorful--the first time.  The second time I was like meh.  It was just totally bland but edible the second time.  Husband got the biscuits and gravy the first time and some sort of chorizo and egg dish the second time with a pancake.  The pancake was as large as the plate but arrived at least 10-15 mins before the main dish came out.  Really?  Anyways...if you are looking for a quick breakfast look elsewhere.  That's my opinion.
3	This is a typical quick breakfast joint for a drunk gambler who wants to get back to his main goal: gambling...The food was not very good at all and not filling either. I had two eggs, awful bacon, and toast. My sister has a 10" wide pancake that wasn't very good. My grandmother had 4 small waffles with butter and syrup.Not going there again...
5	Box office was awesome! I had a problem and they took the time to solve it so thank you for that! Saw The Cult and they killed it!
5	Be sure to ask how big the portions are! My wife and I could have split one order and still left food on the plate. Great value for breakfast.
1	Terrible service. It took 25 minutes to get our drinks.  We told the staff that we were seeing the Cirque show in an hour. At the hotel. He said no worries. We had the bacon wrapped poppers.  Ick. Cheese burger and salad. The food came out 5 minutes before we had to leave.  It had been sitting on a warmer. Kinda pricey, food is ok, but the service is atrocious. Better choices in town.
3	We have been to concerts here AND had dinner, but I hear lunch and breakfast are the better deals. Let's call this a strong  3 1/2 that could go up or down for both the venue or the restaurant on any one day, too many unforced errors in our experience.We LOVE Aarrron Sanchez, and his influence is obvious in the surprisingly good food possible here.There is a lot of restaurant turnover here, like a lot of food joints. We were surprised at how good most of our food was but had to send back a ridiculous steak salad that didn't have any steak on it, should never have been served. Portions are large and we had a very good flat bread pizza. Probably more of a beer crowd but they had a decent J Lohr Cab bottle under $40. Servers mean really well but I'm not sure the person training our server's tats were really any better than the trainee's tats. But they fixed it no problem, just be prepared; this is erratic and good, but watch out. A lot of mistakes were made including our bill and they weren't busy at 10pm on a Monday night.For a concert, expect a lot of security, NO water bottles, by large people that don't look as smart as airport personnel and that was our experience when we got relocated because the band, Gotye, had setup their lighting exactly in our seats.  Some huge guys in bad suits sat us in some poorer seats and we moved later on our own to better seats. The general admin seating is wild downstairs and probably not for anybody over 40 who can afford a table or a seat upstairs. Excellent sound and viewing in general, small venue. Can be pricey. We have not done the Gospel brunch but have wanted to do it in Chicago for a long time, we hear it is great.A-OK, but expect anything and you won't be surprised.
1	Ate there today.  Horrible experience! Service was totally absent. I gave a waiter the empty coffee carafe and he never came back.  The only thing I found good to eat was the cold shrimp and the omelet.  Most of the promised menu was absent.  No  sliders or shrimp & grits.  No chicken wings.  The meat they called prime rib was over cooked, dry and tasteless.  The entertainment was a movie for the first hour and the a few women singing - I expected a choir.
3	Had dinner at house of blues.Service was decent and pretty quick.Food looked good but was very bland.Recommend you carry salt, pepper, and what eve spice you like on your pocket.But to be fair, I'm from Louisiana and most food outside my state is bland, no flavor.Of course it's very loud, but not bad overall.
5	Great venue - great staff - great acts - watch their concert listings - got see Deep Purple, Tesla, Shinedown, Slash and of course Steel Panther.
4	Great food and fantastic musicWent in for breakfast enjoyed the meal so much that we returned for dinner and to our surprise we got to listen to a great guitarist while enjoying our dinner of fried chicken.
5	Saw Santana here. Remarkable venue - small, intimate with great sound. I suspect you can see well from any seat in the place. Santana rocked like a 20 year old and was backed by a superb cadre of others. The food was okay, but no more. Service was very good.  Had a VIP package which included, much to our surprise, top shelf bottles of wine. It was a great experience.
5	The food here is fantastic!  We stopped after the Michael Jackson One show and had the jalapeno corn bread, a chicken quesadilla and the lobster mac&cheese.  All these dishes were fantastic!  We were pleasantly surprised.  Highly recommend!
1	AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!$12 for a Fireball Shot? Where are the Strippers?This place has gone downhill since it opened and is a joke amongst Vegas Locals.Drinks are 25% more than even the most expensive Strip Clubs. It would be different if the shows were free. Security Wanding & Pat Down before entering? Really TSA?Avoid this place at all costs!
4	This review is for the gigs that get hosted here, not for the restaurant itself.Seems like nearly every metal band I see goes to play here if they're not any of the big wigs from the 80s era thrash/hair/new wave-of-heavy-metal or whatever. All the big boys play at the arenas, but sometimes they'll step down and give concerts with an intimate experience. Although that seems to be a rare thing nowadays, and if they do that, they're most likely playing at The Joint over at the Hard Rock Hotel.There's really not a lot of options when it comes to booking venues here in Vegas, so we're mainly stuck with the HOB most of the time when it comes to alternative music acts that are more well-known outside the US.I've been to nearly all the venues here in Vegas, both big and small, yet end up at the HOB most of the time.I would say that this place is just like any other HOB in existence. You've got your bar area, the concert pit, the upper section and of course, the stage. A good thing about this place is that unlike the other small venues out there such as The Vinyl or The Railhead, the stage is raised which offers everyone a decent view of their idols. That way, you don't have to strain your neck whenever some 6-foot giant is headbanging in front of you.HOB security here is more lax about moshing compared to other places, although I'm not sure if they will accept crowd-surfing and stage-diving...As for sneaking in cameras, I have never been caught recording on my cell phone. But this was years ago, and perhaps times have changed. I'm not sure if they'll accept digital cameras, so your safest bet is to compromise by having a smart phone in hand. Most concert venues I've been to don't really care about people recording on their iPhones, Samsung Galaxies, etc. So if you have a smart phone that can record well, then by all means bring it.The acoustics for this place are really good and perhaps some of the best I've ever heard. However, it can get a bit loud since the place is small and you're up close--although sometimes I feel like the tech theatre folks purposefully crank the decibel up to eleven at this place compared to other venues (pop concerts are not exempt from this, and I could've sworn that my ears hurt more when I came here to see an Utada/J-pop concert than all the times I came here for my metal bands). At other places such as The Joint, the decibel wasn't all that bad even up close. If you don't want to lose your hearing, then buy some quality noise-reduction ear plugs--you know, the ones that musicians wear or those airmen folks at the nearby Nellis AFB hand out for free during their air shows (although I suggest that you do this for every venue regardless).Besides the sound, the ticket prices at this place seem to rise every year ever since HOB switched ticketing agents. They no longer handle their own ticketing and have sold their souls to the evil that is Ticketmaster. Ticket prices to see a band used to be as low as $23...then it went up to $27...then $35...I'd be surprised if they end up in the $40s in the near future, and I hope not. If you wanna buy tickets to see a concert here, buy them at the box office if possible. Buying them online would just cost you more since Ticketmaster loves to charge that ridiculous 'service fee' or whatever they call it, adding an extra $10 or $12 to your ticket price. If you buy at the box office, you don't have to pay for that at all, although they still charge you 4-5 bucks for 'facility fees'. Still though, that's better than paying an extra ten or dozen for your ticket.Overall, if you're a local concert-goer, you might find yourself ending up at this place more than others since bands somehow manage to book this place a lot. The scenery can get tiring after that, although those doesn't derail the quality of the venue itself. HOB folks are nice and security shouldn't give you too much trouble. This place is as good as it gets for a 'local concert hotspot'.
1	two of us ordered the swordfish for $23.99, and one had the pulled pork sandwich... Its obvious  the cooks do not know what they are doing. the fish was dry, dry, dry as was the pulled pork.. saving grace was the mashed potatoes,, Our waiter was... less than attentive.we were there for the concert and it took over 15 minutes before he came to our table.. then he proceeded to touch me like i was his special friend... sir, it is inappropriate for you to be touching a guest, especially a woman, do not place your hand on my back and touch my shoulder,,,, very creepy. never once did he ask how our meal was.. he was to busy chatting up the other table about doing shots... I had to ask 3 times for our check,, hence, the 15% tip
2	Came Friday night and had a great time at Michael franti concert. The venue, employees and atmosphere were great! Came back Saturday morning for breakfast and was very disappointed. Food service was slow and order eventually came incorrect. Food itself was one star, Denny's quality food...blech!Summary- come for music atmosphere and drinks but don't eat the food.
3	I loved the intimate venue however the food was not very good. I had pancakes which how can you mess up and my husband had eggs benedict which were horrible. Go only for the entertainment.
4	My Wife and I had lunch here for the first time in September.  The service was friendly and prompt.  I've also been to the HOB in Orlando but, never ate there.The food was amazing.  I got the Juicy Lucy.  One of the famous Chefs own recipes.  It was the best burger I've ever had.  Simply awesome.  I've told everyone about it.  It's a MUST try.  My Wife really enjoyed her chicken sandwich.I love the ambiance, and wall art.  Top notch.  When I go back, I will be having a Juicy Lucy and checking out Santana if he's still playing there.
3	First off I should really review this place as a concert venue first. Loved the show I went too and the sound was incredible. The bar service was good and speedy. But it is definitely a Vegas place. I really don't like to spend $14 dollars on a PBR tall boy? But that is what I had to do. In the end I would definitely come back here. But plan on not drinking while there.
3	Must they over salt everything?
4	House of Blues is a really great mid-sized venue. I've seen around a dozen shows here and have always had an enjoyable experience. Ticket prices are usually reasonable and if you're a designate driver, non-alcoholic drinks are free (at least the AFI show!) I've normally purchased alcoholic beverages (which are priced as one would expect for a chain venue) when visiting House of Blues, so I'm not sure I got an awesome bartender or if this is their normal generous policy.I would have given HoB a five, but I just don't get bathroom attendants. I've been dispensing my own paper towels for myself since I was a kid. I just don't need a dude to try to be helpful by placing the paper towels he's offering to dry my clean hands on a wet, dirty countertop with his potentially dirty hands. And if I need cologne, I'll use mine at home. I typically attend metal and punk shows at HoB so a bathroom attendant is a little more "class" than I imagine the attendees at these shows expect. I know, I know - it's Vegas and this is fairly standard practice. I still feel it's obnoxious and superfluous. Bathroom attendants aside, you should feel you're making a good choice if you choose to check out a show at Las Vegas' House of Blues!
1	I emailed the Manager Director the next day as LeAnn requested, and he ( Michael Heid) responded and said he would call me the next afternoon. Have never heard anything more from them. Apparently, fixing this restaurant and having satisfied customers is not on their list of priorities.. Wish I had read the yelp reviews before we spent the money on the bland, over cooked, overpriced food. I did notice that most of the positive and very lengthy in-depth reviews are from locals??? hmmm.  I compared them to the other reviews.. Even the out of town 4/5 star reviews are not as indepth and lengthy...Makes me wonder if these locals have been asked to, or if they have been given incentives to leave this high feedback...
3	The menu is very pricy, and since Aaron Sanchez created the new menu, many of my favorites have been removed. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, and I am pleased to say it was really good. The pork is extremely tender. My main complaints are with my server. I asked for a kids water, and he asked me if I wanted the cup that lit up. I said yes, but had no idea, I was going to be charged $5 for that cup. Also, he took a really long time to bring the check, and an even longer time to bring me the change. With a great server, I would have given a higher rating.
5	Gabriella was incredible and informative.  My drink never went empty!  She brought me cucumbers for my hendricks and tonic which i love.  We came in for a light lunch and she recommended the juicy Lucy because she said it was a must and it was featured on the food network.  Oh my Cheese!  Although not light It is a must because I must be in heaven!
4	This is just for the food. I wish I could have seen a band here, but was in town for business and just didn't have time. I flew in from KC late Monday night (for my time zone) and missed dinner with my coworkers, so I decided to head out on my own. I was staying at Mandalay Bay, so I didn't have far to go to House of Blues. It's right in that complex.I asked to sit at the bar. That's usually what I do if i am eating alone. You get seated right away, your server is never far away and the service is usually superb. I was not disappointed.I asked the bartender for a light, savory gin drink. I can't remember what he called it, but it hit the spot. Then I asked what was good on the menu. Initially he said, "Everything". I said BS to that. Then he asked what I wanted - I said something light, it's late for me. So, he recommended the shrimp tacos.The food came out pretty quickly. The shrimp tacos were really good. Lots of shrimp, nicely seasoned with a little kick. I asked for hot sauce, but all they had was Tabasco. That surprised me. Didn't this chain start in New Orleans? However, they had some sauce that really highlighted the flavor, so kudos.I was out in less than an hour. Nice dinner. I'd go back - next time for a concert, hopefully.
5	We loved the place, the food and the service.  Great ambiance.  We Will recommend and we will come back!
4	I saw Coheed and Cambria here.  This place lost a star for a miscommunication about their front of the line pass.  They have a $20 pass you can buy to enter the music venue first.  You buy one per person and you go. This pass is good for the store or the back bar.  This seemed like a great idea to my mom and I, as we were planning on drinking first anyway.  We went to the bar and got each of our $20 worth of drinks... and then they say that you can only use one $20 front of line credit per party.  So... what is the point of getting them?  Our bartender went to the ticket booth to make sure that we even needed to buy two of them... turns out we did need to buy one each, but we can't use them?  It all worked out in the end but ugh it was a fiasco.  Absolute fiasco.The reason that I still gave them the 4 stars is because we did have an amazing bartender, and the venue wasn't overcrowded.  I go to shows and concerts in Los Angeles.  I've seen Coheed and Cambria many times in LA and lets face it, I'm not a spring chicken.  So its getting harder and harder to enjoy the music with all the violence.  In Vegas it wasn't overcrowded and security was on it.  The music was amazing, the show was long, and it was air conditioned!  As for our bartender, after the show we went back for more drinks.  She asked what I wanted and I told her I wanted something fruity but refreshing.  She asked one more question, and that was "do you like ginger?" I say yes, and she makes me the most delicious peach/ginger drink i've ever had.  AND she wrote down the recipe so I can have it made again in the future.  Overall, we left happy.
5	Santana at HOB.  ABSOLUTELY THE BEST.  I would recommend the floor "seats" they are much more fun that the theater level.  Didn't eat the food, but had cocktails in the souvenir glasses.  Expensive, but they don't short you on the alcohol - probably at least a double shot.  If you are even a casual Santana fan, this is a MUST SEE.
4	Our server, Lamont, was awesome!  He always knew when we needed water or something, but did not hover.The food was incredible.   I had the meatloaf, my husband had jambalaya.  We shared the chocolate mousse.  Rockstar Karaoke was the entertainment.  The live band that supports the singers is very talented.   If you go,  ask to be seated where you can see the stage.  We were in a corner where the tables themselves are very nice, but you can't see the entertainment.  Due to the sound system, you can hear very well, though.We had been to the Santana show before dinner and that is unbelievable.  I have been twice this year and the shows were different so going more than once doesn't get boring at all.  Santana show plus dinner at the restaurant equals a wonderful evening!!
1	I was excited to try H.O.B. while on vacation, but my breakfast never came so I left and not to mention I waited 15 mins to sit (party of 1) and an hour plus before the waiter walked by and said "oh gosh idk what's going on" Booooo!!
3	Great food if you can survive the wait to receive it after you order. Over 50 minutes from the time of ordering to the time of receiving our food.
3	Server was engaging and friendly but overall, we won't be back. It was somewhat busy when we arrived around 10:30 on a Saturday morning. 35 minutes to be seated. Ordered beverages and food within 10 minutes. Almost an hour later, literally 50 minutes, we finally received our pancakes, watery eggs, overlooked bacon and undercooked hashbrowns. Not worth the price and definitely NOT worth the wait.
5	I can't believe I've been to Vegas so many times and never hit the Gospel brunch.  This is such a fun way to kick off a Sunday in Sin City. The singers know their gospel and they get everyone in the venue on their feet, clapping and singing.  The brunch was the best we've had In Vegas and at $50 head it's a steal considering the show is basically a freebie.  Bloody Mary bar?  Check. Chicken and waffles?  Check.  Best Mac n cheese in the world? Check.  You gotta check this out
4	Went to Kirk Franklin Presents Gospel Brunch and guess what, there was no Kirk Franklin.  We should have guessed it, but were disappointed nonetheless. In spite of... the show was wonderful, upbeat and uplifting.  The food was good and the banana bread pudding was phenomenal!
3	Breakfast here was decent - too much onion in the gravy over biscuits, and a pancake that was a bit mealy inside. Service was admirable and the place is iconic. I would venture here again for lunch or dinner because I love their cornbread, but breakfast may find me somewhere else...
1	Never ever ever have breakfast here. I was a party of one and had to wait 20 min to be seated. I walked in and half the tables were empty. Epic fail.
1	If I could give less than one star, I would. Terrible, terrible, terrible brunch. Possibly the worst food in Vegas (at least of the food I have tried in Vegas). The brunch is especially terrible if you are vegetarian or health conscious. Nothing healthy and no true vegetarian options. Everything that I tried was disgusting (e.g. omelet station, salads, country potatoes, mac and cheese). You will only enjoy the food if you also enjoy Denny's.As for the entertainment, it was decent. Some might call it a fun experience. If you are willing to pay $50 to hear gospel church music, then this is your spot. The vocalists were decent singers and the experience was somewhat entertaining. Overall, I think it's a complete waste of money.
5	I am biased; I witnessed one of the funniest scenes of my life here.HOB was pleasantly surprising. I would never have thought they'd have such attentive servers and really delicious food. My dad's friends made the reservation, so I didn't have a say in any of the matter.The atmosphere is a bit chain-y, but it's pretty, and the bathroom is really big!Anyway, everybody liked their entree, and our server was so nice, dealing with our rowdy group. The band was a 90s rock group specializing in girl power songs like No Doubt and Alanis, and I loved it. The sound is great, too.After too many drinks, some poor girl decided to dance-attack my dad on the dance floor. She seemed lost from her friends. She wasn't wearing underwear....and I can't quite explain the scene when she tried doing back bends in her mini skirt, on my DAD. My mom watched in pure shock as the whole group completely lost it. Not sure if I've ever laughed that hard in my life. What happens in Vegas, goes on Yelp.The staff handled it very well. They were nice to the girl, but needless to say, she had to go auf wiedersehen. They escorted her out and we got a story to tell for years.
4	I've gone to House of Blues twice - both times because it was a Sunday in the winter and my family and I were in Vegas, and my brothers (huge niner fans) wanted to go to a restaurant where we can watch the game. House of blues has huge tv screens that play football games on Sundays. Onwards to the food. Their food is Cajun styled and really tasty. Apparently there's a new chef at this location and he created a new menu 6 months ago. MUST: get the voodoo shrimp. Omgosh. Jumbo shrimp on fried styled cornbread, soo good. Another must: get the cornbread. It comes with maple butter. Believe me it's yummy! Was too full for dessert this time but I remember it being good. Prices are also reasonable too!
3	We stopped in here for a quick bite one evening. The food was ok. The prices seem a bit high, but that is to be expected for Vegas I guess. But the highlight of our visit was our server! Our waiter was Kurt and he was so friendly and helpful. Ask to be seated in his section and you will have a great experience.
4	Went to the House of Blues Kirk Franklin Sunday Brunch in celebration of my God-Sister Birthday.**Great Seating, Great Food and of course the Performers(singers) were awesome and a Blessing. We got so involved with participating in singing along and praising God. But only a little disappointed 1. We actually thought Kirk Franklin was going o be there to perform(he was only there video wise) 2. The Food was Great but after the performance it was time to leave, we were like "What" that's it!!!Performance is over & Brunch too, WOW!!! but We stood up, sang, & Praise we didn't really eat our food just nibble here and there.Suggestion: A. It should state on your ticket that Kirk Franklin will not be there personally just by pre-recorded Video. B. If Brunch starts @ 10:00 they should give people to enjoy the brunch till 11:00 from 11:00-12:30 performance, 12:30 continue your Brunch till 1:00= change the time frame of the Brunch,. so those that are thinking about going please be on time to enjoyed your Brunch, Unlike us we were enjoying the Praising and singing . It was all Good we left there not full of good food but Full of the Spirit God is Good....When I visit Las Vegas I will re-visit the House of Blues Sunday Brunch :-)
4	This review is mostly for the restaurant.  We came here for dinner because we scored free tix to a Brazilian Party at the concert venue, and we had a $25 restaurant.com certificate for the restaurant.I'd love to be able to give the restaurant 3 1/2 stars, but the service and management was so exceptional that I'm bumping it up to 4.  We were two couples, and it turned out that we all decided to order the same thing, the Turkey Burger.  One of our friends is allergic to tomatoes, and told the waitress that they absolutely had to be left off.  We waited quite a while for our food to be delivered, and even though we'd gotten to the restaurant with time to spare before the concert, we were getting nervous.  When the food was delivered, you guessed it, the tomatoes were sitting on his burger, and it needed to be sent back.  The waitress was completely apologetic and stated that she absolutely told that to the kitchen.  We believed her, and it didn't take too much time for his food to come back, this time prepared correctly.We all agreed that it was the best turkey burger any of us had ever eaten; no gamy taste whatsoever, and it had stuff mixed into the meat.  It was a little bit spicy - a good thing!  It kicked up the blandness of the usual turkey burger, without the kitchen having to oversalt it to give it some taste.  The fries that came with it were crisp and delicious, and there was a little dish of sweet and spicy pickles, something I'd never tasted before, and really loved.What happened next was totally unexpected:  the manager came over, unbidden, and apologized for the mix-up.  He invited us to come back after the performance and enjoy dessert on the house.  And then the charge for the Mistake Burger was removed from the bill!  And that's in addition to the discount from the certificate we had.The performance was a whole 'nother matter.  After being searched and branded, er, banded, we went upstairs where we were ushered to comfortable seats.  No standing room for us, with our free tickets!  A DJ on the stage was playing some Trance-type music.  I normally like this stuff, but I was waiting for "Brazilian" to start.  8:30, 9:00, 9:30, nothing except that DJ and a lot of heavy bass.  Nobody downstairs seemed to be moving to it, and I, who normally can't sit still when rhythm is happening, was getting completely bored.  The girl next to me said the show was going to start at 10, even though our tickets said 8:30.  When 10 pm came and went, and nothing changed on the stage, we all decided that dessert would be much more interesting.We returned to the restaurant, where our same waitress cheerfully served us delicious Key Lime pie, coffee and tea, and no bill save for the tip we left her, and we left sated and happy.
3	We went to the Sunday Gospel Brunch and it was a lot of fun. The show is very good and the music was fantastic. The singers were top notch and put on an enjoyable show. The food was flavorful and good but not hot enough. The jambalaya and mac and cheese were the best. I do like that they had buffalo sauce for the chicken and waffles which was very tasty. Service was eh. We asked for a coke that we never received and they would bring by small water pitchers that filled 2 glasses and then come back with another 20 minutes later so water was not always refilled. I also thought $10 for a bloody mary with the price of the ticket was a little much. Tables are also very close. Take one table out and then it would have been fantastic. I know they loose money that way but it would have been a lot more comfortable. Fun event for a Sunday morning. Worth seeing once and for the price, you get a meal and a show so price is good. Just needs a little work with keeping the food hotter and a few more servers.
5	I love the atmosphere and music that was playing. I love the steak and maui tacos, don't forget to put some siracha on it. DELICIOUS!!!
5	I can't sing enough praises for Denise and the staff at the HOB Company Store! I called from Austin, TX, looking for certain paintings by "Glitter Girl" that are difficult to find. The two young women who helped me went out of their way by sending pics of the paintings that were available and answering all my questions. I was able to purchase two large paintings over the phone and have them shipped to Texas. Honestly, it was an exceptional experience, and so nice to know people care about a customer's satisfaction. Will definitely stop by the HOB next time I am in Las Vegas! Kudos again and again to Denise and her fellow HOB members!!! I am happy, Deborah Grimsley
3	This review is for the Foundation room bar. Views are to die for - best on the strip. Go on a Monday night when it's free. Expect to pay $10 a drink minimum. Two out of 10 of us threw up immediately after drinking rum & cokes. No other explanation other than we were roofied. Buyer beware
2	Have you ever had that moment when you were so excited to go somewhere and you have heard nothing but excellent things about it and then you get to experience it for yourself and you want to go back and backhand everyone that told you such amazing things about it? If so, welcome to the world of House of Blues. Santana was back at the house of Blues and I have wanted to see him forever so as a Christmas gift I received 2 VIP ticket packages somewhere around $250 a piece tickets that had been advertised to include, Early access to the music hall with advanced seating, a bottle of champagne or wine, chocolate covered strawberries, and a few other things outside of the venue that dont matter here. With doors opening at 7:30 we figured we would go to the venue around 7:15 and with the VIP badge we would walk right in. That was in fact the complete opposite. The General admission line to the left of us was simply pooring right into the music hall while we waited in a rope made coral. The hostess told us that they are short handed tonight so there will be a little wait to be seated.. I Can understand a place being short handed so guess that is no big deal right? If this was a 5 minute wait that would be no big deal but we then stood outside while all the others people walked right in for over 15 minutes, Once the lady opened up the rope she got on the radio and let them know table 26 was coming down and she let us know the usher would meet us at the bottom of the stairs and escort us to our table. At the bottom of the stairs we were greeted by a woman that said... Oh you are VIP? go ahead and wait right here and points into the middle of a group of people so we then waited there getting in and out of peoples way for the next 10 minutes. Until an usher finally came to get us to take us to the table. Once we got to our table or maybe we should call it our position in the sardine box we waited forerver for the server to come take our order. We ordered the bottle of wine which she did end up bringing to the table pretty quick but said, " I need to go drop off this other bottle and then Ill be right back to open it up for you" 25 minutes later she returned to ask how we are doing and that is when I think she realized I was not happy and discovered we had just sat there with an unopened bottle of wine.The show itself was amazing and Santana is a musical Monster but this establishment is not as Intimate as people say it is, unless you are talking about the fact that you sit so close to the guy next to you that you can smell his breath. My one recomendation would be not to pay for the crazy priced VIP packages, instead, choose to site in the balcony seating, it was comfy movie theater like seats and the view would have been amazing. I may give this place another try for a general admission rock concert or something but definitely not for a seated show like this one.
3	The service was slow and I was shocked that they didn't serve any fish. The fish of the day was shirmp and spinich. Now how can they claim to be cajun and not serve any fried fish or have any crystals hot sauce?
3	sorry I was disappointed. First of all  Kirk Franklin is not there in person. It was 6 singers on stage singing his songs. I did enjoy the singing. I think $50.00 was too pricy. The buffet was more of a catered event, not what you see in most Las Vegas buffets. The alcoholic drinks start at $6.00. We had dishes stacked on our table at least 15 min. No I will not go again.
3	My review is for the restaurant only.  Seeing all the fancy high priced restaurant in the Mandalay Bay, the House of Blues is a nice option.  Having said that, I've only been once.  The service was slow and the food was just ok.  I was hoping for more but with newer restaurants popping up in the casino or the shopping mall, I really don't find myself coming back here.
2	Went here on a Friday night with a group of 5. We were seated very quickly, however I could tell by the faces of the other guests they were not pleased with the service. Many of them looked as if they were waiting quite a while. The table next to us actually waived their bill in the air to be picked up by the waiter. Once seated I decided to head to the bar for a drink based on the looks around us I wanted to get my drink quickly. The waiter was at the table when I came back and looked flustered that I ordered from the bar rather than him. We quickly ordered our food, we ordered the following. Heat Seeker Burger- my friend said this was a pretty good burger. No complaints. Came with sweet potato fries and I tried those, pretty yummy! Chicken sandwich- my other friend has this, yet another with no complaint. Came with sweet potato fries as well. Buffalo Chicken sandwich- I had a few bites...the chicken was cold. I found this strange. Nothing to rave about just a regular salad with buffalo chicken on top. Chicken tacos- pretty flavorful, small but I think they were street tacos so not bad. Everything was just ok. Little bit of a wait to order and get drinks and the cold buffalo chicken was a bust. Definitely would go somewhere else when you're in Vegas.
4	My friends and I came here for dinner while in Vegas, and actually had a decent time. I'm generally hesitant when headed to a corporate chain restaurant, in fear of an over-priced and mediocre meal.I guess Aaron Sanchez is the chef here? Honestly, the food was pretty decent. Our meals ranged from mac n' cheese, to the chicken sandwich, ribs, and jumbalaya. All was thoroughly enjoyed and savored. They didn't have live music playing when we were there, but they did have music playing in the background. The vibe is pretty modern, upbeat, and fun. Not bad! I was pretty impressed.
1	I ate here twice while I was staying at Mandalay Bay.  In the evening I had a Juicy Lucy, I found two hairs on my plate.  The fries were soggy.  The food was bland.  Despite my bad experience I came here again the next morning and got an Eggs Florentine because we had free gift cards to eat here.  The English Muffins were stale and our waiter forgot to bring us silverware.  We also ordered two drinks that our waiter forgot to bring us even though they showed up on the bill.  If you are staying at Mandalay Bay, I recommend eating someplace else.
1	Why on EARTH would Chef Aaron Sanchez put his name on any of the food at this restaurant?! Horrible! Tasteless! Don't waste your time on dinner. Perhaps as a music venue it is OK, but the food was disgusting. I ordered an appetizer of chicken wings. Sure the crunch was spot on but it was under salted and spiced. The chicken itself tasted like worn out shoe leather. I followed this by one of Chef Sanchez's signature dishes - a half rack of ribs. One bite into it and I was sorely disappointed. The ribs must have been steamed or boiled. It too was flavorless. To cover this up, it was slathered with a sauce that tasted like ketchup with hints of cayenne. This is not at all what I expected from an Adobo sauce. It was just straight up YUCK! I had it all packaged up to take back to my hotel and was SO angry I tossed it in the garbage as I walked back to my room. Shame on you Aaron Sanchez. Either take your good name off such horse-menure food or fire your executive chef and get someone who knows how to make it the way you intended it.
1	Sat for 20 minutes before anyone came over.  Wife asked for a salad with no Bleu cheese.  Of course, covered in the stuff when it came.  We were in a group, and didn't want to delay everyone, so cancelled the order.  The waiter apologized and offered a free dessert to which we agreed.  25 minutes later, no dessert, no waiter.  He finally comes and we tell him if the dessert hasn't been submitted yet, we will pass on it as well.  He said, ok, sorry, indicating he had never put in the comp dessert.  We got a bag of chips on the way to the room.  Terrible service.
3	The food we did get was good and the manager has since contacted us personally to apologize and send us something to make up for it.  I'll recommend this place now because I'm pretty sure it was a bad one-off situation and they do care about their customer's experience.
2	Took an hour to get our food and did not even have silverware until after we got our food. It was not busy. Two stars because the manager compensated us greatly for the inconvenience. Food was good one we got it and the manager hooked us up afterwards.
4	You should know you can do bottle service and get a table for a show, but decide that before you buy your first round. One vodka cran = $13. Bottle of Skyy vodka and a table is $200+tax and they go up from there. In fact, you should PREGAME in the casino or in your room if nothing else. $13 is crazy to me, for a vodka cran. I pay half that in GA (different worlds).. and it's especially wacky since right outside the venue in Mandalay Bay you sit at a machine and start getting your drinks free.  PREGAME.Despite that, the staff is super nice. Natalie behind the bar is excellent, and the girl who handles the bottle service is also very sweet. I haven't been to any House of Blues in quite a while, and this was definitely my first time at this one. The venue is pretty awesome.  It feels like a short distance from the stage to the back of the room, and the "pit" area is lower than the surrounding bar area, so it feels like most spots give you a pretty good view. Fairly easy access to the bars even when it was as packed as it was gonna get all night, although I'm sure it's not always easy. And if you care, the curtain on stage was suuuper cute. It was a patchwork quilt that I just wanted to curl up in.There's a second floor/balcony seating, but they didn't seem to be allowing many people up there while we were there.  The stairs were blocked off at the main entrance, and we were not sure why, or who was already up there, but you could see a crowd. This particular show - The Neighbourhood and Kitten - was All Ages.. which was weird to me. So there were a ton of teens, including the ones standing in front of us whom at first I was hoping would leave to go to the bar (before I realized they were probably underage). There are plusses, though, to sharing a concert with so many under-21s: Less people at the bar, and I can see over the whole crowd!
1	Just left The Dan Band show at house of blues.  Unfortunately we didn't get to see the show, we went at ticket time and gave up after 1 and 1/2;hours.  Overcrowded with big vip all u can drink section empty.  They are getting $24 for 2 cans of PBR.  Can you say gouging?
5	Had breakfast here on a Tuesday morning. Yummy, quick, great service, reasonable price.  Definitely will go back.  Ham & cheese omelet was great.
5	We went to House of Blues for the Gospel Brunch, which happens on Sunday mornings and we were really happy to find so close to our hotel. After getting our tickets, we went to our table, which was at the end of a long table that was filled with gentle older ladies. When we set our bags at the table, the nice ladies said to us sternly, "This is our table. We came with a group." After showing them our tickets and that the seat numbers indicated that we sat there, the dear old women declared, "No, our friends are going to sit there." I asked to see their tickets, saw that they were not our seats, and explained to the pleasant old folks that their seats were different from ours, and they scowled at us and snapped, "There's more people in our group and they're our friends and they're sitting there. We have the whole table." By this time, a group of people heading to the buffet were gathering around to witness and smirk at the elderly ladies' bitter senility, but my girlfriend and I were getting kind of sick of it. That was when a server, Kristy (sp? she had red and blonde hair), came and tried to help us. Seeing that these rusty old dinosaurs refused to listen to reason, she offered us other seats, actually VIP seats, and gave us free cocktails ($10 each). Kristy the server took what was going to be a big disappointment from the decrepit, walking bags of bones at our table to a really enjoyable show with our own private seats at a much better location. Thanks Kristy for saving us from the crypt!
1	Please don't come to this place!We did not get to try our meal and we walked out of it!Rude hostesses, very bad attitude. Said we had to wait for a table when the place was empty. Then one of them walked us to our table which was a very small two-top. We asked to ne moved to one of many empty (and some of them dirty) four-tops next to ours and she rudely declined saying that there was a waiting list for those tables when clearly there was none!! Really??Bottom line terrible hostesses!!!
3	I went to this location about a month ago on a first date. The girl that I was with wanted to go somewhere with live music, so while we were at Mandalay Bay, I quickly yelped this location. The music was pretty good, the singer was singing mostly country songs. I am not a fan of country music, every song sounds the same and its always about failed relationships. Anyways, my date loved the music there, and I loved many interesting things about country music from her. So, it was educational, but I still hate country music. I ordered their pasta with bolognese sauce, and she got their thai shrimp salad. The food was below par for the quality and prices. The pasta was tasteless and had a bitter flavor in the meat sauce and the salad barely had any dressing in it and the shrimp was bit chewy. We were not happy with the food, but the atmosphere and music seemed to be the main attraction. Also, the prices are pretty reasonable, so if you are at their bar for drinks and live music than this place is pretty good.
3	Took my mother to Gospel Brunch today. We had chicken & waffles, omelets, biscuits & gravy, salad, bacon, macaroni & cheese, ribs and bread pudding for dessert.Everything was lukewarm or ice cold, including a brand new tray of chicken for the chicken & waffles. He just put it down and I went straight to my table after grabbing some and it was cold! Biscuits & gravy, Mac n cheese, bacon & ribs were lukewarm as well. Salad was seasoned well but not fresh.The bread pudding was warm but the sauce for it was pretty much empty. The omelet station was the winner (it was hot). You grab the ingredients and place them in a little cup & give it to the omelet guys. They were an awesome team (cleaning the station while the other adds the eggs to the pan) and had my omelet made in no time.The gospel itself was fantastic! Their voices were beautiful & the lead (Patti) was very energetic and wonderful at keeping the crowds attention.I give a 1 star for the overall quality of food, it was far too cold. I feel like the health department should stop by, my mother and I  did not feel safe eating the food and were worried we might get sick later (neither of us did). That's just not a feeling one should have after eating. The banquet department at the hotel might be able to give you some tips on how to keep food warm and refreshing the salad as it runs low instead of making a big plate of it and letting it sit & get soggy would help. Things running out (like the bread pudding sauce) is not acceptable. These are all things that should be taken care of, not something for people to put in reviews.The coffee was lukewarm, we even noticed other tables sending coffee back. Making the coffee at time of show instead of 30 minutes or 1 hour prior to show time would fix this.I give five stars for the gospel. Wonderful, uplifting and fun.Stay away from Table Fourteen, there's a fan right above it, which turns already lukewarm food to ice cold in minutes. The tables could be spaced a little more apart. From table 14 & the table to its right it was too close, I had an inner seat and when I went to get more food I disturbed the guest next to me to get out (she had to stop eating and get up so I could pass).I have no complaints about the bussers, there was always someone clearing the tables and no plates were stacked on our table at any one time.I would not return until the reviews are better and quality of food is fixed.
5	Came here for a Bastille concert, the venue is what you expect to hold 500 or so ppl. There's a seats upstairs and tables through the place. Place is clean and they had a nice bar to buy some drinks. The concert was great but that's a different story. Overall, a nice concert venue. It can get a little crowded but that's expected.
2	Went here last night  after  along drive from California and a few hours on the casino floor. The server and service was fabulous and fast. Our young girl server was super nice and kept up with everything. The atmosphere was also well designed and comfortable, not loud and quite pleasant. My GF and I shared the Grilled Sword Fish, The fish was cooked improperly. It was so Salt water fishy tasting and rubbery we couldn't  finish. The appetizers saved the night and were outstanding. "Or server recommended Shrimp over Corn Bread with a reduced sauce, this was to die for and would recommend. Then we ordered the Buffalo wings, these also were nothing to rave about. The sauce was not to tasty, I've had better wings from Costco out of a bag and cooked in an oven. My son had the Fish Taco's, he ate them so I'm assuming they were ok, he's not much for opinions. His GF had a Bacon wrapped meatloaf. She had all of us try her selection as she was cracking up on the taste. We all came to the same conclusion that the Meatloaf tasted like a "Slim Jim" Jerky. I'm guessing we are not going back soon and will try another restaurant for dinner.
5	We had a great night eating at this restaurant prior to seeing mastodon. The server was a very nice gal. Even though my order came out wrong he immediately fixed it. The food was delicious!!! We had the jambalaya, house of blues salad & veggie flat bread. Again, service was great & food was excellent! The only thing I was displeased with was that I feel that they should offer more vegetarian options. They have maybe 2 & 1 of them is a salad. Other than that the atmosphere is nice & food quality was as expected for the price.
1	My family and I came twice during the week we were staying at the Mandalay bay hotel. The first time we sat over 10 minutes without anyone coming over, then my mom had to go up to the bar to get someone over. Finally 5 minutes later someone cameOver and took our order then we never saw him again. Two nights later we decided to try it again because the food was good and we waited at our table for a server for over 5 minutes and our table was 1 out of 5 in the whole restaurant. We had terrible service and was charged for a meal we didn't even order/get, then we were told there was nothing they could do about it after charging our card (by another server because ours was too busy). Finally a manager fixed it and dropped off bill. We never saw our server after our food was dropped off. I've been a server for 6 years and am very understanding but this was awful, a manager wasn't even sent over to apologize or anything. Long story, short.. Great food, terrible service.
5	Flew in for Mastodon and Gojira and I've gotta say this place is a BEAUTVaulted ceilings , one spectacular chandelier  centered above the main floorLove this place Only gripe I had and actually was NOT expecting was the 14 dollar tallboys A 2 dollar can of Pabst ..14 bucks C'mon now As stated previously , in many reviews I'm sure , pregame before you show Tho I have to say , thee bartender did make an outrageously good AMF , probably the best I've ever had Quality over quantity ..this rule does not apply to Pabst lol Oh, by the way The show was KILLERSoundguy was perfect
5	The best experience!! Great food, thx u Chef Aaron Sanchez for a new menu!! Great service Suzie Q!!! Excellent personality! She'd be a great manager! We will try House of Blues in Anaheim next!! Super excited!!
5	It was my first time enjoying a show at the House of Blues.  It's located in Mandalay Bay Casino and very easy to find.  Attached to the venue is a restaurant which has live music acts as well! To get to the main level, you take stairs down to where the bar, seating and general admission floor is.   There is also a second level with seating that looked comfy!  It's a smaller venue but I think that's what I love most about it.  There really isn't a bad seat in the house.  The sound acoustics were great to really get a feel for the show.  Fabulous!I can't wait to come back for another show in this fantastic venue! Enjoy!
4	I've been here a few times now, all of them for metal concerts (Dimmu Borgir and Mastadon) and I can say full heartedly that I'm a fan of this place. The venue is easy to find from Mandalay Bay's parking garage. Just go into the casino, proceed past the Light Nightclub and enter the casino floor. Turn your head left and TA-DA! Huge lights saying "House of Blues." So let's get to the main part of the review.Venue: The venue is actually quite small in terms of stages. It has an upper floor with seating for other shows besides for concerts, but I'm rating it strictly as a concert venue. The floor is surrounded by a bar area, so drinks are easily accessible at any time. As far as concerts go, I prefer smaller venues to bigger ones because they seem more intimate. Being able to feel "close" to the band as they perform no matter where you are is pretty neat. That means you won't miss a beat! (Haha, music joke) They put up guards at the front of the stage during concerts, as do most places and they actually make a really good place to lean on between sets if you are lucky enough to be in the front and don't plan on moving anytime soon. It is also nicely decorated. I love the chandelier that they have, in the middle of the place, the tinted glass windows and the whole vibe the place gives off. It makes a great rock band venue. Service: The people that work here, from the times I've been there are nice and personable. I mean, come on, it's hard not to be when you get to see free shows, right? Right. In any case, booze is always easily accessible. The cool part is that during concerts, if you are one of those lucky people against the guard rail right in front of the stage, a waitress comes around between the guard rail and stage to take drink orders so you don't have to move. BONUS! I didn't get anything to drink though, because drink prices in venues scare me. To rich for my blood. The actual people in charge of watching the event let you have a little fun, but do the appropriate thing when bad stuff goes down. They also help crowd surfers. This is a great place to go see a concert, especially if you are a rock fan. The mood, atmosphere and small venue make it easy to mosh, drink, and/or enjoy yourself. If you know somebody coming to Vegas and feel like going to the show, hopefully you get lucky and get the House of Blues. :)
5	The Gospel Brunch was excellent. Despite mixed reviews on other sites, we found the food to be excellent, the talent amazing and the energy uplifting.Not sure how it goes down in other city's house of blues gospel brunches but the 15+ Vegas performers were spot on. We'll worth attending.
1	House of Blues Gospel Brunch @Mandalay Bay: thank you for ruining both my appetite and my Mothers Day.  My husband purchased tickets for us to attend the first seating of the Gospel Brunch on May 11. We arrived on time at 9:00 only to stand in line for 20 minutes just to get in the door. We were not seated until 9:30, at which point the venue was clearly overcrowded and overbooked with lines of people, tables that were too close together and wait staff that were nowhere to be found.I decided to sit down to try and wait for the food lines to die down with no avail.  I was one of the last people in line in the traditional food area. Imagine my disgust as  I and a number of people in line discovered that the plates stacked on the table to self serve ourselves buffet-style were actually a stack of used filthy disgusting dishes with old food on them. Every other plate had stuck on food, wet slime and garbage on it. Not sure how such a gross error can be made with a huge catering event...I have been on many cruise ships with 20 times the amount of people served and have never experienced anything like this in a dining establishment in my life. I proceeded to take some pictures of the filthy dishes and went to find a manager.  As they looked for the person in charge a couple of bartenders were actually laughing when I told them what happened. I'm not sure what part of a potential outbreak of foodbourne illness is funny. I'm sure the Nevada Department of Health will agree  with me when I call them first thing Monday morning.One of the busboys was very kind and actually came up stairs to the ticket office and appeared to be genuinely sorry about the whole thing. The on site manager was nice enough but didn't seem too concerned that many other people eating from that buffet line were eating off of dirty plates. What was supposed to be a lovely Mothers Day turned into a nauseating experience. Our money is slated to be refunded  to our credit card but honestly I was so sick to my stomach that I couldn't eat till much later in the day and didn't care about the money at that point.Please people, be aware of where you eat. Scroll down to another Yelper who posted a similar review of the exact same brunch only 3 weeks ago.
5	Shout out for our waitress Susie Q!! She took care of us for dinner, drinks and Karaoke.....moving us to the front table! Definitely at the top of our list for our next visit and we will want Susie to take care of us!
1	One to two stars, got the Jambalaya:Marinated chicken, white rice, andouille sausage, sweet peppers and roasted green onions in a spicy traditional jambalaya sauceWasn't:SpicyEvenly HeatedHad:Delicious sauceA lot of Rice*Even BJs has a better Jambalaya with more stuff.Waiter was nice, split all the checks for us, she asked. (A party of 12)
5	We went to the kareoke night on Fridays at 10. It was so fun.  We danced the night away.  Our server, Susie Q, was amazing.  She went above and beyond for my friends and me.
5	Wow-one of the best breakfast opportunities in Vegas. Great heart healthy options too. Terrific service by Katie. We be back this week!
1	Went there for a quick bite and had the buffalo chicken wings and pulled pork sliders.The chicken wigs tasted old, dry and chewy. The sliders were dry and didn't taste great.The waiter was nice but the food is terribly bad, even the coleslaw was awful!Will not get back!
5	Awesome food. Awesome service. Susie Q was the best!  I had the rosemary chicken and potatoes.  Top notch
5	Second time here, breakfast and dinner.  Super great food. The servers were awesome.  Our server Suzie Q was our server for dinner and she was on top of everything. Love her recommendation for dinner. (Voodoo Shrimp and the mahi tacos) Will definitely return soon.
2	Went to see Lindsey Stirling. The ticket wasn't clear enough that the seat was on the 3rd floor and it's almost impossible to have a direct sight toward the stage, instead you give up and watch the screen. Luckily we were able to secure the front row but still, there was a big pillar in between.The concert was fun, but the venue - not so much.
5	Best breakfast of our trip, thanks to the honest input of our server. After we ate, she took us on a tour of the performance area and VIP spots.
2	I paid for TPain tickets and I had to endure and hour and 30 minutes of whack a** bands... I definitely would not have purchased the tickets if I woulda known that the opening acts would be almost the whole show. Will not do this again.
3	I came in for breakfast on a Friday morning. The super fuel omelet was good. The hash browns I could not eat, they tasted like cheap margarine. They serve Peets tea. They don't include any cream or honey with their tea. The service was ok at best. The waitress forgot to get my toast and do I reminded her, they brought the toast but no jam with it and  charged me for the side of toast. One of the servers had so much facial hair with a big moustache and long full chunk of a beard that I was worried his hair will fly into my food. The atmosphere is lively with a theatrical tv playing the world cup and some people were cheering. The layout and theme of this place is very unique and charming.
4	I stopped in here for breakfast while staying at The Mandalay Bay. Breakfast was fast and great ! The mini waffles were warm inside and crunchy on the outside (addictive). I had eggs, toast and homefries, guest had the steak and eggs. Everything was cooked perfect . I would definitely recommend.
3	We went here to see the Dan Band. As Vegas locals, we scored free tickets so that was awesome.  The place was really hot at first, almost as if the air condition wasn't on. Eventually it got a little cooler. We were in the standing room section so it was a little uncomfortable & crowded, but I guess that's expected. We ordered our drinks directly from the bar. They were well made drinks but very expensive!
1	OMG, avoid this place unless you like being frisked and wanded like at the airport. This is a concert venue not the friggen UN. I wont be back not for the frisk down not for the free tickets, and not! for the $16 dollar beers. Oh lest we forget the obnoxious blue laser lights that hit you in the eyes in this standing room only venue where the headlining cover band has an opening act  which in this case for the Fan Halen band was terrible. So I stood for one hour trying to find a non blinding corner or spot to hang out waiting for very late musicians to take the stage. I cant blame the bands, its probably the club trying to get people to buy super inflated drinks and yes suck more cash out of people before the show ends. Sorry I don't subscribe to the goping broke blind and deaf business model while you greedy club owners get to drive home in Ferraris Maserati's and Bentleys at my or other peoples expense. I call it like I see it.
4	The Mac and cheese is GREAT. If you like M & C at all... just trust me and try it.
2	Overpriced applebees! very slow service took over 45 minutes to receive appetizer. They were out of plates to serve our meal which was burnt chicken over penne pasta for $17
4	Nice place to see a concert. There are different areas for the general admission tickets to watch. The main floor, left or right side of the stage and in the rear of the venue. Three large bars wiTh specials on beers and well drinks is always a plus. Sound quality is excellent and the staff here is very friendly.
4	Went to see Strange Days, the tribute band for The Doors that have Robby Krieger as the lead guitar. !! Band was awesome. We sat in the balcony and had a great seat. The drinks are very expensive so take that into account before you get there as you can't bring any drinks in from the casino. I did smell mother nature half way thru the show which was appropriate for the mood that night. Had a great time !!
4	Street Tacos. Not exactly from a taco bus, it had cheese on it which I should of had omitted just to keep with authenticity but sometimes I just want to try food they way it's on the menu. I ate all 3 of them and had a bite of the blue cheese burger if there is one. Otherwise I guess I forgot what that was. Thumbs up from this little eatin' machine.
5	Really great service. I had the classic bleu salad and it was delicious. Very simple and some what on the small side but that's what I wanted. I'll also note that I didn't finish it so if you're looking for something small but filling in Vegas get it. The bacon was very tasty. I was worried I wouldn't enjoy it coming from Canada ( high standards on bacon LOL I KID ) My friend really loved her buffalo chicken salad but the portion size was a little on the large side for her. The waiter made sure to fill my water up every time it was almost gone leaving me now thirsty. I give this place five stars!
4	Great place to grab a beer and get out of the hustle and bustle of Vegas.  I think I am over the casinos and welcomed something a bit different.
5	Gospel brunch is a lot of fun, food pretty good and the choir is WAY more entertaining than Britney Spears!!!!!!
3	Since we were staying at Mandalay Bay, HoB was a convienient place to have breakfast. The options for breakfast were good, and go with the atmosphere of the restaurant and music venue. As a group we ordered blueberry pancakes, omelettes and hash browns. Overall, everything was OK, but lacked any real flavor. The chorizo was more like ground hamburger, and lacked any kind of spice. The blueberry pancake was good, but the maple butter it came with didn't taste like maple at all. I know its cheesy, but I really did expect a menu from Aaron Sanchez to be more flavorful. The service and atmosphere were great, and made up for just so-so food. I also liked the gift shop at the entrance. The cashier was really friendly and helpful, and let us know what kind of live music was scheduled for the next few days.
4	Went got the Gospel Brunch - worth checking out. All you can eat brunch with emphasis on Southern specialties, i.e. Chicken & Waffles! The food is worth the cost of admission alone. Music & entertainment were good. Only low point as the mimosas, seemed weak & warm. Still worth checking out!
5	Gospel Brunch was a great time with good food and great service. Choir was amazing. Whole family enjoyed it.
4	Santana was awesome. It's a small venue which makes it feel personal. It was poppin'. The next day we went to the gospel brunch. The food was terrific. The music was soulful & uplifting. My kinda place. It was the most fun I've had in Vegas. I'm looking forward to enjoying more music at this venue this time around in Vegas.
5	For great food and some of the biggest names in Rock this is the place. Watch for performances with Rock N Roll Fantasy Camp. Some of the biggest names in Rock will be only feet away!
4	A M B I A N C E  & A R T: Primitive, eclectic, folk art adorns the walls and entry way. Bluesy standards play in the background, tubes of alcohol are nursed. Crystal and rock collages, vintage soda bottle caps are stuck in ceremonial-looking rocks. The blue chandeliers caught my eye. Always remember to look up! We miss so much when we don't look. S I T  &  E A T  M E: House of Blues is visually and aurally appealing, with quick, attentive service, though, it's possible my server was drunk. House of Blues has a diverse menu of southwest meets Louisiana Africana with dashes of Mexico, and Baja favorites. The seating is comfortable and can easily accommodate a party of one or ten. The comfort food of mac & cheese, potatoes, veggies, and beans are quite on-pointe. Try the Key Lime Pie ($7.99). The drinks are endless. Happy Hour starts at 2p.m. Breakfast is offered until 1p.m. Because ... Vegas. S H OP 'TIL YOU DROP: Visit the company store for bohemian and rock themed gifts and trinkets. They also sell Nag Champa and Incense Matches here, which I found interesting.  P R O - T I P: Save your receipt! It gives you a discount at the bottom for a buy-one-get-one free breakfast plate and a discount in the company store, next door. Look for the list of live acts, they have karaoke and concerts going on regularly.
3	It was nicely air conditioned.  The only downfall is lack of seating.  Most of the venues are standing only.  Not too great when you are standing for hours.  I probably would have stayed through the whole concert if I wasn't already standing during the opening act.
3	As stated by other reviewers this place was just okay. The food was bar food, nothing to brag about. We weren't there for a show just grabbing some food and drinks. The real win here was the service. This is the best service we have received while in Vegas. The waiter was attentive, polite, funny. He really made the experience.
3	It's the H.O.B. and it's Vegas. Pretty meh for food, but that's what you get for going to a chain. Was staying in Mandalay so it was an easy open option during a conference that was full of people. Not sure I'd make a special trip to come back, but it was a decent dinner.
3	We went to see Boogie nights as a guest of as close friend. Doors open at 8 but band did not start till 930. No seating available unless you want to pay 200 for a table with a 1 bottle minimum. Boogie nights is not exactly a chart topping band here. So my complaints with my not so young back. I enjoyed about 30 minutes of the show because my back hurt so bad I had to go to casino to sit down. While I was waiting for band to start I paid 13 dollars for a lukewarm 40oz Bud Light. Will not go here again. Maybe I am too old. However the lack of seating and drink prices were the only complaint I heard this night.
4	First of all, if there were halves, I'd give this place 4 1/2 stars. Staff was friendly (maybe it was because I was by myself and they felt sorry for me). I started off with a Coors light and a half (haha) when they brought out my steak salad. Steak pieces were perfect. I ordered it medium well, but they had it medium. Delicious. Salad was great! Except the avocados that came on it. It tasted like it was a day old avocado. A little too ripe with some browning (but then again, it was very dim in there- so who knows). Staff was nice and salad was good. Try it out.
5	Wonderful food. Great service. The best time!
4	Great Ribs & Jambalaya! Nice atmosphere with great entertainment. Excellent friendlyservice located right outside the casino at Madalay Bay so you can gamble once you finish eating & drinking. Overall the place is really cool the food is awesome & the drinks are great no skimping on liquor at all!!!
1	Went in for a drink before a show. I asked the bartender for an old-fashioned. I got some sort of red colored, sugary drink. I asked him why it was red, and he told me that it was supposed to look like that and it was probably just the lights. It tasted terrible and he didn't offer to remake it. I order old-fashions frequently and I have never got anything so weird, I thought it was a standard drink that bartenders knew.
5	I worked with Gina to make a group reservation for 19 for my birthday dinner. We started planning a little over 1 1/2 months prior to our trip. This may be why we were able to get the most fabulous private room. It felt like we were dining in a castle with a long dinner table that accommodated all of us. When we walked into this room....we knew it was going to be an awesome experience. Our servers Jackie and John were phenomenal. They interacted wonderfully with our group and we didn't want for anything. I arranged to have appetizers started when we arrived and people raved about them...especially the Voodoo Shrimp (also had basal pesto flatbread, spinach dip and cornbread). Particularly popular dinner items were jambalaya, bacon wrapped meatloaf, shrimp and grits and salads.Thank you, Gina, Jackie, John and Chefs for making our time together as a family absolutely perfect!!
2	Gospel brunch - 2 for 1 tickets and still not a good value for the money.   Chior was as expected but food and service were terrible.  No spoons in place setting.  Coffee pitchers on tables went cold quick.  Seating too crammed in hard to get thru the fat people.   Seat number written on table not waterproof bled ink onto wife's sleeve.  Wooden folding chairs uncomfortable. Asked for tea and was brought one cup of hot water and no refill.  Shrimp should be peeled for 55$.  Understaffed for table servers. Mainly just mediocre quality and selection for buffet food.  Dessert bar was  cheap danish and cookies.  Pre entertainment time was too loud to talk.  Too dark to see selections at buffet.  Especially bad at omelet bar.
2	I stayed at the Mandalay Bay for a conference and we had a private event here one evening.The food was pretty good.  Sliders were tasty (pulled pork and meatball were the best...angus was just "meh"), the shrimp and grits were delicious, as was the jambalaya. Bartenders were great, drinks were good and the music selection had everyone dancing.  The place has a cool look and vibe.So why only two stars?  This HOB suffers from the same issue as the one in Chicago.  The music is deafening!  I was standing beside someone trying to have a conversation (after all, this was a social event in connection with a conference) and as we were shouting at each other to be heard, they actually turned the music up!  We just looked at each other and laughed because even though we were three inches from each other, there's no way we could continue the conversation.Thankfully, one of the big cheeses from the conference was able to get them to turn it down a notch about 10 minutes later but by the time I left, my ears were ringing and my voice was hoarse from shouting.  If there's a live band, I guess that's one thing but just cranking it up so loud that everyone has to stand there with no interaction because it's physically too loud to converse, that's not terribly fun in my book.  I guess this must be a corporate decision since the loud music seems to be consistent but I don't think I'd choose to go to another HOB in the future because I actually like to interact with the people I go out with.  Except maybe in Houston, because that location was okay.Side note: If you search for the word "loud" in the reviews, you get 26 hits.  Most of them complain about it being too loud.
2	Incredibly disappointed with my experience here. The delicious food at this establishment was hampered by the HORRIBLE customer service. It took an hour and a half for them to bring out our food(party of 8) and they never came to check on us the entire time or full our drinks. Then when we asked for refills the waiter rolled his eyes. When the food finally did come my parents rigatoni was crazy hot! My dad loves spicy food but even he had a hard time with it, despite it saying nothing about it on the menu. My mom couldn't eat it. My burger(Juicy Lucy) was very very good but overall not worth the experience.
5	Great ambience and decor. The layout is perfect. I even got hooked into buying some of their merchandise. I love the designs on their t-shirts. I wore one of their shirts for years until my wife threw it away. The food is great here. Your typical high end appetizers and drinks. Their live music acts rock! The acoustics are great. Not once do you ever hear muffled versions of your favorite songs. I am a fan of this franchise.
5	My wife and I always make it a point to come to House of Blues when we are in Vegas. We usually order the lobster mac and cheese and sweet potato fries. The atmosphere is fun and the live music is awesome (although it can get a bit loud) every time that we have gone we had received excellent service. Definitely one of our favorites.
5	Great food, great prices on food and drink. We had a group of 9 and were taken care of by an awesome waiter. There is Rock Star karaoke with a live band. People signed up immediately and we spent the evening listening to some real talent. Very enjoyable night.
5	Great wait staff! Food was delicious and was served promptly. We had the fried chickenAnd loved it. Full stage set in the restaurant creates fun live music. Started at the bar for drinks and a big "mahalo" for the Hawaii bar staff! Nice to have Hawaii friends in different places. Will be back. Take the family!
4	Second concert I've seen here.  Both times I had a great time.  Quickly friendly bartenders tend to you quickly.  All seats are really good to see the stage.  I had VIP tickets which allowed me on the top floor with a private bartender so I had an even better time than most I imagine. :)I'd see another show here for sure!
1	I am never coming to a concert here ever again! I thought I was going through TSA at the airport upon entrance, except worse! First off, security would not let in my boyfriend because they said he was too intoxicated, he was far from and did not believe any of our testimonies when we said he wasn't. The security officers were incredibly rude to all of us after this incident, completely uncalled for. The rest of our party decide to go into the concert and this was when the fun began. If I didn't know any better I thought I was in a police state like 1984. A security officer was to check everyone before entering, and I mean THOROUGHLY. We could not bring in our cigarettes, gum or chapstick! I mean seriously, chapstick? I was forced to throw all of those items away. She searched every hole and crevasse of my purse and jacket like I was about to go kamikaze on the HOB. Finally, in the venue drinks were outrageously priced, bartenders were rude just the cherry on top to make the night a little worse than it was. Never again...
4	I loved this spot!  The acoustics are amazing!!!!!  If I come back to Vegas I will have to try to catch a show there again!!  If your at the house of Blues be prepared for a weak drink.  They use jiggers and the cups they had were to big for only 1 oz of booze.  Lesson learned, my second drink was a double and it was perfect.  I'm a bartender so when I  saw the jigger I already knew it wasn't going to be good.  Either get smaller cups or make all your drinks a double.
3	Fun place and the service was good.   Food not bad.  I would go back.
5	All too often, we talk about Las Vegas eateries as having great food but terrible service.  Katie, at The House of Blues, gave Vegas dining a breath of fresh air.  She was the perfect level of attentive and courteous without being overbearing or obnoxious.The experience today will make us return patrons again.Thank you!
5	I like thid place.  I have seen it several times and never stopped in. I was excited when I was invited to a Halloween party here. I had a great time. The line at the bar moved farely quickly.  The staff was professional and friendly.  I should have come here sooner. The dj (Bow Wow Wow) was friendly and approachable.  On theother side was a cover band playing ,so it was fun to float between dance floors. I definitely want to go back again. Great venue.
2	Lisa D.. not sure why you would say that the company has disgruntled ex-employees. If it were my company I wouldn't want the world knowing how employees aren't getting along. Before you log onto yelp for one time & write your ONE review, just realize you are doing the same thing... so in other words I could say it's quite sad how yelp is now a place for business workers to go on here & write a five star review just to say how another person's REAL review was not correct.I've have had food here more than enough BUT it's not consistent. However, when it's good, it's good. So for that two starts will suffice.
5	My son dragged me into the House of Blues for lunch inside the Mandalay Bay. In the beginning, I was leary. But from the start, our waitress was right on spot. Very attentive and friendly. I ordered the 1/2 slab of ribs with vegetables and sweet potato fries and added the House of Blues salad on the side for just $4.00 more. When the salad arrived at the table, it was enormous. Could have easily been a meal itself. I shared some with the family, and they loved it so much, they all ordered one for themselves as well. The sweet potato fries were the best I've tasted. Mixed vegetables were green beans, snap peas, and asparagus sauteed. The ribs were St Louis style and just right. Happily surprised and will now make sure I visit the Vegas House of Blues for lunch on my next trip.
4	Great place to see ashow. I saw Santana here and both the concert and venue were amazing. I was in the standing room only section and it made me feel like i was part of the band. Amazing experience.
1	The food is ok and they charged us an entry fee did eating there. We sat by the bar and they charged that I felt that was too much. We didn't receive great service yet were charged extra.
2	Great ambiance, cold beer, good entertainment, but the food was horrible. We ordered a bacon wrapped meatloaf, the meatloaf was the consistency of the pigskin on a football. It just tasted wrong in your mouth. And we had a shrimp and grits. The grits was like a fried cake of cornbread, but without any flavor. Again, the consistency was horrible, & I am from Louisiana. Very very disappointed with the food but to sit and have a beer, its great ambiance!
4	Caught a lot of concerts here while Steel Panther was doing their Saturday-Midnight residency, and enjoyed them. We'd usually get there early and camp out on the rocks next to the gift shop entrance so as to have place to sit and wait instead of standing in the line (which would sometimes go all the way to the tattoo shop), because we'd have to stand once we got inside, as well.The concert venue is nice, though the beer is expensive... though beer is always expensive in Vegas, and at concert venues, so I suppose that comes with the territory. The bands we saw play always sounded great, and the security personnel were professional and friendly. They weren't there to hassle you, just there to make sure everyone started out and remained okay during their time there.I wore a kilt to several of the concerts and did get a few odd looks from the people running the metal-detector lines, but I'm used to it so that's not a big detractor.Overall, I'd gladly see more concerts here, though Santana has a capacity to run long from time to time so if he's nearing the end of a stint or going on tour in the near future (and thus abdicating his spot for a few weeks), be ready to wait longer in line as they get everyone out and the place cleaned up for the next act. Or, if you're there to see Santana, be prepared to order an extra drink when he runs long. It's all good.
5	Here with a party of 20.  Christmas party with good friends.  Our server did a great job! Sadly I didn't ask his name. Young man in his thirties.
4	Good atmosphere, great food and excellent service by our very friendly and accommodating server: Bretani. Thanks so much!
4	Came here for a quick breakfast before heading to the airport. Never thought house of blues served food, but this location does. To eat, I had the bacon avocado benedict, which was good. I also had their cajun bloody mary that came with a little shrimp. That was really good too. Overall, decent place for brunch.
4	Came here for food and drink. the drinks were potent (especially the sangria) and tasty. I had a shrimp spinach salad and it was VERY good. My sis had the quesadilla and wedge salad, and gave her thumbs up. I'd come back.
3	The restaurant is awesome and The food is very good!!!Love eating at house of blues. But concerts are not handled very good! Mostly the security is all Over the place with rules the lines are a mess after standing a long line for how ever long. (Don't bring back packs u can bring in a really big purse) after u are check u go into another cluster and lose your spot in line and not told what or where to go. if u don't mind that then the rest of the night u can handle. If u are handicapped u are in troubled for Concerts no real room For u and if u do find something u are no where close to anything with no real views also if it's up in the seating area bring a coat b/c it really cold up there b/c you are by the a/c blowers. Other then that the music Sounds great!bartenders are great! Cocktail waitress are wonderful!!! the coast of Drink are out of this world $12 for a 6oz. Cup! With half of a shot of liquor in it Please!!! And vip seating cost isDumb!!! For the size of the stage and venue. I'll Think again before seeing a show here again!
3	Great concert venue. Was there to see otherwise last night and the sound and lighting and special effects are wonderful. The drinks are just so fucking expensive! UGH and the women's restroom is always a line! Annoying. Also the bathroom people freak me out.
4	Finally made it here after several friends gave it high recommendations w/ the only caveat being long waits. Both their recommendations and the caveat were a little overdone. We only had to wait for half an hour for a table at prime-time on a Saturday night. On the other hand, the food was good but not awesome as had been described, furthermore I found the portions fairly small for this type of restaurant. The service was good and friendly and the old school pub was a nice ambience for this neighborhood. In summation, probably better for drinking than eating.
5	In the land of feed trough restaurants of mass produced mounds of food dieing in a steam table. This place stands out, here you can set down order your food the way you want it. Adds or subtracts.  Great drinks large portions friendly staff.My Favorite place in Vagas for Breakfast.
2	It was meh. Over priced and very small portions. Said live music and we went on s Friday night and it was very quiet. The food was ok in flavor nothing spectacular. I think this is one of the tourist trap places.
4	I am not usually a chain restaurant fan but we wanted a simple dinner and a good place to watch the Steelers game.  This place fit the bill perfectly.Our server showed up right away to take drink orders and was great about making suggestions.  Being a person that eats small plates, I was pleasantly surprised at the amount of choices I had to select from. I went with the pulled pork sliders and they were cooked perfectly! The interior was pretty cool with a bayou tree filled with lanterns took up most of the first floor.  A HUGE screen television set up at the stage was the perfect place to watch the game (which my guys lost).I will definitely be going back when we are in Vegas,
4	Probably one of  my favorite and most frequented venues in vegas. I've seen some great bands and had some awesome times here. Tickets are about average , usually depends on what band you are seeing. The GA level is pretty large with lots of room for fellow concert goers. The bar staff is a friendly bunch. The Sound system is amazing here, always makes for a great show. The lighting is always on point and makes a great display. Security is pretty cool , however they get distracted when the pit goes off and some folks lose their cool. All in all though it's a great venue to see your favorite artist.
