5	Now Open! LobsterMe! WOW, good stuff.
4	Lobster ice cream?  WTF?!I sampled the lobster ice cream and it was definitely interesting.  Tasted like butter cream with bits of lobster.  Not bad, but the texture is unexpected.  We ended up ordering a lobster grilled cheese sandwich and a lobster roll (photos are included).  The lobster roll was small but was very good.  The grilled cheese sandwich was also good but was a little bland.  They had tapatio sauce to help spice it up.Over all for a lobster roll, and lobster grilled cheese, and 1 drink, the total was a little over $30.  It was a good place to munch while you are shopping.  Other items on the menu included lobster mac n cheese and lobster soup in a bread bowl.  What I did not like about this place was the wait literally took forever.  I also did not like that it did not provide enough places to sit down.  This was a good place to grab something good and go.
2	This place is overhyped. The lobster Mac and cheese is powdery and flavorless, the lobster roll needs salt and pepper and tastes strongly like rosemary, the lobster bisque is also not creamy enough and lacks that oomph that lobster bisque have. Not worth $10 for bisque and Mac & cheese, each. Also not worth $16 for the roll. The Lobsta Truck in LA is SO much better.... I am extemely disappointed...there weren't really sufficient seats in the area at Planet Hollywood. I gotta say, though, the service was really good and the staff was extra friendly. Two and a half stars. Didn't really do it for me.
5	Details. The perfect accessory for that little black dress. Remembering a friend's birthday -- by surprising them with a slice of their favorite cake.  Writing a personal thank you note.   Grilling both sides of the bread in a lobster grilled cheese sandwich.  The reason that Lobster ME is making waves on the strip isn't just because they are bringing affordable lobster rolls to Las Vegas. And it isn't because they are serving lobster ice cream. The reason they are putting the miracle into the Miracle Mile Shops is because of the details. Lobster flown in from Maine, personal service that goes beyond what is expected for a fast-casual restaurant, accessible high-quality products.  And a lobster grilled cheese constructed with bread that has been grilled on both sides to ensure that the gooey brie, cream cheese and gruyere filling is perfectly counterbalanced by the butter-crisped bread. Go for the lobster roll, stay for the details -- and the best lobster grilled cheese on the planet.  Or at the very least, the Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino.
5	All I have to say is... Amazing! My family and I ordered a little bit of everything to sample and share. Lobster Mac and Cheese, Lobster Roll, Lobster and Chips, Lobsicle and yes, even Lobster Ice Cream. Everything was delicious and so different. The atmosphere was simple and cute and the service was great. I would def recommend Lobster ME to anyone!
4	My girlfriend and I both had the so called "best lobster roll ever". I must admit it was pretty good & better than I thought it would be (I was expecting a tourist trap).The garlic bread was delish, toasted to perfection. There was a good amount of lobster to go around, so that was satisfying as well. My issues were with the seasoning/sauce (there was barely any of either one) & the price (still a bit overpriced for a food court style dining experience).If you happen to be in Planet Hollywood & you're craving a Lobster Roll ... all hope isn't lost ... i'd still go to Lobster ME given some of those issues.
2	Ughhhhhh, I can't believe I ate here...  First of all, this is NOT what a lobster roll is supposed to taste like.  They put so much crap on the lobster that it made the taste of lobster go away.  I literally rubbed the crap off of my meat so that I could eat my sandwich.  The lobster mac & cheese was watery and lacked any real flavor.  I didn't like any of the flavors here.  The lobster was super tiny and didn't add much to the dish.The only saving grace was the lobster shooter, which wasn't horrible.  It consisted of a chunk of lobster meat, some ketal one, and some pepper sauce or something (lol, I don't know the exacts... it tasted like a bloody mary to me).  I thought that was pretty good (and not too pricey at about $8/shot).  Over all, not the best lobster roll, but whatever is clever.
4	I really like the idea of good lobster at a reasonable price. The staff is friendly and are ready to help make suggestions. The lobster and fries was good and clam chowder was nice and hot!
3	This place was pretty good although this is my first ever lobster roll...I think it was pretty good.The lobster roll was @22 for the large and $16 for the regular. I got the large as I was sharing with the wife. The bread was nice and toasted and the lobster was great. I liked the lobster because it wasn't mayo based as people say alot of them are. it kept it light and from being too fatty and bloated.  There was plenty of meat in it to make it a meaty roll so with that I am pleased.We also got the lobster bisque in the bread bowl $9..this was good but I had definitely had better bisque all over the east and west coast. It lacked....some serious flavor.So final report...will I go again? maybe but definitely not going to hunt it down again.
3	I saw this place walking around the Miracle Mile after getting a tuna melt over at Earl of Sandwich and I said to myself, "I need to try that place!'. I saw Lobster Mac N' Cheese on the menu and my heart jumped out of my chest. Ever since I saw/heard about lobster mac n' cheese on one of my favorite television shows Royal Pains, I've been wanting to have it. Honestly though, I had no idea it actually existed! It wasn't horribly priced for lobster I guess, but 10 bucks is still a little too much to drop for this dish, even though it was really good. The mac n' cheese was delicious. Made with what you could tell to be real cheese, flavorful, and the perfect texture (that mix of smooth and finely grated cheese). The lobster was only okay, which is why Lobster Me I don't think warrants any better than three stars for this dish. It was good, friendly service, but the food just didn't match up to my dreams and expectations of what it was going to be like. I don't regret trying it and if I'm ever back in Vegas someday soon I want to go back to try the lobster roll.
2	The lobster rolls are ok, the style is non traditional I'm told, still tastes fine to me. Bread was pretty deliciously seasoned and toasty.  It comes in two sizes, either large or extra large. The rolls are neither. Portions are small, could easily eat two. If you're going to call something large it better be freaking large. If they called it regular and large, I would of felt less ripped off. You're seated in the middle of a mall, so there's some decent people watching, if you're into that. They had some pretty fine females inside the bebe store. Highlight of the meal. We ended up going to earl of sandwich immediately after because we were still hungry.
2	It's an ok place to eat. Lobster roll was good, but the bread was too buttery. Also was not worth $16 for such a small sandwich. Nothing beats Luke's Lobster in NYC!!!
3	great lobster mac n cheese! for a mall setting.  but the mall is in vegas.  and i was able to drink a beer in the mall with my mac n cheese.check it out!
4	Get two of the small lobster rolls rather than 1 large delicious , but expensive, YUM!
1	If you are really hungry and price consciousthis place isn't for you. Way too over priced. Hadlobster and chips, was ok but had 3 small piecesOf lobsters and a handful of fries which they could haveadded more since fries are the least expensive of the ingredients.If you want softdrink make sure you specify just a little ice or they willliterally fill the cup with ice and refill are $2. One of their staff even "agreed" with me that the lobster Mac and cheese tasted a bit bitterand dry. Instead of saying I'll pass your concern to the chef or the manager, he smiled and stated "I agree" it's like saying we have bad food but we serve it anyways!! Definitely not going back. If I want to spend that money on lunch, I rather go to Red Lobsters..
4	LOBSTER ICECREAM!!!is the reason i bookmarked this place. i was excited cuz i was staying at planet hollywood. as i did research, reviews were lukewarm. I tried the lobster icecream and it was ok. I'd rather spend my $ at Earls. if ur a lobster freak, it's worth a looksie as they have many items like lobster grilled cheese, with waffles, lobster rolls- which are $22 for the large ones.vibe of this place is food court
2	I know folks have been assuming this place is trying to be clever by naming themselves Lobster ME since ME is supposedly abbreviated for Maine, home of the world's best lobsters.  Their choice of price point and marketing strategy to serve their food in the style of your neighborhood galleria is questionable (when was the last time you purchased a single item in a food court over 15 bucks, including airports?) My latest theory is that the name was originally supposed to be Lobster MEH and even their shoddy construction of the sign resulted in the H falling off.   In terms of quality, this place strikes me as the byproduct of a marginal Iron Chef contestant presented with the secret ingredient of succulent Maine Lobster and concocting 4-5 mediocre dishes (including the fatal death blow of using a savory ingredient for ice cream)The judges have spoken: Iron Chef Meh, your cuisine does not reign supreme.  Save your money to purchase two amazing lobster rolls caught right off of Cape Cod for the price of one "world's best lobster roll" (picture me taking two lobster claws and making air quotes) that you could be purchasing here.
1	not worth the price for flash frozen meat. My friend and i work in the casino and wanted to try this out when we saw it open. -( Not a good idea because the food was not good, got the lobster roll and it was just meat on a roll, no flavor at all. yuck!
2	It's okay.  I tried it in Vegas with my sorority friends because the place literally just opened an hour ago...The menu is very limited and the prices are ~$10 for everything.  I ordered the grilled cheese... it took much longer than it should in my opinion.  My friends got all their food before me, and I ordered first.... does that make sense?  Grilled cheese for $10 is not worth it.. even if there is lobster in it.  It didn't satisfy me and the combination of fishy + cheesey did not work here.  I tried a little of my friend's lobster mac and cheese... it did not work in any favor.It was an interesting concept, but I'd rather walk a little further to Earl's.
4	I want to give them 5 stars but it's just not there yet..... Need to add some pizazz It's good but not A-mazingMaybe a bit more dressing, sprinkle some green onions in there, some salt n peppaSomething..... ? Overall good, but world's best? Bold statement, as I have had the best in cali at the lobster shack, redwood city to be exact.  But I'd say for vegas, do try it.  I sampled the bisque which was tasty, the chowda was good, better than your average. I had a lobsta shooter, bloody Mary mix, celery, onions, cilantro, it was tasty! U can add vodka too! Next time gonna try the seafood cocktail and the lobsta grilled cheese!!!!!C ya
5	Lobster was so fresh! One of the most delicious sandwiches I've ever had! I'd recommend the lobster roll and lobster bisque. Lobster ice cream was so creamy with lobster bits. I'd definitely go back.
2	Should change the name to Lobster Mehhh. I felt like I was at the food court in the mall when i saw how this place was set up. It would have been better if it were since the mall has more seating.Had the lobster roll combo that came with fries and a drink. The Lobster roll was not a traditional one in my eyes. It was filled with plenty of lobster but was not tossed in the mayo/scallion mix a Maine lobster roll would have. It seemed to have a vinegar based medley that overwhelmed any on the natural flavors. The item that was the best was the fries, theses were actually very tasty. The lobster mac and cheese was so-so. A few lobster chunks on top but none throughout, not worth the $9.95. Definitely not returning!!
3	This is my first review, nothing compelling that made me decide other than rhoji calling me out on being yelp thief. Alright, straight to business.. The food was good, it was good for food in general and as far as lobster rolls go it was the best and worst considering it was my first. I just remembered why I dont write reviews, so I apologize for wasting your time.Pros: Good foodEntertaining atmosphereDank mad nasty awesome seafoodCons:Poor valueAwkward seatingI feel it would be better if it were hot lobsterAll in all nothing special just the only place I know to get a delicious lobster roll
3	The lobster roll itself is actually almost 4.5 stars, the salad we got is aprox a 3-star but it is kinda pricey, yeah yeah I know its lobster but still; its a casual fast-food type service.
4	Lobster ME. Lobster YOU. Lobster ALL US.The Lobster Bisque with Bread Bowl was a perfect snack for Jesse and I. It was delicious, creamy, and had lots of Lobster chunks in it. If you stayed at PH hotel, you can order it to go, and eat it in your room. That's what we did, Lobster Bisque + Bellagio fountain view = a perfect afternoon in Vegas before taking a nap.
4	Great food, lobster is real and loaded.  The lobster roll is delicious!  Not great seating just right outside the restaurant.  It felt like you were sitting at a childs table.  Very low and uncomfortable.  The service is so  - so.I will come back just for the lobster roll.  Hope Management is reading this to change the bad seating.  This maybe a downfall for this tiny little restaurant.
4	I love trying weird foods.The very mention of such an opportunity will make me pop up like a meerkat, alertly demanding to know the "Whats" and "Wheres" of such a possibility.  Mind you, I'm not going to eat anything like sour cream and onion flavored crickets (which are quite horrifyingly real, and I saw a pack of some this week), but I'm pretty open.Cue Lobster Me.I love seafood quite a bit, and have been wanting to try this for months, but I started normally with their lobster bisque.  Served in a bread bowl, and chock full of yummy lobster meat, I devoured it, and quickly.  It was quite good.Then came the "weird".  Lobster ice cream.  I know.  Fish and ice cream.  It doesn't sound like it would be a good combo.  But it was actually very sweet with just a hint of a salty aftertaste.  And there are decently sized chunks of lobster in the ice cream, but they aren't "fishy" or overwhelming in flavor.Meal selections seem to be about $8-10 an item, so select a choice or two and go (sharing works, too).  I want to try their lobster mac 'n' cheese next, and a few other menu choices.Not a regular dining selection, but a returnable venue for me.  The concept may not work for everyone, but I had fun trying something that made more than a few friends raise their eyebrows at me.
3	Given the few options to eat a lobster roll in town, I'd say if you're absolutely craving one and would do just about almost anything to get our hands on a juicy succulent tasty lobster roll come to this place.I tried out the lobster roll, lobster and chips and lobster mac n cheese.The roll itself was freakin perfect, bread was toasted just right and they gave a decent amount of lobster with it.The lobster and chips were pretty good and I recommend it if you want something fried and greasy.My least favorite had to be the mac n cheese.  Maybe I'm biased since I'm not a big mac n cheese fan but they didn't load it up with lobster at all.  After about 2 bites I was basically just eating plain mac n cheese from the kraft box.Overall, if you're a foodie, YOU WILL COME HERE.  If not i guess you can skip out if you don't feel like spending a pretty penny.
4	I am a HUGE seafood lover and I was so happy to have stumbled across this while wandering the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood. My friend and I split the XLarge Lobster roll combo @ $25 (we substituted the fries for tots) and the Lobster Mac and Cheese @ $9. I was afraid they would be skimpy with the lobster, but there was plenty of it on the two dishes. Yes it can be pricey but it was well worth it. They have a lot of other things on the menu that I would love to try next time I'm in town: Lobster & Waffles, Lobsticle (lol) and maybe even the lobster ice cream! :D Definitely yummy food. I'm a fan!
3	I usually follow LOBSTER basically wherever they are sold. Eat em, love em. I happen to stumble upon this place a couple weeks ago and was surprised, their lobster roll was really good, huge chunks of lobster but the combo was a bit overpriced, around $21. Seasoned fries are great and w/unlimited drink refills but it's  still pretty pricey even for Vegas. The one thing I would change about their roll is they already put salt and pepper on the lobster with lime juice, I'd rather have that as a side to prepare for myself, other than that, great place for some seafood while you shop at the Miracle Mile.
4	Lobster roll my girlfriend ordered was delicious. A little pricey but you get a fair amount of lobster meat. I had the fish and chips and wish I had ordered a roll myself. The french fries are decent, but nothing special and the fish I was told was atlantic cod but the texture was all wrong. The batter was ok but uninspiring. It tasted like the ff and the fish had both been deep fried in the same oil. After eating two of the triangle fish nuggets I gave up and stared at my girlfriends roll. -1 starNext time I will stick with what they do bestThe boards were easy to read above the walk up and order counter but they have limited seating. If you stick to just ordering a roll you can forgo a table and sit on nearby benches. Overall pretty good, I will be back and can recommend this as a good spot to fix a lobster roll craving in a hurry!
3	Sooo this place has everything lobster. Like I went back to the hotel and had to tell my friends how many things they had. BUT I wasn't too pleased with it. I got the fish and chips so maybe my experience wasn't that great because I didn't stick with their lobster. It really wasn't anything special. What really made me give it a 3 was the poor costumer service. When I went up to get the food I just asked if there was lemon and the guy handing it over had such a bad attitude about it. He then listed off everything he put inside the bag. It was a simple question that didn't need to rude remark. Really though if you want decent priced food I guess this is an ok place to go to.
5	It's located in the Planet Hollywood, close to Fat Tuesday! I'm a big lobster fan, and when I stayed at PH I ate here 3 times! My favorites are  the Lobster Roll and Lobster Grilled Cheese. The Lobster Bisque is good, but too salty for me. Recommendations:Lobster RollClam ChowderLobster BisqueLobster Grilled Cheese
1	Don't waste your time!  My first visit was shortly after they opened.  The service was very slow, but they were very busy.  The lobster??? on the lobster roll was very stingy, and unidentifiable as lobster as opposed to shrimp or crawfish or even sirimi, in some cases.  It was mostly bread.I just tried them again, and after twenty minutes (with three other customers...so they were SLOW), my lobster mac n cheese came out cool.  Not cold, but not even room temperature.  And this was after they stressed how hot it was.  I took one taste of a noodle (very metallic flavour) and took it back to them, stating it was cool.  15 minutes later the "night shift supervisor" came out and informed me that it still wasn't ready.  Did I want to purchase something else?  Were they nuts?  Over 35 minutes wasted waiting on food that never appeared.  They claim that they voided the sale, but I can see the charge on my credit card; we'll see if it goes away.Do yourself a favour, don't bother with this place!!!!!
2	i feel very indifferent to this place.  the lobster roll did not look appetizing, so we ordered the lobster and chips, a lobsticle, and a lobster grilled cheese, on the recommendation of the people who worked there.  as lunch, this place was extremely heavy.  the lobster and chips were pretty good but it was so very deep fried that we feel a bit gross and greasy afterwards.  actually, it was so heavy that we felt a bit disgusting for the rest of the day. they really skimp on the lobster too...there were maybe five/six small lobster nuggets and the rest were their mediocre fries.  the only thing that i would recommend getting is the lobsticle!  it's a lobster tail that is smothered in tempura batter and fried (yes, FRIED, again!!!).  it was really good, although pretty small and still cost $12!  the lobster grilled cheese was GROSS to me.  i don't know what kind of white cheese they used but it did not taste good, it was too mayo-ish.  i mean, i love mayo just as much as the next person but really it was like smothered in this mayo cheese.  i would not order that again.
4	Sooooooooooo freakin delicious!! One star away from 5 bc of the price. Pretty expensive. But it is Vegas and it is lobster. So I say it's absolutely worth it! P.S. I was sober eating this. :)
4	Lobster mac & cheese and the grilled cheese - oh my!
4	Needed something fast and just happened to walk by at the Miracle Mile shopping center. The lobster bisque and lobster dog were excellent. I would go back for a quick bite anytime.
3	3.5 stars I got the extra large lobster roll for $22 and shared it with some friends. We thought it was rather pricey so we shared it just so we can at least try it. The lobster roll had nice big chunks of lobster meat which we all liked and enjoyed. Good tasting and worth trying out but pricey for a quick bite. I don't think the extra large would have filled me up if I had ate all myself, lol.
4	Lobster? When do I eat Lobster other than at big Chinese dinners at a restaurant.  In Vegas!!! I came here because I was definitely hungry, wanted something quick , easy to eat, and most importantly something DELICIOUS!. Can you go wrong with Lobster??? Yes of course you can. But for me, I shared the LOBSTER bisque and Mac and Cheese. The Lobster Bisque in the bowl was good. I especially love the bread bowl with it. The bowl was fully edible, soft but crispy. On the other hand the Mac and Cheese was a bit of a disappointment. They totally trick you in the container they put it in! Lift it up and you'll notice that its only half the size of the container!!! WTFF!!! It wasn't even cheesy! The Cheese wasn't melty either and was pretty dry. But I won't complain, I still ate it because macaroni and cheese is still a good combination. I definitely want to try the Rolls next time ;)
3	It's 10AM on a Friday morning and you're already drunk. SInce my friends decided to get Fat Tuesdays, we also decided to get this next door.Prices are really expensive though but it was really good. Everything had lobster in it in some way. I got the tater tots for 2-3.50 while others had lobster mac and cheese for 9.50. It only tastes good if you're drunk. I wouldn't have ordered anything here if I was sober.
3	OMG. They serve lobster ice cream here? Why didn't I look at the menu closer? Darn! *face palms* My friends and I were heading to Earl of Sandwich and then this place caught our eye. It distracted us enough to get us lost on the way to Earls. =P About 20 minutes later, with our sandwiches in hand, we come to Lobster Me to find something we can share. The menu is of course pricey. This is Vegas and can they ship fresh lobster to the desert?The menu consists of your classic rolls, soups, fried lobster and even breakfast items. I was tempted to try the lobster waffles. Unfortunately it isn't baked in, but covering the top. I like my sweet and savory combos though. My friends and I decide on the lobster mac and cheese ($9). It comes out, relatively fresh, creamy and definitely very rich. The cheese taste sharp and not too salty. The lobster is lathered on top. And I do find little chunks of lobster spread into the pasta on the bottom. Verdict: okay. I wouldn't have it just by itself because it is way too rich. And I probably wouldn't order it again because I think the ice cream caught my eye. =)Lobster Me is good to try once, or twice if you really like something. But it's definitely a lot of $$$ if you want to order a lot. Why not just go to a buffet and pay a little more for an unlimited amount of lobster? =P
2	Mehhh. I do like that they were generous with the lobster portions but the dressing in the salad was way too bitter. I think there might've been too much lemon. It ruined the glory of the lobster! The lobster roll tasted good but you can't lose with hella butter & toasted bread. A big star deduction is due to the long ass wait. There wasn't even anyone in line before us!
2	Did a pit stop here while in Vegas as we wandered around and "got lost", and got distracted by this "LOBSTER ME" sign on our way to Earls...Came back after purchasing three sandwiches at Earls, and pondered over what we wanted to get. We decided to settle for the lobster mac n cheese, which came out to almost double digits! Holy ish, as a broke ass college student, I definitely was NOT liking the way this little side was coming out to be so far.... that's EXPENSIVE. You better give me a pound of this lobster mac n cheese, or have a shat-ton of lobster in this mac n cheese if you're charging $9 for this. And then I start dreaming.... and I think of the time I had some BOMBDIGGYDANGDIGGYDANGDEDANGDIGGY lobster mac n cheese at Capitol Grille at South Coast Plaza in Costa Mesa, CA... and how their $15 lobster mac and cheese side was SO WORTH EVERY DAMN PENNY after eating it... and that was litterally what I was expecting, but hopefully, better.What came to us, however, was a little lacking. We found very few lobster pieces, the serving was puny at best (as with everything else on Vegas' strip, super expensive!), and it was dunked in oil, oil, and uh, more oil. I kid you not. Now, don't get me wrong, the flavoring of the mac n cheese, I felt that it was pretty good... in fact, I probably would have given them 3 stars in my review since I loved the sharpness of the cheddar and how it cut into the well cooked, super soft macaroni... however... the price of what we paid vs what we got + the next day, when I heated this up, the amount of GREASE that came out (OMG, artery clogging!) + the pathetic amount of lobsters in this serving of lobster mac n cheese? Not the best impression.For me, personally, Lobster Me became a place that I would try just to say I've eaten there before, but if I were to do some real grubbing? Ehhhh, not so much.
5	I'm going to give this 5 stars, which I rarely do based off of the lobster rolls only. AMAZING. I had the lobster roll for the first time at a Nine food tasting charity event at the Palms over the summer. I went there this past Sunday, and I was not disappointed. My boyfriend and I shared an X-Large roll and got the shrimp tacos. I was not at all a fan of the tacos, but if you like lobster, you must have this roll. They put so much lobster on it, it's overflowing. It's $18 for the Large, and $22 for the X-Large. For the strip, this is not bad at all with how much lobster they put on it. I will drive all the way to the strip, park in the PH parking lot, walk...barefoot and get nasty feet just to get this roll again. When you eat it, you can thank me. You're welcome.Update: 2/4/12 - I just had another lobster roll, and it was delightful.
4	So i was walking down to the casino and this lobster me caught my eye, so i decided to treat myself before losing all my money gambling. I ordered the large lobster roll, it was really good! Tons of lobster meat on the bottom and 4! lobster claws on top. Just squeeze a little lime on top and dig right in. It was well worth $17 dollars.
5	I walked past this place a few times before trying it and I really regret it.I thought it was going to be frozen lobster, cooked to hell and not worth the price which is a bit more than what lobster rolls go for in the Northeast.Yes, I was wrong.I tried the lobster roll with a drink for a late breakfast on my last day in Vegas.Man, it was perfect.  Overflowing with claw meat, the buttery goodness from the roll, I instantly regretted not going a size up!I've been craving another one ever since and this will definitely be on my "go to" list every time I hit Sin City!
4	My new favorite middle-of-the-night craving (which is unfortunate considering I reside in L.A. and have no such place near me at any time of the day)!Lobster roll, lobster bisque, shrimp tacos, shrimp salad... All delicious! Last time I was in Vegas I made one A.M. visits two days in a row... The greatest drunken sustenance EVER! Only thing was the place wasn't incredibly clean but I'll chalk that up to being in the middle of the mall and at the whim of random passerbyers.  Also, the famed lobster roll was served  chilled.  Tasted slightly odd to me because of this, but I guess I'm no lobster roll connosieur...
5	Where else In Las Vegas could you eat the best tasting lobster roll without paying an arm and a leg for it.  I love this place.  I really think I am in Maine when I go here.  The portion of lobster on the roll is huge.  I also think their lobsticles are great too.  I take all my company to Lobster Me & they love it just as much as I do.  I only wish their seating arrangements were a little more comfortable.
3	I went to Florida for the first time this year and fell in love with Lobster rolls. When I heard that Lobster Me claimed to have the best Lobster roll in the world, I immediately knew I had to try it. I was accompanied by four other people on my first visit and we each ordered something different off the menu--The lobster roll, lobster bisque, lobsicle, and lobster ice cream. The lobster roll was good, I love how they put huge pieces of lobster meat in it, but it wasn't "the best in the world." The lobster bisque was average. The lobsicle was small considering the price, but then again it IS lobster. The lobster ice cream was surprisingly not bad, but I have absolutely nothing to compare it to. I'd say it's a place you have got to try at least once to be a true judge.
3	I thought this 24 hour restuarant was a pretty good idea to have here considering there is nothing else like it here on the strip that i can think of...its located in the shopping mall of Planet Hollywood right next to the place where you get those big tall drinks and on the way to Earl of Sandwich! lol So you can get this as an appetizer on the way there like we did! lololI ordered the small lobster roll for 16.00. I thought it was a little expensive but then soon realized that we were in the middle of the dessert which is why its a few more dollars. The roll was warm, and lightly toasted. What kind of puzzled me was that the lobster was cold. I automatically assumed it was going to be warm and drenched with butter. i was not dissappointed just a little surprised by the combination of the warm roll and cold lobster. Nonetheless, it was good especially if you are a seafood lover like me.  Big chunks of lobster cold or warm will always make me happy!!!
1	totally the worst lobster ever. i saw the ad where you can get a lobster sandwich combo for $20, so i went to try it out. when i ordered and was waiting for my food (which i spent like $50$), the employee there (who took my order) was giving out coupons (i think) to everyone except me and another customer. i spent more money than all the customer there, and i dont get one. well i know some you just wants to know about the food. so here goes.when i got my food, the lobster was so cold, it was like they froze the lobster before serving it. the fries over was ok, nothing special. the bisque was good and cremy, but need the lobster piece to be bigger. if you're a lobster restaurant, you got to impress me with big pieces of lobster
3	we wanted a snack since linner really was enough for lunch and dinner...heheh.  while walking through PH, we finally found Lobster ME.  the lobster is caught in Maine and flown to Canada for deshelling/freezing, then flown to vegas twice a week.  there is currently only one location; however, they will begin to franchise soon.  Lobster ME is due to open in Santa Monica sometime.i had a discount from the miracle mile coupon book.  buy one large lobster roll and get a 16 oz draft beer free.  the lobster roll that was in the window was an extra large.  it didn't look that big.  so we tried the large lobster roll thinking that we would only get one bite since hubby and i were sharing. we were wrong.  there are actually big pieces of lobster tail in the sandwich.  the buttered bread was slightly toasted; lobster was added afterwards.  the lobster was actually not one piece but more like two layers lightly salted and spiced.  you get roughly 1/3 lb of lobster in your large roll.  we enjoyed it very much. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6Vyp-9i1jzwK_bvisuPJpQ?select=GAo7jQGmJkSkVBQyGX72tAit was pricey but worth the try.  $16 + tax = 1 large lobster roll + draft beer(which is $4)also sampled lobster ice cream which i disliked.  tasted like heavy, sweet vanilla ice cream with pieces of lobster mixed in.  i was disappointed that they didn't try to incorporate the lobster taste into the actual ice cream.  felt like they could have tried to infuse flavors.
2	Wow, I expected so much more from this place......but it was very disappointing.Let's just say everything that's not lobster there is good. I'm giving this place 2 stars because of their clam chowder. Everything else with lobster doesn't taste right. It's overpriced too!
3	Meh.I dunno, it wasn't all that. Located in the Miracle Mile Shops in planet Hollywood, and open all day.  Claim to have "the worlds best lobster roll".  I have to disagree, and this is based on taste, type of meat, and possibly luck.  Maybe I was unlucky to get an off-night lobster roll.  It was filled with claw meat, didn't get too much tail in my roll.  It's very lightly dressed, and while that may be a ploy to say,"we're not going to hide our fresh lobster taste!" what it ended up doing was make it painfully obvious that the roll was drenched in butter.  Lobster rolls I'm used to are more like lobster salad on bread.  And when I said filled, I didn't mean filled like bursting at the seams, I just meant that's what thye filled my sandwich with.  The bread to lobster meat ratio was something like 3:1, and it was tourist priced as heck, actually everything is here.My wife got the lobsicle and the lobster ice cream.  I would describe the lobsicle as a split lobster tail tempura skewered and fried.  And the lobster ice cream was just a mild vanilla-ish ice cream with lobster meat.  It was ridiculous, like $5 for a small.  Don't get me wrong, I like weird Filipino ice cream, with corn and with cheese, but this just wasn't for me.  I'll eat here again maybe, but I probably won't get the lobster roll.  I'd probably just get the lobster and chips, but more likely, I'd save my appetite and my skrilla for Boiling Crab or Hot n Juicy.
3	This place is located at the Miracle Mile Shop in Planet Hollywood.  I came here cause my friend recommended.  Everything with lobster? COOL!  My coworkers and I almost ordered the entire menu.  Sadly, to say the everything was OKAY.  Nothing stood out to be spectacular. It was expensive too (lobster of course).  Think the decent thing to eat here is the Lobster Roll ($20 for large combo, fries and a drink).  The Mac n Cheese lobster took 20 minutes to make and it wasn't that great at all. It was simply just mac n cheese and they put lobster on top.  Lobster was cold and didn't seem fresh at all.Lobster Bisque- (soup) was okay.Lobster salad - I can make this dish better at home.  Pass on this one. Just salad and topped of with lobster. Nothing crazy.Lobster and Shrimp Ceviche - The only thing that was decent (along with the Lobster roll), it was fresh and tasty, but TINY.Lobsicle (battered lobster on a stick) - Tiny and nothing great. All this was around $100.... expensive. Expected way more... I'll just go to Earls of Sandwich instead (cheap and in the same area!)
5	I was trying to be "good" on my trip to Vegas this time...trying to eat well and not go overboard...exercise daily...all that went out the window when at 10pm I turned the corner in the Miracle Mile and like a shining beacon from Heaven saw the words "LOBSTER ME" (I do believe I heard angels singing...)I wanted it all...I wanted to try EVERYTHING...my head was spinning with Lobster combinations that I had never had before...but I settled for a single Lobsicle.  After all, I was trying to be "good" wasn't I?  I figured a Lobsicle's portability could assist in my noble attempt to stay on my "diet" since I could easily eat it while walking the mall for 3 miles...I'd just call it a "push."  Riiiiiiiiight...I walked around gnawing that thing and must have been stopped by 10 people asking me "what IS that?" - I pointed behind me in the direction of the pearly gates and said "Lobster Me!" - run, run while it's still open!!!Needless to say...I gave in to temptation, which is not hard to do in Vegas.  I went back in the morning for the Lobster & Waffles...and the Lobster Wontons, and the Grilled Cheese, and the bisque, and the ice cream...and another Lobsicle.  Ok, ok, I admit it...I have a problem.  A serious lobster problem.  The only thing that could have made any of this any better would have been bacon...Seriously, the people who DIDN'T give this 5 stars are all on crack...yes, it's expensive people...it's REAL LOBSTER!!!!  It's not langoustines, not crawfish, not any other stupid thing cheap restaurants try to pass off as real lobster...this is the REAL THING!!!  It is from New England and sweet and succulent and AWESOME!!!!  This food could easily be served in a fancy restaurant for more money!!Lobster rolls - no filler, just a soft, sweet brioche-type bun with delicious seasoned lobster and more lobster...we could all argue until the cows come home over what makes a good roll, a bunch of mayo & celery or just seasoned lobster on a roll, but this roll is for purists...not people looking for a hot dog bun with lobster salad plopped in it.Lobster Wontons - the filling is some kind of curried lobster mix and delicious, served with a side of sweet chili sauce.Lobster Grilled Cheese - almost like a creamy cheese & lobster panini but softly toasted bread and creamy yummy cheese inside.  To die for!!!Lobster Mac & Cheese - yes, it's on the "drier" side of the Mac & Cheese gamut, but that's what makes it so perfect.  Just lobster, cheese, breadcrumbs and YUM!  This is NOT your Kraft Mac & Cheese, it is not your mom's ooey-gooey runny cheese type Mac & Cheese.  It is like the kind you get in an upscale restaurant that only needs a few ingredients to make it good.  I have tried every Lobster Mac & Cheese I have ever seen, and this one is definitely one of the best!Lobster on a stick (called a "Lobsicle") - ok, who is the friggin' GENIUS who invented THIS???  Let's put a Lobster Tail on a stick, deep fat fry it, and serve it with a slice of lemon and a bucket of butter...this is so much better than the crap-on-a-stick you get at the fair!!!  I picture this to be the fair food of the Rich & Famous...like there is a little Lobster stand at the Beach near the Hamptons where Muffy & Biff can stop and pick up a few Lobsicles to eat as they stroll the beach in their white tennis outfits?Lobster Bisque - not the best I've ever had (that was the Clubhouse at South Coast Plaza - RIP) but it is a really REALLY good knock-off!!!  I am a HUGE Lobster Bisque snob...I like my bisque more on the creamy sherry side & not the tomato fishy side.  This was a perfect creamy sherry laced tasting bisque with a huge dollop of chopped lobster bits thrown in - all served hot & fresh in a yummy sourdough bowl.  I could have eaten 3 more of these...Lobster Ice Cream - I know, it sounds gross...but it is AWESOME!!!!  Vanilla-based ice cream with chunks of lobster throughout.  Not sure if they soak the lobster in sugar or if it really is just that sweet to begin with, but this is one special taste you need to try!!!  They will let you have a small taste if you ask for it- try it!!!Lobster Waffles - Now, let me preface this by saying that I am a HUGE fan of bacon & syrup together...I went ape-sh*t when Denny's had "Baconalia" and made the maple syrup bacon sundae.  If you like sweet & salty things, you will LOVE these Lobster Waffles.  Like in the Lobster ice cream, the lobster they use is the sweet New England kind, so it blends perfectly with the Belgian-style waffle & maple syrup.  The chunks of Lobster are tempura-battered and tossed on top of the waffle.  I cut mine up so I could savor a bite of everything each time...and used the extra side of syrup provided (of course!)I will be back...again and again and again...LOBSTER ME BAY BAY!!!!
4	Took the family out to check this place out after a good review in a local magazine. I have to say without a doubt this is now one of two reasons for me to hit the strip. The service we got from the staff was pleasant and they answered all of our questions. The wife had the grilled cheese and our soon had the Mac and cheese. As mentioned in previous reviews the Mac and cheese isn't out of a box. It was fresh, hot, and they didn't skimp on the lobster. The grilled cheese was warm and plenty gooey with plenty of lobster as well. I went with the regular size lobster roll combo that included fries and a drink. I most say I was a little surprised at the size of the roll for the price, but the amount of lobster in the salad and the claw meat on top more than made up for it. It was so good that I ordered a second roll. For me the only negatives is that you share a common area with the bar next door selling those touristy size drinks in those goofy cups. The music that they had on in that bar wasn't something I wanted to listen to. Also the restrooms are a far away and the distance is off putting for us dining with a younger child who needed to use it.
4	Awesome lobster rolls and bisque!  Fast and convenient if you're staying at Planet Hollywood.
5	5 stars all day long. Brandon is a great chef. The band I run plays Planet H 4 to 5 days a week. I eat here every night we play on our first break, and have been doing so since Nov, 2011. Being from Northern Cali and a Bay Area junkie. There simply is no better lobster in LV for the money. I first met Lucile and developed "The Ray Jon Special" with her. Though she's on day shift now, the name stuck and it's an off menu recipe for the night shift. No bread, no butter, just spices, homemade cocktail sauce, and Lemon. The entire staff is great. Always very clean. Because they offer a wide variety of lobster fare, you'll want to go more than once to try everything. Unless your a creature of habit like me.
4	I just had the lobster roll here by recommendation from a friend. He was a few hundred bucks up and really wanted me to try their rolls here, so he bought me one. I just finished eating a crazyass lunch at Mon Ami Gabi, but what the heck...it can't be that big...It was HUGE! Not only that, you can taste the freshness of the lobster meat...and rest assured, they give you A LOT of lobster. Does it match up to Luke's in NY? Nope, but pretty close. Better portions for the price here, that's for sure.
5	I really really loved this place.  It was a little bit more expensive than I had anticipated but totally worth it.  The best part is that it is right besides Fat Tuesday so while they are making your food you can grab a drink.I visited here twice during my weekend trip, it was that food.  The lobster roll is really amazing.  For $16 its a small portion, but its delicious, and generally lobster rolls are not cheap!  The lobster mac n cheese was my least favorite.  The cheese they use is way too sharp.  It completely contrasts the delicate flavor of the lobster.  I was really disappointed in that.  I also tried the lobster grilled cheese which was good as well.  Their lobster bisque is extremely rich.  I would recommend taking a sample before buying, it was not for everyone.They also had some fun things on the menu like lobster and waffles, lobster lollipops, lobster and tator tots...all kinds of stuff.  I will definitely be back the next time I am in Vegas!
5	Have to say, this was a surprise find.  Located inside the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood... Counter service concept with all things lobster...  wasn't sure it would deliver - but I have to say the lobster roll I split today with a co-worker (yes, it's easy enough to hit up for lunch if you work at UNLV) was absolutely terrific.Buttery toasted bun, fresh lobster, lots of claw meat, celery salt.  It's a winnah.
5	This place was absolutely fabulous!!! Being from the East Coast it is always surprising to see a true Lobster Roll in Las Vegas, and Lobster, Me nailed it! The celery salt on top of the Lobster Roll was the perfect final touch.  Can't wait to go back and try out other things on the menu!
5	First Lobster Roll ever.  Friggen Awesome.
1	First off, the owner (I think he is) is a dick.  The food?  Overpriced and low quality.  If you ever had a decent lobster roll, you would never eat it here.  What a waste of space!  Don't waste your stomach here!  Too many awesome places to eat in Vegas for this crap.Highlights*None!Lowlights*Overpriced*Dumbass owner with an attitude*Claims to serve lobster bisque in bread bowl. NOPE.
4	Being a Lobster fanatic, i just had to try this place during a quick trip to Vegas. I was a bit surprised and disappointed to see that this is more of a fast food type set up. I was expecting and would have preferred a sit down place with actual plates and silverware.  However, this place is definitely a must-try for all lobster lovers! Is the lobster the best quality around? No. However, it's still good and where else can you get lobster waffles, lobster grilled cheese, lobster ice cream, lobster on a stick (list goes on and on...) for a reasonable price? This is certainly not a nice dinner place - but for a unique and delicious breakfast and/or lunch and/or late night treat in Vegas, LobsterMe is a GREAT choice! I will be back the next time im in/around Planet  Hollywood.
5	I've never had a lobster roll before so this was my first time eating one. I've seen them on the food network so I've been wanting to try one. so when i came across lobster me i had to try it. at first i thought to my self it too expensive for a snack but once you try it, its like a little piece of heaven when you eat it. if your trying to get full off it your wasting your time. their $17 each.
4	When in Vegas, I suggest you try this place. The Lobster roll & shrimp were impressive. Lobster chips are awesome. The service is very friendly & attentive girls, they asked us to ask questions....i like this lil place.the Lobster shooter was amazing too.
5	I'm from Maine, live in Vegas and have eaten more lobster rolls than I can remember. This is the third lobster roll I have eaten outside of New England and the first time that I ever finished a lobster roll and said I'm full.  Mine was served with fries (and a beer). Now it was $23 for a large and for me it was cheaper than a plane ticket to Maine so I'm good.  The staff was great - very helpful !  I plan to try everything on the menu that has lobster in it.  One happy Maine girl !!!!
5	This will go down as one of the best splurges ever in our many years of food exploits. I was so curious about trying the lobster roll ever since we noticed this place opening last year (never had one! seen them on the food channel on DDD though, so was familiar). Enter last friday when I was entertaining the idea of places to check out this weekend. I had my mind set on this place. I kept talking to my husband about it and we had a nice build up. I was hoping to have it yesterday, except we had spent some time on the east side with my in-laws (translation: we were out all day), that we decided it would be today. Yes, finally, today. Can you feel my anticipation? Lunch was relatively empty for a sunday though there were lots of characters passing by (the people watching). There are about 16 tables about five feet away from the restaurant. You order and pay at the window. Ok, a short feeling of sticker shock, over $50 for two combos, the XL Lobster Roll, fries, and a drink. I inquired about the Lobster Ice Cream and the cashier gave us each a sample. Nice surprise, because we didn't ask, but that was nice of her. It was different (not that bad, actually, though my husband made a face suggesting he didn't like it), and now we can say we've tried it! A short wait later, another nice lady delivers the food to us, and what a picture! The nice server brought us lots of ketchup, napkins, and plastic utensils. She also cleaned up when we were leaving.  The lobster meat (claws and knuckles) on both sandwiches was very generous, and the mayo was light and the seasonings were just right. The bread was lightly buttered and was toasted enough for a light amount of crustiness. (I hate when the bread is soft and gets squashed up.) Also, the bread was not heavy, making the lobster the main attraction (as it should be!). It was the perfect balance. The lobster meat was sweet and fresh tasting (no smelly fish smells here), there wasn't a whole lot of mayo (hate when it's mayo overload, gross), it was delicious!!! Usually, I eat pretty fast, but I went really slow, because I wanted to savor it. In fact, my husband finished his sandwich before I did. I got a few small pieces of shell, but it really wasn't a big deal. The fries were skin-on, thinly sliced steak fries, seasoned, and crisp. The fries were flavorful, but the portion was very generous, so I didn't finish it. Drinks are free refills until 11 pm. We both really enjoyed it. It's such a nice thing when a place lives up to your expectations. Yes, it's not cheap, but it's lobster from Maine, people! And yes, people passing by will stop and stare at your food, but who cares, I was so into the food, I wasn't even noticing them. I was so happy to have finally had a Lobster Roll, it was food bliss. It is worth the $$$. Take a to-go menu (no prices) and plan the next meal here. Afterward, some walking around the mall was in order, as we were both satisfied, and fully nourished.
5	Needed a late snack and friend recommend this place, I'm not a huge fan of lobster but we decided to give it a try. We had an order of lobster Mac & cheese and a lobster roll. The Mac & cheese was great but the lobster roll....oh that lobster roll. Perfection, toasted roll, great lobster a little mayo and seasoning, that's it.  Now my mouth is watering and I won't be back until Oct.
4	I'll give myself one more day to chuckle at the idea of lobster ice-cream. Who said only the Japanese were innovative with their desserts? (e.g. shrimp/tofu ice-cream) My mom and I happened to be walking along the Miracle Mile Shops when she saw a big sign that said 'Lobster ice-cream, free samples' so I went up to the cashier and asked for some to which she handed me a spoonful. Not bad, I say. I was expecting something bland and downright icky but surprisingly, it was pretty flavorful. The ice-cream could've passed off as vanilla, then there were the strings of lobster meat that came with it. Was a fun try. If only an order wasn't fixed to $8 and they had sizes, it would've been great company for a walk under the sun.
2	2 stars for not giving me a sample of my lobster ice cream.
4	For fast food joint that serves lobster exclusively in the middle of the desert, this place is pretty good. On a mission to have a quick snack and proceed to get our drunk on, Lobster Me was conveniently situated by Fat Tuesday and looked extremely intriguing. I mean, if you love lobster, can you really turn this place down?We had a lobsicle which was well breaded, was cooked well and tasted delish! This was a great place to stumble upon. It's a great hidden gem on the Strip!
4	I liked it! I got a lobster roll, it was kinda expensive, but the quality of the lobster and amount of lobster exceeded my expectations.My other friend got the lobster mac 'n cheese, it was a little bland, it definitely needs a dimensional characteristic whether it's heat or truffle or something.  We tried Tabasco and ketchup ...sort of did the trick.My other friend got the lobster grilled cheese which reminded me of a tuna melt.  He wolfed it down and we didn't even get offered bites, so my guess is it was good :).Servers were very friendly & fast!
4	walking ...tired... hey a lobster place? gotta try something!  it all looked awesome but couldnt go for an $18 lobster roll (damn blackjack tables) so i sprang for a cup of lobster ice cream and a lobster shooter...both  were quite impressive...good size chunks of lobster in the ice cream, rich and sweet enough to veil the lobsterness not cover it up...the shooter was tasty chunky but half the shooter glass and no black caviar on top as pictured. lobster on a stick looked good but $14..maybe 10 bucks, will try lobster mac next time...
4	Yum, yum, yum, yum, yummmm.  But that's just for the lobster roll. Yummmmmm. But seriously just get the lobster roll. It's the bomb.  Everything else is meh.The boyfriend has tried the fish chips and he spent the entire time trying to steal my lobster roll.  The fries weren't bad just not good and fish itself was like frozen filet quality.  We tried the lobster mac and cheese last time and it was a testament to how if you add lobster to anything it's passable.  The mac itself was pretty cafeteria style, it's been baked and left in a pan forever.  But then they top it was a heaping handful of lobster so you almost forgive them.  Almost.  However, the lobster roll is out of this world, perfectly buttered toasted parker roll piled high with a ridiculous amount of huge chunks o' lobster meat that just lightly tossed in lemon and some spices.  If you like a creamy lobster salad with smaller pieces this is not for you but for the lobster-vores out there, you gotta try it.
3	had the lobster n chips it was okay....  really overpriced.  $14.05 for four pieces of nuggets n fries.  its jus tempura covered lobster n fries  nothing too fancy.
3	I could go 3.5 stars but you only get one choice. The lobster bisque hardly had one bit of lobster in it. the bread bowl was about the normal size but without any lobster in it, it was just plain soup, heavy on the butter taste. The Lobster Mac and Cheese was exceptional and had a plentiful amount of lobster in it and it was not overwhelmed with cheese. Perhaps it could have used a bit more cheese, but overall the taste was really good. Why three stars? Mainly it comes down to price. You can get the same things at other establishments for perhaps $2 or more less per item. It seemed you are paying for the name. There are very little places to sit as they have these leather chairs that make it really difficult to eat there unless you hold your food. the shop next door has two tiny tables but they do the trick if they don't harrass you for not buying a drink. Simply adding some tables would help but I think they intend everyone to just leave. That is not so easy with a breadbowl of soup. The location is not too difficult to find in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. Make sure you stop by the thunderstorm pond nearby. The staff was fine and seemed friendly.
5	The lobster Roll was one of the things i have tasted in my lifelobster was thick and fresh and the warm buttery roll w/ the cold lobster filling is a perfect combo.lobster and chips were OK, but the lobster roll automatically became my fav thing to eat in vegas.
5	i saw this place and told my brother this is your kind of place, not knowing really how good it was, just that he likes lobster, and i had gave up my room at planet hollywood so he could stay there so it was very accessible to him. when he finally did eat here, the following day, he ate here everyday and sometimes twice. and against my will he forced a lobster sandwich on me when i told him i was full ( i thought how good could it be?). so i took it back to the room and left it on the table. the next morning i knew i wouldn't have time to get a bite to eat, so i opened the bag took out the sandwich and took a bite and thought omg omg omg, cold and old this sandwich was still spectacular. i don't think it even had mayo in it, but rather crack, because it was so tasty and made you wanting more. mind you, if i went there, not knowing anything, i would have not ordered a 22 dollar sandwich, but man this sandwich was worth every penny. but if i go there i definitely will. when we left vegas my brother went online and ordered from here one more time. it's that good.
3	Located next to Fat Tuesday in the Miracle Mile I was excited to go lobster crazy. Everything on the menu looked delicious so I gave in and decided to give this place a try...eh...I was a bit disappointed. I ordered the lobster grilled cheese and the lobster wontons. I really envisioned the grilled cheese to be made with regular melted gooey cheese just filled with lobster chunks...not the case. It was cold, they used cream cheese and it was not melted. The wontons surprised me as well because all I tasted was curry, I didn't even finish half of them. I got to sample the lobster Mac and cheese and that was pretty good, I would definitely eat a bowl of that. I also sampled the lobster ice cream, a spoonful is enough. It was very rich and buttery with lobster chunks, not sure if I could handle an entire scoop. Next time I would go with their breakfast items because the lobster eggs and lobster and waffles looked yummy...but then again so did that grilled cheese :/ Oh, they give free refills on drinks.
2	I spotted this place while buying my big ass drink at Fat Tuesday in the Miracle Mile shopping at Planet Hollywood.  Everything on the menu looked tasty, so I was excited when my friends and I came back the next day to grab food.I ordered the lobster grilled cheese, expecting a regular grilled cheese with lobster in it.  Instead, I got slightly toasted bread with 1 slice of not melted cheese, and a lobster/cream cheese mix.  I was not impressed.  I did have a taste of the lobster mac and cheese, which was good.  I would get that if I ever end up at this place again, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it. Bonus: they give free refills on sodaTip: get your free sample of lobster ice cream
5	Great food! My husband and I both ordered the xl lobster roll. Excellent!!  A little pricey, but I will definitely return. A good amount of fresh tasting lobster on a perfectly toasted roll.
3	3 & 1/2 stars.. I was so looking forward to eating here but were small kine disappointed. They did pack it with lobster but it really had that fishy fishy smell/taste ( you know the smell of seafood not being fresh ). The bun wasNice and the seasoning( celery salt ) was good but the taste and the fact that the lobster was really, really cold (almost frozen) which kinda threw us off. Service was goodBut weCould only eat here once
3	The Cajun Lobster Roll is tasty. It's kind of small but they do pack a nice amount of lobster in it. I got a L Cajun Roll while BF got a XL Original. The cajun had a nice kick to it but I dont like the fact that it comes out cold. I know its a lobster roll and it doesnt need to be hot but it shouldnt feel like it came straight out of the fridge either. BF said his roll was okay, nothing extraordinary, but the size was disappointing for a XL. He said he'd probably need two or three to be full. I think i'd need a XL next time to be somewhat full.  They should really post up the sizes og the rolls so people know how much to order. I was also disappointed that they didn't have the Lobster and Shrimp Ceviche. I really wanted to try that but the worker just said, "we don't have that today." If you don't have it everyday maybe you should specify that on the menu! Just sayin...
4	Tried the lobscicle and lobster ice cream. Do you want the good news or the bad news first?Okay bad news it is. The lobster ice cream I would never get AGAIN. The ice cream was great and fluffy and had large pieces of lobster in the ice cream. However, the actual lobster pieces did not taste great at all. The lobster pieces where very bland and too chewy and had to chew it for a while.On to the good news. $14 + tax for a lobster tail, that's awesome. Comes out and it's smaller than I expected (but my expectations were too large for a lobster on a stick. come on bro. LOBSTER ON A STICK smh) The lobster on a tail was awesome. Great for a quick bite and an unique idea. Try the LOBSCICLE !
4	Close to our hotel, I had wanted to try this place before we even got to Vegas (who doesn't love lobster, right?!) It was OK. I honestly was expecting more, but I really shouldn't have from what is basically mall food lol.The lobsicle was kinda small and a little chewy and fishy. And SUPER greasy. Not worth the 14 bucks imo... (I wouldn't have been able to tell if it was a giant prawn honestly) The classic lobster roll however was SO yummy, my mouth is watering just thinking about it. The roll was toasty and buttery, and it was heaping full with lobster (I had to pick some pieces out before i could even pick it up and eat it) However, I have never had a lobster roll before so I have nothing to really compare it to haha. The green salad with lemon pepper vinaigrette was expensive and a waste of my money. 8 bucks for some lettuce a few cherry tomatoes and some oil to pour on top. Pass.My sister said the fish and chips were delicious, but nothing like we get out here in California on the coast. She said it was Vegas-good (ha!)It was yummy, but expensive. Almost 60 bucks for our meal. We will probably not go back.
2	I was disappointed.  My $14 lobsicle was very small, and I am not a big eater.  The good news is the beer is cheap.  $20 buckets and $5 Sam Adams draft.  The lobster ice cream was very weird.
4	I'd been pining for a lobster roll since having one at Mary's Fish Camp in NYC, so it was exciting to see this place open. Around 10:30 at night they still had a line at the register but the staff is very nice and working as fast as they can.My lobster roll didn't use mayo and celery like Mary's, I think it may have been lemon and celery salt, but it was fresh and there was plenty of meat. He had a lobster BLT and wolfed it down without offering me a bite. The two sandwiches with one very small portion of fries, a water, a soda and a small draft was $50, so it's not cheap for something that wouldn't fill you up if you're really hungry, but it was delicious.
4	Came here to visit Sin City with Hubster last month and wandered around aimlessly at the Miracle Mile shops on our first day trying to find something different for lunch, and came across this place.We shared a lobster roll and it was worth the $23, except that they need to drizzle some hot drawn butter because it was a bit on the dry side.  If you're feeling a bit bold, feel free to try their lobster ice cream!  I really wished that I had the chance to try their lobster bisque in a bread bowl.  Highly recommend this place whenever you happen to be in town!
4	So one of my buddies from Hawaii went to Vegas and I got permission from the hottie to spend a gambling weekend with him.  Since we hit the tables non stop the entire weekend, food was just a secondary thought.  However, I did want to try this joint the last time I was in Vegas so we went there for an afternoon snack.Be prepared to spend about $20 for a lobster roll and if you have a big appetite the lobster roll will not fill you up.  But you do get a pretty generous portion of lobster on your roll and it is quite tasty.  Since this was my first time there, I went with the original lobster roll but my friend got the cajun lobster roll.  He said it was very good.  Next time I think I'll try the lobster mac and cheese..... hhhhmmmmm......cheeeeeesseeee.
3	Lobsicle, a deep fried lobster tail on a stick with a slice of lemon and butter. Fatness and roughly 14 hot burning dollars in your mouth. Totally good and worth it if you're winning! Fries were pretty generous for the price and they have free samples of their lobster ice cream! It was interesting but not my kind of thing.
5	Let me preface by saying I grew up in Maine, currently live in LA, and am VERY picky about lobster, especially lobster rolls. Is it the best lobster roll in the world as proclaimed on the sign? No, for that you need to literally pull a lobster out of the frigid Maine ocean and cook it immediately. Is it pretty outstanding considering it's in a mall in Vegas? Absolutely. I've had the lobster roll and the lobster grilled cheese and both are just wonderful. In my opinion, there's too much lemon and spices on the roll, but otherwise it's perfect-big chunks of lobster tossed in mayonnaise on a hot buttered bun. The lobster grilled cheese is also excellent-hot, steamy lobster in gooey melted cheese between two buttery, toasty slices of white bread. Yum!Food in Vegas isn't cheap, period, but if you want something relatively inexpensive that is different and not fast-food, I highly suggest you check out Lobster, ME.
3	We were starving after a day at the pool and wanted something quick and easy. We happened upon Lobster Me under our hotel and decided we both wanted some lobster. I eat gluten free so I was hoping they would have a gluten free option with Lobster. They did in the form of the Lobster Salad. My partner got the lobster mac and cheese. Both were alright but not spectacular. The mac and cheese was oily. The salad had very little lobster for 15$.and an orange juice for 5$ was not very cheap.Cashier was very friendly.
2	Disgustingly overpriced, mediocre quality Lobster rolls.  Maybe Luke's Lobster has spoiled me in NY, but this place just offended me.If you hate your money,  eat here.Second star because, at least the lobster tasted fresh.
3	Lobsicle!!! I wasn't really into the tempura part but the tail with butter and lemon is still pretty tasty.
2	Overpriced for what it was, the counter service both times were really friendly but my boyfriends lobster Mac and cheese came out cold, not like it was sitting for a while, but cold like it came out of the refrigerator and wasn't microwaved long enough. They apologized and gave a full refund but it was a little disappointing.  My lobster roll was very meaty but definitely not worth the $$.  I'm sure this place will do fine either way though due to the uniqueness/ concept and the location.  I usually try to avoid the strip restaurants for the exact reason of being overpriced for mediocre food but its so convenient if your at the MM shops or PH.  If I'm on property again I'll probably go to Earl of Sandwich instead.
3	I had Lobster Me for brunch on our last day on the strip. I went with the Lobster & Eggs with Tater Tots.The eggs were okay, the lobster in them didn't really taste like anything. So that was pretty disappointing. The tater tots were fantastic, but you can't go wrong with tater tots :DWhat I did really enjoy was the Lobster Ice Cream! Maple Ice Cream with bits of Lobster? OMG! The sweetness of the maple and the salty of the lobster balanced each other out nicely. I'm not downing this place just yet over one dish. I do plan on trying something else next time I'm in the area and I'll definitely be coming back for the ice cream!
4	Ahhh the lobsicle !! I spotted this awesome place bc I was staying at the planet Hollywood and thank heavens I was blessed to spot this place ! I was so confused to choose from all the lobster menu but I ended up w the deep fried lobsicle and added the fries and drink for an extra $3.  They also offer free sample of lobster ice cream which I cannot resist. the ice cream wasn't too bad but when I spotted a big chunk of lobster meat in my ice cream I was kind of freaked out lol. so none the less, I threw out the ice cream. my lobsicle was absolutely delicious comes w a slice of lemon and sauce it was heavenly sent. Next time, I wanted to try the lobster spring roll and probably the whole menu! ;)
4	I love the concept. The ice cream was mostly vanilla tasting with an interesting texture of lobster, which WAS plentiful in it.The mac and cheese with lobster on top was delicious and a huge portion for $11.The service was polite and friendly, but the preparation time was a little slow, and I had to fight for a seat in this mall atrium. They could use a few more tables if the mall will let them have it. Especially since people buy buckets of beer there and sit in place for a few hours.I'd say though, spring for the lobster roll. It is worth the extra 5 bucks over the other things on the menu. I just like saying the word lobsicle. Can you blame me?
4	Ridiculous culinary experience at great prices.  The concept is just amazing.  I liken this to a food truck experience; gourmet but not formal.Jumbo Lobster Sandwich:  A+Fantastic value for the portion size.  Sauce was great, real HUGE chunks of lobster served over a toasted bun.  I will be back for this.  Granted its a bit pricey, but really its lobster.Lobster Ice Cream:  AI'll give an A because it tasted great, had real chunks of lobster in it, and was incredibly innovative.Lobster Mac & Cheese:  A-A little too cheesy; not as much lobster.Fries:  CMediocre at best.  Great fillerI'll be back here.  Also, its located right next to Fat Tuesday so you should grab one of those while you're at it.  PROTIP:  Great drunk food.
2	This place should be called Lobster Meh.  My friend and I were shopping at the mall and decided to try this place.  She is a lobster bisque connoisseur, but trying it was a disappointment.  It tasted of roux with a little lobster base. What it did have going for it was a lot of cryovac lobster pieces in it.  The lobster mac and cheese was alright, but void of any real lobster meat, although it was garnished here and there with some of the same lobster pieces they used in the bisque.   I ordered a long island iced tea and the cashier kept trying to push this fishbowl vessel on me.  I'm a local and I will not be seen walking around holding and drinking out of a fishbowl.  The drink was mostly sweet and sour mix  anyway.  Save your money and dine elsewhere as this place is highly overrated and overpriced.
3	This was my 4th time stopping at Lobster ME to see if they had any lobster ice cream and to my complete amazement, they did have some.  They were not out as they were the last three times.  I am persistent if nothing else.Since the place opened, I've been intrigued by the idea of lobster ice cream so I had to give it a try.  There is one serving size, a dish with vanilla ice cream with mixed in lobster pieces and a larger frozen piece of lobster as a topper.The ice cream was not very creamy.  It had a crumbly texture.  The lobster flavor was not evident until it warmed a bit--they opened a new 5 gallon container--so it was quite frozen.  Now and then, you get a piece of lobster that has a salty taste.  In the end, I rate this as just OK.  It's certainly worth a try once.  The prices here are high with the lobster ice cream being just under $10 including tax.  That's a lot of froyo at other places around town.  Considering that the cheapest lobster sandwich is $17, this is the least expensive lobster treat at this place.There are some round tables and I was able to people watch--one of my favorite hobbies on a Saturday night in Las Vegas.  The number of people buying their frozen yard and 1/2 yard drinks was funny.I'm sure I won't be back.  This was a one time try.  I'm just glad I was there once when they weren't out.
3	I love lobster and I only eat it on special occasions. When I walked past this quirky place me and my wife Sarah had to try it.  Pleasantly suprised. I had a virgin lobster bloody Mary shot. It was unusually good and the fried lobster on a stick was very er...... Er cheap and nasty BUT guiltily enjoyable. I would love to go back there. For a snack but I would never mention it in a posh formal dinner conversation cause it is so wrong (but nice) . . . . .  .i feel very confused. Like a parent with a ugly child. You know he/she is ugly but still love him/her. Does anyone understand me? Anyway I hope you find this useful?.
2	I really wanted to like this place, but it just didn't make the cut. First off, where do we eat?! Too many patrons, not enough tables! Second, the wait for the food was probably about 20-30 minutes. Kitchen seemed to be a bit unorganized, as I noticed like 10 or so tickets at the window! Now for the important part, the lobster... We ordered an original lobster roll, lobster mac and lobster grilled cheese. Unfortunately, we weren't really impressed! The lobster roll was inconsistent in flavor. Some bites were pretty good, others were eh. It was also pretty small! (should not be called "large"). The lobster mac was, sad to say... Bland and runny. Couldn't really taste the lobster and it looked like Mac and cheese, but the flavor of the cheese was almost nonexistent. Definitely would like it to be more creamy and rich. Finally, the lobster grilled cheese was actually the best of the three, but was far from phenomenal. The grilled bread was good but was mushy. It didn't have that crisp you expect from a grilled sammy. I told my girl, the best part of my meal was my beer. I read an earlier post about this place... It stated "if you don't like your money, eat here." I wanted to find out for myself, but about $40+ poorer, I definitely should have taken that yelper's advice! Don't say we didn't warn you!
3	I'm allergic to shellfish but I seem to also have short-term memory loss so I tend to forget about my allergies.  There are some things that are worth the risk...like skydiving.  I've always wanted to go to New England for some cheap and fresh lobster but somehow I end up going somewhere else.  So when Lobster ME opened over a year ago, I was excited.  It's located inside Planet Hollywood...across from Guess and next to Fat Tuesday.The food is good and they don't skimp on lobster meat. I've had their lobster rolls, lobster mac and cheese, lobsicle and lobster ice cream...oh no, I'm also lactose intolerant!  For watery ice cream mixed with lobster, it isn't worth the stomach ache. So, I can't say I'm a big fan of the lobster ice cream but I would commend Lobster ME for their boldness.I do really hope they'd get a bigger place with more tables.  That or invest in an electric fence to electrocute the drunk barely legal peeps from Fat Tuesday that are wasting good dining space.
2	The cajun lobster sandwich was tasty, a bit on the pricey side for the $17 portion (but then again, don't expect to get value anywhere in a Vegas hotel based establishment).HOWEVER, my major issue was sanitation training.  Shortly after receiving my order,  which granted is the not so busy time of day at 3pm. The back kitchen preparer came out front and started tossing around some plastic thing, and dropping it several times on the floor, and his hands with food prep gloves subsequently touched the floor,  he also touched his face and back of head a few times, while going back and then preparing someone elses order.  I think management needs to retrain the employees here on food handling & sanitation safety.
3	The food was decent, had better lobster stuff elsewhere for the same price honestly.Had the Lobster and Chips... They should consider using actual English type chips (steak fries) instead of french fries.  Also had the lobster mac n cheese; kind of bland honestly.  They gave me a free tasting of the lobster ice cream and that was interesting, but probably would never order a full scoop.All in all it's decent food, but for the same amount of money I rather eat elsewhere...
3	Located on the corner next door to Fat Tuesday, this restaurant is good for something different.  Lobster rolls come in two sizes - Large ($17) and XL.  They are served on a paper slip, similar to how a large hot dog might be served.  Sandwiches are cold, and I tasted most of the special seasoning only on the lobster claw that is laid across the side of the sandwich (see pictures I posted of the menu and large sandwich).  There are other flavors, but I had "The Original."My husband had the Lobster Grilled Cheese ($10).  He said it was pretty good.  It didn't look particularly big - about the same size as a regular grilled cheese sandwich - maybe a little thicker since the cheese inside was mixed with lobster.It was good, and while I understand the price a little since we're talking lobster, but it was still pricey in general.  I wouldn't say this sandwich would necessarily be a future craving for me.
3	Lobser ME is a Godsend if you're hungover and craving comfort food to soak up all the bad decisions you drank the night before while out on the town in Vegas.I came across this place on my last Vegas trip after my friends and I had just finished eating at Earl's. The lobster ice cream sample sort of lured us in, but they didn't have any at the time, so we figured we'd try it next time we were here. So on my most recent Vegas trip this past weekend, my best friend's boyfriend suggested we try this place out.  Lobster ME is located right next to the Fat Tuesday place, so a bit towards the middle of Miracle Mile. There are tables located in front of it, but keep in mind, this area can get packed so be prepared to fight for a table. While looking at the menu, I was pretty much drooling - lobster mac and cheese, lobster grilled cheese, lobsticle, different kinds of lobster rolls, and more. No joke, the lobster mac and cheese was pretty much calling out my name and saying "eat me nowwwwwww." Couldn't pass that up. I ended up ordering that, along with a side order of tater tots (if you've read my other reviews, you'd know that I loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee tater tots) and a drink. My total came out to be $17. My meal came out about 10 minutes or so later, freshly made, steaming with goodness. The bowl of mac and cheese itself doesn't look like much, since you pay the price of $10, but seeing that it is made with lobster, it's somewhat understandable. The mac and cheese was a bit bland in my opinion - like they should have added more milk or something to it since it tasted a bit watered down. The lobster was good though! No doubt about it. And since I was pretty much starving, I didn't really mind TOO much that it was a bit bland. Tater tots were awesomeeee. Crispy and hot - just the way I like them. Service was okay I guess. I mean, you just order and they call you up when your order is ready. Prices are a bit much, but it IS lobster. I was already expecting the prices to be around that much anyways. Overall, I'd give this place 3.5 stars. I probably would come back and try something else. I honestly would have ordered a lot, but I was saving my money for more debauchery.
3	Im a fan but I won't come back every time I'm in Vegas. The bread was yummy, the lobster was too but I didn't like the claw part, it was yucky. I got the XL cajun and my bf got the original XL, meat was a bit cold. XL for $23. I thought it was a bit pricey but I assume they sell it by weight, so idk.. Everything came out totaling $68 for lunch. (2 XL, fries, large drink and lobster mac & cheese - which was overrated.) And again, I thought it was pricey for lunch for just sandwiches. Will I be back? Maybe when lobster ice cream is available. For this trip, it wasn't.
3	I went out of my way to go to Lobster Me. I was eager to taste their lobster rolls, but was even more psyched to try their lobster ice-cream. Sadly, they were out of the ice-cream the day I popped by.Each lobster roll is available in 2 sizes, L and XL. We (my BF and I) both ordered the L size, we've heard about these rolls, they are already quite big, coupled with fries and a drink, that would be plenty!The lobster rolls were quite delicious, coming in on a brioche bun and served with 2 large claws on top. These rolls were super generous on the lobster! We both enjoyed the rolls, but the fries and taters tots were only okay. Yes, they had some spices on them, but my tater tots were undercooked and the fries weren't very crispy. Overall, I will be giving this lunch option a second chance, hopefully, at a time when the lobster ice-cream is available.
5	Lobster Me Yes!!! I Love it. 1st visit - XL Cajun Roll , Fries and a Drink. The Cajun roll was Devine.Stuffed Full Of Lobster and Packed full of Flavor.2nd visit - Lobster Mac and Cheese , Lobster Bisque in a Sourdough Bowl., 2 Lobsticles.Lobster Mac and Cheese good but could use more Lobster meat. Lobster Bisque yummy Yes .Lobsticles Heavenly - Lobster Tail on a Popsicle stick deep fried with a butter dipping sauce. Yummy.I'm a Fan wish we had one locally.
3	Gotta love Vegas. So much things to see & do that aren't available back home. Options are limitless really. So I just HAD to treat myself to a lobster roll. At $18.38 for a large it's pricey indeed. But they do give a lot of lobster so I guess the price is justified. Would I eat here again? Probably not, unless someone else is paying. But glad I got to try it out.If your going to make a meal out of this I'd suggest you get it with fries to fill you up. I only ordered the lobster roll & was hungry in two hours.Do wish they would put more tables out.
4	Lobster in a food court? Paint me red and call me skeptical.That's what I first said when I noticed the Lobster ME counter in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood. But I don't mind being proven wrong, as the missus (who is always right) will attest.Lobster ME serves what they bill as the "world's best" lobster roll, and having eaten my way through New England with a single-minded focus on that region's delectable seafood, I would say they're pretty darn close.Their Original Maine Style roll is served on a toasted brioche-style split-top bun packed full of delicious crustacean that is seasoned with just a hint of mayo and lemon, and their mix of spices. The missus had the Cajun version that was seasoned with a blend of Cajun spices and spicy butter. Both made the perfect lunch and were rife with savory but sweet lobster meat, with mammoth claws topping each sandwich.We elected for the combo that cost just under $20 each and was served with tater tots (or fries) and a soft drink. The tater tots were not spectacular, and were akin to what you might buy in a bag in your grocer's freezer aisle, but they were crisped to crunchy perfection.I would have tried the lobster ice cream that was also on the menu, but they were unfortunately out of it. I will, however, definitely stop by in the future when I am in need of a quick bite in this area: I would like to sample their lobster mac and cheese, and am somewhat tempted by the "lobsicle" (a fried lobster tail on a stick), but their breakfast menu and a promise of lobster and waffles really intrigues me.Lobster ME is located down the corridor from the Halo Bar towards the mall's south entrance, or just head straight down the south entrance past Earl of Sandwich and the PBR Rock Bar & Grill.They also offer free wi-fi: just ask them for the password, which they will print out for you on a register receipt.
3	Lobster me NOW!This place is located in the mall of Planet Hollywood right next to Fat Tuesday's. I walked by this place a couple times during my stay at the Elara, and finally decided to give it a try. The menu was simple.What I ordered:Cajun Lobster Roll - HOLY MOLY. This roll was worth the $20 (or maybe it was $17). They gives generous amounts of lobster and the spice is just fantastic. So much flavor bursting in my mouth, and it didn't overpower the lobster. Every bite was much too perfect with the buttery bun it comes on... wow. If you think $20 is too expensive for a roll, please keep in mind that IT IS LOBSTER... in a desert :PLobster Salad - Nothing to special about this salad. I wanted something healthy, but still try the lobster here. I ended up eating just the lobster and a few bites of salad, ha. Nothing too special about this one.Service was good and very friendly. A verity of beverages to choose from. Give it a try! You won't be disappointed :)
3	Oh, sure enough, I had the lobster in my mind to order. What else could it be but that's it, is what is the main item served in this place! Lobster, lobster, l-o-b-s-t-e-r! The succulent mighty of crustaceans!Browsing in the Miracle Mile Shops inside Planet Hollywood for the shopping adventure, this little eatery called "Lobster Me" got me intrigued to stop by and dine for my northeastern hunger for lobster, which is one seafood I favor. To lobster lovers, this may just be the place to dine ala fast food. A cozy group of tables and chairs are set up in front of this eatery, where I may add is a good place to just take a slow and easy time to eat and watch people, er shoppers, as they go passing by. A variety of 'World's Best Lobster Rolls' to choose from ranging from spicy, cajun, BLT, lobster with seafood, or the southwestern shrimp roll. The Lobster choices range from 'Large' to 'XL' ( Extra Large). Dish out less than twenty dollars for the 'Large' roll size of more than a pound of lobster meat while dish out over twenty dollars for about two pounds of lobster meat in the 'XL'. The "Original ME Style Lobster Roll" is the traditional Maine, New England sandwich. It looked mighty enticing as seen as a sample roll displayed behind the glass-walled food cubicle and so, it beckoned for an order of it. It's about a large lobster claw meat and chunks of lobster meat dressed with a dollop of mayonnaise and lemon in a spicy mixture on a slightly crunchy bread roll. Tasty! hmm,soar to New England! Should try "The Diablo" for the spicier tasty roll. aaah, dream of dripping in warm sea water! For soup cravings, there's the "New England Clam Chowder" or the "Lobster Bisque" soup. Ha, could be listening to ocean waves in the distance. Glancing up to the menu, find a cocktail 'Lobster Shooter' or 'Lobster Shooter with Vodka' or opt for the beer. Okay, so get that little seasick effect. If you are a late morning riser, fret not, because a Breakfast Menu is served as well...lobster with eggs, with waffle, with MEmuffin, with tater tots. That is coool! eat breakfast any time. There's lobster grilled cheese, lobster mac and cheese, lobster and chips, and 'The Lobsicle', that is lobster tail on a stick. Feeling like caught a lobster by a stick spear. Oh, there's salads and, and, ice cream. Yes, ice cream, I scream for it (in my mind, only, as you should know it, can't scare diners away, so can't really scream out aloud), the Lobster Ice Cream is a light creamy, slighlty salty tasting lobster chunkiness swathed in finely iced, milky tasting ice cream. That's it? Must I say any more, what else? but lobster in ice cream!  As landlocked is Vegas, so it is as seafaring into deep waters for a lobster dish which was just served as fast food. It didn't take me to a breezy, oceany lobster trap...aah, at least just for that moment.
4	I checked this place out in between work one time for lunch with a coworker. I couldn't believe there was an actual place with lobster rolls. I am a harsh critic because I frequent Boston, my original place of birth quite a bit and have had it fresh there. I ordered their Original Maine Lobster Roll with fries. I liked the presentation when the roll came out with the claws on the top of the toasted bun. The roll tasted great! It wasn't too seasoned, not too garlicy. The lobster meat was fresh and I will definitely go back to this establishment.
4	Crazy fat sandwich stuffed with lobster.  I was drinking at the time so this review could be slightly off.  Also I am not a huge fan of lobster but the people I was with were cause I left for 3 minutes and 80% of my sandwich was gone!  $20+ for the sandwich so worth a try but since I am not a huge lobster fan, I doubt I will go back.  So many great places to eat in Vegas.
4	Say the word lobster and I'm sold! Lobster Me you had me at Lobster ice cream...I know it sounds kinda weird that lobster can be mixed with ice cream but the crazy part is that it tasted pretty good. My cousins and I were walking the mall and I noticed the words Lobster ice cream free sample. So hey why not take a crazy chance and try something different. We ended up ordering it and we all shared. Of course it was $8.50 for a small ice cream but it was worth the try. The second time I came was to try the food; my bf and I decided to get the Lobster Mac n Cheese and the Lobster Bisque. Yum! The Lobster Mac n Cheese was not bad it could use a little bit more sauce. The Lobster Bisque was delicious especially in a bread bowl. I definitely want to come back here and try everything! Especially the lobster shooters, yes I said lobster shooters with Vodka!
4	Let's start with location..located inside the Miracle Mile Shops in PH.  Been to Miracle Mile a bunch of times and never noticed this place.  Got word from Yelp that this was a must try, so I came to try.Tested and Approved:-Lobster Roll Original:  Had the XL Lobster Original Roll.  Delicious, but expensive for what you get. But what are you to expect for lobster?  Thick pieces of lobster inside a buttery roll.  Perfect lobster claw to top it off.  This is a must try if it's your first time here.-Lobster Mac N Cheese:  I actually liked this better than their lobster roll.  Not too cheesy with a perfect blend of lobster pieces. -Tator Tots:  Mixes well with the Lobster Mac N Cheese. -Lobster Ice Cream:  To be honest, doesn't sound pleasing at all.  But not too bad, I just didn't taste any lobster since the pices are frozen.  I plan on trying other items on their menu.  Once I do, I'm sure to update my review. Cons:-It can be a hassle to come here.  I don't see myself going out of my way to eat here.  But if I'm in Planet Hollywood, Paris, or the Miracle Mile Shops, then it's on. -Seating: Tables are litterally the size of the serving trays.  -Price:  Lobster Roll, Lobster Mac, and Tator Tots.  Bill came to over $40.  Pros:-Lobster!!!  You have to try at least once then determine if it's for you or not.
5	Why the less than subpar reviews? I loved everything I got! We got the lobster mac and cheese, lobster shooter and the lobster roll ($20). All of this totaled up to be around 40 bucks, but we were so pleased when the meal came to our table. They serve hunky chunks of lobster in each order, but my favorite had to be the roll because of the mountain of savory lobster inserted into two buttery toast buns! Get's me so excited! Great shopping area and quality food in a to-go setting. I'm a fan!
5	This place is delicious. We got the XL original lobster roll. big enough to share. LOTS of lobster meat with 2 huge claws piled on top. The lobster is fresh and delicious.Lobster bisque is delicious too in a sourdough bread bowl.Oh and the lobster mac n cheese is to die for...!Everything is fresh and delicious! Yes, a little pricey, but the quality is worth it. Good portions too
5	Best lobster we've had in a long time!I think the key is to go there for breakfast and be the first ones in line. Everything you get is freshly cooked and it is definitely worth waking your ass up for even though you're hungover. We got the lobster mac n cheese, lobsicle, lobster roll, and lobster ice cream. Each dish was better than the next. Amazing!We are fans for life and we are already salivating just thinking of the next time we're in Vegas!
2	I was so excited to try this place after seeing all the photos. The reviews were mixed so I wasn't sure how I would like it. But if it has to do with lobster, I will definitely try it. Its located in the middle of the Miracle Mile Shops. The staff was friendly and helpful. The prices were high to me, in relation to how you could pay the same amount and go to a buffet with tons of seafood. I must say I was disappointed with my meal. I chose a large original lobster roll with fries and a drink which was $21.62. I love fries but not these.  The fries tasted more like fried batter than anything else. I opted for the original Maine style lobster roll  which is lobster served with a touch of mayo, lemon and secret spice blend on a 6 in New England style split top bun. The lobster was tasteless to me. I couldn't taste any flavor, not even the mayo. It just tasted like lumps of cold lobster and to me, lobster has to have some sauce or of course butter to enhance the flavor. Maybe I just didn't try the right dish, who knows. Unfortunately for this place, service doesn't keep me going back to a place (it does help of course) but the product itself does. I satisfied my curiosity but not my tummy.
5	Lobster here lobster there all i see is lobster.  This place is good but pricey but well worth it.  Get the lobster roll and mac and cheese they are amazing and you won't get disappointed
5	So good. My first experience with a lobster grilled cheese and it was amazing. Will be going back for sure next time I'm in Vegas
3	i like that everything here has lobster in it.  I was disappointed by the lobster roll though.  Sure it had tons of seasoned lobster on it, but that was the only positive.  It was rather bland and pretty dry.  The bread was boring.  It had a bit of spread on there (mayo I believe).  Then the cold and pretty drab lobster chunks on top.  Def. not my favorite.Luckily, I also tried the lobster mac and cheese.  While it didn't have much lobster chunks in it, it was still a solid, solid mac n cheese.  I'd probably come back for this and maybe get one of those lobster tails on-a-stick next time.Lastly, I tried the lobster ceviche.  Not much lobster, but a decent ceviche overall.  A bit sweet from the fruits in it, but the main complaint here is they only gave me 3 chips with it.  Kinda skimpy for a tiny $10 ceviche.Meh overall.
4	I got the classic lobster roll for $17. The lobster salad inside the roll was made up primarily of claw meat that was not to try. The roll itself was a thick piece of soft, buttery toast. Just the right amount of mayo. There's a reason this place has stuck around. If you love lobster you need to visit this place.
4	This place is located inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel/Casino in the mall area. I saw it last time i was there so this time decided to try it ok for one it's lobster so prices are going to on the expensive side. I opted for the maine lobster roll combo which is the lobster roll, fries and a drink total came out to about 21 bucks for the small size the larger size was like 25 bucks not including the combo I got the small which was 17 w/o the combo which is not worth it in my opinion but again it's lobster lol next time i'll try the lobster mac & cheese or the lobster bisque bread bowl those prices were a little better. Oh they also were advertising lobster ice cream but i didnt want to try it even though it was ice cream lol.
3	Good amount of lobster on the roll and the bun was nicely toasted. Definitely a bit on the pricey side though ($17 for a large,$24 xl) which prevented us from ordering about five of them each
2	XL lobster roll 23 bucks! It didnt taste fresh ( Frozen), and had to much Mayo. Although I really did like the Hot dog roll that was drenched in Butter and toasted to Perfection!
4	I liked it!  I have eaten Lobster rolls from a truck and this place charged a bit more but this sandwich was waay bigger.  I got the one for $17.  Not cheap.  So if you are a cheap bastard this place is not for you.  It was a good snack for me though.  I am not the expert with lobster rolls, but this one made me happy.  It tasted fresh, and lots of flavor.  It is perfect to snack on before your show so that you can get your occasional nourishment between your alcohol binging.
4	My wife and I were in Las Vegas recently, and I found Lobster Me at the Milennium Shops attached to Planet Hollywood by googling "Best Lobster Roll Las Vegas."  My wife is allergic to lobster, so I don't get a lot of lobster rolls at home.  Not that I could anyway - we live in San Diego, where good lobster rolls are hard to come by.  That's why I googled away - I had some time, and, having spent some time in Northern New England, I love a good lobster roll.  I tried "The Original 'Maine Style" lobster roll, which the menu describes as "Maine Lobster served with a touch of mayo and lemon and topped with our secret spice blend."  Additionally, the menu notes that "all rolls [are] served on our toasted, New England-style, split-top bun."   Big chilled chunks of lobster meat, perfect claw pieces on top, the mayo, the aroma of butter, the bun itself - it was great and it really hit the spot.Was this the best lobster roll I'd ever had?  No, but I'm in Las Vegas a lot more often that I'm in Maine, and this roll was exactly what I wanted.  This roll was also powers of ten better than what I can find in my home city.  I'm already looking forward to going back again the next time I'm in town.  Other items on the Lobster Me menu sounded great, including the other varieties of lobster rolls and especially the breakfast options, but I will probably get the classic Maine Style roll next time too.
4	Overpriced? Yeah...but it was good and most of Vegas is overpriced. RecommendBucket of import beersCajun season fries
3	Not bad but kind of pricey for a lobster roll, lets face it though, it's Vegas
3	A lot of what I liked about this place was the name.  So, well done.The food varied a fair amount:- The Diablo - Lobster roll with marinara sauce.  This was pretty good.  The sauce had some kick and it had big, meaty chunks of lobster.  It's very buttery and basically is a sandwich made with garlic bread.- Lobster Mac n Cheese.  This was okay.  There wasn't much lobster on it, and it was a little bland.- Lobster Ceviche.  I'm sorry, I thought this was terrible.  The ceviche had no flavor at all; it was thoroughly bland.  I literally tried one little piece and then didn't touch it the rest of the meal.In the end, it's kind of a fun idea, and is conveniently located by Fat Tuesday's, so it's an easy place to stop for a snack and a frosty beverage if you're wandering through the mall.  But, I would not seek it out on my own.
1	I guess I should have walked away when it seemed that everyghing I wanted to oreder was gone, but I decided to take a chance and ask the cashier what he would recommend. He directed me to the Lobster Roll, and albeit it being ok, It was sooo tiny I could not even enjoy it, an for $17 I would not recommend it to anybody
3	In Miracle Mile, right next to Fat Tuesday.Everything lobster. Great hangover food.Be daring and try the free lobster ice cream. It's surprisingly good.Cost:~$12-$25 depending what you get.What's good:- lobster mac n cheese --- really heavy, and cheesy - bread bowls looked deliciousNo bueno:- lobster rolls were very good. filled with big pieces of lobster, but small.
4	I have been trying to get to this place my last three trips to Vegas. I finally made it but I only had time to try the lobsicle. It was delicious - cooked perfect and served with warm butter.
3	Lobster butter and a roll. An expensive lunch. But your in Vegas so just go with it.
4	Honestly, all we wanted was to get a piece of lobster that wouldn't cost us an arm and a leg and that didn't require us to dress up .... that's how we like to roll sometimes.  Lobster ME seemed like a place that would fit our need and requirements perfectly, and I must say, after having experienced it. that it certainly did.It's an odd concept, to have a Fast Food lobster place.  Fast food and lobster doesn't seem like it should be in the same sentence, but these guys made it work.After peeking around at the menu and at other people's choice of foods, I decided to try the Lobsicle (lobster tail on a stick) and my husband went for the Lobster Mac and Cheese.  We also ordered a side of cajun garlic fries, just because they sounded exciting .... :)   The price was somewhere around $12 for each lobster dish and $4 for the fries.  Slightly above average when you consider the fact that it's fast food, BUT .... there's lobster involved, so even though it's cheaper than going to a lobster type restaurant, it will still be pricier than your average hot dog stand.The food came out quickly.  My lobster tail on a stick was battered and deep fried and was served with a cup of butter,  The batter was very tasty, on the sweet side and it complimented the lobster very well.  The lobster mac and cheese was DA BOMB! I never knew lobster and mac and cheese belonged together in the same bowl, but obviously I'm terribly mistaken because it was a pairing made in heaven!  The sweet lobster, the macaroni and the creamy cheese sauce ..... It was just a very, very good idea!The cajun garlic fries were tasty BUT ... do not eat if you're looking for a date or looking to score at some point that same day.  Just a word of fair warning.  The cajun spices provided a welcome kick, so we both enjoyed this side dish.  We'll definitely be back here for more lobster in the future.  It's a convenient and quick lobster fix that can fit in to anybody's budget, and so for what it is, I think it's a great idea and a great place to stop for food.  We didn't get to try the lobster ice cream, but it's on the agenda for next time ;-)
2	I was excited to try this... and quite disappointed to say the least. False advertisement of saying that this place had the "best" lobster rolls. I should of known... self-compliment is never good. Lobster Me, you are far from being the best, so stop saying you are! My friend and I got the Maine Lobster Roll and the Cajun Lobster Roll. Split it so we could taste both flavors. Unanimous decision that the Cajun tasted better since it was more flavorful.Everything about the roll was just meh to okay. Also, the rolls were really greasy, enough to be cringe worthy. I hate the feeling of excess grease on my finger tips, gahhh. I took a gamble and I guess I lost --this place is not worthy of your dollars my friend, on to the next.
1	Cold lobster on a roll
4	Lobster, lobster, lobster.  What can I say? Succulent, juicy, delicate meat. Better than fish meat.  Check.  Better than steak? Maybe not by too much.  One of my favorite spots for a quick lobster roll in Vegas.  Tuckered inside Planet Hollywood's indoor shopping center. The lobster meat are a bit cold on the rolls.  Which dives it down a star.  I like my meat temperature warm or slightly hotter than room temperature so I would know they're pretty fresh from the steamer.  I'm pretty sure they keep it refrigerated after peeling it off the lobster.  I had lobster mac and cheese, 2 lobster rolls and 2 lobster popsicles.  The lobster roll wins hands down. The mac and cheese was good but with very little lobster meat.  The other downside is the quantity of meat.  It's around 5 ounces for a small.  But what I enjoy about it must be the soft buttery bread that encases it.  So good.  My plans in Vegas was to eat mostly Steak and Lobster.  And this does not disappoint on my seafood scale.  Make sure you wash it down with a hefeweizen which they also have on tap.
4	I walked past this place on my way to dinner and thought, I could sure use a lobster snack later instead of ordering room service when I got back from a night out in "Vegas baby." I ordered the cajun lobster roll and carried it around after dinner for about an hour or so until I placed it in my fridge and then went out. When I cam back and broke that high-end munchie open... threw the roll in the microwave for a few seconds and put all the ingredients together as instructed. Yes, I had my roll deconstructed so as not to ruin the late night snack attack experience. It was perfectly spiced and the lobster was meaty as well as a really good amount for the price. I would make the journey back when in Vegas without question.
4	This place is right next to Fat Tuesday at Planet Hollywood. My boyfriend and I ordered the grilled cheese so I can only give a review on this one order. Based on this grilled cheese, I would love to try out everything else on their menu! I was skeptical as to how much lobster there really is in the grilled cheese but surprisingly, our sandwich had a lot of lobster! The sisters that work there are the funniest people too! They were so positive and they gave us recommendations. They cleaned up the tables pretty fast so other people can have a seat as they eat and they were all very accommodating which I very much appreciate.
3	I really had high hopes for this place. So let me start by saying I had the lobster fingers with garlic fries. Which I thought were really good. The reason for the three stars is mainly because I wanted lobster bisque and they were out and it was only 2pm in the afternoon how does a lobster place run out of lobster bisque?  Then the wait time was a little long I belive it took about 15-20 mins for my food to be ready. That being said I think next time I go downtown I would give this place a second chance.
1	be prepared for over seasoned and over cooked lobster..... Watery lobster bisque and flavorless bread. 40$ of nothing. Totally disappointed. Who puts oregano in a lobster roll?
4	Having grown up in New England, I know a good lobster roll when I bite into one.  This one harkened me back to Boothbay harbor with a side of mac 'n cheese and a cold brewski.  At $ 17 for the 4" lobster roll and $ 23 for the 6" roll, this place isn't cheap but it is comfort food at it's near best.  Only thing that could improve is the setting.  You are literally sitting at a table just off the main aisle of the often noisy Miracle Mile Mall that encircles the Planet Hollywood Casino.  Trust me, this is not a picnic table on the coast of Maine.The rolls are filled generously with only lobster meat - non of those celery or breading fillers...just a touch of butter and mayo to add to the flavor.  You always get the meat from two claws on top every 4" roll and three or more on the 6".  The roll is classic New England - cut on the sides unlike a standard hot dog bun and toasty warm from the grill.  It contrasts nicely with the cold lobster meat.When in Vegas, Lobster Me will definitely fill the bill and put a smile on your face.
3	Not the best lobster rolls, but it was a lobster roll none the less.  It's super expensive (I know, it's because it's on the strip) and it's a decent roll so if you're craving one (like I was at the time) then just go for it.
5	As a man from MA one bite and I am home
3	As a true foody. I think fast food lobster does not gel well. Like reading a book in a rain storm........ But to my surpise it was actually very good I mean the bloody mary lobster shot was interestingly tasty and the lobster lolly pops are very nice. Price is about right. Conclusion- try it people and be surprised. Very surprised.
2	I got the The Original and it was just ok. A little heavy on the seasoning and mayo, and just overall nothing I'd jump for joy over. It wasn't bad, but considering the price I'd probably leave it at that... not bad. Unfortunately I also chomped down on a big piece of lobster shell, that was mixed in with the roll, and hurt my tooth. That made the overall experience nothing I'd return for.
4	Went there tonight for dinner, ordered the traditional lobster roll which ran me $23, was filled with tasty lobster meat, my very first one so have nothing to compare it to, enjoyed it but it was kind of pricey, this place is located in the Miracle Mile Shops next to Planet Hollywood Casino, which is a pretty cool mall as malls go.
4	Stopped here for convenience since it was close to my hotel and on the way back. Ordered the lobster fish and chips, which came pretty fast and was a quick option. At 13 bucks...it's also not too bad of a price, especially for lobster! Being in Vegas, I wouldn't expect good lobster/seafood at all due to the fact that the place is in the middle of the dessert, HOURS away from places to catch fish and fresh seafood. This lobster was pretty bomb though and there were pretty decently sized chunks of meat within the fried pieces of lobster. The main thing I disliked was the location. You basically eat out on the tables in the middle of the walkways in miracle mile and there was no secluded seating area strictly for the restaurant.
5	Wow! For a counter service mall type venue, I was delighted to find such a tasty lobster mac n cheese.  The prices are indicative of it being a lobster dish, but when you want something fast I am so glad to find alternatives to the traditional fast food joints.  This is definitely convenient to Miracle Mile shoppers or to Planet Hollywood guests who don't want to walk too far or drive.Sometime this week I will hit them up for breakfast to try the Lobster and Waffles.DT
5	Having never been to Maine, this is THE best lobster roll I've ever had. My friends and I go here every time...and I mean EVERY time...we are in Vegas. Sometimes more than once in a week. I've tried the butter, the mayo and the diablo. The straight lobster and butter is my fave. They'll even warm it up if you ask.I've tried some of there other menu items but nothing is as good as that lobster roll. It also gets bonus points for being right next to Fat Tuesday. You really can't lose with this one.
4	Lobster Roll on fire!!'I secretly wanted to go back and order another roll to stuff in my purse for later, but I didnt want anyone to to judge me ;-/
2	Great servers!  The funky, skinny redhead gal was awesome. Great customer service. The lobster roll was okay. The bread overpowers the flavor & taste of the lobster. The taste of the bread was very good but I just couldn't taste the sweet, succulent lobster. $17.00 for great bread?  Fool me once; same on you. Fool me twice; same on me. (I won't be fooled twice).
5	Lobster on a stick! Really what more can I say to sum it up. My husband and I dined at Lobster Me after reading about it on Yelp. As others have said, it was a bit pricey but again we're talking about Lobster here folks! The place is located in the Mile of shops next to the Planet Hollywood hotel/casino. Suite #435. I had the Lobsicle. Which was basically an amazing huge chunk of lobster fried on a stick. I also upgraded to the cajun fries, which honestly I don't remember how they were because I was in Lobster Heaven. The husband ordered the Maine Lobster Roll which was a toasted buttery roll with huge Maine Lobster claws in it. The lobster was cold, which was a bit unexpected, but who knows maybe that's how it's supposed to be? He also had the garlic fries but I believe he didn't eat them because that huge Maine Lobster roll filled him up! We also ordered a bucket of beer, because well, it's Las Vegas! All together our total was $56 and worth every cent. I can't wait until our next annual trip back to Vegas. Lobster Me is going to be one of the first stops, perhaps before even checking in! Yeah, it's that good.
4	3 words: Lobster Mac N Cheese. Jesus H. heaven in a bowl for sure. It's a little pricey but it's lobster and it's vegas. A great easy place to get a snack, meal and a drink (where CAN'T you get a drink in vegas?)  It's in the middle of Planet Hollywood Mall so it's a convenient location for where I usually stay (cosmo)
2	Meh. Not at all what I was expecting.  It's in the Miracle Mile shopping center.  So expect a mall food court atmosphere, which means lots of Vegas tourists, strolling by slack-jawed, making noise and being obnoxious.  Your food comes on plastic plates with packaged plastic ware, fountain drinks in styrofoam cups or bottles.  Food was good, but it's location leaves a lot to be desired.  I am unsure if this is a chain restaurant but it sure feels like it.  I thought Bubba's Shrimp Company had better food, and lobster bisque.  If you are doing Vegas and eating on the run, this place is right up your alley.  If you are looking for a good sit down eatery, keep looking.
4	Checked on Yelp before our trip to Vegas for lobster rolls and found Lobster Me. It's in the Miracle Mile Shops by Planet Hollywood. It's not a sit down restaurant but they do have some tables to sit at after ordering. They were all full when we got there but one opened up after we ordered.There was no line and while we were checking out the menu a worker came out from behind the counter and welcomed us, explained the menu and told us what were the popular items. She was really a big help. We ordered the 4" lobster roll, lobster grilled cheese and lobster bisque. First time eating a lobster roll and it was awesome. Bite after bite, mouthful of sweet lobster meat! Seems like just mayo and some light seasoning but it's good! Grilled cheese was not as impressive. Lobster was overpowered by the cheese.Lobster bisque in sourdough bowl was good, tasty. Maybe a little more lobster would of been better.We did share just to try everything, but next time I'm getting my own lobster roll! The six incher! Can't wait to go back!
3	I was really excited to try this place out!After attending a pool party and walking around the strip, my friend and I finally decided to stop by here for a quick bite before returning to the suite. It is conveniently located inside the Miracle Mile Shop next to the Fat Tuesday! FOOD--------------------- Cajun Lobster Roll (cajun spices, lemon, butter, and seasoned mayo) - I ordered this one because I wanted something spicy! I made a great  choice because I really liked the spice and the seasoned mayo, but the lobster meat was a bit dry... The size of the lobster roll isn't something to rave about!- Original Lobster Roll (Mayo and lemon with their house spice blend) - My friend ordered this. I tried and it was just OKAY!- Garlic Fries - VERY GOOD AND TASTY! It's really worth it!- Lobster Bisque - We ordered this for our friend, and she said it was good!Overall, Lobster ME is GOOD. I don't think it's worth $18/roll but I'm just glad I crossed it off my list. It's not something I'd eat every time I'm in Vegas! I must say though that the customer service is great here! The girl who helped us knew the menu very well! And she was very engaging with every customer! Kudos to her!
2	After going to Fat Tuesday...for about the 6th time in one day....we decided to have a snack at Lobster Me. I ordered the Lobster Grilled cheese. Now. I'm not a huge fan of fish or lobster, but the thing about lobster is, it's not supposed to be fishy. The lobster in the sandwich was really fishy and just didn't taste fresh. I had about 4 bites of the first half of the sandwich and my husband had the other 3 or 4 bites. When I offered him the other half...well...he declined LOL.I gave the other half to my friend and she ate it...and seemed to moderately enjoy it I guess.The wait was also SUPER LONG...like perhaps they had a nice lagoon in the back to actively catch the lobster...of course, they should have tasted fresher if that was the case. I won't return.
3	Yay, I finally get to cross "Lobster Me" off my list of spots to try on the strip!  It's located conveniently next door to Fat Tuesdays, so this could be a good place to grab a bite before those icey dranks.The Seafarer Lobster Roll (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-las-vegas?select=k8BD5TlnoDu7V5nB5-ra5A#cV_H97p1lnoZOclyl1LJ1g) caught my eye because it had some veggies mixed in with the lobster.  (Lobster and seafood salad with mayo, cucumber, celery and green onion).  I like how the roll is buttered and toasted, but I wish there was more lobster in the roll! I was expecting big chunks of lobster but instead got minced pieces of lobster.  I'll definitely get a bigger roll next and share a few items with some friends. Altogether, it was alright-- not sure if i will ever be craving this though.
1	I was looking forward to this place, the fries were cold, the losbter meat was not tender, it was expensive and set up like a fast food place, the losbter Mac and cheese came in a very small and  came in very small container, not wroth the money
1	When I saw this place, I got excited. I live in SoCal and the only time I can get my hands on lobster rolls is when the Cousins Maine Lobster Truck or the Lobsta Truck are in my city.I ended up buying a lobster roll with a soup, and it came out to $28. By being that pricey, I thought it better be good (especially since lobster rolls from the lobster trucks are $12-$13). So I finally take a bite and I was surprisingly disappointed. I love me my lobster rolls, but this just didn't meet my expectations.Sorry, but if this were a food truck, I wouldn't follow.
4	Got the lobster bisque and tator tots. The tots were outstanding and even though I'm not really a lobster fan the bisque was quite tasty. Good value for the price.
4	The lobster roll was actually pretty good. The lobster was a little cold, which I wasn't expecting but still good. The Cajun lobster roll was a little spicy for me, but I ate most of it. It's a little pricy but they do offer a local discount.
4	Warning up front, if you haven't had a real lobster roll in Maine, you will NOT understand the value of these rolls.  You will probably think they are too expensive and not filling. Now for those of us who have pulled our cars over in Maine and ordered a lobster roll from the many roadside eateries, we will understand how WONDERFUL it is to find one that is so spot on and in Western US.  Let alone in the desert.  LOLThe first and foremost thing you need for one of these rolls is the bread.  I promise you, you will not find it out here.  You have to bring it in from the East Coast.  Then you need Maine lobster and Lobster ME has it ALL.  If only I could smell the Atlantic I would have been transported back to beautiful Maine and all the lovely ways they know to prepare lobster.I have had the traditional roll and the bacon lobster roll, both were excellent.  To be honest I was not crazy about the lobster mac n cheese, but as I have said in other reviews, I make THE best lobster mac n cheese so I am biased.  Having said that, no lobster mac n cheese was left in the dish.Lobster ME will also give you the option of having your lobster heated up before being placed on your roll.  I prefer mine cold, but if you do not like cold protein go ahead and have them heat it up for you.Now grab a beer and savor your sandwich.  I know I will every time I'm in Vegas.NOTE:  There is free valet parking in the garage, all you have to do is tip them.  So getting in and out of here is a breeze and won't cost you much.
4	I dream of the Lobsticle. Sounds gross, looks expensive, but if you LOVE lobster, and HATE cracking it open and digging it out, it's literally a RESTAURANT grade lobster piece you can just stick in your mouth. I thought for sure it'd be a junky grade seafood, but it was AMAZING. The lobster mac n cheese will surely make you die early from the oil and cholesterol but it was quiet tasty I must say.
4	Unexpected to see a lobster place in Las Vegas. I never thought I would actually want soup in the ridiculous heat but with the help of casino air conditioning.... Soup seems the most logical choice.  I loved their lobster bisque and the sourdough roll was so excellent because it was toasted!I still don't know why the wait for lobster bisque is forever though. Also got their lobster mac and cheese and the meat is so sweet and good. I probably should add... I never really had lobster before. Either that, or I have it so infrequently that I forget the taste, but I thought this was pretty good.
4	Been a regular at Earl of Sandwich everytime I stay at Planet Hollywood but wanted to venture out to see what else was around. Lobster Me is close by, next to Fat Tuesday. Their menu is amazing, everything lobster in all kinds of variations! I wanted to try everything, but I just got a lobster roll cajun style. Boy is it spicy, but very good. Quite expensive for a sandwich/roll, $25, but that's what you can expect with lobster. I'll definitely be back to try other items on the menu that caught my eye, like the lobster mac n cheese and lobster bisque.
5	Within a month, I go to Vegas twice. And within these two times, I go to Lobster Me every time. It's like the place to go for a quick lobster fix. For the price, you get your lobster's worth! First time I went with my bf and a couple friends. My bf orders the Lobsticle (Fried whole lobster tail). It was GOOD. Like, straight up lobster. Especially with the butter, oh man... As for myself, I order the Lobster and chips. It's basically similar to the Lobsticle except smaller pieces. One thing I really enjoyed with both the order was the batter. It was really fresh and wasn't too greasy. My second experience was my 3rd day before EDC. I order the Lobster salad because I was craving something fresh and light. I think I made an excellent choice. The lobster and salad worked really well together. On the other hand, my bf orders the Lobster Grilled Cheese. Although I did not take a bite out of his, according to him, he was full after the first half of the sandwich. He was also pretty sick of the taste (too cheesy especially with lobster together). My other friend orders the Lobster and Shrimp Ceviche. The ceviche was pretty small, but for the chips they gave a lot ... In conclusion: I really like this place. I was not expecting an actual lobster place in the mall of Planet Hollywood. The price isn't bad considering it's Vegas. The amount of lobster they gave you is enough to compensate for the price. Also, props for this place being right next to Fat Tuesday. I will come here again and again every time I'm at Vegas :)***Sunday special: Bloody Mary $2 for any Lobster purchase. Bf says it was one of the best Bloody Mary he's had.
1	Disappointing ! to say the least. The bisque was watery with no lobster pieces and the lobster salad was small with a vinegarette salad dressing that ruined what was poor to begin with. I usually try to give places the benefit of the doubt but I was truly disappointed in this spot as a former New Englander.
4	I only came here because the line for Earl's sandwich was out of this world. I am glad I was able to try this place. We got the lobster mac and cheese which was pretty good. The cheese was not overwhelming and had a good decent about of lobster meat in it.  We also got the Lobster roll which was also pretty good but I felt it was lacking in the sauce.PS. try the apple beer if you like apple juice! It tasted just like apple juice except you get buzzed!!
2	I was SUPER excited to try out Lobster Me after my friend had Instagrammed pictures of his lobster rolls while in Vegas. It just so happened to be right next to the Fat Tuesday line so my girlfriend and I had to give it a try. We ordered the Cajun roll after asking the register girl's opinion and it came out to ~$25... Most expensive sandwich I've ever purchased. But my girlfriend reasoned that it WAS lobster so I bit the bullet and waited it out. MAJOR disappointment! First off, the large size is only 6 inches. 6 INCHES. I could buy 5 Subway foot-longs with the money I spent on this dinky roll! To be fair, it was absolutely stuffed with lobster meat and 3 claws on top but the meat was COLD. I was appalled. Probably my fault that I didn't ask the waitress if it was going to be a hot or cold sandwich but I didn't know that cold lobster sandwiches were a thing. If I were to come here again, I would order a non-roll item like the tater tots or the mac and cheese because the roll was WAY underwhelming and WAY too much for my wallet. Side note: A guy fainted face first on the tile floor and banged up his chin while waiting in line behind me. Not sure if it was from the sky-high prices or heat exhaustion and dehydration from his Fat Tuesday. Either way, be sure to mentally prepare yourself for these menu prices!
5	omg... idk why I never found this place before I love lobster so it was right up my alley! I got lobster grilled cheese. I just thought I died and went to heaven.. it was unbelieveable.. the lobster ice cream was great too.. ill deffinitly be back when I come to vegas!!!
1	I wanted to go to the Earl of Sandwich but the line was too long, just like it was last summer. So we settled for this place because it looked good. The clam chowder bowl was pretty good. My boyfriend said the shrimp tacos were okay. I got the lobster and waffles. DON'T get this. First of all, the waffle turned out to be a pancake. Then the lobster pieces were covered in so much batter. The batter tasted like grease and the lobster was chewy. This was a very disappointing and expensive meal.
2	Every time I've been to Vegas, I have always wanted to try this place. I am a huge seafood fan especially lobster and seeing their poster "Lobster Ice Cream" definitely enticed me. NOT because of the lobster flavored ice cream but the idea that they were serving everything-lobster. We were so desperate to figure out something to eat really quickly that wasn't fast food so this place was going to do the job. EH. Honestly BIG BIG waste of money! I got a Lobster Salad which was $15...I expected something bomb. When the salad came out it was literally the size of a fast food salad you can get from like Carl's Jr or something. The only good thing about it was, yes, their big pieces of lobster. Other than that this was not worth it! The people working were nice though. Their lobster rolls sounded good but after looking at the photos....all they do is drench mayo all over the lobster? gross. Never eating here again! Not worth it.
4	I never really ate lobster until I came here and ate the lobster roll. It was really good. I would have prefered it warm but it was served cold but still good. The garlic fries were out of this world. There aren't too many seats here, especially because a family of what seemed like 100 pulled all the chairs together. But this experience made me really enjoy lobster- plus I was tipsy and tired of eating rice from Panda Express.I haven't had lobster since because I only want the roll from here.
3	I love lobster rolls, and my friend recommended the Cajun lobster roll at Lobster Me when I told him I was going to go to Las Vegas over the weekend. While walking around the mall in Planet Hollywood, we decided to pop by Lobster Me and try out the Cajun lobster roll. We got a combo with French fries and a drink. The lobster roll was only okay -- the bun was toasted, which was good, and there wasn't too much mayonnaise but there was a heavy dusting of some Cajun spices and scallions on top of the lobster roll. The meat went from very bland to overspiced from all the spices in two different bites. It was weird. The fries were also only okay, but nothing to write home about. The drink machine ran out of ice, which happens, but it didn't improve my impressions of this place, because we desperately needed something cool to drink after inhaling all the spices on our lobster roll. I'm not sure if we'll have the Cajun roll again, but I wouldn't be averse to trying some other items on the menu.TIP: Free samples of lobster ice cream?? I didn't get any, since they were closing up, but maybe...
3	Interesting food creations, using lobster in sandwiches, salad, fried food, and ice cream!  However, the foods in fact tasted just A-OK and prices were sorta steep.  $23 for a 6" lobster roll was pricey, I think.  The lobster salad came with lots of small chunks of lobster meat and was good for the price.  Lobster bisque was just standard.  Lobster-n-chips was cool though! Beer-battered and fried lobster huh? Yummmmm~  Last but not least, the lobster ice cream that sounded out of the ordinary was actually vanilla ice cream with itsy-bitsy lobster meat.  The ice cream tasted alright but was worth a try!  Just ask for a free sample before you buy, so as to make sure that you would like some savory ice cream that tastes like seafood. *wink*
2	Stopped by and gave this place a try. I like lobster so figured I'd like anything this place had for sale. I was wrong. Apparently I"m not a fan of cold lobster on a bread roll. The meal was well over 20 dollars for a small cold sandwhich which I actually found barely edible. Some fries and a coke...no refills.There isn't much room to sit here and the staff could have been friendlier.I won't be back.
1	So as my girls and I were waiting 4 our table @ burGR, we decided to walk around and we were hungry and looking for a snack.  We came upon this place.Lobster ice cream.  I'm a HUGE fan of lobster (thanks BOSTON!) So we ordered a lobster and chips. . . it was over battered and fries were over cooked.The only good thing was the margaritas.  Service sucked.  Young girls with attitudes, rolling their eyes @ us.This will never be as good as the ones in Boston.
2	I don't know. Passing by this place on the way to Planet Hollywood, I thought that this place sounded pretty bomb. We decided to stop by this place to order some food to take back to our hotel, and I didn't really feel like getting a sandwich or anything, so I ordered the cevice and chips, and also their lobster bisque. I spent $20, which I suppose I expected for ordering lobster, but the quality of the food was sub-par. I kinda chuckled when I opened the container for the cevice, and there was the cevice in a small soup container with a few lonesome chips. I probably can safely say this was my least favorite cevice I've ever had... Didn't taste that great, the chunks were too big to pick up with their flaky chip, and it just looked un-appetizing. Oh, and I tried a sample of their lobster ice cream.. Just tastes like vanilla icecream with random chunks in it. Probably wouldn't actually purchase it ever.
2	My girlfriend's and I were walking around Planet Hollywood waiting for our table at BurGR, and we were starving, so we decided to grab a snack at this place. I loved that they had a lot of different lobster dishes, and so we decided to try the lobster & chips. As I was waiting in line, the girl at the counter didn't call me over to tell me it was my turn, instead, just gave me a look, like, are you ready yet? Um, yeah, I'm waiting in line. The register tape ran out of paper, so she went to get some more, acting very obviously annoyed with it and slamming it down. We decided to wait at the bar adjacent to the register, since all the smaller tables were taken. The bartender brought out my beer, with the cap on, placed it in front of me and walked away. Excuse me, the cap is still on. She says, oh, it's a twist cap. So I ask her for a napkin so I can twist the cap, and she says never mind, and proceeds to twist the cap for me with an attitude. I'm sorry, don't bartenders typically twist the cap off your beer for you when they serve it? The lobster and chips was good. I liked the light batter around the lobster, but would have definitely liked more than 7 pieces for $13. We also sampled the lobster ice cream, not sure what to make of it, but I didn't really get it. I was so disappointed with the service that I don't think I'll be back.
4	If you like Lobster, you will like this spot. Very unique foods all with lobster twists. Sort of pricey, but hey its lobster. Definitely worth a try. Had the lobster sandwich and it was pretty good. Next time I will try the other dishes.
3	I only had their lobster roll and cajun garlic fries. Some other people had received their food before us and were complaining that their bread was cold. As soon as our bread arrived I touched it and it was cold. We sent it back and got it toasted a little longer. Overall not bad, if you've never had lobster roll in Boston before. But I've been spoiled. You get a lot of lobster but it just isn't the same. It's better than the lobster rolls in LA but definitely does not compare to Boston. Sorry Vegas, I guess this is one of the few food items you can't replicate. The cajun garlic fries were good. :) But not enough garlic. :(
4	Best garlic fries I've had....yes better than AT&T Park.  Lobster bisque in sourdough bread bowl was so tasty and not too salty.  Cold lobster roll with spicy butter sauce was yummy as well.  And $4 for an alcoholic beverage in Vegas that wasn't even happy hour?  Hell yes.
5	Lobster Me, please!I go here every time I'm in Vegas, which is once or twice a year. I can never decide between  the lobster grilled cheese (yum) and my fave - lobster mac&cheese (deeeeelish!), but the mac&cheese always prevails. I've had a sampling of their lobster ice cream and lobster bisque, which I wasn't feeling. Next time, I'd like to try their lobster roll (but for $22 - yikes!). Definitely a great place for lobstah lovers.
5	This place! Is so good! I love it! First time in Vegas and this was pretty dank! The smell of their food was so mouth watering, the employees were really friendly and it was quick service. It's a bit pricy, then to what i usually eat but it was worth it.* Their lobster bisque! * Their lobster and fries!* Even my girlfriend loved their LOBSTER ICECREAM! (Free samples)* Their Bloody Mary was pretty good too!!I'm craving it SOOO bad right now and I'm not sure if they have this in California haha (:YUUUUUUUMMMY!
3	As much as I love lobster, I really think this place is overpriced. I was really excited to try their lobster ice cream, but when you think about it - it's really just bits and pieces of lobster with vanilla ice cream. There's just nothing really "spectacular" about that.The lobster bisque was all right. It came with a bread bowl - but it just didn't impress me that much. As for the lobster on a stick - the lobster is deep fried but not that big. The staff was nice and friendly, however just be aware of the fact that you're paying more than necessary.
2	great idea but this place won't last. way overpriced, ridiculously small portions and not enough tables for their diners. You're telling me I just spent $40+ and there's nowhere to sit to eat it? It's gimmicky and I've been to similar places that are much better all around (see my review for Slapfish). lobster me once, shame on me, sorry, don't lobster me again peeps
4	expensive but good. they actually give you lobster claw pieces in their lobster roll. skip the lobster bisque.  Not worth it. just go to earl's and get a cup of chicken noodle instead.i got the cajun garlic fries! amazing but didnt give enough.  I wouldnt go out of my way to get it since earl's is down the way for 1/4 of the price!
4	Lobster in casino shops equal a great snack and tourist stop.Lobster me is located in the planet hollywood casino million mile mall. A great little shop in one of the center spots. Quick service is always great when entertaining with little ones. Lobster tots n fries is a good value and big portion for two to snack on when walking the "mile". If you have more time order the bisque in a breadbowl or the lobster mac for a good heaping lobster portion. Will be back.
4	I only tried the lobster Mac and cheese and garlic Cajun fries and it was pretty bomb! Will come again to try the other stuff :)
5	this place is yummy!  I've been craving a lobster roll ever since moving west from the east coast and the lobster roll here is delicious!Their lobster mac n cheese is also VERY good. Their cajun garlic fries are soooo good and just the right amount of crispy.  Relatively expensive, but then again, it's Vegas and it's lobster.
2	Inside the Planet Hollywood!  Lobster on a stick...what could be better? However i am not a fried food lover...also it looked more like larger shrimp than a lobster tail. $14.95 for one piece...i can do without =/
5	The lobster roll is killer. Stars just for the roll.
4	I have to admit, I was pleasantly surprised. I'be never been a huge fan of lobster, but I thought what the heck? What not? My bf and I shared a large original Maine lobster sandwich. I think the size has to do with the the about of lobster, because the bun was small, but lobster was overflowing! It was a super delish sandwich. We also got a side of their Cajun garlic fries. They were a little spicy for me, but still good. Refills on soda until 11pm. The whole meal cost is 30 bucks. That seems to be the average for food here.
4	Lobster Ice Cream...say what? Yes I tried it and yes it was good. Sweet ice cream with chunks of lobster.This place is pretty easy to find, its in the Miracle Mile next to Fat Tuesday.  I think its reasonably priced considering its the strip. We got the mac n' cheese, the grilled cheese, and the shrimp tacos.The shrimp tacos were not good - too spicy with little pieces of shrimp. Serves me right for eating shrimp at a lobster place. The tacos are the reason I couldn't give it 5 stars.The mac and the grilled cheese were right on the money. So good. I wanted to lick the mac and cheese container clean but then I'd just look like a pig. =PThe line is hit or miss meaning it could be short or long depending if all the partiers are awake.Next time we're in Vegas this is one of the places I will be hitting up again.
3	It's ok. The tables they have are awful but the food is decent avoid the $8 "garden salad" aka small $1 house salad. Lobster grilled cheese was tasty.
4	So now that I've been to New England, I'm writing a more fair review. I've more respect and appreciation for Lobster ME. They've changed many things since the last time I've been here. New menu items! The freezer in front where they house their lobster ice cream is now in the back. That ice cream was the reason I fell out of love for this place.Price-wise, it's inexpensive for the amount and quality of lobster you get on their lobster rolls...and you're saving money for not having to take a trip to New England! They'll charge you the same price for a lobster roll in New England anyway. $17 for a regular Maine-style lobster roll or $23 for large. But wait, if you're local, you get 20% off! The bun on the lobster roll is buttery and toasted. Generous amounts of lobster with large claws on top. From their new menu, I tried garlic fries. It was very garlicky, yum! And now the Benadryl is kicking in...can't write anymore. Zzz...
5	A fast food style Lobster Roll restaurant hiding in PH Miracle Mile Shops!So I presume you are coming here for Lobster right??  How do the rolls compare to the ones I've tried in Boston/Maine recently?Here's what I ordered : "Maine Style" Lobster Roll ($17): Touch of Mayo, Lemon, and Secret Spice Blend. This is very good! More seasoned than the ones I've had on the East Coast, but very flavorful with sweet and tender Lobster! The others I have tried are all pretty simple and plain...just butter and maybe a touch of mayo.  You don't need much more than this to have a great roll!  But Lob ME does a nice spice/rub on their lobster, that adds a great taste to it, without being too distracting.  I saw they also have a cajun rub, which might be good...gives me a reason to come back and try it!It might feel a little expensive at first, but these are actually cheaper than most places on the coast (avg was $20-25), even during lobster season!!  The fact that it is located in the center of the strip as well, makes the price seem very fair IMO!Check it out and see for yourself :)Pic :
5	So maybe the girl behind the counter flirted with me a little but the food was "DA BOMB" my maine lobster was so good I had to go back and take one to go. even if I have Gout that pain was worth every bite.
5	So, after a so-so experience at Serendipity 3 and a walk up and down The Strip, we found ourselves at Plant Hollywood's Miracle Mile shops and there before us was Lobster Me. So, instead of dessert we had one of their lobster rolls and this so delicious. The bun toasted perfectly with the right amount of butter, the lobster excellently prepared and just the right amount stuffed into the bun. and we liked it with the Angry Orchard Hard Cider - what a pairing!! Service was very nice also. Wish there was a So CA location.
3	Though I personally couldn't see myself paying 18 bucks to eat a lobster roll, I tried the grilled cheese and it was pretty solid after doing some drinking earlier. My brother got the BLT lobster roll and left satisfied.
5	The lobster & chips was magically delicious.I'm usually the person to ask for extra butter to drown my lobster in but there was no need here. The lobster was lightly breaded and perfectly tender. It was amazing amazing amazing. I'm kind of a fry snob but I loved the fries also.Have a feeling I'll be eating here on my birthday because I'm also addicted to lobster.Eat here!!
4	You actually get alot of lobster for the money; very little filler unlike most places.I think all in all a good value and a must if you're into lobster, good rub on the "classic" roll.
3	For our second visit here, we ordered many things:  lobster and chips, lobster and waffles, lobster bisque, cajun fries and the original lobster roll.  The original lobster roll wasn't as memorable as the first time we ate it.  The lobster roll was overflowing with lobster.  I really liked the waffles and the lobster bisque though.  The waffles were soft and delicious.  The lobster bisque was superb also, served in a bread bowl.  We were beyond stuffed and will probably come back again.
3	Lobster ME is a decent mall choice for lunch or dinner, but expect to pay for it.  That being said, it is lobster, which is not a cheap ingredient, and it is the Las Vegas strip, which has fewer and fewer bargains these days.  On my last trip to Lobster ME, I had the Cajun lobster roll with tater tots.  It's a decent size roll (the large) with the requisite buttery split top crust.  But, the lobster was overcooked, it wasn't tough, but it was getting close.  It certainly wasn't succulent, which properly prepared lobster is.  I liked the spice on the roll, and it's stuff full, so the amount is not an issue.The tater tots are okay, better than say, Sonic, but just okay.  The entire meal is $27, which again, I don't think it's worth.  However, as noted above, I understand that lobster is not cheap and I don't expect to find value in a mall on the Las Vegas strip.  You can certainly do a lot worse if you are looking for a quick meal on the strip, but don't expect to be blown away at Lobster ME.
3	i do get that most lobster rolls are expensive because lobsters arent cheap!! but for the price youre getting, i dont think im getting my moneys worth. the size of the roll is decent but there arent that many lobster pieces to satisfy me. i also got the tater tots, and they were bomb! these satisfied my hunger more than the roll...WTF?! lol.However, i WILL be back to try their lobst mac & cheese.
5	MUST.  TRY.I had found this place a long time ago (being from New England I've been craving a good Lobster Roll for a long time) and hadn't tried it.  Was recently in the shops at PH and gave it a go - even though it is pricey, it's worth every single dollar.I don't even know how many lobsters were used in the preparation of my roll (I'm thinking about 5?), but they were enjoyed SO MUCH.  The lobster mac and cheese was delicious as well, but not quite as good as the roll.  Just had the regular roll - will be back in the future to try the special ones and report on those.I'm hungry just thinking about it...
4	I went here about a month and a half ago and I thought the food was good but a bit too heavy for me. Pricing was on the expensive beside but it is lobster meat....big chunks too! My friends and I shared a large lobster roll, fries and lobster mac n cheese. The mac n cheese was one of the best I've ever had! Must try that. I would go back if I'm in the mood for heavy comfort food :)
5	This is my favorite place to eat in Vegas! DELICIOUS.. The Cajun lobster roll is bomb. For a small roll I think it's $17 and for a large it's $23. It's pretty pricey but it's LOBSTER. They put more than enough on the sandwich and the flavor is amazing! The Lobsicle is also pretty good. It's just a fried lobster on a stick.
5	Had to have been the best lobster me and my bf have had. It was amazing. Customer service was amazing my favorite was the lobster roll and their french fries were amazing.
5	The Cajun lobster roll was great. Lots of lobster and the bread was  excellent. Get the garlic fries with it. Very good too.
3	A generic as it sounds, I really love me some lobster! When I saw Lobster Me pop up on the Yelp app on my phone, I was plotting all of the ways to come eat here. I didn't manage it until the last meal of my trip, which wasn't a bad way to end a nice getaway. As generic as it sounds, I really love me some bisque. (Omg deja vu!) I ordered the bisque in a bread bowl. I wish that they had toasted the top of the bread with some butter, but that's my wishful thinking. Cold bread, thick generic tasting bisque, no lobster in sight. Sadface. I would suggest you skip this. I wouldn't have known what I was eating if I had not ordered it off the menu myself. The lobster roll was pretty satisfying. I liked the spice blend, and with a bit of added salt, the sandwich was quite tasty. I also wished that there was a ton of melted butter to pour over the top for maximum consumption value, but alas, you don't always get what you want.
5	Whomever thought up the Lobsicle should be given an award for best use of a lobster tail ever. Fried lobster tail on a stick. Awesome. The lobster was tender, the breading was crispy but not over done. It was served with a lemon wedge and a small container of melted butter. Simply amazing.
5	My husband and I absolutely love this place. We discovered it walking around the mall and decided to give it a try. Its a great way to have delicious lobster in a fast food type setting. Their lobster bisque is amazing. I cannot wait until we go back to Las Vegas just so we can eat here again.
2	Long wait for food (when there was no line to order), pretty low quality on the sandwich -- had the lobster mcmuffin, pretty gross and not even assembled together
4	Lobster grilled cheese was decent because it barely had any lobster.  Lobster Mac N' Cheese on the other hand had enough lobster and tasted awesome, each bite was heavenly.  I'd order this again in a heartbeat.
4	This is my newfound love in Vegas (besides the buffets of course). Located in PH next to Fat Tuesdays, this place has everything lobster possible! Of course it's pricey, but what do you expect for lobster..I've had the lobster grilled cheese, lobster mac n' cheese, cajun fries, and garlic fries. I've always wanted to try the lobster roll, but I don't think it's worth the price for a little sandwich. Everything I've tried is delicious and makes great drunchie food too ;) The cajun fries have a kick to it, but are flavorful! I'd get everything again in a heartbeat. I'll be back for you soon enough lobstaaa!
4	Lobster everything, lobster rolls, lobster mac and cheese, even a fried lobster on a stck they call a lobsicle!This place, inside the mircle mile shops, has a small but strong menu with a really good lobster roll. I tried the lobster blt, applewood smoke bacon stips, lobster, mayo, lettuce and tomato. Very good!My husband got the original lobster roll with secret spice blend, both came on toasted split top bun.We also got a bowl of clam chowder, served in sourdough bread bowl, yummy, a large amount of clams, small chunks potato, very good. Limited table sitting, very busy area, free refills but gotta ask and very good food, just a little pricey!
5	The "Lobsicle" is ridiculously delicious!  I stumbled across this place while walking through the Shops at Planet Hollywood... A lobster tail on a stick... GENIUS!  I wish I lived closer :)  Very friendly staff and quick service! Can't wait to go back!
2	The lobster mac and cheese was terrible. I also tried the lobster ice cream which was another terrible idea. Won't come back for anything else. Located inside the Planet Hollywood.
3	gf and I hit Lobster Me post-Meatloaf concert.  I was kinda surprised it was a "fast food" styled place where you order at a counter, sit in an open table area and then they bring the food to you.We ordered the lobster roll ( medium - $18), Lobster Grilled cheese ( I believe it was $13 ) and lobster mac n cheese ( dang, I was tired - I forget the price but I'm guessing $15 )Glad I bought a large can of Corona ( $10 )  - I just about killed the can before the food showed up.The verdict - not bad.  The roll was very basic - grilled roll and chunks of lobster saturated in butter.  Decent serving size.  Lobster was tender.Lobster mac n cheese - I liked it;  gf didn't.  She felt the lobster should have been cooked into the mac n cheese.  my response, " Why?"  I've commented on other reviews I question the combination of mac n cheese and lobster ( I feel the lobster gets " lost " in the cheese ) but I felt this serving was decent.  I do agree with the gf that the mac n cheese probably would have been better with a sharp cheese, but again, this will probably result in the lobster getting lost in the shuffle.The lobster grilled cheese , well.... same principles as the lobster mac n cheese - too much cheese means less lobster flavor so why bother.  Still, not a bad sammie.Not sure I will eat there again if so, i'll stick with the lobster roll.pics included
4	If you enjoy Lobster, but doesn't want to spend $50-100 per person for it, then this is a place to get a quick fix.  They are located just in the middle of Planet Hollywood's Miracle Mile shops.  The place operated like a fast food joint, but seats could run out quickly depending on the time you visit them.We got the Cajun Lobster Roll and Diablo Lobster Roll.  Both were full of nice flavorful spices.  The Cajun one was slightly spicier.  Lobsters were served cold, but still delicious.  Drinks were refillable.  Price was about $15-20/person.Lobster Me, lobster you?  The staff served us quite well and it did not feel like a fast food joint at all.  I look forward returning to explore other items on their menu.
5	Being from the Midwest, I've had my fair share of fried things on a stick. I also love lobster when done right. When we passed "Lobster Me" in the Miracle Mile, we actually joked about the billboard advertising the "lobsicle". A lobster tail on a stick battered and deep fried sounded strange and intriguing all at once. On our way back through I decided to go for it adding a new tally to my fried food on a stick resume. Let me tell you how happy this experience made me. I know I know. It's just food but OH MY!!!!! The food gods have showered us with an amazing concept that has blown me away.       The "lobsicle" is the perfect size lobster tail speared on a wooden stick, battered and fried to perfection. It's served with a lemon wedge and cup of melted butter. My lobsicle was cooked perfectly and so tender. I couldn't believe the frying process didn't turn it to unedible rubber. The only negative I can come up with is that Lobster Me closes at 11pm and I can't go get more RIGHT NOW!!!     If you're looking for a quick, affordable and sinfully delicious new treat give this a try.
2	Underwhelming is the kindest word. Over priced, tepid, bland, and greasy are a few others. May have caught them on a bad day but that's no excuse.
5	Hands down as good or better than any lobster roll I've had, and I've had some of the most renowned in the country.  Wife and I had the large lobster roll, large Cajun lobster roll (spicy good) and tots.  Ton of pieces under 3 good sized pieces of claw meat, the rolls were soft and tasty.  Tots were perfection.  A lot for a fast food type of place, but if you love lobster or lobster rolls, highly recommend.
5	I love lobster!!!!! Lobster roll and lobster mac n cheese are awesome! It's expensive, but locals get 20% off. Oh, and try the garlic fries! Yum!
4	Went back to Lobster Me to have the Lobster bisque and was very happy with it. It was rich and creamy and more than I expected from a place in the middle of the miracle mile :-) will definitely be for more when I'm on the strip!
2	Wayyyy overpriced.  I know its vegas, but I just can't justify spending $30 on a mediocre lobster roll.  Yes, they are generous with the amount of lobster inside the roll, but my local lobster roll join is equally as generous at $13 a roll and it tastes much fresher.  hmmm.  I think i'd rather spend that $30 at the slots or on a buffet.
3	We decided to try Lobster Me. Each had different dishes so we could share . First off the lobster roll was delicious!!! Sinful , the Texas toast , the mayo and Lobster excellent !! The garlic Cajun Fries!! Another winner , you will want seconds!! Lastly the waffle was just sweet enough and buttery!! The Lobsicle was decent but not my favorite . Service is kinda slow, but the staff is friendly and they apologize for the wait . I would go back !!
4	Our first stop in Vegas! even waited for it to open ;) Its just delioucous lobster. A little expensvie but worth the indulgence. My favorites include the lobster mac and cheese and lobster bisque . YUMM! the only thing is that it takes some time to get the food out. I dont think its freshly made, so couldnt understand why it took so long. Overall this will be a must go everytime I visit vegas!
4	I've never had an authentic Boston Lobster Roll, but this lobster sandwich they had was amazing!  large pieces of lobster.  I am very tempted to stop by the planet hollywood casino everytime I am in vegas JUST to go to this place!Taste: 5 starsService: 5 stars fast, friendlycost: 3.5 stars$25 ish dollars for a lobster sandwich.  not a great price, but I guess it's not a bad one either
3	Just a quick observation by someone who does enjoy lobster and also someone who has some difficulty spending $50 on a lunch for two in a food court atmosphere. Yes it's lobster but just consider that the lobster rolls contains claw meat, not the premium tail meat that we are all familiar with and enjoy and the medium sandwich is relatively small and did not meet our expectations, my suggestion, go to Costco and buy a couple nice tails, a couple nice steaks, have a nice meal.
2	I came here at a prime time for dinner at 7:30 PM to order the popular Mac n Cheese and was told they were sold out! I wanted to give this place a chance so I ordered their other popular item, the Lobster Roll. I'm a seafood lover and I could not taste what was so special about the lobster roll. I doubt I will pay $17 for one single item at a fast food counter again. I would rather spend that kind of money on an entree at a full-service restaurant.
4	My free gift card made the price even more reasonable."El Diablo" was mildly spicy and full of flavor.I was warned of how spicy it was and usually laugh when people warn me about spiciness.  I may have a white face but my stomach and mouth must be Thai.  The lobster portions were generous even for the "medium" size. The staff was knowledgeable and friendly.  Overall a very pleasant experience, especially for mall food.
4	Ermagherd so delicious lobster mac and cheese and Cajun fries. Yes a bit pricey but hey you're in vegas. If you like that fishy taste, lobster, cheese, you're in the right place!Portions are small so savor the bites :)
4	Lobster Mac and Cheese. It's cheesy, it has lobster bits in it. Some tasty stuff. It's pretty much in the food court at the mall in the Planet Hollywood but it was good. I wouldn't go for the other stuff. It's either a gimmick or not that good. This was a nice little snack right next to Fat Tuesday.
5	Located in the Miracle Mile Shops, this lobster joint is a nice stop for some casual lobster dining. We got the Cajun Lobster Roll sandwich (Medium size $17/Large $23), Original Maine Lobster Roll, Lobster Mac n cheese, & Cajun fries with fountain drinks (all w/free refills). All filled with chunks of lobster and the flavor was good. The lobster mac n cheese was just ok. Excellent, friendly, and attentive service from all the staff!
5	Best hangover food EVER. Anddddd it's cheap.I don't know why this place doesn't have more reviews or a higher rating (maybe everyone's allergic to shellfish..)Get their fries: Cajun, garlic. OMGAHHH. (The portions are huge too!!!)Lobster bisque: So amazing I bet it'd cure any hangover
1	Not worth my $12.  If I'm charging $12 I'd make sure my customer is full and happy.  I had literally 5 pieces of fries.  The meat in the sandwich was all placed at the top to appear full but it's all bread at the bottom. Ohh and the lobster was still frozen!
4	The Cajun lobster roll is sooooo good!
5	Came back on a trip in Oct 2013. Got the six incher as promised. Yummy! Free refill on soda too!
4	I've always wanted to try a lobster roll. Lobster Me has different flavors and gives you the option to warm the lobster meat. I ordered the Cajun Lobster Roll (Warm), the lobster bisque, and a couple lobster shooters w/vodka. All around delicious! They weren't heavy on the mayo at all! My sandwich was simply spicy lobster meat amazingness. I would have loved to try the Lobster Mac n Cheese, but I was so stuffed. If this place didn't have Vegas prices, I'd give it a 5.
5	Ended up gettin the Diablo....  Man ...!!!!!! It was bomb ,.... The chef told me to try Cajun style next time ,...  Lobster Mac n cheese was ok ,...   Cajun fries were to oily needed a more crisp to it ,,..   All in all was pretty coo just cuz I luv lobster an most deff going back for another roll ,....
4	Gotta go for the Original Lobster Sandwich Large. Best lobster in Vegas hands down. Lobster Mac and Cheese was OK, kinda bland.
5	My friend had told me to come here for the longest. So I finally came with a group of friends that were down! And they did not regret it one bit!! I shared the lobster roll and ceviche with my friend . The roll was nice and buttery with huge chunks of lobster.... i finished it to quick :( . ... I wanted more!!!. The ceviche came in a mango salsa thing with shrimp . And these crispy flour tortilla chips. Soooooo good!! It is a bit sweet so if you do not like sweet mango salsa dont get it... But honestly everything was epic in my book. Ooo and of coarse I had to have a lobster shooter. Imagine a little shooter with bloody mary Mix.  Little bit of lobster and vodka for 5 dollars!!!! Uhhhh so good!. That I did not share ;). I recommend this place 100 %
4	We stopped here after the Koi Yelp event since we were still a bit hungry. It is located inside of the Miracle Mile shops at Planet Hollywood.  It is an interesting location for a restaurant such as this, but whatever works. It was close to 10pm and I expected a moody employee who was done for the day, but when we got to the counter we got just the opposite. The girl working the counter was very friendly and sweet.; we joked, made small talk about Yelp and she offered some suggestions. Kudos for great service! We opted for the Lobster Bisque and a Lobster Roll to share. The bisque was served in a bread bowl and was nothing short of absolutely delicious. The lobster roll was very good as well - they did not skimp on lobster at all! The price with tip for those two items came to be around $31 which was not bad for the quality and quantity of the food there. but it is still relativley pricey. And of course, can't forget the great service.
4	I finally decided to give this place a try after a friend kept nagging me to. The food was pretty good. Im not a big fan of lobster but if you love lobster then this is the place for you. A friend that was with me said yhe ceviche was good and a must try.
2	Underwhelming and disappointing. And costly. I spent $30 for a lobster roll and lobster mac and cheese. The lobster roll mostly consisted of split top bun, which I guess is good if you're really into eating buns. The pictures of a lobster roll overflowing from top to bottom with lobster and giant claw meat on top isn't remotely close to what I received. There was a minimal amount of lobster in my sandwich, and 2 or 3 small pieces of claw meat that in no way covered the top. The flavor wasn't anything remarkable. I was so bummed when I received/tried my food. The (lobster) mac and cheese was bland. I ate most of the lobster off the top and threw the rest of the dish in the trash. The dish is just mac and cheese with browned breadcrumbs and then lobster sprinkled on top after the mac and cheese has been cooked/heated up.  Kraft mac and cheese has more character and flavor.  I'm still surprised that they don't incorporate the lobster into the mac and cheese. I was expecting a creamy, savory concoction that featured or highlighted the lobster, and that is not what they have going on. Save your money.
3	Next to fat tuesday. We only ordered cajun garlic fries, OVERLY tossed in garlic. all of us liked it though, but wow, it was a kick. no long wait, it came out fast.
4	Awesome food we've been to Maine and this is Damn close. You can even get the lobster warm if you like. Quality food, quality service!
2	Ordered: Lobster and eggs.Middle school tater-totsDidn't taste the lobster in the eggsWasn't worth my $10 :/
3	Lobster on a stick! Yum!!!Their lobster grilled cheese should be called Only Grilled Cheese. No Lobster what so ever, and for $11 I was expecting some lobster at least at one point in my sandwich.3 stars just for being ok.
4	Awesome! Expensive! But never tasted anything like it!
5	3 words OH MY GOD! This was the best place we went to the entire time in Vegas! The lobster Mac and cheese was amazing!! I wanted it the entire time!! This is a must go in Vegas
4	Everyone the goes to vegas, should try Lobster Me at least once. My favorites are the lobster bisque and mac n'cheese. My friend got a sandwich last time, and it was really small for the price.
5	So delicious!  They do not skimp on lobster!What I order each time I go:-Cajun lobster roll ~$17-lobster mac and cheeseWhat my friends like:-Lobster bisque-Lobster grilled cheeseWhat you can pass on:-lobster ice cream-the fries, unless you really want friesTips:-Grab a table before ordering! Seating is limited-It's a food stand located inside the Miracle Mile shops next to Fat Tuesdays-Be kind to the staff!  They are always friendly and generous with drink refills.
4	Oh Lobsta, Lobsta, Lobsta!  I do luv all things crustacean so you didn't have to drag me here for a lobster roll.  I've actually had some off the food trucks in Cali and really enjoyed them.  So I was eager to try the one's here. Combo Lobster roll with Garlic Tater Tots ~ http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-las-vegas#2Lng3Y1DRRiTZgwO36aW_A  They offer 2 sizes medium or large.  I went with a medium and I have to say it had a decent amount of lobster meat in it.  The roll was buttered and grilled up on both sides.  It was perfect meat to bread ratio.  I went with the original flavor with a touch of mayo and lemon.  The menu only listed garlic fries but I like tots so I asked for switch-a-roo and asked for my tots to be married with garlic.Here is my close up of the lobster seconds before it was consumed http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-las-vegas#yWfRR2jZGPrkV1wMVUNebQLadies there is no pretty way of eating these so just shove it in your mouth and enjoy!  Worry about the mess later LOL!  It can get pretty pricey depending on what you order.  In the end it is lobster meat that your getting. Eyes ~ Oh Lobster Meeeeeee!Nose ~ I smell a hint of garlic from my tots!.Ear ~ Peeps walking by.Mouth ~ So very very good!.Tummy ~ Satisfied!
2	Expected more. Got the large original lobster roll and lobster grill cheese. Lobster roll was ok. Pricey for a hot dog bun stuffed with bland, recently frozen lobster. The grill cheese was really good, but the lobster didn't add much. Lobster Me is located in Planet Hollywood and there are a ton of interesting choices to try next.
3	I've worked for a fish market with chefs that prepare fresh lobster in a variety of awesome ways and this place was ok.  for the price it wasn't anything special as far as taste or value.  most of the lobster seemed to be overcooked so I feel like their times for cooking things were off.  The lobster mac and cheese was a very cheesy dish where you could barely distinguish the lobster on top because the cheese sauce was so sharp.    the lobster and chips had deep fried lobster pieces that were completely dry and chewy from being overcooked.  I did not try their lobster roll but based on the "specialties" I can't imagine it being anything special.  according to my car mates the lobster grilled cheese was pretty good and their fries were alright.  For lobster the prices were ok so I guess this is what happens when you try to take a high end food ingredient to the fast food arena where precision and expert preparation are hard to achieve.
2	For the price of the food we pay it not worth it. The bread was more tasty then the lobster itself.  there were chuck of lobster in the bread but the flavor was blan6" lobster roll w/meal- $28The Mac and cheese taste good but the bits of lobster didn't add much to this dish. Mac and cheese w/lobster- 14
5	wow what a little gem hidden in the mall. I do wish the lobster meat was served warm but it was still alot of meat and tasted fabulous. After a late night of drinking and dancing this will fix you right up!
3	Date & Time:  February 29, 2014 @ 1pmLocation:  Planet HollywoodDining Companion:  The HusbandScene:  Shoppers Taking a Break in Flowy Tops, Leggings, UggsDecor:  Order @ Counter & Seat Yourself Quick Bites SpotService:  Fast & EfficientImbibe:  SodasMediocre:  Maine Lobster RollTotal:  $30
2	Make sure you check your order because they messed mine up. And because of that our plans for the night didn't happen because we had to wait for our food. Thanks a lot to the wonderful people of this establishment to ruin the only night we had in Vegas that was planned out ahead of time.
3	The pics look good but it's really just ok. Lobster was flavorless due to the fact that the lobster meat were previously frozen and not fresh. Nonexistent flavor. Freshness Would've made a world of difference. Considering it was more fast food and really pricey. $16 lobster roll, $12 lobster Mac n cheese (not baked or anything neat, just plain ol Mac n cheese with lobster meat thrown on top) eh. Eh.
3	Came here for brunch after a nice night out in the city. Have to say the food was great, but not for the price. Bought myself a Lobster Mac and Cheese for $12 and gave the Bloody Mary, spicy, for $5.Let's start with the Lobster Mac and Cheese, although it was a small portion, it was quite delicious. However, there was not that much lobster and it didn't really add to the food itself. For that price, I was hoping for a much larger portion of food, didn't really quench my appetite.The Bloody Mary was great, if you're a fan of Bloody Marys. It wasn't a cocktail made from scratch as I expected, but rather made with store-bought Bloody Mary mix. But hey, it was great! Can't complain about that. For $5, that's a reasonably good price. Again, wish there was a larger portion of it.
4	Great little place to stop for lunch or a quick/casual dinner. Lobster rolls have about 5-6oz of tail and claw meat and the lobster was fresh. My son had the fish and chips, fish was cod and fries were fresh. I had the lobster/ shrimp cheveche it was okay but they mix it with mango and it made it a little to fruity. Overall the meals was good but a little pricy for a food court type meal. Good lunch spot or quick snack!
3	Lobster ME has beckoned me to visit every single time I've walked past it en route to Earl of Sandwich from the Planet Hollywood parking garage. Today, I finally answered the call.Back in December, I was fortunate enough to win a $10 credit for Lobster ME at a Yelp event (see Yelp Helps: NPO-Yeah! for more info). This made any expenditure at this place a much more tolerable option, although I still anticipated having to shell out something for a Strip location that happened to serve the arguably already overpriced treat known as lobster.I pretty much went straight to the Original "Maine Style" lobster roll. I limited myself to the medium size at $17, rather than go for the large size at $23, the difference being $7 vs. $13 out of pocket for me. This is described as Maine lobster with a touch of mayo, lemon, and a secret spice blend. I didn't taste too much mayo and I am reasonably sure that there's turmeric in the spice mix, but I can't be too sure beyond that.This roll is pretty good! I definitely enjoyed the buttery, soft roll that still had a nice crunch, the ample chunks of lobster meat and claw, and the aforementioned mayo and spices. I probably would have given them four stars on the spot, but during the drive home I realized that it just didn't strike a memorable enough chord with me. Flavor aside, I'm pretty sure I'm barely over half full from that "medium' roll, if that.Overall, I can see this being a convenient luxury food option for somebody with money to burn or for a tourist who feels trapped in Planet Hollywood / the Miracle Mile Shops, but I just wouldn't recommend it to any of my friends. There's just so many great places around Vegas that aren't so pricey.
2	I passed by this place while my mom was at the casino and decided to give this place a try even though it was only 3.5 stars worthy on Yelp. I ordered the lobster grilled cheese and the lobster bisque. The grilled cheese was good, but there was barely any lobster in it. for just grilled cheese, def not worth the price. it didn't look like the pictures i saw on yelp. it looked like i got ripped off since i ordered mine to-go and they knew i probably wouldn't be coming back to complain about the lack of lobster in my lobster grilled cheese. The lobster bisque. Yummy, but for the amount you get EXPENSIVE!!!!! It comes in a bread bowl which i was hoping would be good, but i guess they use a sourdough and the girl barely toasted the bread so it wasn't that good and since it was such a sour bread, it didn't work well with the richness of the bisque AT ALL. I threw all the bread away. I wish I had a better experince here but really, that (lobster) grilled cheese sandwich left me a little sour
4	so this is only for the lobsticle!I saw the sign outside and thought it was pretty creative so i decided to give it a try (i love lobster)the lobster on a stick (lobsticle) was around 15 bucks plus the taxes, which i think is pretty high but its vegas i guess, it took about 10 minutes to get ready and they bring it to your tableit was reallly hot and juicy. It wasnt too chewy or anything and it was fried. fried makes everything taste better....but its lobster, its going to be good regardless, dip it in the butter and add some lemon juice and your going to love it!
1	FALSE ADVERTISEMENT! All you can eat lobsicle!NOPE all you can buy! Prices high for little. Hope  this saves you from the false advertisement
1	Waited 30 minutes for our food.  People were irate.  Manager was in over his head.  Lady there was trying to hold it all together by herself. One star because food was good but never again.
2	It was eh..I only tried this place kuz working in planet Hollywood I got the employee discountHad the Cajun roll And honestly for what I paid id thought it be better.Tried the lobster Mac and cheese barely any lobster..So I tried the clam chowder on two seperate occasions first time delicious went back and the clam chowder tasted so watered down disgusting. Haven't been back sinceFries were great tho that I cannot complain
4	I love lobster, so I thought the menu was fun. They have a variety of lobster food items, which you don't really see around much at a other places.  I tried the Cajun Lobster Roll, and although I expected it to be a little better, it was still good.  It was the first lobster roll I've ever tried and the most expensive sandwich I've ever tried, priced at about $19...but it is Vegas...
4	I am a New Englander by birth. You tell me there is a joint, landlocked in this Valley of Las Vegas, that will make me a fresh and delicious lobster roll? Until today I would call you a liar and probably spit on your shoe! It's real. The unicorn that is a freshly made, legitimate lobster roll in Vegas has been found!My fiancee chose the Cajun style and I chose Classic Maine style.. I didn't get to try his (by the time I thought to ask he was finished) but mine hearkened back to camping near Bar Harbor as a little girl. So freaking good. Perfect amount of mayo, fresh lemon wedge, just a tiny bit of salt pepper and minced parsley. OMG. It even came on a toasty buttered split top bun! The only thing I was not so jazzed about was the price. We had the two medium sized rolls and two fountain Cokes.. it came to $43. That is just insane, but I am a sucker for snacks!
5	DISCLAIMER: REVIEW FOR LOBSICLE-bomb-$14-lobster on a stick-large-juicy-side of lemon-side of melted butter (mmm!)-fried in light tasty batter-try it
5	Again, hangover food at its best. Lobster bisque and lobster grilled cheese sandwich are AMAZEBALLS. It's so good that I would book a room at Planet Hollywood again just so I can roll out of bed the next morning and shovel food into my mouth.One MINOR gripe though: they were slow on giving me and my roommate our morning tea. But who needs tea when you have alcohol in Vegas?
4	Lobster Me is a great place for lunch or a snack. The place is located in the Miracle Mile mall in the Planet Hollywood hotel next the Fat Tuesday. For a small place inside the mall they do make a damn pretty good lobster roll. I usually getting The Maine lobster roll it full of lobster meat no filling. Very tasty. Highly recommend place.
3	Tried several dishes:Mac and cheese: disappointing. Lack of cheese. Lack of lobster. Just Mac. Overpriced.Grilled cheese with lobster : spectacular. The best thing on the menu. Lobster roll: expensive. Ok for a roll not memorable. Lobster bisque: better than average. Still not memorable. Would of gone to a buffet at a major hotel for what I paid.
4	I'd say for a quick and tasty lunch that doesn't break the bank in Vegas, come here! It's easy to find in the Caesar shops, and they have a lot of seating.Their lobster rolls are really good, and they're priced pretty decently. I've had some lobster rolls that had barely any meat in them, and these were pretty stuffed. Their lobster mac & cheese is also delicious, though we would have liked it if the lobster was mixed in to the pasta and not just dumped on top. Their tator tots are bomb as well...super crispy! I'd def come here again for a quick and easy bite to eat
3	I've been dying to try this place after seeing the pictures. Well, presentation was awesome... Looked just as appetizing in person. I ordered the large Cajun roll. The gentlemen told me if I liked a kick to chose that one. There was no kick, and the seasoning lacked a little bit. I had to add hot sauce. Besides that, you can tell the lobster is good quality and fresh. Very meaty. I found the large a little small, I can't imagine how small the small is for the price they charge. Overall pretty good.
4	I stumbled across this place whilst walking through the Miracle Mile during my vacation last year ... Frozen icy alcoholic beverage in one hand and an empty stomach meant there was no chance I would go past this place without buying something. After a little bit of alcohol, your body always craves something fried and greasy and what better way to sate this craving than to have fried lobster meat and fries ??Granted this quite an expensive snack, it is still cheap if you're from Australia and used to paying with a pound of flesh when it comes to anything seafood ! I would come back here if I'm passing through Planet Hollywood and in need of a quick snack!
3	came here to try their classic lobster sandwich with the hubs. though i love the fact that they lobster wasnt drenched in mayo (there was no mayo at all) the lobster was pretty cold. i was taken back by it. i thought it wouldve been buttery/garlicy and at the very least luke warm. thats the only off putting thing for me personally. maybe its the way lobster rolls are supposed to be? ive had one at sams chowder mobile and it was great!. probably wont stop by here again anytime soon unless a friend wants to.
3	The food was. . .ok, could have used a little more seasoning. This place is also pretty pricey but that's what comes along with eating seafood on the Strip ($18 for a lobster BLT). The staff is really nice though!
3	Free soda refills until 11pm!Great spot when you get tired of the endless celebrity steak houses and cheesy buffets. Good lobster roll which has more smaller chunks as opposed to those huge ones you can find in Boston. Great lightly salted butter on the toasted roll. And the free soda refills are awesome. They come by your table to check on you periodically and offer to refill your cup. Good service and attitude, reasonable prices, and the lobster roll hits the spot. I'd go again.
1	Went there for lunch today. Expensive for what you get. I ordered the lobster and chips, there was only 4 extremely small lobster bites and a small handful of fries. The taste was good but for 14$, are you kidding me! My husband got the original lobster roll, they cut a small slice in the roll and put a small amount of lobster in it. So you get a mouthful of mostly bread. Don't think we will ever eat there again.
3	For what it's worth, Lobster Me is a decent fast-casual place to eat. I've had the experience of having fresh seafood on the East Coast, and nothing on the West will ever compare to what you get in cities like Boston. But, I believe Lobster Me tries hard to make their seafood tasty, and what they do with their seafood works for them. Conveniently located in Miracle Mile, I was able to walk here from my hotel room in about 5 minutes. Lobster Me is an order and pay at the counter type place, which worked for me!All three people in my party who ate here ordered the Original Lobster Roll. This was their no frills roll -- filled only with lobster, a couple of their "house" spices and stuffed in a delicious piece of bread. Each roll was $24. Pricey, but you're in Vegas!Our food came out in about 5 minutes. I really enjoyed my Lobster Roll and thought the lobster was fresh for Western standards and very tasty with all the spices they threw on the meat. But, the two other people that were eating with me were born and raised on the East Coast, and both of them said the lobster was only "ok". One of them didn't like the spices that they put on the lobster and she even picked some of the lobster pieces off and didn't eat them. We all agreed that the bread was delicious though.  We also ordered a side of fries and we all really liked the fries as well.Overall, just your average seafood place. Nothing special, but nothing horrible either. Check it out when you're in Vegas since it's worth at least one visit!Cheers!
3	I passed by this place while walking through the Miracle Mile and felt my stomach start to growl.  Then I saw it, the "Lobsicle".  I had to try it, even for $14 - heck, that's less than the cost of one hand of Blackjack and seemed like a sure bet to me.  I had to wait a few minutes - a good sign they were cooking it up fresh - and then they called my name and I picked it up.  So it's a small lobster tail, lightly battered, fried, and served on a stick.  4 bites in all, but super delicious, nicely cooked, tender and juicy.   Next time I might have to double down on that one.
5	Walking around miracle mile shops I had this feeling in the pit of my stomach that Lobster Me was located here but yelp was acting slower than a snail at this time. When I saw that gold sign I swear I squealed like a little piglet!  lobster grilled cheese $11- so damn good. Right amount of cheese with the right around of lobster! It had different cheeses inside & not just american. Lobster Mac & Cheese $12- this was the highlight of my day! I've been wanting to try lobster Mac & Cheese forever. It was so delicious with so much lobster meat. It wasn't dry or overcooked which was perfect! It is a little portion but I think it was a good amount to be shared by 2 little girls like us. I want to come back and try everything on the menu. So, see you soon lobster me!
2	The LOBSTER shrimp ceviche had ZERO lobster. When I mentioned this to the manager she said "ok". Wow great customer  service. I'm giving 2 stars because the ceviche did taste good and so did the garlic fries but I can get those anywhere. Note to the manager who could barely take her eyes off her laptop to speak to me "Customer service and personality count"
4	My friend and I actually accidentally ran into this place after talking about it being in Miracle Mile Shops!And boy was I glad we found it! I'm def a crab type of girl when it comes to shellfish.. but Lobster Me got my friend and I with their Lobster Grilled Cheese and Lobster Mac N Cheese! Both filled with tons of lobster meat and different cheeses! As to some dishes you get tired of the cheesiness.. These two, on the other hand, had us finishing every bite -- two cheesy dishes that didn't have the same cheeses and lobster def balanced it out!Will definitely be back for the other items!
5	Finally made it here, o my goodness the food was great. The staff were polite & helpful. We had the o.g.lobster roll, cajun lobster roll & lobster grill cheese we got the sandwichs all mediums (they come medium & large) the size was perfect plus fries. The bread was perfectly toasted & buttered, so soft melted in your mouth, sandwichs were full of lobster claw meat. These were lobster rolls like ive never had before, we will definately b back (soon LOL)
4	This is so good! I get one every time I'm in Vegas! Although, I wish the lobster were a bit warmer if I'm ordering a hot sandwich.
4	All lobster!!!  Youu get a lot of lobster!  Cajun style was delicious. Its in a mall so the atmosphere is really casual.  Fries are OK.  Drinks are small but otherwise service was great and food was delicious!!! Too pricey in my opinion though
5	Great fresh succulent lobster that I will never get tired of! I'm going here all the time !
1	I loved lobster me before the menu change.  I have no issue paying $23-$27 for a large lobster roll, but I won't pay $17 for what amounts to a lobster slider.  The quality of the meat and bread is great, but the size available now is great if you're a child or over 85 and don't eat like an adult.  Last visit...too bad.
5	This is my favorite place for an awesome lobster sandwich!! I've had lobster sandwiches in many different places but nowhere compares. The sandwich is perfectly grilled with butter and filled with large chunks of lobster. I typically like the sauces on the side so I can control the amount I like, usually on the lighter side.This is a MUST stop every time I'm in Vegas!!
3	Looked delicious from the menu. Ordered a Connecticutt lobster roll combo and Lobster Mac and Cheese.  Lobster roll really was as delicious as it looked. Unfortunately they don't tell you they're bite sized- 2 bites actually. Mac and cheese tasted like it was from a dollar store box with lobster crumbs sprinkled in. They forgot the fries with my combo so I had to remind them. Heads up: check your order. Next time I'll stick to the rolls...but I'll eat somewhere else first.
4	My friends and I split up looking for a snack. I found lobster me in the mall. It's a cute little shop that does lobster rolls, lobster fish and chips and varietys of other lobster things. I chose the lobster fish and chips with Cajun fries that comes with a complimentary coleslaw. YUMMY IN MY TUMMY. My friends were eating their chilli dogs and watching  me with envy. I devoured my meal. The lobster was tender not overcooked, the fries lightly seasoned to perfection and the coleslaw was sweet and cream just the way I liked it. My only complaint if the portion size was small. I know lobster is expensive but they could give your more fries and more slaw bump it up from 13 to 15. I was still a bit hungry afterwards. I regret not trying their lobster rolls they have hot and cold ones. They look like the real deal and Ronnie told me it's a full lobster in every roll.
1	Had lunch here today with my husband.  We ordered the Diablo lobster roll, lobster mac and cheese and a 24 oz can Corona beer.  The cost was $18, $12, and &10 plus tax.  My goodness, $10 for a can of beer???  The nice restaurants only charge $6-7.  The lobster roll was so small, it looks more like 1/2 a serving, it's ridiculous that they charge you $18.  The lobster mac and cheese was also very small with some bits of chopped up lobster bits.  There was no cheese in the mac and cheese that I could taste. The lobster roll tasted good but the portion is just crazy little.  Won't be coming back.
4	This place is bomb. If you want lobster displayed as a tiny portion at some fancy schmansy restaurant, do just that. This is the perfect meal to share after a night of insanity, it hits the spot. I've read other reviews that there isn't enough lobster on the roll, but I must have gotten lucky because this was loaded with lobster and delish sauce. Definitely will be coming back for a carb-load hangover fix
1	Don't waste your time. Overpriced, under seasoned, undersized. The Mac n cheese was runny. The lobster roll was done in three bites. I know, I know. It's Vegas. I should have known better for a tourist trap.
4	Located inside of a miracle mile shops connected to Planet Hollywood.  I tried their lobster mac and cheese for $12.  I have to say it had chunks of lobster (it better for $12) and mac and cheese flavor was pleasantly good.  One star down as I thought it was way too cheesy!
1	What a total disappointment :( Located in the Miracle Miles of Planet Hollywood, this is definitely an overpriced food stand. It costs $17 for a lobster roll the size of my iPhone! Or possibly even smaller.. I understand lobster rolls are small and with the obvious lobster meat, but this one didn't even have the taste to back it up. Don't even bother with the clam chowder. It was seriously the worst clam chowder I have ever had!! I poured 4 packets of the pepper into it just to add a little flavor. Ughs. Friends did enjoy their lobster mac & cheese.
2	Tried someone's the lobster mac&cheese... Too little lobster, noodles swimming in cheese and grease.Bought a lobster grilled cheese... Way too much cream cheese and again too little lobster for the price.Overall, it's not the best but it'll do.
1	DO NOT GET LOBSTER CHIPS. $13 for little bit of fried lobster and some fries. RIP OFF. If you decide to come here. Order something.
3	It's food on the strip. When is food on the strip ever 5 star worthy? Never. I got the lobster grilled cheese with cajun fries. The lobster grilled cheese was pretty good for what it was but it wasn't amazing. Like everyone else said, I wish there was more lobster meat in it. 2 stars for that.Added an additional 1 star for their cajun fries. The best cajun fries I've ever had. It was actually SPICY. I'd probably just only get their cajun fries next time as a snack and nothing else.
5	Had a convention in Vegas and stumbled (literally) into this gem!  Ashton the bartender kept our party going, and the food was amazing!  My friend got the oysters and would not stop about them!  I got the special and was not disapointed.   Crab cakes, calamari,  and shrimp cocktail was fresh and succulent.   Will be back next time I'm here in sin city!
4	Give very small portion of food, definitely not enough to fill me up! Pricey and not many tables to sit, but good thing the food was good. Recommend the lobster and fries, or the lobster tacos!
4	The woman or young gal that was working at the cash register on Sunday evening was superb, excellent customer service. The food is fantastic. My only complaint is that they should have some green salsa for the lobster tacos.#LobsterMe rocks! Delicious, definitely will be back.
3	butter me, yummy.Sweet butter bread excellence, lobster precooked a bit dry.Still delicious
3	I missed my chance to try Lobster Me at the Grand Canal Shoppes (Venetian) on my last Vegas trip, but was given another opportunity at the Miracle Mile Shops (Planet Hollywood).I ordered the batter fried Lobsicle- lobster tail on a stick ($14). When it came out, I was disappointed by how small it was. Lobster is expensive, but still. Aside from that, I enjoyed it. It was lightly battered and tender. I also tried my friend's Cajun lobster roll. It was small and bland. I wouldn't come here again, but am glad I tried them.
4	Such a hidden gem! The last bite was mostly all bread for me, other than the uneven spreading out of the lobster through out the bun.. It was delicious! And worth the $. There's also a deal to make it a meal (fries and a drink) for $4 more.. It was yummy
2	Decent food with high prices (even high for Vegas).Lobster Me was known for their lobster ice cream.  They don't have it anymore.  They are also known for their lobster rolls.  The lobster was a decent portion but it wasn't sweet nor was it very tasty.  There is almost no seating and the little seating there is, you have to battle the "Bro's" that are at Fat Tuesday.  I'd give it more stars if it weren't so darn expensive.  I mean it wasn't BAD, it just wasn't really good and worth the price.
4	Got the Connecticut. Smaller than what I expected. Tasteful but not worth $17. If I was really craving lobster and this was around, I would eat here again.
3	After passing by this spot numerous times while getting a Fat Tuesday, I finally gave it a shot. I ordered the Connecticut. Total came to nearly $18! (But then again it's Vegas) For that price my expectations were somewhat high.I encountered a pretty long waiting time for ordering and getting my food. The roll was really good! Not salty and doused in butter like I expected and the toasted bread was perfect. The size disappointed me, wasn't even the size of a 6 inch subway sandwich.Worth my money? Not quite. Not enough to fill you up, not mouth-watering enough to make you feel like your money was worth it. With Earl of Sandwich just around the corner I'd rather go there and get an entire meal for less than one sandwich at this spot.Definitely not a bang for buck spot but if money is not an issue I would come back. If I do come back I want to try the Mac N Cheese and lobster on a stick.
4	If you like lobster, this is the place to come! The lobster roll rocks! I would be giving this place 5 stars, but they changed their menu lately and only have small lobster rolls now. Bring back the big one! Also, I think the bread changed too. It's not as tasty as it used to be. Still an awesome roll, but compared to before, it dropped a star.
3	Who knew you could get great fresh Maine Lobster in Las Vegas without paying tons of money? We ordered the lobster Mac and cheese, and a Connecticut lobster roll meal. We got our number from the young girl who was helpful in assisting us since it was our first time ordering. A few minutes later our food arrived. The  man who served it was nice but, you could tell was overwhelmed. The lobster Mac and cheese had huge chunks of lobster on top of what looked like boxed Mac and cheese with toasted bread crumbs thrown on top. It was good for the first two or three bites....after that I ate just the lobster, which was delicious! My husband's lobster roll, well he ordered the Connecticut and received the Original. I took the first bite and noticed it was cold, since both can come cold we didn't think much of it. He thought maybe they mistaking gave him the cold Connecticut. After bite two, he realised it was not the Connecticut but, the Original. By then a line had formed , I was almost done, and he had eaten a 1/3 of the sandwich. So, since it was good also he enjoyed the rest of it! Overall the food is good and I think staff just needs to slow down a bit or hire more.
5	Amazed by how incredible the miracle mile was we decided to try this spot. Going to graduate school in the New England area I fell in love with Lobster Rolls so I immediately gravitated to this spot. My GF had the Lobster Tacos and I had Lobster Roll Conn. style. They loaded the roll with lobster and the bread was extremely buttery. How could they go wrong with that combo? That's right they didn't- they hit a homerun! If you are in Vegas hit this spot in PH!
4	Cajun lobster roll is decently seasoned not spicy but good. Hoping it was a little bigger.
5	I just eat the grilled lobster deep-fried lobster on the stick the Diablo lobster roll lobster macaroni and cheese are the best you can get  I have no words to say but excellent the manager dan really is the best hot and fresh lobster
4	Hands down best lobster roll! Service was really friendly! I wished there were more seats, that's mostly why it got deducted one star. They had many different lobster rolls to choose from but we got the original. There was def a good amount of lobster and not much fillers which I loved! I wanted to feel healthy so opted for a side of lobster salad. It seemed a bit plain to me, but made me feel less guilty about wanting to try everything on the menu. Also tried Lobster bisque and clam chowder-lobster bisque was not good, it seemed too runny for me. However the clam chowder was really good!I really want to go back and try the Mac n cheese and grilled cheese sandwich. Aghhhh..but Lobster Me got the thumbs up from the hubby, so that's always a good sign, and that's coming from a really hard to please kinda guy!
5	LOVE this place! The lobster was bomb dot com! I had the Connecticut which was amazing; my kids had a lobsicle and the Cajun. The Connecticut and the Cajun is a lobster sandwich which we found tasty. The Cajun was seasoned but not spicy. Definitely a different take on lobster fast food lolNow my hubby  did NOT like his fish and chips. He said it was more like fish strips cause it was chewy, tough and not what you think of as fish n chips. Def not worth the $16. Upon our leaving, the cashier asked him how he liked his food, he was honest and she gave us our money back for his food. The rest of us LOVED our food!
5	Was in Vegas July 20, and thought I stop in and try the Losbter Me, what a waste of monies, the pictures posted here on Yelp is nothing like the sandwich they give you, more like a Lobster spead instead of a Lobster sandwich, trust me when I say this save your monies so many better places to eat at and for $17.00 and its true the sandwich is not bigger than a cell phone. A mess if I was not in my room when I open the sandwich believe me it would have went back but I choose to trash it and take the lost.....
4	Would I pay for a lobster roll that's the size of a tiny chipmunk? YES. Who knew you can have delicious $10 lobster rolls in a food court stand? A small sandwich, for sure, packed full of sweet and salty lobster, and guess what? I don't even like lobster. (crab legs for the win!) But this sandwich I love and I would eat it again in a heart beat (if I was rich). Now as much as I promote their rolls (specially their Maine roll?) their lobster mac and cheese is left to be desired. Tasty and cheesy mac and cheese with the tiniest bits of lobster. It was kind of sad. Not worth the price. Go for the lobster roll instead.
4	I still love this place but it looks like the price increased and they took the option of a large lobster roll. Cajun fries are also a dollar more now. We usually come twice the weekend we go to Vegas but we're probably going to have to cut down now.
2	If I were basing this review on food alone it would be a four.  Unfortunately because of the service I have to give it only two stars. While yes,  the food is very expensive it is well worth it. This is the first place that I run to the moment I hit my hotel room I throw my bags on the floor and run to get my lobster on.  I have always had nothing but a great experience here until last weekend. The employees should really wear name tags so we know who it is that was rude. They were clearly understaffed and overwhelmed. And the young girl with the dark hair just could not handle it.  While I think she tried her best to be nice she was frustrated and it came off very rude. Two people in line walked away and I heard the woman say with these prices I don't need to put up with that.  It definitely added a sour note to otherwise wonderful food
5	always a refreshing and quick bite everytime in Vegas!! convenient location! and delicious lobster entrees!  It can be a a bit pricey considering it is 'fast food', but come on...still really good price for lobster!!!
4	Love this place!!!!  Great lobster rolls, when you consider you are in the desert.  Prices are fair, customer service was good, place was clean.  My only complaint is that there is not ample seating.  We have a family of 5, so it was difficult to find a table and when we did, we had to share seats.  Tables are also very close to one another, and you can hear conversations from your neighbors  Otherwise, not too shabby.  4 stars
4	A lobster on a stick...probably the best thing I ate while in Vegas for in my short time there. At first I was hesitant to pay almost $10 for a lobster tail, but it was so worth it. It was a little bigger than a Twinkie and deep fried. It came with a side of butter and a slice of lemon. As soon as I bit into it, I was in heaven. The lobster was so juicy and moist! I would eat a dozen more if I could afford it! When I visit Vegas again, i'll be sure to return and get another heaven on a stick!P.s...don't eat it while in the car. The butter can get a bit messy.
3	They uniqueness about this place is what appealed to me.  I had the "El Diablo" roll and it was good but I think I rather have my lobster the traditional way with warm butter.  The lobster margarita was pretty good and it even had a lobster claw in it.  Overall, worth trying once just to check it out but I'm not sure I'll be craving this place anytime soon.
3	Oh man. I should've gotten the all you can eat but instead I chose the lobster and chips. It was kinda sad when I got the meal because there was barely anything. But what can I say? It IS lobster.  The lobster kind of had an overlooked feel to it because it felt a little rubbery. All in all, it wasn't too bad but I wouldn't get it again. The person taking my order was awesome, nice, and welcoming. This was definitely a nice experience on my trip.
4	It always bothers me when people give a place less stars just based on the price. First of all you're in Las Vegas. They don't call it Lost Wages for nothing. Second of all it's $&@?ing lobster, in what world is lobster ever cheap? Please tell me. I'd like to live in that world. Rant over. Now let's get to the nitty gritty. Lobster me's food. I had the lobsicle and the lobster bisque. The jury is still out on battered and fried lobster tail on a stick. Maybe I'm partial to grilled or broiled lobster but it was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The bisque however hit the spot. The flavor was great and there were nice little chunks of lobster throughout and it came in a bread bowl. I love bowls you can eat. Who doesn't? The only bad thing about this place is there's not enough seating. Even though it was very mall-food-esque the service was incredible. The people that work there are grade A, I don't think I had better service my entire trip. You go Lobster Me, you go!
3	I got the lobster grilled cheese which barely had any lobster in it. It wasn't worth the 11 dollars.  My friend got a lobster salad and she said it's just like a side salad with lobster in it.  She said she was expecting more than just a side salad with lobster in it.
4	I ordered the 2 lobster tacos.  I would have like the lobster meat to be a little warmer but they were still enjoyable.  The kid's mac and cheese is great.  I also ordered a bread bowl with the cup of clam chowder to take home.  The clam chowder was very watery and not thick at all so I would check it out if you plan to order it.  Very friendly staff.
5	Honestly- I tried this place last year and haven't shut up about it since.  Was in Vegas last weekend for my birthday and, not gonna lie, totally ate here twice within 24 hours, haha.I was saving the lobster mac and cheese for my actual birthday, but I had to eat something the night before and since I was staying at the Elara (which is attached) I thought, "Well, I can have the lobster grilled cheese instead, so it's totally not cheating." The lady serving was super nice and we chatted for a couple of minutes, then my order was ready so I grabbed the container and headed up to my room to get ready for Chippendales (if you haven't been, GO.)I sprawl all of my crap all over my room and jump up on the bed and open the container- IT WAS LOBSTER EFFING MAC AND CHEESE BY MISTAKE.Best. Mistake. Ever. I wasn't even mad- trust.I inhaled it. And then I went back and got it again the next day on my actual birthday and inhaled it all over again.  No regrets.It's a little bit pricey - $13 or $14+ per entre, but DAMN, I'm still thinking about it. None of the others I have tried have even compared, honestly.Thank you thank you thank you.
1	All those pictures of huge chunks of lobster had me dying to try this roll. Unfortunately after i paid my $23 for my sandwich, fries, and soda all i got was a tasty buttered bun with scraps of lobster that didnt even reach the top of the bun. I'm wondering if the fact that mine came in a togo box had anything to do with my quality. What was there tasted fine, but like i said, there was hardly anything in the bun and my last two bites were only bun. Stick with Todd English Pub's lobster rolls. They may seem small but there is 3 of them.
4	Yum!  I'm glad my husband and I gave this place a shot. It's in the miracle mile at planet Hollywood.  Their is limited seating but you do have the option of eating in or take out. Obviously their specialty is lobster and the lobster rolls looked delicious but pricey. They also have something called a lobscicle which was featured on some channel like a&e. We ended up getting a lobster grilled cheese  sandwich and the clam chowder fries. The sandwich was delicious!  The right amount of lobster and the bread was crisp. And the clam chowder fries were sooo good!  The portion is small though. I'm definitely coming back the next time in Vegas. Apparently they have one at the Venetian/ Palazzo too. I might get the clam chowder soup by itself and I would like to try the lobscicle.
4	My wife and I decided to try this place out. I'm not much of a lobster person. We tried the lobster grilled cheese which was good. Not much lobster in it but I think I've decided I don't really like lobster. There wasn't anything wrong with it but just not my taste. The clam chowder fries on the other hand was bomb! The chowder was really delicious. I think next time I'd order the chowder itself because it was so good. They smother it on the fries. This was a surprise that it was that good! Definitely will try this place again the next time I'm in Vegas!
1	Really?  Don't.   Connecticut was cold. Lobster Mac n cheese was not cheesey or flavorful. Bisque was very watered down. Save your money for Red Lobster.....
5	My sister took me here to eat after we watched the Britney Concert. We both had a breaded bowl of clam chowder and we shared a grilled cheese. The clam chowder was delish tasted fresh and did grilled cheese was good too! Yum Served fast as well.
4	Decent portion of tasty lobster on a nice buttery roll, I'll be back!
5	Try the lobster salad ! Yummy! It's pretty centrally located in the middle of all the shopping.  It is also beside Fat Tuesdays so you can have your margarita while eating your lobster meal.  I also tried the lobster and chips & it was pretty good.  The lobsicle looked a little small for the price do I didn't think it was worth it.
1	Which sewer are the using to farm raise the lobster they serve? If I could give zero stars I would. I was so excited to find out about a lobster roll place in Las Vegas. Spent $110 to try a few things with family. All the lobster was bland despite the butter and mayo. This is not Maine lobster. Tilapia would have been more flavorful. Order came out wrong and instead of making a fresh Connecticut roll they just poured butter on top of the Maine roll. Disgusting, expensive. I left there feeling nauseous.
5	Every time my friends and I see this place we have to stop and get something even if we had it earlier.   It is that good, if you are a seafood lover.    It's all about their Maine roll with a toasted bun, YUM!!! I wasn't really into lobster until this place.   Hands down, a must in Vegas!
5	Great Place Great  taste
3	Very pricey.  Small amount of lobster in all the dishes we tried.  Large portions of bread  to make up for it.  The food is tasty just no where near enough lobster.  Cute gimmick just won't satisfy your need for shellfish
3	I checked this place out the last time I was out in Las Vegas with high hopes that it would be similar to Luke's Lobster on the east coast.  Unfortunately, I must have ordered the wrong thing because their basic lobster roll was just not up to par.  The split roll contained lots of lobster meat piled high but the flavor was just salt water from frozen lobster meat being quickly dethawed.  The lobster roll didn't taste fresh and didn't justify the price.  I may have to check out the lobster fries and the lobster on a stick the next time I'm around, but if you are ever on the east coast, try Luke's Lobster - they do lobster rolls right!
1	Tiny!!!! Over priced!!! Such a tiny little sandwich on the size of a hot dog bun with very little lobster. I'm not a big eater but this sandwich didn't even put a dent in my stomach. $17.99 for one lobster roll. You can add additional lobster for $10 more.
5	Awesome!!! I had excellent expirence with Lobster me. Food always is so fresh, healthy and so delicious! Staff is friendly and they work fast!  I love Clam Chowder and actually Lobster Cheese sandwich is creamy and so yummy!!! I'm so happy each time I eat there:) thank you guys!
4	Really good fast food, but at a high price.While on vacation, my sisters boyfriend was tasked with showing me some of the local eats, at least something that you can find during late hours. I haven't been to the Miracle Mile Shops, but essentially, it's a mall that includes night life and eating places.After traveling towards the center of the place, you can find Lobster Me, located right next to a Fat Tuesday, if you want one of those big margarita drinks that everyone walks around with. The place itself is only a usual mall-foodcourt type of storefront, so it's a free-for-all on seating, which isn't much in the direct area. It might be hard to find seating, especially if you're with a group, because there are a lot of people bumbling around, especially at night.There were a lot of things that I wanted to try on the menu, but there lies a small endeavor, everything is crazy expensive. I know that it's seafood, lobster to be specific, but it was a bit expensive in my opinion. Expect to spend around $8-15 for most stuff on the menu.I had the Lobster & Chips (you know, fish and chips, but lobster). I also upgraded my fries to calamari fries. I originally was just aiming for the regular clam chowder fries as my only dish, but I had some leeway on my budget, so I spent a little more. The lobster nuggets were pretty good, and the cam chowder fries helped round off the meal. I've had calamari fries at other places, but this one is just as good.Definitely worth a try, check it out, but I wouldn't come here that often, simply because of the price.
5	My first lobster roll was at this location. I ate one of their rich and buttery sandwiches and I was hooked. They left me on a quest to discover other places that may be serving these decadent sandwiches.About a pound of lobster goes into each roll and yes, the prices can be daunting for some. A meal is easily $45+ for 2, but it's so worth it IMO. Look out for coupons if you are staying in surrounding hotels or coupon books u can pick up at the Miracle Miles guest services.  The venetian location had a 20 or 25% off a sandwich and the coupon at Miracle miles included a 16 oz beer with the purchase of a lobster roll ;)
5	Excellent and friendly staff. You can't go wrong with a delicious Connecticut Roll. Located in the Miracle Mile shops in Planet Hollywood.
3	I've only been here once, but wow $18 for a lobster roll.. That's Vegas for ya!I had the El Diablo Lobster Roll which was tasty, but the portion was very small. The bread was a bit soggy from the sauce, and there wasn't much substance beyond that. I did enjoy the side of cole slaw that they served, but again not something that I would consider ordering again unless I was desperately craving lobster.I still link lobster is a bit overrated, but my friend enjoyed it so at least we were content.
4	Great food, flavor and not unreasonable in price. I mean, yes it is 19 bucks for a drink and a lobsicle but 1) its freakin lobster people! And 2) you're in Vegas, everything is expensive here. Friendly staff, less than 10 minute wait time, great locations. Hoping they expand to California at some point!!!
5	Lobster Tacos...hands down amazing; it comes with 2 and I had to get a second helping of it because it was that good! Try it!
3	So nestled deep within the Miracle Mile is LobsterME and bust my barnacles if it wasn't good yet as the 3 stars proves not something I'm clawing for as I type this eitherAs I have SlapFish here a big difference in LobsterMe is the quantity of the lobster given and the overall taste of the meat as well..For the prices charged for some items you should reward your guests rather then essentially punish them for wanting some great lobster at a great price..The portion size was not well proportioned in my view and the meat itself could've had a little more fresher feeling to it..I guess you can say I know by now what great lobster is and why lower the bar if I'm left feeling like I ran into the bar instead?I decided on the lobster mac and cheese partnered with the chowder fries..As I did like the mac and cheese with both tender pasta and delectable cheese sauce the lobster was scarce overall (hence the comments above)..The chowder fries were a roller coaster for me..I did find the fries the perfect consistency (not too hard not too soft), but the tomatoes that were partnered with the chowder I felt caused it to be soggy overallAll in all it was a good find, but not a great find..I will most likely give it another shot as there was their lobsicle which was calling my name, but trial and error has shown me what to omit for sure from my palette.
2	Dudes. What are you doing over there?? Seriously? I used to love this place and always looked forward to going here when I was on the strip. This is no more. This place has progressively gotten worse each time, unfortunately. First, they kept changing the sizes of their lobster rolls, then they changed the bread, the seasoning and now the whole thing is just not good. There is less lobster and the bread is stale and small. They used to serve awesome lobster claws on top, this is no more. Everything about this roll is screaming "What did you do to me!!?!?!?". And I know why it's screaming that. Also, their lobster mac and cheese is always super cold. They should mention this to the clients if this is their intention. Even the clam chowder tastes more like it's been preserved and not fresh, also served in a stale bread bowl. I feel bad for talking this place up and sending people here. The service is good, and the cleanliness is fine. I've been in denial for too long. My love affair in the last year with this place has dissipated. This is  no longer my favorite place to go on the strip. :(It's way overpriced for what they're offering now. When they started, it was worth the price. Please, consider going back to your old ways. And please inform me when you do. Until then, it was a pleasure knowing you.
2	The classic lobster roll will set you back 17 dollars. There is no claw meat on the top as the photos show. I'm a big fan of lobster rolls and have had my share. The best is still at the Lobster Roll (Lunch) out in Amagansett, NY. Here the toasted roll is just barely brushed with mayo, there's some Old Bay seasoning and the lobster. The lobster itself was good, not great.They serve it with cole slaw on the side which it added to the roll. It needed something more with some crunch and the cole slaw helped. They really need to punch up their lobster roll, it's pretty bland. Fries were very good and the chowder was also good. It's going to set you back some bucks, but it was just ok.
4	The best lobster rolls, especially the Connecticut.  It is definitely worth the price.
5	The people who work here are the nicest and the food is amazing too!  Definitely glad I chose to try this out. It's amazing!  Anyone who likes lobster should come here.
5	Stopped here 2 different days for lunch. 1st day we had conneticut lobster roll, lobster mac n cheese, chowder fries. It was amazing and friendly staff. 2nd day we had lobsicle, original roll, chowder fries, and grilled cheese w/lobster. It was delicious. The only complaint i have is that the seating wasn't the best. The food makes up for that.
1	Firstly I would like to start out by apologizing to the lobsters that have died an unworthy death in vain for this place. The lobster meat here just does NO justice at all. God where do I start? The meat is dry and tastes like it has been frozen for months, and i dont mean the good frozen with Idina Menzel, the only thing this place "let go" of is their quality.. And for their stingy portions, I would rather get better quality at a fine dining restaurant for cheaper. We ordered the Connecticut lobster roll which was $17 and 5" long.. Roll was dry and stale, not buttery fluffy or light like it should be. Soup was average and served cold instead of warm not like it was supposed to be, and the bread bowl?...yes you guessed it, stale and hard! I understand escalation for being near the strip but $17 for 5" of trash given in worse portions than the meals handed out during the holocaust is just cold.. Sorry, was that joke in bad taste? Not as bad taste as lobsterme. This was the most expensive lobster roll and at the same time the worst I ever had, I'm heart broken at this. Dont be fooled by the yelp pictures, most are a year or older before portions were $6 for costco free sample sizes (literally that is the equivalency if you size it down). I wish i could give 0 stars.. RIP lobsters who died in vain for lobsterme, may heaven grant you a better roll with fresh ingredients to rest upon..
3	Good place for Lobster Lovers. I personally really like lobster but I feel this place could be a bit better with certain dishes. I had the lobsicle, lobster mac and cheese, lobster bisque, Conneticut lobster roll and some tea. The Mac and cheese needed more lobster and cheese as the shells were left dry. The roll was good. The lobsicle's batter coulda used more flavor. All in all not too bad
3	Ok it wasn't great but it wasn't all bad either. I had the Connecticut roll with Cajun fries. The roll itself I have definitely had better, it was lacking that warm buttery flavor. The good thing is that it was stuffed with plenty of lobster. The Cajun fries were pretty good. Customer service was great, nice and friendly and very helpful. I might give them another chance and maybe try Mac and cheese or grilled cheese next time I'm in Vegas, maybe they can redeem themselves.
3	I can't say I am the lobster roll expert, but this lobster roll was a tasty two bites that did not disappoint. I shared it with a friend and I had two bites. It is small...very small. I've had lobster rolls before and this was on the smaller side. The bread was buttered and greasy and the lobster was buttery. Who wouldn't enjoy that? $17 for a roll. The lobster Mac and cheese wasn't my favorite. The cheese had a fake taste like instant Mac and cheese type taste. $12I'm guessing if you're on the strip and drunk willing to blow some money or you just happen to be there and you were hungry, you would probably enjoy your meal. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again.
4	So I've been reading about this place and have wanted to try it next time I was going to be in Vegas. Finally got the opportunity to try the Lobster Roll and the Lobsicle. The flavor was delicious but the price tag was not. I totally believe in trying something once as long as it won't break you too much in the wallet. Now that I've experienced Lobster Me, I won't be trying it again. Maybe I'll go to the Outback Restaurant and get Steak and Lobster for less for my Lobster fix.
4	Though it's fast food, and it's very pricey, I enjoyed my meal very much! I got the lobster Mac and cheese and it was perfect. There was a generous serving of lobster on top of yummy macaroni and cheese. The portions were adequate. I personally can't each that much so I was able to get full off half of the mac and cheese. Some might say it's a small serving, but it was enough for me. I also got the fries to go along with it. Get the combo meal, you pretty much just get the drink for free. They share seating with Fat Tuesday and other places, so we kind of had to wait around to get a table. Also the tables were dirty... But I expect nothing less from a mall restaurant in Vegas haha. I'd come back if I was craving it. Not really a must if you're in Vegas, but it's a good place to try if you've never had it before!
3	Cajun lobster roll was just okay for me, didn't seemed like I ate a whole lobster. Although it was served on a sweet bun which brought out the flavor. For about $20, probably pass.
2	Meh.  I didn't see what the hoopla is all about.  They say there's a pound of lobster in each roll; not sure what measurement scale they're using.   It was nothing to write home about.
2	I came here in August with a bunch of buddies for a bachelor party.  They normally rave about this place but honestly, I have had better.  The Lobster tastes good but the cashiers screwed up multiple orders in our group.  They just kept getting things wrong.  It should be something as simple as confirming they are pressing the correct button on the cash register as what the customer as saying and then confirming that what they are bringing to you matches what is on the receipt.  They shouldn't be leaving it up to the customers to show them a receipt and ask them why what they were given doesn't match what is on the register receipt.
3	This place is a little pricey for what you get but that's understandable when you're serving lobster. I should have just went with my gut and gotten the lobster roll, but instead we tried the fish and chips and lobster grilled cheese. The fish and chips were ok, nothing too special and definitely not worth what we paid. The fries were soggy and gross actually. And you only got one tiny packet of tartar sauce to share. The grilled cheese was good but all of the lobster was on one half, my husbands half, of course!! :-) But overall the grilled cheese was pretty good. I would try it again and stick to the lobster roll.
3	The hubby and I were staying at the Elara so we were always passing by this place whenever we went anywhere. I LOVE lobster so we HAD to stop and give it a try.We got the Connecticut style lobster roll + a cup of clam chowder and a drink for $21+tax. The lobster roll was nice and buttery and the bread was nice and toasty, but still soft. I was surprised at the tenderness of the lobster and the subtle sweetness it had. The clam chowder was just aiet. I used to live on the East coast so no clam chowder compares, but it was nice and warm, which really hit the spot.Yeah, it's a bit pricey for the amount of food you get, but what do you expect? It's lobster!
3	Expensive, but good. I had the lobster roll. I've had better, but this was pretty good. But $14 for a lobster roll???
3	DISCLAIMER: The photos are deceiving! The rolls are at least 1/3 smaller and the large generous pieces of lobster meat are non-existent. To add insult, the prices have increased.It's really a shame. If you look at photos posted just a year ago, the rolls are stuffed with a heaping of lobster meat, even full pieces of claw meat, and looks absolutely tantalizing. The roll we got was small (think a thick slice of bread - like Texas Toast folded in half) and it was barely filled with chopped up lobster meat. So, what happened? I want to know where were my lobster claws and why was I robbed of lobster??Original Maine Style Lobster Roll ($17): Chilled lobster meat mixed with mayo and spices and served on a toasted, buttered brioche. Accompanied by a side of lightly dressed cole slaw. The bread was soft and flavorful and the lobster meat seemed good. It was nice with the freshly-squeezed lemon. Again, I would have really enjoyed it if there was enough lobster meat. There was too much bread to the amount of lobster and we actually had a couple bites with NO lobster! This was really disappointing for the price.We opted for the Fries + Drink combo (+$3) and went for Cajun Fries (+$1). The beer-battered fries were crispy and delicious. The Cajun version was well-seasoned and I loved the addition of chopped scallions. FYI: If you choose a fountain drink, it has unlimited refills.Lobster Mac & Cheese ($12): This was just okay. The pasta was dry with not nearly enough sauce and the lobster meat was, again, skimpy. There was nothing special about this dish as it wasn't flavorful and there wasn't enough lobster to taste it within the dish.The Lobsicle ($14): Lobster tail on a stick and it's available grilled or fried. I went with fried which has a light coating of their beer batter and it's served with melted butter and lemon wedge. This was absolutely delightful. The lobster was cooked nicely and the batter was crispy. I loved the fresh lemon juice and butter for dipping. I really did enjoy the food, however, I don't like feeling cheated, so I can't say I'll return or recommend the "World's Best Lobster Roll" (meh).Note: They offer a locals discount of 20%! Just show the cashier your Nevada ID.
1	Don't you dare come here! I know lobster is expensive but come on, I expect to be full after having a lobster roll and bisque. My girl was dissapointed as hell. REALLY! The bisque was blah, the bread was stale and the roll was done in two bites. There goes $33Plus there is no real seating area, just small tables next to the noisy Fat Tuesday's bar!Their customer service looked like they were lost and didn't care! SKIP IT PLEASE!
5	I loved my Lobster roll! It was just perfect! The roll was nice and buttery, the lobster was fresh and tasty, served at just the right temperature, and the fries were to die for. The customer service was excellent. The gal even have us directions to our next destination.While it's a bit pricey, it's lobster for crying out loud. I highly recommend it! You will love it!!
4	Small business located inside of Planet Hollywood and right next to Fat Tuesday!FOOD:Connecticut Style Lobster Roll $17(warm lobster meat tossed in butter)The lobster rolls here are AMAZING. Lobster tastes fresh and chunky. The bread is fat , soft on the inside, slightly crispy on the outside, and drenched in butter goodness. Only downfall is that all the lobster rolls here are very small. Even though it is served with a complimentary small salad on the side, do expect to still be hungry!Original Maine Style Lobster Roll $17(chilled lobster with mayo and spices)This lobster roll equally had fresh chunky lobster. The flavorings tasted simply like lemon and pepper. Still good, but I prefer mines warm.Clam Chowder +$4The clam chowder was good. The soup was not gelatinous but was smooth. It had good chunks of potatoes and other good stuff.Blueberry Lemonade $4This drink was really good. Not too sour. Not too sweet. Just perfect.Apple Cider $4This drink is really unique. It doesn't have a strong apple flavor, but more of a orange spiced apple. Overall, good places to go for quality lobster. But VERY expensive for such small portion sizes. Great place if you don't have a huge appetite!
3	I ordered the clam chowder today and thought that it was ok. The soup itself was good, however, the clams were way overdone...very tough. Prices are super high...nice thing about my chowder was it came in a sourdough bread bowl. Having been spoiled by the food truck in Austin called Garbo's which has the most amazing lobster rolls, I was hesitant to ruin my pure image of a true lobster roll. So, I refrained from ordering one. Nonetheless, I did get the chowder...because who can ruin a clam chowder? Well, the clams had been cooking too long. But you be the judge. After all, it's Vegas. Plenty of dining options to be had here.
5	The lobster roll and lobster and chips are great! Happy to pay $17 and $13 for each of them
1	I rarely guve low reviews... but the pictures are deceiving.... servings are super small and food over priced. The rolls are decent but gone in two bites.... everything else we ordered (fish n chips, calm chowder) was not very good to be honest...
4	Surprising it the best way to describe Lobster Me. Not sure but this seems to be a food truck concept that is now brick and mortar ? This walk up mall location offers a wide variety of all things Lobster indulgent. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-miracle-mile-shops-las-vegas#JDyPbRNg_ctDq6kfOnkx5g It's like Forrest Gump for Lobster. Lobster Rolls,Lobster Mac'n cheese, Lobster grilled cheese sammie,   Lobster Bisque, Lobster Tacos, Lobster deep fried, Lobster salad and what ?  Lobster ice cream( oh yes that too).  To be clear even though it's a walk up order counter, don't expect cheap prices. The 2 Lobster taco combo will set you back $17 but the are well worth the splurge for fast casual dining. Large and fluffy chunks of freshly steamed lobster meat fill the taco. These are not "langostinos" or left over rubbery stuff often passed off as lobster, this is bona fide lobby goodness. Squeeze that lime onto the sweet spot of the taco with the cabbage, pico, and some of their chipotle cream sauce and oh my. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-miracle-mile-shops-las-vegas#XGE7RtVxumyCtrmgyAxwhwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/lobster-me-miracle-mile-shops-las-vegas#9yhob1WCQSRGkIa5x2RWjgSurprising to say the least. I wish I had a bigger appetite when I was there but this was mid afternoon, pre-dinner snack that two of us shared and it was perfect.   I will go back and try the other goodies next time I am in town. Wonder when these are gonna make their Cali debut?
2	El diablo lobster roll: Flavorless and small portion $18Lobster mac & cheese: flavorless and dry (had to add ketchup to eat) $12Chowder fries: pretty nice! Small portion for $6Its no wonder people are flocking to chipotle right around the corner. For a fast food style restaurant the prices and portions are a downer even on the strip.
5	I had the original lobster roll, my husband had the lobster grilled cheese, both delicious. Great option if you are in Vegas and looking for a quick bite for lunch.
1	Long wait (30 minutes) for a bowl of lobster bisque - and then when I finally received my order it was tasteless and watery. I should have ordered something else instead.
5	Delicious...the lobsicle is delicious and so is the lobster bisque soup.. the most delicious meal u have  eaten.
3	It's ok they could do better with the flavor in some of there food
