5	Bravo to Craig DeMarco and his partners in Upward Projects as they have done it again!I was lucky enough to be able to attend the soft opening last week for their newest concept: awesome wood fired pizza.  The remodeled First Federal Savings & Loan building has been transformed in to a modern upscale pizzeria. There's even a pick-up window in place of the bank's old drive-thru lane. (Very, very cool).The pizza was amazing and the ingredients are fresh and creative (think beets and brussell sprouts). I was also impressed with the wine list and very happy to see local az wines on the menu.  The entire menu of beer and wine can be ordered to go so you can enjoy them at home.  I can't wait to update this review as I work my way through the menu.
5	So excited this is open! The pizza is delicious, and the wine coolers are refreshing and fun! The space is gorgeous. I look forward to many date nights at Federal Pizza! Way to go Upward!
5	Are you kidding me!? So wonderful. Such a great atmosphere. Incredible attention to detail. And as always, best staff ever. When mention of a wine cooler was made to me, I was not as excited as I should have been... but grapefruit ginger, all my wildest drink dreams came true. We ordered the FA & Veg Board and the Casanova Pizza, both were amazing, beyond my expectations. Best wood fired pizza in Phoenix, hands down. (I am actually shocked to see someone would even find Humble Pie comparable?)Great job, can not wait to come back.
5	I absolutely love every restaurant these guys roll out.  They've done it again with Federal Pizza.There are a lot of great places to get pies in this town but only a few good sit down and drink and eat pizza places.  I love LGO but it's all the way in Arcadia.  This place is just as good.  We tried the brussel sprout pizza w/pancetta (I was sceptical but it was awesome) and the meatball pizza.  The meatballs here are a 3 meat mixture including veal and schreiners sausage.  It was unbelievable.  Ok, the beer.  Growlers (64oz) of ANY of the drafts are $15 and $10 to refill.  Apparently if you order food to go you get a 50% discount on beer to go which means $5 growler refills.  I'll be coming here quite often.  The beers are diverse and unique.  I picked up a growler of Green Flash IPA (8% ABV) and because they just opened I got it for $10 to start.  Such an awesome deal.GET OVER HERE RIGHT NOW AND TRY IT!!!!!
4	I am so lucky to live in the Upward Projects Group Triangle--With the addition of Federal Pizza--my little part of the world has three great restaurants in walking distance--Federal Pizza is my favorite because i don't have to cross central and its the closest to my house.:)   Anyway--on to the food we shared a salad and a pizza and both hit a perfect note--salad had beets and pears in a great citrus vinaigrette--just enough to clear the palate--tonite we had a margherita pizza--crust was perfectly done and held up under the flavorful juicy tomatoes-- my only suggestion is that I would appreciate if there were a couple of wines by the glass and a price point closer to 7 instead of 9--but other than that--the restaurant itself is great looking as well, casual and modern.  It was also nice to see lots of folks who seem to know each other--certainly a great addition to  our neighborhood.
4	We have been waiting for Federal Pizza to open. We tried it today and had the Casanova pizza, the Big Star pizza, and the wedge salad.  It was very good. Our waiter was arrogant and not much help.  We did like Zack and he told us about the restaurant and answered our questions. We will definitely go back but hope some of the wait staff are a little nicer to neighborhood folks.
5	We just ate at this new uptown restaurant tonight. It was great. We sat at the pizza bar. We were entertained by the busy pizza dough flippers. The Big Star pizza we ordered was delicious! We will definitely go back. All the other food coming out of the oven looked yummy too. Can not wait to try more. Great ambiance!
5	I will start by saying that I am a BIG Upward Projects fan, so I might be a little biased. Windsor and Postino are two of my favorite restaurants, so I was extremely excited to try their new venture - Federal Pizza.Our waiter was fantastic, recommending selections from each section of the menu. Because it was a work lunch, we didn't sample one of their wine coolers that consist of a house made infusion and sparkling wine, but I WILL be back for happy hour one day to try them out.The atmosphere is really great - the windows fill the whole place with light and mid-century modern decor is abound. One of the small details I loved is that each table has a different style of salt & pepper shakers, so it was fun to look around and see the fun varieties. Being an Upward Project, the restaurant features cozy & comfy seating as well as a fantastic bar set-up and patio.For starters we got the corn coins (marinated/cheese covered corn cobs sliced into coins) and they were delicious. Sweet & salty. We also got the baratta and bread and it was also tasty. If I had to chose one, I would get the corn coins since they are not something you see on other menus in town.We decided to skip salad this trip and split two pizzas - the Casanova (featuring dates, prosciutto and arugula) and the Manifesto (featuring Shriner's sausage, mushrooms, onions and cheese). Both were incredible, and how could they not be on the doughy yet crunchy Michael Coe crust. It's my favorite crust in town now, so look out Parlor! I already am excited about my next trip there. If you love Windsor and Postino, run, don't walk, to Federal Pizza. You won't be sorry!
4	I came here last week with my sisters and some other friends. We had been planning to hang out at Postino but they were packed so we walked over to check out the new place. I was very disappointed and not really in the mood for a hipster pizza joint but it must have been fate since it was there that I found my new love: wine coolers!  I know what you are thinking: "wine coolers? As in those sickly sweet bottles of crap from theeighties!?!" No, my friends, these are totally different.  Made with fresh fruit pulp and muddled herbs that are strained and then poured over Spanish champagne, they are absolutely delicious. Between the seven of us at the table we tried every flavor and they were all fantastic.  My favorites were the ginger one and the strawberry rhubarb. They were so crisp and refreshing! A ton of flavor but not too sweet. I know we also had some tasty appetizers but now I can't even remember what they were because I was so enamored with the drinks. I guess I will have to come back and try the pizza atsome point.
5	The wine coolers are dangerously good!~
4	I am a big Upward Projects fan. Love love love Postinos. And I really love what they are doing with the older buildings on Central. Federal Pizza is in an old bank building (by Al Beadle), with a really nice open layout, big windows, a nice patio out front, retro decor - every table had different salt & pepper shakers & there are different mid-century lights around the building. And the kitchen is open with the oven right out there in view. Loved the decor. I went with friends from work for lunch the other day, (maybe a week after they opened) and then with another friend from out of town & my husband last night.  The food was fabulous each time!Loved the wood-fired pizza. The dough is great - chewy and crisp all at once (cudos to Michael Coe) - probably the second best in town. Better than Bianco's & better than the Parlor. Maybe not quite as good as, but very very close to Grazies. I've had the Manifesto (with Schriners sausage), the Casanova (with arugula, dates & prosciutto) and the Big Star Pizza (Schriners Sausage, red & Yellow peppers, roasted onions, etc.). They were all great. We also had the Corn Coins (both times!) - roasted corn with cheese, herbs & salt - cut into little coins that are great to munch on.  We also had the baratta & bread, which was good...but I think they could have added some kind of little tid-bit to go with it as baratta is good, but best when you have something else spicy/sweet/savory to put a dab on it with the bread. We also had the wedge salad last night - and it was great. Very flavorful, nice fresh lettuce, crispy bacon, etc. We loved it. Next time I'll order my own rather than sharing...it was that good.I was particularly excited to try their "wine coolers"...but don't even think about the bottles sweet wine cooler things in the grocery store. I had the Grapefruit & ginger wine cooler, and it was spectacular. I loved it. So fresh & flavorful and just a tiny bit sweet. Service was great both times - our waiter at lunch was incredibly helpful and made great suggestions.  I can't wait to go back for Happy Hour - they have the 5$ before 5 deal just like Postinos. Great new restaurant - go try it!
5	LOVED IT!  It was a perfect dinner!  I went with a group of 5 and we each picked a different entree and a few appetizers to share, we also got a few pitchers of beer and my friend and her date got the wine coolers.  Everything was delicious, fresh ingredients, the service was amazing.  John, was the server who showed us to our table.  What a gentleman, very courteous and knowledgeable!  Ask for him when being seated, you won't be disappointed.  I have a habit of drinking 6-8 glasses of water during dinner and my cup was refilled promptly and I never went thirsty.The pizza was AMAZING!  The feel of the restaurant is very cool, the lighting is great, I would even go there on a date.  I can't wait to go back!  I am not sure which of the pizzas was my favorite since I tried 3 different ones and they were all amazing.
5	Great new addition to the Central/Camelback corridor!  The group behind Postino, Windsor and Churn have certainly done it again!  The atmosphere is great...very busy and good vibe.  The service was friendly, efficient and made great recommendations.  The food was very tasty too...definitely try the meatballs and grilled veggies as an app and the big star and brussel sprout pizzas were a hit too.  Be prepared to wait 30+ minutes for a table...at least on a Friday night, but it is definitely worth the wait.
4	Woohoo, I finally visit a place that's newly opened! Ahead of the curve for once! :)Visited Federal Pizza after the great review from Chow Bella (I think...) regarding the Corn Coins. Went after work on a Thursday, and while the place was very busy, my friend and I were seated immediately.Service was a little slow, but, like I said, it was very busy. Plus, the extra time gave us plenty of time to debate the menu and choose what we wanted!We ended up ordering the At Last pizza, Corn Coins, and wine coolers (I had the hibiscus one-- delicious!)The pizza was GREAT!! It has chiles on it, which adds a little spice and unexpected flavor. The crust held all the veggies really well, but the veggies didn't even overwhelm the pizza. All in all, great!My friend didn't exactly like the thin crust, but as long as you know it's thinner crust pizza going in, you should be okay.Disappointing? The Corn Coins. They got a great review from the New Times, but I just didn't like them. I don't know what I was expecting, but they were messy to eat, corn got all up in our teeth, and it was just generally 'meh.' If you love corn, or know what you're getting into with corn coins, go for it! I just wouldn't order it again. Also-- NOT recommended for first dates!Unexpectedly amazing? The WINE COOLERS! Oh yeah buddy! They bring you the wine cooler in an old school glass bottle that you then pour yourself into a wine glass filled with ice.My (raspberry? can't remember) hibiscus wine cooler was awesome!! Surprisingly strong, and incredibly delicious. I think I'm going to get 5... I mean 2... the next time I go to FP!It was ~$20 for both of us, with an appetizer, a split pizza, and drinks. The only other thing I wasn't a fan of was the parking... I KNOW the owners of FP (along with their other restaurants) love doing the complimentary valet parking, I'm just not a fan of having to carry dollars around with me for tip. I don't really carry money around at all, and it's just something else to remember.All said though, I'll go back. Mostly because of those wine coolers :)
5	Loved it!  Bianco watch out!
4	As a long time fan of Postino and Windsor, when my best foodie friend sent me a reminder about the opening of Federal Pizza, we promptly scheduled our next Girls' Night for dinner there.  We had a bit of a wait, but there was adequate seating by the parking area, so it wasn't a big deal.  We were shown to our table on the patio to enjoy the wonderful October weather.We decided to split a pitcher of Pilsner Urquell (although they have many great choices, including cans of Big Sky Moose Drool) and the burrata appetizer.  Our waitress was sweet and checked on us regularly without seeming pushy.  The pitcher soon arrived, quickly followed by the burrata.  The grilled bread had a great charred flavor and a soft interior, it was probably our favorite part of the dish.  Although the burrata had a great texture and was definitely fresh, we felt it could have benefitted from a bit of a flavor boost, such as a hit of lemon zest, some basil or a nice spicy Calabrian style chili olive oil.  The menu states the burrata comes with olive oil and sea salt, but for some reason, these taste elements seemed to be missing from our portion.  Overall a B for this appetizer.  The quality of the ingredients was definitely there, but the flavor profile was just a bit MEH.After a few minutes, our waitress stopped by to see if we were ready to proceed with ordering more food.  We were, and asked to share the wedge salad and the brussels sprout pizza.  There was a bit of confusion, I probably didn't specify the brussels sprout  pizza, so the waitress put in our order for the brussels sprout side dish.  Our wedge salad arrived, the kitchen was kind enough to split the salad to ensure we each got our share of all the tasty gorgonzola, dates and Schreiner's bacon.  The salad nicely hit all the flavors, with very fresh lettuce and ripe cherry tomatoes to boot.  Then, another server brought our brussels sprout side dish.  OOPS.... no big deal, we clarified we had wanted the brussels sprout pizza.  They were quick to rectify this tiny mistake, with a manager stopping by to let us know the pizza was on them for the error.  Wow, that's the kind of service we know and love from all the Uptown Projects restaurants!  Completely unnecessary to comp the pizza for the confusion, but a very nice touch and greatly appreciated.The pizza arrived a few minutes later.  The crust was completely different than other popular Phoenix area thin crust wood-fired pizza havens, not the best, but definitely not the worst.  The toppings were what put this pizza over the top for both of us.  We are both huge fans of brussels sprouts, especially when they are roasted and crispy.  Add salty pancetta bits, some garlic love, melty manchego cheese and top it all off with some lemon zest to brighten the whole flavor profile, and this pizza is definitely a winner.I wish I could give 4 1/2 stars, as Federal is better than a 4 star, but not quite to the perfection of a 5 star.  I will definitely visit again and try some of the other interesting sounding pizza combos on their menu.
5	I went here for the first time today for lunch. The food was amazing and the service was outstanding! We shared a pizza which was a perfect size and also ordered the wine coolers. The wine coolers were GREAT! I had the raspberry and lavender wine cooler and am now trying to figure out how I can make them at home! I am looking forward to making this one of my new regular spots. Can't wait to go back!
4	This place is really good!  The location is perfect and the atmosphere is really urban with a hipster feel to it.  We went during the week and it was semi-busy but we sat at the Pizza bar in front of the kitchen.  The guys in the kitchen were really nice and super talkative which was an added addition.We ordered the Meatball pizza and the Cesar salad to share.  The salads are a big portion so you can share or have as an entree by itself.  The pizzas are also big enough to share.  The dough had a really good crisp texture and the toppings (cheese, sauce and meatballs) were really fresh and flavorful.  I cannot wait to come back and try some other items on the menu.I have to agree that the waiters were not overly friendly, they were not rude but didn't go the extra mile to be friendly.  The guys in the kitchen rock though!
4	My friends and I did lunch at the newly opened Federal Pizza. It was pretty busy for 11 A.M., and after going there, I can understand why.The decor is awesome. Unique salt & pepper shakers at each table, a long bar, open-sided booths, and an open kitchen. Plus, there is a drive-thru pick-up window. We ordered the fig & prosciutto, the margarita, and the corn & green chili pizza. While I think I actually like Humble Pie's pizzas better (they're both of the same wood-fired style, but Humple Pie's flavors are richer and there isn't as much crust), these pies were tasty. Lots of toppings and fresh ingredients. They go light on the cheese, but that's okay. Makes you feel less guilty about eating half of an entire pizza.The best part of the meal, though? The wine coolers. These aren't some Seabreeze or Boonsfarm stuff. These are fantastically flavored, bubbly, and refreshing coolers. And at $5 for a bottle full, they're a screaming deal.  (All their beer pitchers, wine coolers, and glasses of wine are $5 before 5 PM, FYI.)I did see some of the pasta and salad dishes folks ordered, and they looked pretty darn tasty.  Needless to say, I'll be back.
5	Love, Love, Love!  I've been here two weekends in a row now.  The sibling restaurant to Postino/Churn finally figured out the beer scene with some decent draft choices and the option of keeping the party going at home with growlers and chubs.  The wine coolers were delicious - moreso I found with a straw, but that might be personal preference.  Strawberry Rhubarb is my favorite (so far). The pizza is great - in the same vein as Humble Pie and Cibo - but better.  In Phoenix, I think only The Parlor could be better.  But when I'm jonesing for a meatball pizza, I'm headed to Federal.  Cozy/swanky interior, sweet little patio outside.  I read about the Corn Coins so we checked them out, but the Mister Mister was better.  Corn is corn.  Corn with cheese is corn with cheese.  Delicious, but not groundbreaking.  Our new go-to for sure!!It's our new go-to restaurant.
1	I live around the corner from LGO/Postino Arcadia and am a regular and fan of both. Windsor is great as well. Federal is a disappointment and tragedy. I'm not sure whether all these positive reviews are paid for by Federal or sponsored, or just by clueless foodies because they are outright lies. For a restaurant group that makes amazing pizza's at LGO, I'm shocked as too how disappointing and what a big letdown the pizzas are here. They are all overly oily and soggy in the middle. I've tried four different pies on two separate occasions and everyone in my party felt the same way and it didn't sound like anyone was going to go back for a while until the soggy dough and oily topping issues were fixed. When I was there on 11/08/2012 a co-worker had a stellar meatball sandwich, soft airy fresh baked pizza dough as the bread, fresh melted mozzarella, great meatballs and sauce, simple, traditional and delicious. Went back on 11/11/2012 to have the meatball sandwich that looked so good a few days earlier, talk about being letdown. For some reason the sandwich had been reinvented, it now had barely any meatballs on it and they had been supplemented with a ridiculous amount of caramelized like onions and the bread which was amazing on the previous occasion was hard as a rock. What in the world, massive amounts of onions on a meatball hero with barely any meatballs to be found, confusing. The pizza was no better, still soggy in the middle and disappointing. All restaurants have kinks to work out when they first open, but for a successful restaurant group that's hit homeruns with pizza before, there should be no kinks to work out with the pizza, nor should the simplest thing in the world, a meatball hero go from amazing to gross in three days. Another issue we experienced both times there is the service. Plenty of staff onsite, the problem is finding someone to help you or them coming back to check on you. Both times we sat around with empty drinks for a half-hour and had to hunt down someone to get a refill or the check. Plus this staff is very different than the staff at their other establishments, seems like a bunch of self-entitled hipsters that are too important are running the show. I'll stick to LGO for pizza from this crew; hopefully they don't experiment with that perfect formula.
5	Federal Pizza is absolutely deserving of 5 stars. Amazing food, friendly staff, nice atmosphere. All around this place is great.The boyfriend and I hit up Federal PIzza for lunch on a Saturday. It was busy but we were able to snag a comfy booth in the middle. Our waiter, I think his name was Dan, was immediately welcoming, funny and charming. The menu has lots of yummy-sounding choices but we decided to try the wedge salad and the prosciutto pizza. The salad was a bit of a twist on the traditional wedge. It was made with romaine instead of iceberg (which was a welcome change) and had dates, tomatoes and ranch dressing with gorgonzola instead of the traditional bleu cheese. The size was generous - at least for two - and the flavor combinations worked well. A good start to the meal.The pizza was out of this world. Loaded with fresh prosciutto, arugula, dates and ricotta cheese. This is easily my new favorite pizza in the valley. The crust was doughy and chewy in the best way possible and cooked perfectly. Every bite was delicious and surprisingly filling.Of course we did save room for dessert (there's always room for dessert). We ordered the donuts with chocolate sauce. There were eight pretty big donuts covered in sugar and served hot. Not warn, hot. Yum. Dip those suckers in the chocolate sauce and you'll have a hot donut celebration. One thing I thought was a little weird was that they took our dinner plates and did not bring small plates for the donuts. Our table was a mess of sugar afterwards. But who cares, they were delish.Overall I was very impressed with Federal Pizza. I already want to go back. Hopefully they will open one in the East Valley, pretty please???
5	Arrived on a Saturday night around 8pm and the restaurant was full with a 30 minute wait.  Not sure what I was expecting, but was surprised, as moving to uptown Phoenix recently, I have found most restaurants close early and restaurants seem to clear out by 9pm.  Federal Pizza is an exception as it stays open as late as midnight on Friday & Saturday nights.  The evening started out perfectly, as once we checked in, we were offered drinks while we waited.  Time always seems to go by quicker with a cocktail in hand.  After about a  20 minute wait, we were seated.  The restaurant is beautiful, clean and smelled great.  We ordered a combination pizza and a couple appetizers.  The pizza had wonderful flavors but the only flaw was a less than crispy crust, that I blame on all of the toppings.  Next time we might try something without so many toppings.  As parking is tight in this neighborhood, you must use the valet or expect a bit of a walk.  As I have mentioned in previous reviews, I am not a big fan of valet and even worse, the valet guy called me "Boss" which for some reason rubs me the wrong way.  Message to valet guys, I prefer to be called "Sir" or 'Your Majesty"
5	Upward restuarants does it again.  I love the concept of revamping old buildings.  The food was good.  Service good.  We just happened to hit the first night of official business.  Pizza and friend polenta was carb over-load but so good.  Trendy and cool.  I am nostalgic for the old Humpty Dumpty building next door, that housed the closed Aeillos, this will be the next venture.  Central Avenue is moving and shaking.
4	It is no secret that I'm a huge fan of this restaurant group - Postino's, Windsor, and now Federal Pizza all have prominent spots on my date-night list.  I was lucky enough to be dining out with a birthday girl during their first week, so we snagged a reservation.  It was awesome to skip through the long wait and get straight to the good stuff.  Our server was just the right percentage hipster without being too much.  He was friendly and knowledgable, and we had a few good laughs with him throughout the night.  We ordered the burrata appetizer, which was delicious, but we needed more bread to go with it.  Don't be skimpy, Federal!  The date, ricotta, and arugula pizza was incredibly delicious, but was a tad heavy on the dates and needed more prosciutto.  I'm more of a fan of the fig spread that can be found at Postino's... the dates are just a bit too chewy and strong.  A swap out would be good!Best part?  The absolutely divine homemade wine coolers.  The combination of flavors were perfect (we sampled them all between all of the girls at our table).  This alone would make me return! Well done, Federal.... well done.
4	After biking by this place several times before it opened, finally got to go. On a Thursday night, there was a 45 minute wait. At first I was bemoaning it but then I figured it's better than waiting 4 hours at Pizzeria Bianco. I went for the burrata--which I could have just sustained myself on that. The house-made soft cheese was the perfect texture and not too salty. The scoop they give is plenty split between 3-4 people with the accompanying crostinis. I tried two different pizzas: one with mushroom and Schreiner's sausage, the other was "The Casanova" _ prosciutto, dates, ricotta and arugula. I never thought of dates on pizza but I'm a believer. The dates' sweetness combined with the prosciutto is almost heaven-sent. I liked that much better and would fight off anyone who tried to take my share. I know it may be kind of sucky that their pizzas are only available in one size. But hey, that means you get leftovers of some really fantastic pizza.The vibe is definitely a cross of hipster and white-collar work crowd. Valet parking is the only option since the surrounding streets do not allow parking. Blah. Hoping the next time I go, it will be on my bike. Also, if it's packed, it may be hard to hear people if you're seated inside.
4	We went during the first week it was open. We LOVE Windsor and Postino's so we really wanted to try out their new spot! The food... DELICIOUS! WE had the veggie board, and the sweet potato pizza. Both were great! I loved the food. :) The hostesses didn't seem to be on the same page though. We had one tell us we would be in a booth, and ask if we needed a high-chair, another come after to take us to our seats outside at a table, for 4 (we were a group of 5)  and again, ask us if we needed a high chair. I will let all that slide since it was their first week. One other suggestion though.... Bike rack! Great location for bikers, but no place to lock up! Also it seems kinda odd that there is no entrance from the street. Overall, great food! Can't wait to go back and try some other pizzas!
5	Everything about this place is top notch, atmosphere, service, and food is second to none.  Will definately be coming back time and time again.
5	Great Pizza, Good Beer. What more can I say?
5	I really enjoyed this place. For starters the staff was super nice. The atmosphere was really up beat hard not to have a good time. We came in towards the end of happy hour and the drink specials were great. I love the pizza here we will have to come back here again.
4	We visited Federal Pizza a week after it opened to give the crowds a bit to die down (of course they never do). The interior is charming, as with all of the Upward Project restaurant designs. We are very excited to have another wonderful neighborhood restaurant. Drive through lane: If you call in your order, you can pull in to pick it up via the drive through lane. Very happy with this, as you don't have to get out of your car (like at Postino's), given it is a majority valet parking. Staff: Staff is awesome and friendly.Pizza: To date, we have tried the Big Star Pizza (a family favorite); Also one with prosciutto and dates (my personal favorite); and one with meatballs (our least favorite). Pizza dough was a tad doughy, otherwise it is fantastic.Dessert: Must try the chocolate mouse with the oreo crust and home made marshmellows on top. My only complaint is that they can't make it up to go via drive through :(
5	Yay for another restaurant from the Postino people! The atmosphere is everything you've come to expect from Postino/LGO/Windsor/Churn - hip and minimalist with lots of tattoos.The prices are excellent - ~$12-14 for a pizza that is about right for 2 people. Pitchers of beer for $5, including some craft and local brews. Growlers for $15!The food was delicious. We had a pepperoni pizza and a specialty pizza with fig, arugula, goat cheese, and prosciutto. Both were good, but I really loved the specialty pie (can't remember the name now). The crust is very thin, but chewy instead of crunchy - similar to Bianco in that way. They have many different specialty options, but you can also make your own, mixing any combination of probably 40 different ingredients. Of course they have Schreiner's sausage, since that is all the rage in Phoenix these days.They also have a great patio for sitting outside when the weather is beautiful (like Thanksgiving weekend!).Parking in the lot is not plentiful, but there's typically enough on the neighboring streets.
4	Wow, another great restaurant by a fine set of operators.  The vibe in the restaurant is awesome, decor is subtle & stellar and the staff is phenomenal.  Pizza was above average, have not picked out my favorite yet, but all 3 of the ones we ordered were terrific.  Their take on the wine cooler was very refreshing and extremely tasty.  Unfortunately have only been there once, but look forward to going back very soon.  The pricing was more than fair especially for the quality of food you will be getting.  Great job!
5	Awesome pizza.  Great prices.  Super attentive service, team approach.  Had the Casonova Pizza--Ricotta, arugula, and prosciutto.   Don't pass up dessets and pitchers of good beer.   Definitely coming back.  Zach our waiter was the best by the way.
5	I was there for lunch on a Saturday. It was fantastic in every way. The porchetta sandwich was brilliant. Would recommend splitting the porchetta sandwich with a pizza with friends. We has the Casanova Pizza. It was incredible. The pizza was like a four-part harmony with the fig as the soprano soaring over the chord. The pecorino served as a nice and sharp bass note while the rest melded together beautifully. Top 3 pizza in my life. Had a wine cooler. Interesting, but I should've known that I wouldn't want all of that sweetness. Much more of a beer guy. Speaking of, you must get the Sierra Nevada Hefe. It's one of the best I've ever had.Beautiful restaurant, happy people that care about the food. This is a must.(Sorry for the shoddy writing, I tapped this out on my phone)
4	Went to this new Upward Project restaurant last Friday for date night with my boyfriend.  We had been wanting to try it for awhile, as we both LOVE Postinos, Windsor, and well, pizza!  I had an email from my birthday which gave us a guaranteed reservation and free dessert.  I called in the car on the way there, and they said they would put my name at the top of the list.  When we arrived, they had already put my name in and said they would call when ready.  Well 40 minutes later, my boyfriend went to ask about how much longer, and they had lost my reservation.  We went back to wait, this time only about 5 minutes.  Sadly though, when they came to seat us, we were jammed in at the hot and crowded pizza oven bar.  One of the seats we were given was not even a regular seat with a back, rather a bar stool from the outside.  We quickly said that will not do, and the hostess seated us in a cute, romantic booth by the patio.  Problem solved...thank you Federal Pizza!Now that all is well, we ordered the brussel sprout side dish and the date, ricotta, arugula, and prosciutto pizza.  The brussel sprouts were a little lemony, but the panchetta made everything better.  The pizza was delicious...I would highly recommend trying it! The silver lining about this place is they will come take your drink order while you wait for your table, then add it to your tab at the end.  For a trendy place like this, I will happily wait if there is a big glass of Cab in my hand!  Can't wait to go back and experiment with more pizzas!
4	Had my birthday dinner there on Monday night and it was delish!  This high praise is a BIG deal because I almost never have pizza and have high expectation of the Upward group as well!  The pizzas and pasta were wonderful although we over ordered for our group size but the real star was the wine cooler.  With cute presentation and great flavors, these bevvies were a hit.  I dig the ambiance and the drive through pick up lane and am betting this concept multiplies quickly.  One small quibble: the food is fairly high priced as pizza goes, which I don't mind but I really think the wine coolers should be priced more humbly (or  have specials that make up for it).
5	I don't like pizza.  I have no idea why I thought it was a good idea to go to this place, but it was new and we LOVE Windsor and Churn and Postino, so...here we go...Holy COW was I in heaven.  I LOVED this place. The architecture and the nice touches with decor and charm. I was so comfortable.  The server was awesome, and the wine was really good. GREAT choices and you can carry out wine too!The food was simply amazing. Hands down better than any other place I have eaten in a while. I couldn't believe the Pizza!  Amazing. My salad was awesome, and the brussel sprouts are outstanding.  My son had the dessert and it was so cool...they made a pudding type s'more thing...I am not going to be able to do it justice!!I can't wait to go back again. I am dreaming about the clever pizza toppings and eager to try something new.Thank you for changing my life. I love Federal Pizza!P.S. My birthday was two weeks ago and I didn't get a birthday e-mail.  So sad.
1	This was highly disappointing. We ordered two pizzas the pepperoni and the Big Star. Both were extremely salty and the crust was soggy. I was really expecting more since we really enjoy the food at both Windsor and Postino's. If you are looking for good pizza this is not the place. We will stick to Pino's for take out and Cibo or Pizzeria Bianco for date nights. It was also pricier than other great pizza places in town.
5	Little Gem Caesar . . . perfect for two to share.  Big Star pizza . . . so good!  Loved the decor!  Beer, food and tip came to just under $40.LOVED this place!  Nice feel on the inside and out.  Great decor.  Candles were such a nice touch.  Loved sitting at the bar.  Bartender and server were very pleasant.  Music was loud but just loud enough (you could still have a conversation).  Best part is it's in my neighborhood.  Welcome to the neighborhood Federal Pizza.  I can't wait to go back!
3	I really really wanted to LOVE this place, as I love all things Postino and Windsor, but after two trips I can't really say more than it was just A-Ok.  There was nothing particularly bad at all, but nothing really jumped out at me and made me want to rush back either.  The staff here is all VERY friendly and accommodating, so it's not the service at all that needs improvement.  Our first trip was a bit late, and we looked on the website and it said they served till midnight on Friday.  Nope, 11pm, bar only for drinks till 12am, but the manager was kind enough to seat us for a few pizza's.  We ordered the brussels sprout pizza and the one with schreiner's sausage.  We received the brussels sprout one first, and were told there was a problem with the dough on our other pizza.  The first one was good, the crust is near perfection.  I wanted the flavors of the toppings to be more, I don't know, memorable though?  We got pizza #2, and while the first was perfectly round, this one was all mishapen and completely flat as if the crust did not rise or the dough was overworked.  The flavors of the toppings on the sausage one were very good though.  So, they had a bit of a consistency problem, it's understandable during the first week or so.  Our second visit was during prime dinner hours on a Saturday night.  We went up to the bar to wait for our name to be called, had some Sean Minor Pinot that was excellent (but it's the same wine list as Postino so I've had it before), then proceeded to our table.  This time, we wanted to try a few apps, and only one pizza.  We did the olives (nice but my bf prefers the olives at North), the proscioutto fig pizza (no red sauce), and the fried polenta sticks and a salad of some sort that I cannot remember now.  It was just ok.  I wouldn't order this pizza again, it was way too dry.  There were a few pieces that didn't even have any cheese on it at all, and it could have used a heavy dousing of oil or something to moisten it up a bit.  It needed mozzerella in addition to the ricotta, something because that was one dry pizza.  Everything else was acceptable, but after sharing a bottle of wine, our tab was $100.  Granted more than half our bill was alcohol, but I feel like when you are spending a benjamin on a meal, I want to leave feeling slightly more excited about coming back.  The building (Al Beadle), the service (excellent) was awesome.  The food needs just a little more work to be that unbelievably good stuff that keeps people coming back.
5	Yeah, you read that right: 5 stars. Based on last night, it could not possibly have gone any better than it did.A friend of mine, Noelle, had her birthday dinner there last night. There were ten of us in the party. We ordered a few pizzas to share and some of us ordered appetizers as well. I almost gobbled up an entire pizza. I'm not kidding. Sweet baby jesus. The polenta side was nothing short of amazing. Sticks of polenta, deep-fried and then rolled in freshly grated parmesan. It was served with a side of some sort of crazy good sauce on the side. When the order arrived, everyone around me was eyeing my plate. I shared, of course, but not very willingly. I am drooling as I write this, by the way.One of the pizzas we ordered, the Manifesto, was really good. I had 3 pieces! We also ordered the Margherita, the 4-cheese, and one that was covered in fresh greens. I don't even care about the name of it, that's how good it was.One of the girls brought Noelle a gift basket of wines. During the dinner, the basket tipped and one of the wine bottles fell out and smashed on the floor. Noelle cries over spilled wine. Federal Pizza replaced the bottle! It wasn't even bought there! How cool is that?Service was impeccable. I'm a thirsty person. My drink never emptied enough for me to ask for a refill. We were there for 3 hours and the servers we had never forgot about us. Well, it's not like they could. We're an unforgettable crowd.
3	You'd think the combination from the owners of Postinos with Pizza would be a win-win but unfortunately it fell flat. I tried the Big Star and Manifesto Pizza and the Federal  Chop salad; everything was ok and nothing stood out. The atmosphere was fine - nothing exciting and a bit lackluster. One bonus was seeing a car drive up and the pizza was delivered at the door. If I go back I think I'll try that option and save myself some time. I'm hoping I ordered the wrong things and just because of Upward Project's reputation I'll give it a second try. That and they sent me a buy one entree get one free!
5	Pizza. Perfectly charred, amazingly topped, finger licking good, brick oven style pizza. That is what Federal is servin up with every order...I haven't eaten here enough to satisfy my curiosity with how they get all of that crunchy goodness into every. single. freaking. bite!First time I went to Federal Pizza sonny man ate an entire cheese pizza on his own. I mean the kid likes pizza but even I was amazed that he put the whole thing away! I got a single bite of one of his slices... (** disclaimer ** my child is not obese! He's tall and lanky and has the metabolism of an Olympic swimmer) My mom and I split the Big Star and had a few slices each to take home for the next day. Big Star is all kinds of goodness, olives, mushrooms, bell peppers, more olives, and I don't remember what else. So good! No drinks this time as I was driving home with precious cargo.The next time I ordered the Manifesto (** I wish they would split the specialty pies. I hope they figure that out soon). This pizza was topped with sausage, mushrooms, feta cheese, and probably some other good stuff I can't recall at the moment. I also ordered the Grapefruit Ginger Cooler, be careful because this is delish and it will, I repeat it will get you buzzin. There is so, so, so much on the menu that I am killin to try. Uh yeah and I have to get me a growler full of brew to go! Maybe tomorrow for an end of the world jam I'm going to! NTS: get growler.You know there is something special about the decor here also. Orange booths, raised just a tad. Open view to the kitchen area. Long bar. Groovy chandelier. Amazing patio with red chairs. Love it. Like the rest of the Upward Projects restaurants this is a favourite for me in this city. Lots of hipster vibe with both the staff and the patrons. I dig it.
2	Overall, very mediocre, a work in progress.  Food was good to great, service was HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!   Yes, they are new, yes, they were trying, but still failed.  Our waiter was snarky from the get go and then we could see he was frenzied busy! We ordered first courses and then pizza and I ordered a beer.  Our first courses showed up and still no beer?  He failed to establish eye contact from afar with any in our group of six and finally, one of us waved him down to ask about my beer.  He seemed unmoved, walked over and "rang" it in, plopped it rather loudly in front of me, never apologizing or saying a word.  Wow.  We waited at least 20 minutes for our pizza (after our first course was taken away!) while tables around us that were seated much later than we were received their pizzas in a very timely fashion.  We complained and were never apologized to, we just received endless excuses that rang very hollow.  It appeared, to one of my very astute guests, who was watching our waiter like a hawk, that our waiter had simply forgotten to "ring" in our order.  No problem, we all concurred, but he never fessed up and apologized!  We kept getting bs excuses from what appeared to be two managers or?? One was female, the other male.  Both were pleasant but did not seem prepared to choose the proper words or handle the problem.  The young female especially made ridiculous excuses and failed to understand what we were experiencing.  She was sincere and so was the male manager, I will give them that.  Ultimately, they did "good" by comping our appetizers, and our initially snarky waiter became rather pleasant and sincere.  I have been in the restaurant business for 30 years, in the "front" of the house as we call it, and I was shocked overall at how they dropped the ball over and over, though most of it was simple stuff.  I will conclude my review with simple suggestions that the staff at Federal clearly missed.Drinks should always come before food.When a plate or silver is cleared, another set must be replaced for the main course.My water glass should not sit empty, especially when management and other staff could/should be backing up the very bust waiter.If you forget to bring something ordered, apologize and bring it!  A good server will realize that food is taking too long or something is amiss and will intervene BEFORE a guest complains!  Simple damage control!  Once a guest complains, it has turned into a can of worms.  This is what happened here.  I would go here again, but I don't expect their clearly "amateur" level of service to evolve for awhile, so, maybe you should wait to savor their amazing pizzas!
4	Wow Upward Projects, what can't you do?  Congratulations on your take over of Central Ave.  With Federal, Windsor, and Postino there are choices for all.Federal's pizza is baked deliciousness.  Unique combinations on each pizza and excellent starters to choose from compliment the menu and my stomach.  Sandwiches are great and all can be washed down with a great selection of draft beer.  My wife prefers the wine coolers which are very tasty I must admit.  Take home a Chub and anything from the menu.  Enjoy discounted drinks before 5pm.  Take your date here for a nice dinner.  Enjoy the outdoor seating and people, car watch with good food and drink.  Any way you choose to do it you should not be disappointed.   Thank you Upward, and my apologies to Windsor and Postino for the transfer of my business for the time present, but we will be back.
4	Very good pizza. The tomatoes on the margarita were delicious! We also really liked the salad dressing on the salad we ordered. Will definitely return!
4	Federal Pizza is giving my beloved Parlor pizza a run for its money.  The pizza's are great (I've had the LoneStar, the date and proscuitto as well as the brussel sprouts).  The borrata appetizer is great and they've finally caught on that we need more than two slices of MJ's bread.  The ambience as you can expect is fun and whimsy, this is from the LGO guys after all.....for a casual wine and bruschetta night I'd still go to Parlor.  (Parlor also has better dessert and cocktail selections) but for lunch, or a quick bite I think I'd lean towards Federal if not for the beer selection.
5	I am again amazed at how awesome this place is. A busy Friday night and the hostess gals are cool, calm and collected. I sit outside in the freezing (you know, 50 degrees!) weather for my table, under a nice warmer and they bring me a DRINK! Cool beans!I am such a weird eater, and make that disclaimer to all our wait staff. So the polenta appetizer and a side of beets for dinner doesn't even make her bat an eye. And both are fantastic. The beets come with pears, romano cheese shavings and pistachios. (There were some greens on top, but I dispensed with them---way too healthy!) The polenta is cooked, sliced into sticks, fried and covered in parmesan (do you feel the "cheese" theme?). The grapefruit ginger wine cooler recommended by one of the wait staff was a great compliment to my selections.Hubby had the "Big Star" pizza, a manly and meaty pizza, which he completely devoured. He had a nice small pitcher of beer that fit the bill.We were too stuffed to even think about dessert, but we'll be back (maybe tomorrow?) to hit that part of the menu. As stated in countless other reviews, ambiance is great, menu swell and I have to say, after the week I had dealing with snarly vendors, what a nice change of pace in the service department!Love Churn, Love Windsor and now I officially (YELP) Love Federal Pizza!
4	This place is pretty good.While the Upward Project places are starting to all feel the same, at the same time, they each have their own "schtick"...does that make sense?The wine coolers are AWESOME and cheap...$8 for basically two drinks...the blueberry hibiscus is the best!The meatballs and fried polenta are a must have.  The pizza we had was ok....nothing to write home about, but the atmosphere is what made the place.The little things are what make this place.  The rings they place your tab in at the bar...the salt and pepper shakers...all the things they clearly repurpose or buy at thrift stores remind you of how creative Upward Projects is...
3	Ive been having a huge craving for "red sauce" these days and decided to check out a new place. I had heard a ton of great things about this place so we decided to go. First off, good luck finding the place. There is no signage on the street or building, we actually walked through the door to the hostess and asked if we were in the right place. We were. We were seated quickly and the staff was all very nice. The music in this place is a touch to loud for a Monday afternoon lunch crowd. For starters we ordered the meatball trio and the fried polenta sticks. Both were freaken amazinnnnng!!!! For pizzas we ordered the standard Pepperoni and then also the Big Star. Both pizzas were good, but didn't knock my socks off. Also they were a bit greasy and the crust was pretty chewy and hard to cut through with a fork.  The hubs and I both agreed that we would most likely not be going back unless someone invited us out and that's where they wanted to go. It wasn't a terrible experience it was just meh for us.
3	Ummmm...don't get me wrong, I'm a fan of the Upward Project restaurant concepts (owners of The Windsor and Postinos), but I'm not sure why all the stars on this one....must be the locals who are thrilled to have another establishment they can bike to.We ordered the Big Star Pizza (Sausage, pepperoni, onion, green pepper,, mushroom,, black and green olives).   The pizza dough/crust was fabulous, in part due to the wood-fire, but also because the master-chef is a genius.   The flavor of the pizza was fabulous, however it was SUPER SUPER LIGHT on the cheese (which is upsetting to a cheese-person).We also order the spaghetti and meatballs...bleh.  It came out luke warm, although the meatballs had an excellent flavor.One thing my husband and I were joking about was that we couldn't tell who worked there and who was a customer.  Not only did we have 5 or six different people stopping by our table to serve us, but this establishment definitely services the younger-urban-hipster crowd (not that there is anything wrong with that :) and we didn't know if the person walking toward us was a customer or a server (we got a kick out of that).   And for the record, my husband and I are in our 40s and felt comfortable there, but we were notably (well...part of me hopes not too notably) older.I thought the servers were friendly, but not especially attentive.  But then, I'm one of those who struggles with finding a hovering server as annoying as a server is never checks on us....I'm like Goldylocks...I want a service that is "just" the right amount of attention.So, in short,  I would certainly go again, but I think I prefer in order: Postinos, The Windsor and Federal Pizza.
4	I've been here once and thought it was alright. I only had the pizza and thought it was delicious - it was the crust that made it super yummy as well as their wine coolers, but there was nothing fabulous that would have me coming back all the time. So when I went again, I knew I was in store for yummy pizza but not sure what else. I, and a friend, went back on a busy night. There were people waiting, even outside on a cold rainy night. While we waited, we managed to find a place at the bar and grabbed a beer. The wait didn't seem long and we were seated at a booth. The service was awesome, which was expected since last time was awesome, regardless of knowing one of the bartenders who took care of my friend and I. Anyways, we started off our meal with their BOH soup. From my experience, in general, BOH soup is always yummy and worth trying! And their soup was worth trying, although I wish their soup of the night had been a bit spicier, it was good. My friend also had moved on from the beer to the hibiscus wine cooler and it was super yummy. I do need to order that next time. After the soup, we were going to get two pizzas but decided to try an app and a pizza. Experience from last time told me that two pizzas would not be even close to being finished. The app we went for was the Meatball Trio. I wanted to try it for the polenta, the meatballs we're just bonus. I really liked it! The crunch from the polenta with soft yummy meatballs and their marinara sauce was awesome. And the pizza we had - the Manifesto - was just as awesome! I'm not normally a fan of goat cheese or fennel, but on the pizza, it was delish. And when we thought we had had enough, we decided on dessert. We got a cobbler. Now I'm not a fan of cobblers or fruit pies, but their cobbler was something I ate up. The crust and fruit filling was awesome and was served hot so eating it with ice cream was a must. I just wish there was another scoop of ice cream since the one scoop melted into the dessert lol. I will make sure to keep coming back and easy my way through their menu :p
5	I love postinos.  I love Windsor.  I love Churn. I knew I would love Federal.What I did not expect was for it to introduce me to my absolute favorite pizza in the world.  The aptly named Casanova stole my heart.As I read through the list of pies all sounded good, but the Casanova was a notch above the rest.  Its description read like a really alluring internet dating profile.  Prosciutto, dates and ricotta might as well have read well educated, good family, great smile, arugula was just icing on the cake, like having the same favorite band.  I was sold.  We all know a well written e-harmony profile does not insure success.  What looks great on paper does not necessarily equate to that special spark.  I nervously waited for my pizza, hoping it would be everything I hoped for. Meanwhile I enjoyed a wine cooler. Not the "hey look guys, I totally scored us some booze" Bartles & Jaymes wine coolers of my teenage years, no these were more sophisticated and much tastier. I went with the raspberry lavender and was very pleased.  17 year old me was soo jelly.Then he arrived.  On time, dressed neatly.  I coyly eyed him before grabbing a slice, then dove right in.People, the sparks were there.  Love exists, it's real.  The Casanova was everything I had dreamed of.  I don't want to get to ahead of myself, but I for-see a long and happy relationship.
3	This was my very first visit to an "Upward Concepts" restaurant.  I was very much looking forward to my visit to Federal Pizza due to the numerous recommendations that I'd gotten from friends.  I am quite possibly one of the easiest people in the world to please, which is why it pains me to share my experience.  This visit happened the day before New Years Eve...We arrived at the restaurant to "complimentary" but required valet service.  Why, oh why, do these folks force you to valet your vehicle?  There seems to be ample parking since Aiello's has since gone out of business.  There is nothing more foolish than walking out of a restaurant, handing some kid your claim ticket only to be forced to wait for your car which is well within spitting distance.  SUGGESTION: Let me park my own car... "complimentary" but required valet service does not equate added value.We were well prepared for a lengthy wait.  After all, this place just opened up a few short months ago and seems to be the "it" place.  PROPS: They had beverage service available while you wait!!Once we were seated, my attention was immediately drawn to the table of animals that had been dining for some time.  I don't often use the term "animals" to refer to a table full of children, but stick with me as I think you'll agree.  Picture it... five parents enjoying beer and wine while the five children were seated at the opposite end of the table left to terrorize the patrons.  We're talking feet on the table, banging on the windows, slapping/punching each other and yelling just to name a few of the behaviors.  It must have been some pretty good beer/wine because the parents opted to allow it all to continue.  Enter the owners of Federal... they approach the table and are introduced to some of the folks dining.  They have a friendly exchange and walk off.  Never addressing the out of control children!  SUGGESTION: It's ok to approach someone and tell them they need to monitor their children... after all what's the worst that will happen?  You lose them as a customer?  I'd rather lose them as a customer versus all the people that had to put up with the parents' negligence.Somewhere in between the screaming children and the hostess that seemed to yawn non-stop we managed to get our order in: Porchetta Sandwich (as an appetizer), Cesar salad (as an appetizer), Pepperoni Pizza and a Big Star Pizza (asked for the pizza to be "crispy").  When the food was finally delivered the Porchetta Sandwich was flavorless and mostly mouthfuls of pork fat.  The cesar salad seemed to have way more than it's fair share of anchiove.  It was so fishy that it was inedible.  SUGGESTION: Taste your food.  The pizzas came to the table burnt beyond recognition on half the pizza... a clear indication that they were not turned (as any good wood fired pizza is) in the oven.We asked to give some feedback to the manager.  I will not use her name but will tell you that she was a young attractive blonde.  Clearly our server had taken it upon himself to tell her that we asked for our pizzas to be WELL DONE, which if you'll recall from earlier we said "crispy".  She proceeded to make an attempt at telling us in her own polite way that it was our fault because we ordered them well done.  After I made it known that I was onto her and her tone, she truly seemed to be interested in getting some good feedback from us.  After chatting she offered to comp our entire meal.  It was VERY NICE of her to offer to do that!!  If you are reading this... thanks for turning the conversation around and creating a more pleasant tone, it was appreciated.We will give it a second chance for sure... here's to hoping that visit turns out better than this one!
5	very good pizza, gladiator pizza was a favorite
5	I really didn't know what I was getting into, when my friend convinced us to go to Federal Pizza last Friday night... (insert Katy Perry sound snippet here).  We were quickly seated in a comfortable booth at the center of the restaurant, and I was able to really take in the whole dining experience, rare for the time frame in which we dined.. The style and vibe of Federal Pizza made me feel really fancy.. I felt like I was living La Dolce Vita, and then came the Pizza. OMG. I wasn't really sure what I was going to expect either. I was kind of taken away by the amazing sound system, and pondering the great mix of tunes, when my meatball pizza arrived. Here's where i want to say something quite sweary, but in an OMFG sort of way.. I guess I implied a swear right there, but it's for great reason. I SWEAR this is the best pizza I've ever had. Bianco, look out, because my experience at Federal Pizza has made your pies easy to forget. The crispy, crunchy, bubbly crust was more flavorful, and amazing than I knew pizza crust could be.. combined with the great balance of toppings, and decently substantial portion size, I'm now considering selling the sofa and TV set so I can eat at Federal Pizza for a few weeks in a row. The value was decent, the service was swift (I do feel it could have been a dash better, but.. it was Friday..!) and the experience has me totally tickled.
5	I rarely give a 5 star review, but I honestly couldn't find anything wrong this place! From the menu to the service, we were kept happy during a busy lunch hour on a Friday.  I met a friend for lunch, (during  office hours) so I couldn't try any of their drinks, but their pizza selection was so intriguing that I didn't even care.  I went simple and boring...  a margherita pizza with green olives, but I thought I would see if they could get the basics right before moving on.. . They nailed it! Probably the best I've had in a really long time.  My lunch date had a "Abbey" Style beer which she enjoyed (Yes, right in front of me ! It's okay Mandi B. I still love you=D) and the Brussels sprout pizza with arugula and prosciutto.  She said it was delicious.  After I ordered, I smelled and saw all of these wonderful concoctions of pizza, roasted corn and salads... none of which I ordered.  I don't regret my order, but can't wait to go back and try something new.  Maybe Sweet potato and arugula pizza? Stay tuned...
5	Yes, it is that good!  Pizza was very good the second time though not as spectacular the first visit. I think the kitchen got rushed. But all is forgiven, Everything else is perfect. Love the chop salad. Great beer. Great wine.  Gorgeous date.
5	This is by far one of my favorite restaurants. I go here with my friends and husband all the time. We gave my parents a gift card to Federal for Christmas and we all went out together last night. I was really impressed with last night's service. It was very busy so the wait was about 20 minutes to half an hour. They had a waiter taking drink orders while we waited and even served us and the rest of the people waiting slices of meatball pizza. I think the staff is very attuned to customers and customer service. Awesome!! :) Oh and by the way the food is awesome!!! I like everything I've tried!!
4	Ate here last night and the food and service was very good. Every body there was super friendly and helpful and they all deserve a raise. Had burratta to start which came with some grilled bread which we liked. Also had a pizza with sausage, goat cheese, mushrooms and onions. Liked the crust it was nice and light and the toppings were all of high quality. Also had sides of brussels w/ pancetta and a meatball in sauce and both were good. Other pluses were the beer list and the wine list as well as the retro diner-like ambiance. Overall I would definitely recommend this place and I will be back but I must warn people who read reviews that compare this place to Bianco that it is not at that level. Not that they themselves are claiming that its just that every time a good pizza place opens up some yelp reviewers claim that Bianco has been bested or equalled and it just isn't the case. As long as you don't go in with those expectations you will find some pretty delicious pizza and some great drinks in a nice atmosphere.
4	Lots of already great reviews, so I'll keep it simple. My! I love what you've done with the place FP! Looks like it was once a drive-thru bank...thus the name "Federal" Pizza. Ceilings are partly exposed, partly textured. Awesome light fixtures. Interior is well done! Burrata appetizer - Amazing...could have eaten the entire thing alone. MINE!! Don't forget to enjoy the basil "garnish" with the cheese. It really brings out the flavor. Corn "coins"  appetizer - Meh! Next. Cassanova Pizza - VERY good but the a typical ricotta, date and arugula pie.Brussel Sprout Pizza - My favorite mostly because it was unique. Little bit of a lemony tang on the sprouts + salty from the pancetta. Also could have eaten alone! MINE! MINE! Enjoy!
5	My boyfriend and I both enjoy the pizza here, and he likes the sandwiches, too. I am a vegetarian so I stick to the Margherita pizza; there are several tasty appetizers on the menu, as well. The staff are all very accommodating and the atmosphere is upbeat. We've met friends here and had lots of fun and generally make it back once every couple of weeks. I recommend trying it!
3	This place is a 3 star, but a closer to 2 star/3 star. I was so excited to try this place and expecting some delicious pizza and sandwiches as this place is owned by the same people who own windsor and postino (which are both tasty). This place was far less tasty, unfortunately. The BF and I shared the meatball pizza and the porchetta sandwich. The sandwich had decent flavor but the texture was disgusting. It had huge hunks of pork fat in it. Like serious fat happening. The texture was gross. If they want a pork on pork sandwich, maybe do the pork tenderloin and bacon to add crispiness or if they want to do pork belly, they should render out the fat before serving. The pizza was ok, but it was a bit bland. The sauce didn't have a good flavor, so the rest of the pizza fell flat. The BF even said, this sauce tastes like it came from a can of spaghetti o's. Overall, the food was ok and the service was good...maybe we ordered the wrong things, but we won't be rushing back any time soon.
2	I'm surprised the Postino/Upward guys have put out a sub-par restaurant. Its not like them at all. Maybe they need time.If you like eating burnt pizzas in a room with the music so loud it sounds like you're in the trunk of a low-rider then this is the place for you. It was lunch time so the music should be scaled back to suit the patrons, not the wait staff. Maybe its more appropriate at night but lunch time is usually conversation time.The menu is small...8 pizzas, 4 sandwiches and 3 desserts. Just very surprised that every pizza that was delivered to us and our surrounding tables had a black, burned crust.The sandwich was outstanding....but this is called Federal PIZZA.I'll try again in a month to see if they have improved.
5	I had a great time last weekend.  My hubby had been talking about Federal Pizza and I have been reading all the reviews, that I couldn't wait to visit.  We were worried we couldn't get a table, because I've heard the wait it a little long.  We decided ahead of time that we were going to sit at the bar.  When we got there, we valet, got inside and there were two seats open right in the middle of the bar area, score.  We ordered the Manifesto, and since lately I've been easing my way into beers, I asked for some advise and the recommendation was great, it was the Sierra Nevada Kellerweis, I liked it a lot.  My hubby had the Four Peaks one.  The place was buzzing with energy and the servers were working really hard.  It had been about 20 minutes after we ordered and I saw a pizza coming by, it went straight from us to another person at the bar who I thought had gotten there after us, hum, ok, maybe I didn't realize they were here.  Ten minutes later, a server/manager? approached us and apologized for having given our pizza away and they made another one and they told us it was on them.  That was very classy, because I really didn't know it that pizza I saw go by was mine and they could have just said the kitchen was backed up.  Thank you again, Federal Pizza for being so aware and caring about your performance.  This was a Saturday early evening and there were people from every age range.  We also had the chopped salad which was delicious and for dessert my hubby had been raving about the berry cobbler.  I can't wait to come back.  I have so many items I want to try.
4	I received a coupon from Upward Bound for a BOGO for a lunch item during the week - so my husband and myself after seeing a film at the Arizona Center decided to try it on New Years Day.  It was very busy - seemed to be lots of out of town visitors.  The service was very good and so was the food - my husband had the pizza with pepperoni and I had the mushroom ravioli.  We both took part in their homemade wine coolers - my husband had the strawberry/rhubarb and I had the raspberry/lavender.  Not sweet at all and we got a deal on those too.  They were $5.00 instead of $8.00 - maybe because it was before 5:00????  Just a warning when you go, the building is not marked as Federal Pizza and the entrance is off of the (free!) parking lot behind the building - the entrance is not marked either.Regardless, give it a try - I'm glad we did and we'll definitely go back!
5	Upward Projects...I challenge you to open a place that I don't like. Actually, don't. Pretty sure it's impossible anyway. I went to Federal Pizza for lunch with my mom today and let me tell you...I was not disappointed in any sense of the word. The vibe is laid back, the layout is open, and the decor is natural and minimalistic while being stylish at the same time. We struggled between sitting at the bar or at a table as we're used to doing bar at Postino and table at Windsor but the booth won. Our server, Jared, gave us enough time to actually look at the drink menu without leaving us wondering if we had a server which was nice. Settled on the Sean Minor pinot noir which I kind of cheated on because I've had it and it's yummy. Light with just enough flavor.We decided to get the margherita pizza with prosciutto and arugula on half as well as the spaghetti and meatballs and a side salad for me. The pizza was absolutely delicious...the prosciutto added just enough salt to balance out the arugula covered with lemon dressing and the crust was awesome; not too tough and not too doughy. The spaghetti and meatballs were tasty and the meatballs had a good kick to them. Side salad was pretty basic; mixed greens, beets, and a vinaigrette dressing that was really good. Service was attentive without being overbearing (I'm a server and I appreciate check ups but not every 5 minutes. I promise I'm a little more laid back than that!). I only wish I had tried the dessert as they all sounded fantastic but this is definitely not the last time I'll be going to Federal so I'm sure I'll make room for it on the next trip.
4	I am at 3.5 stars on food. 4 stars on service. Met some friends for a 8pm Saturday night dinner. There was a 30 min. wait and it was a little cold outside. The warm service made all the difference when we arrived. Valet was easy, sat out front and were immediately offered drinks under a heater. Were seated at a quality booth in the back corner. Like most posters say, you do not know who are the servers sometimes, but that is OK. They are nice enough to look you in the eye and ask ya if you need anything. Impressive. John was our server and was one of those servers that are cool cats with a little attitude that chicks eat up. Me, not so much. But the kid did a good job. Drinks - great beer selection. Mini pitchers are the way to go for sure. Appetizers - had the Meatball Trio and the Campari Tomatoes. Good stuff!Pizzas - We split 3. Brussels Sprout - Yeah, that is what I said, There was no left overs. Really good if you like BS. Casanova - Sweet dates with salty prosciutto, makes this a winner! Manifesto - What! yeah it was good. So some reviews say the crust is burnt, but it really reminded me of pizza in Italy. Good pizza.Dessert - got a free Bombolini. Just was not too sweet and was missing something. It might be homemade, but does not cover that after dinner sweet factor. Experience -  It is a cool scene, mixed with some 40 somethings and older folks enjoying the large, comfortable space. You get a number of people serving you, which makes for good service. Go with the flow and enjoy.
4	Never disappointed. (I'd say that about all of the Upward Project restaurants though.)I've been to FP a few times now and have to say, its always been a pleasant experience, good wait staff, chill vibe, not to loud and not rushed.  Today I had the salad chop, it was good, I can't figure out the dressing but I have no complaints, I'll let them keep their secret.  We had the brussel sprouts with pancetta, a little bit heavy on the lemon but we still ate the entire thing.  The beets with pears was strange, good, but strange, not sure I would order it again.  The wine list is good, I'm particularly fond of the Sivas-Sonoma Cab. I'll be back, no question there.
5	Holy amazing!This place is insane.  I thought the best pizza I had ever had was in Portland but this place is competing for that title.I found out about this place not long after it opened from a friend so I finally got a chance to check it out.  I have been back a few times since the first time and each time does not disappoint.  My favorite pie is the Casanova.  The flavor profile is awesome with prosciutto, dates, ricotta, arugula and pecorino.  Last time we were here we took a casanova home so that we could try another pie while we were there.  If you haven't tried it, I insist that you do.Looking for a starter?  Look no further than the burrata.  At first glance it seems a little weird but once you spread it on the crostini with with some of the basil that comes with it you will understand why you ordered it.  My girlfriend has tried the brussels sprouts as a side and absolutely loved them (not my thing) while I have enjoyed the meatball that is available and enjoyed it immensely.Federal also has a decent selection of beers on tap.  You can typically find something familiar or ask for a recommendation for something outside of your norm.  The place used to be a bank so there is a drive thru in case you want to pick something up to go (I would call ahead for that option).Overall, the atmosphere is very nice and it is a great place to relax and have some great food.  If you haven't been here yet, you need to go.  This is now one of my staples in my list of great places to eat.
5	The pizza is delicious and I love love love the wine coolers. The atmosphere is trendy but relaxing.
4	Went there at 7pm on a Friday night.  They told us 30/45 minutes and it took over 75 minutes. They were super sorry and comped the salads but I think you can do better with your estimate.  When we did eat the food was delicious...the pizza was very flavorful.  The only strange flavor was the caesar salad tasted like it was made with kale!  Not a bad thing just a bit shocking when you order a caesar.  I would go back but not on a weekend unless I had a lot to talk about while I waited!
5	My new favorite. I'm a regular.Veg board, wine coolers, and Old Chub all day everyday.
5	Hands down one of the best new places in town. Excellent food, great vibe, terrific staff, valet parking, decent prices, central location. Had the broccoli pizza and the sausage pizza with a Caesar salad. Will definitely be back!
5	Fantastic, gourmet pizza in an uber-hip atmosphere inside what used to be a federal bank. Love the idea of re-using a space rather than knocking it down. The wait was very long on a Friday night, so I would recommend going at another time. But it was still fantastic. OH, and get the blackberry rosemary wine cooler. You will not be disappointed.
4	Yum!  Still great and jamming folks in :)  Had HH there on Friday (because I needed the time-honored booze/carbs combo) and really loved it.  Had the sweet potato and added some Schreiner' sausage but need to get the combo right next time I go.  Lovely seeing Tory there...he is still the BEST thing about the Upward family of restaurants and his training touches really show up in the staff.  And, by the way, you have to love a playlist that includes Black Sabbath AND Tears for Fears bookending Depeche Mode.
4	I recently moved back to Phx from San Francisco, so needless to say, I'm a little spoiled on the restaurant front. So far, I've been happy with the direction that Phx restaurants are taking and I really enjoyed Federal Pizza.A friend and I visited this weekend and we had the burrata appetizer and the Big Red pizza. Both were amazingly good. They had a great selection of local and craft beers and a good wine list. We didn't have dessert b/c we were full, but I certainly would like to try some of what they had on the menu.They are down a star for one reason - OPEN TABLE - heard of it? For pete's sake TAKE F%#@ING RESERVATIONS, at least on the weekends. It's super good food and people are going to go there. It would be so much easier if one didn't have to wait 1.5 hours to get in. It takes the pressure off you guys. If I've been waiting for hours, it had better be some flipping good pizza. Reservations. Take them. We'll all be happier.
5	If I were cruel, I would say that the pizza crust is orgasmic and just end the review here.  But, I'm feeling generous so...  go here.  Today.  They had a great beer list as well as homemade wine coolers.  I had the blueberry hibiscus and it a perfect concoction.  The margherita pizza was delicious.  They were not stingy with the cheese or the basil.  My husband had the sweet potato and ricotta pizza.  He quite enjoyed it and considering he's not the biggest pizza fan, that's kind of a big deal.  We shared the 'Lil Triple for dessert and it was wonderful as well.  Oreo crust, chocolate creme and toasted marshmallow...  Service was a teensy bit slow but to be fair, they were quite busy.  It was a beautiful day outside but we opted to sit inside as the patio was quite loud since it's on the street.  I realized shortly after being seated that this must be the brainchild of the same folks who run Windsor and I was correct.  (I think the gum wrappers in the sugar containers may have given it away.)  Can't wait to go back!
4	I went in this week for the first time and I love the decor and overall design of the place. Menu is somewhat limited but it is basically a pizza and beer place. The food was very good. My party shared a couple of apps, two different pizzas, and the spaghetti. No complaints at all and we enjoyed them all. One member of the party did not like his wine cooler but I tried it and found no issue with it. Purely a subjective thing, although he is, by his own admission, a professional drinker. There were a few service issues with the hostess and the runners but not at all with our server, who was terrific. (I own a restaurant and am extremely sensitive to service.) Our server's name was Lucy and she was very professional and, more than anything, CARED!  She obviously likes her job and her employer and this attitude made for a great bond between host and guest. If you go to FP be sure to request one of her tables. I should also add that the on-duty manager, whose name I did not get, had the same caring attitude. If FP continues to employee people such as these two it can only succeed.
4	Can't rate the sit down experience, but the take out I picked up last night was Delicious.  The gal who answered the phone to take my order was sharp (not always the case in my experience), efficient, and professional... with a little added warmth to make you feel served even on the phone.  I arrived a little early to grab my Zaa and decided to drive to the drive up door.  I was greeted at my window promptly and my food was brought out to my car! Sadly no roller skates, but hey car side service is pretty sweet!  Pizza was really good, crust perfect, toppings excellent, defiantly fits the upper echelon pies in the area. On par with Parlor, Humble Pie for sure.  Will update after I make it back for a sit down... also I heard a rumor that they have half price Growlers for take out!  Going back for sure!
1	I'm sitting in my car waiting for a pizza that was promised 15 minutes ago.  Hope it's good because a second chance is unlikely.  Called 45 minutes ahead for a good 'za to take home for movie night, waited until they told me it would be ready and here I sit.The pizza finally comes with appropriate apologies.Can't argue about the quality of the pie: Schreiner's sausage, tasty mushrooms, MJ crust  - all good - but it's a pizza.  You shouldn't have to wait at the pickup window longer than it takes to make the pizza from scratch.  Even the best food tastes bitter after a bad experience with service.
3	I was hoping for something more.  Lunch, on a Friday, was very busy and loud.  I like a restaurant that smells like good food.  What first assaulted my nose was a familiar, but not pleasant smell.  We finally realized it smelled like olives.  It was a briny, olivey odor.  We ordered the pizza with Brussel sprouts and  pancetta.  Again, although tasty, it smelled like baby cabbages.  I think the place lacks ambiance.
4	Came here for the first on Friday the 25th of January. I came with two friends and we were pretty hungry. Since they only sell 12" pizzas we decided to forego any appetizers and decided on two Pepperoni pizzas. The service was good, I like how they do team service. A few different waiters/waitresses came by to address our needs and to bring us drinks. One waitress would say do you guys need more drinks and then a totally different person would come by with our drinks. The Pizza itself was pretty good. I was a big fan of the giant pepperoni slices that cover the entire pizza. The sauce was ok, but the thing that endeared me to this pizza is the crust. The brick oven does wonders for it. It was crispy with some slight burnt spots on the outside (which I like) and the inside was nice and delicious. All in all this is a solid pizza spot.
2	Had high hopes.  Maybe it was an off night.  Really was looking forward to trying the brussel sprout pizza but it was average.  Will have to give place another try.
5	This place is great. It is next to Windsor. I give it 5 stars for everything. Well done. Once again.Owners: Craig DeMarco, Owner of Postino Winecafe.`Opening day for Windsor and Churn is scheduled for Monday, April 25, 2011.`Federal Pizza Opening Monday, October 22, 2012.Met one of the Chefs, 'Monster.' He was intense and forthcoming. A fellow human with zest and energy should be mentioned in everyday conversation. He recommended the Casanova (Prosciutto + Dates + Ricotta + Arugula+ Pecorino 14) also the Sweet Potato (Sweet Potato+ Sage + Ricotta 13)If you are Vegan he recommends: `Brussels Sprout (Roasted Brussels Sprouts + Pancetta +Manchego + Roasted Garlic + Lemon Zest 13) `At Last (Broccolini + Roasted Corn + Goat Cheese+ Fresno Chilis + Basil + Lemon Zest 13)Also, if you have not already succumb to the Paleo diet, and you can imbibe the sweet pinch and light taste of carbs, then eat this.`Garganelli(Broccolini + Lemon Basil Pesto +Pine Nuts + Oven Roasted Tomatoes+ Red Pepper + Pecorino 11)`OrECchietti(Schreiner's Sausage + Swiss Chard +Shallot Herb Broth 11)Enjoy.RLNOte. When a customer asks a bartender what the alcohol content is over the special beer, the correct responst is not, "uhh I don't know, Google it."cough.
4	So I stopped in late on Thursday, with an out of town work buddy, because it had been a really rough week.  We sat outside (heavenly!) and drank wine and had some apps.  The Burrata and Olive appetizers were both heavenly.  We also ordered the Casanova and splurged on the fruit crisp...thanks for helping up both regain the will to live, Federal!
5	This is the best pizza I've had in Phoenix. I don't say that lightly, I've eaten at pizzeria bianco, cibo, spinatos, pizza a metro, and the like. At Federal they use fresh ingredients and it was tasty. Hipsters have infiltrated this establishment though. So if you have a fear of hipsters this isn't the spot for you. The house-made wine coolers are nice as well.
5	Is this good pizza? Is this great pizza? Could it possibly be superb pizza? Nope, this is quite honestly the melt-in-your-mouth, gobble up every bite, ditch the diet type of pizza and I'm completely sold! I came here for the first time on a blustery, windy and rainy day. After jumping through raindrops, I stepped foot inside and was immediately welcomed by a scent of pizza dough baking in the oven while warm air welcomed my cold toes. They seated me in a cozy table that allowed a visual of both the restaurant and the kitchen, so I was able to see the action come alive! After looking at the menu, my lunch guest and I decided to share the Big Star pizza and the Chicken Panzanella. Both were spectacular! The Big Star pizza had a perfectly baked crust that was the ideal blend of chewy and crunchy. Layers of cheese, olives, peppers, pepperoni and sausage topped the pizza crust. It's the kind of pizza that makes you sneak a second and third piece on your plate. It's the kind of pizza that makes you forget about the wedding dress you have to fit into in two months. It's just that good! The salad was also delicious but obviously didn't compare to the pizza. However, it did fill me up so that I stopped myself from consuming yet another piece of the pizza! The chicken on the salad is grilled which gives it a smoky flavor and the vegetables add a nice flavor. All I can say is that the Postinos/Windsor family have done it yet again! They are really making the Camelback and Central corridor a foodie's delight! One other item I'd like to note: Are you a beer drinker? Not only do they have a detailed selection of craft beer, but they also sell growlers that you can take home with you. If you pick up food to-go, you can fill a growler for half price. Not a bad deal if you ask me!
5	After only reading the rants & raves, I finally came in to experience Federal myself.MIND. BLOWN. Or taste buds. Whatever.As many have said before me... not surprised by how good this place is based on its creators. If it is possible for food to not only look but TASTE beautiful... this pizza is proof. There are so many exquisite flavor combinations to choose from it's hard to narrow it down to one decision - which is why I suggest you do what I did and bring friends to order everything else you want off the menu and then share all of it.We had the Sweet Potato pizza (sweet potatoes, ricotta, and sage) and the Margherita (fresh basil and roasted tomatoes). I don't usually like tomatoes as a pizza topping but, HAVE MERCY, this pizza is probably the best pizza I have ever had. Ever. Watch out, Italy.The house made wine coolers are also ridiculous. Making it a point to go back until I try every single one... at least a few times.
5	Upward Projects does it again.   This place is in my top five favorite places to go in Central Phoenix.  The atmosphere is great, many pieces including the benches outside came from Modern Manor which is a vintage store I frequent as well.  What is critical to the success of Federal Pizza is what Upward excels at which is delivering incredible food, by a solid staff of employees at a reasonable price.  What I love about Windsor, Postino and Federal Pizza is I can go there anytime I like, have a stellar meal and not look at a completely empty pocket book.  The pizza is by far the best in the valley.  The secret to a good pizza starts with its ingredients.  The crust makes the pizza dishes that they serve, but then the sauce isnt too sweet, but isnt too savory... like Goldie Locks, it is just right.  The toppings are absolutely perfect and Federal Pizza leverages local suppliers like Shriners to provide sausage for their pizza.  Thus proves that a restaurant can obtain local superior ingredients, provide a stellar product and make a customer walk away having enjoyed a good meal in an atmosphere conducive to fun while mitigating buyers remorse.Another quick note, try the wine coolers... they make them there.  I know how it sounds, but they are delicious and refreshing.
4	I went here on Veteran's day and sat on the patio to watch the parade. The service was good, but a little slow since we were on our lunch hour and needed to get back to the office. The pizza was so yummy! I went with two friends, and we each got different pizzas to try them out, and swapped leftovers to take home a variety. Yes, it was good even when I heated it up later. I'll go again at dinner time and post a follow-up review once I try drinks and maybe a salad.
5	I've been twice.....so far and enjoyed my meal each time. The burrata is outstanding. The pizza is to die for. The 3 berry cobbler is killer. The music is memorable (Zeppelin, Run DMC, Beastie Boys).Can't wait to go back.
4	We sat at the bar as we only went for a beer and dessert. We had the triple berry cobbler which was good. The pizza looked good, but we were full already.
4	I proudly demolished almost an entire margherita pizza from Federal the other night and don't regret a single bite. Decent beer selection, great service, crowded but pleasant atmosphere, and a creative pizza menu. On Mondays and Tuesdays Federal offers a pizza, 2 pitchers of beer or 1 carafe of wine for $20.
4	So I have been to Federal a couple of times before for their drinks with friends and was always happy with what I got. Their wine coolers are delicious and since they have been open for a while now I think they may have gotten stronger (liquor wise). HOORAY because for me 8 bucks for that drink is a lot. But I feel it is well worth it now. :)Now for the food, yummmmy! The Burrata is amazing, then we had a chop salad and the margherita pizza with prosciutto. It was all so yummy. This was shared between me, my husband and a friend and we all left very satisfied. Here is my ONLY STIPULATION. The pizza's are so small for the price. I understand a lot of places are going this "we use top quality ingredients for our toppings" however, they did not put enough prosciutto to make me believe it was worth the overall 15 dollar 12" pizza size. Just my opinion.Otherwise, atmosphere nice, people friendly and staff pretty friendly too. Just be prepared for the crazy parking!
5	Wow. Again, Wow. I had heard about Federal, but kept forgetting to go (there soo many good restaurants in the area). I decided to get some takeout after a hard day at work. We started with an order of the marinated Castelvetrano Olives ($4) that were mind numbing! We also got the house chopped salad that came with prosciutto, cappicola, provolone, peppers onions and a great vinaigrette ($10) and one of the best salads I've ever had! We also got the meatball pizza ($14) that was just amazing. I couldn't believe how perfect the crust was, and this was TAKEOUT! I can only imagine how good it is in house and super fresh. All in all, our bill was a measly $29 and worth EVERY STINKIN CENT!!! I'm super happy to have another great restaurant in the area!
5	The crust on this pizza is beyond words. You simply have to go and eat some to understand how good it really is. The setting is another Demarco signature location that makes you feel at home and comfortable. Plenty of beer and wine choices to make everyone happy. Good for a business meeting, casual drink, or bring the family.
5	Hoeegarden on tap and Ayinger bottles! Awesome! Some of the best pizza Ive ever had, completely different from anything else there is.  Owned by the same people who run Postinos and Windsor, so this trendy little place gets packed.
5	This is my favorite new place in the downtown/uptown Phoenix area. Everything about the ambiance is rad. This place gets packed on most evenings, so you  may expect a wait time.Their veggie board is ridiculously good. It would be a great meal on its own. If you're there with a party of two, I'd suggest ordering that and splitting a pizza. Their gemini pizza with potatoes and fennel is SO GOOD. I'm usually reserved about potatoes on a pizza, but this one hits the spot. We've been here a few times and have tried the brussels sprout pizza (I'm vegetarian so no pancetta on half of it.. and I have to admit, I think it would have balanced the taste). Their funghi sandwich is really good and the ravioli was delicious. They have these homemade wine coolers and tons of beer on tap. Okay, I'm a fan. NO, REALLY. I LOVE THIS PLACE.
5	This is my new favorite dinner spot! Awesome decor and atmosphere. Funky music and lively mood. Very well informed waiters. They were all willing to answer questions and take our order when we were ready. To quote my fav waiter, Jet: the food is "magic in your mouth" and he isn't exaggerating. The Big Star pizza and the veggie platter were delicious. They're not messing around in their kitchen.
5	I had been meaning to try Federal Pizza since they first opened up but kept putting it off because I felt like it was just going to be another pizza place. Boy was I wrong! Those guys and gals at Upwards Projects definitely know how to create a winning restaurant! My husband and I stopped here for a late lunch and can't wait to come back. Since it was such a nice day, we sat on the cute patio and were able to enjoy the slight breeze. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful. We ordered the Mister Mister - a platter of deep friend goodies. This included sweet potato, zucchini, artichokes, and mozzarella. The mozzarella was definitely my favorite. I liked the other vegetables as well, but the artichokes (which I normally love) didn't really do it for me. The leaves were too crispy. For our pizza, we ordered the Brussels Sprout - roasted brussels sprouts, pancetta, and manchego cheese. Oh. Man. New favorite pizza. The crust was soft and crunchy, the sprouts were well cooked and tasty, and I loved the bite of the cheese. Mmm. We took home our leftovers and ate it for dinner that night! I would go back for this pizza alone, but they also have several other pizzas that look delicious. I also want to go back to try their cobbler dessert (made with Churn ice cream) and I heard their homemade wine coolers are good. I'll definitely be back and soon!
3	Pro's: Great service. Clean. Chic. Comfortable.Location.Con's: Food is just alright. We had the sausage,pepperoni,olive, ect pizza... I felt the crust couldn't stand up to the weight of the all the toppings. Also, the flavor was just OK. Also had the wedge salad which ok but nothing special.I love the drive thru idea but I don't think I'd come back for the food. I love thin, cripy crust so I prefer the pizza at the Humble Pie, Pat's Pizza or Bianco's.
3	First time to Federal Pizza after being recommended by several friends.  Not impressed by the service.  My mother ordered a salad but asked the kitchen to substitute romain for the mixed greens.  When it arrived, it was mixed greens but the waitress insisted it was romain... She and I have eaten enough salad to know the difference.  Anyway, she sent it back (no apology from the staff) and we received our pizzas.  The pizzas were pretty good.  Nothing out of this world. Then, after we were finished with our meal they brought her salad back with only arugula... :-/ c'mon.  Because my mother is sweet-as-can-be, she just ask that they box it up. Also, the hipsterness was way over the top.
4	Meatballs are very good, salads really good, pastas are is real good, pizzas yummy (marg, big , cheese, potato) service helpful, ambiance is fun, decor sweet, bar is coolioMy fav neighborhood hangDig it
5	Amzing, food, service & enviornment. Perfect for a date night.  You can't go wrong with any of their food choices. Food is reasonably priced. Our server for the night was a cool guy named Jet. He is Laid back guy, funny & recomended some great choices. Next time I am Phoenix this will be my go to place.
4	Highly recommend, wonderful food, adequate wine selection and atmosphere that wasn't too loud for conversation but still was rockin'Ms. D and I were busy running errands in the area and didn't have time to cook so she suggested we turn to Yelp and have dinner out.  A quick look in the area and we decided to try Federal Pizza (noticed Federal was near our favorite Postino).We arrived in casual clothes and although it was a 30 min wait we were seated quickly.  I was starving and we got on our orders of The TLC Salad and a Big Star pizza.  For a first visit we nailed it; the salads was fresh, crisp and flavorful while the pizza was amazingly wonderful crust with fresh ingredients.  The sauce was the only ambiguous part of the meal as it didn't really come through; not that this is a bad thing just that the fresh toppings and the wonderful crust was so overwhelmingly good.Ms. D enjoyed her Home made cooler and I thought the Primitivo wine wasn't especially great.  But did I mention the crust on the pizza was tasty (LOL).  Parking is a bit weird and while they have complimentary Valet which only allows one way entrance I did not really want to check my car that evening.
3	I really wanted to love this place. First things first, the decor is very nice, it's clearly upscale. The service was outstanding. We could not have asked for better service.There was a group of 6 of us. Four of us got the chicken panzanella which was OK but the chicken was very dry and the salad was nothing special except it was a healthy salad. The pizza was OK. The person who got the ravioli LOVED IT!We felt it was very overpriced since the food was, for the most part, only mediocre.
3	First time here.  2.5 stars.  Mediocre. We started off by valeting our car, which is absurd considering there is a giant parking lot available. Restaurant was decorated appealingly, modern with clean lines and open.  Designed to bring the outdoors indoors.  Lovely.  Seating & Drinks:We were seated right away.  2 adults, 2 children in the 7-10 year old range.  We were promptly attended to; however, the waitress seemed rushed to take our order.  There was no cordialness about her.  Drinks arrived promptly.  I ordered a glass of the Sean Minor Pinot Noir (very good flavor, but I wouldn't say it was worth $12 a glass, considering it's in the less than $20 range (OUCH$$$).  She hurriedly poured a portion and walked off... it was so abrupt and took me back a bit as to what the heck her problem was?Apps & Dinner: We ordered the Roasted Veg appetizer.  It was perfect.  It was a thing of beauty.  Roasted fennel, baby carrots, fingerling potatoes, broccolini, and cauliflower.  We, kids too, really enjoyed the flavor & freshness of the veggies.  Dinner arrived shortly thereafter. Friend recommended the Casanova & two kids pizzas.  The pizza recommendation was spot on!  Arugula, pecorino cheese both melded together perfectly and the sweetness of the dates offset the peppery taste of the arugula.  Brilliant.  The dough of the pizza was not burnt (I did see several burnt crusts, and I was praying that ours wouldn't turn out that way.)  It came out perfectly golden brown.  Crust was thick, chewy & light all at the same time, best crust I've ever had.  The kids really enjoyed  their little personal pizzas as well.  Good size for the kids... they weren't able to finish the pizza.This is the part where it really takes a turn for the worse.... we finished our food... plates were cleared by hipster bus boys several times... but still no waitress, my husband even called out to her two times as she was walking by and apparently the music must be way to loud because she ignored him.  Still waiting... and waiting... it gets to the point where it was really uncomfortable and then poof!  She arrives, and says, "Ready for your check?"  She never came by the table to check on us, NOR ask if I would like another glass of wine, NOR asked if we would like a dessert.  It was evident that she wanted us out of there.  Great.  So we decided to order dessert...lol.  Right, we got the Bombolino (sp) which is pizza dough fried and dusted in sugar and served with melted dark chocolate dipping sauce.  The dough/sugar combo was FLAVORLESS, even with the chocolate... 3 of the dough balls were RAW inside... I had to open the rest to check to see if they were even edible. The Bombolino was actually so bad, the two sugar loving kids became uninterested in the dessert.The berry cobbler was really good but nothing to write home about.  Desserts finished... once again, the waitress was nowhere to be found, THANKFULLY, I think it was the manager who stopped by and was very friendly, who we were able to ask for our check and she returned with it promptly. I would've given this place more stars, but the food couldn't carry this place by itself.  You are serving pizza, you HAVE-TO HAVE-TO HAVE-TO back up your food by GRACIOUS service.  It ruined the experience for us.  As good as the pizza was, it wasn't good enough to really bring us back in the future.   We do still love Postino's. Last but not least, we went to get our car from valet.  The car was parked in the parking space right next to the valet stand...right.  Thanks for pulling out our car 10 feet so we can get in.  So awkward.Things they should address:  You cannot tell the staff apart from the patrons.  They should wear something that indicates that they employees.  Do they need a uniform?  No, but they do need something to differentiate them.  They should also fix the parking valet situation when it's not necessary during the evening, it's just plain silly.   Definitely better customer service skills from our waitress, so maybe higher expectations for their employees.  It's a shame that one person can bring a negative atmosphere to a good restaurant.
5	Great pizza, wonderful beers, super service. What's not to like. Stopped in for a mid-afternoon lunch with wifey. Arrived before she did and scanned the menu for microbrews. Settled on a Green Flash IPA and ordered a pint. Server said, "that's $5, but during pitchers are $5 during happy hour, so I'll bring you a pitcher". SCORE.  Ordered a brussel sprouts, pancetta & manchego pizza to share. Amazing. Superb crust. Best touch was a touch of lemon juice on the pie, which provided just a hint of acid to cut the fat and saltiness of the cheese and pancetta. Server was really nice and fun. Tough to beat. We'll be back soon.
4	I love the crispy polenta sticks, could and would eat them everyday. The pizza is really good too. Goat cheese and broccoli on a pizza...yum! This is not your typical pizza joint.
3	It seems this is the place hipsters go to get their pizza, kind of like how Gallo Blanco is the Hipster Macayo's.  They're so hip that they don't even put the name of the restaurant on the building!  That pretty much guarantees an overinflated Yelp rating, because a lot of hipsters have trouble thinking for themselves.  But I digress.If you read my last few weeks' worth of reviews, you'd know that I have been eating a lot of pizza lately.  We are on a sort-of pizza quest.  I had high hopes for this one, and the menu actually looked really awesome.  I went with the Casanova, which is a white pizza with ricotta, dates, arugula, prosciutto, and pecorino.  I also had a ginger ale to drink.The ginger ale was probably in the Canada Dry tier.  That means so flavorless that they're willing to serve it for free on an airplane.  The difference between a fountain and microbrewed soft drink is probably more profound for ginger ales than any other soft drink variety.As far as the pie goes, the toppings were excellent.  Go here if you like the focus of your pizza to be entirely on the toppings, because the crust sucks.  It was a little too tough, and the flavor was worse than any other artisan pizza I've had.  This was not knife-and-fork pizza; it was pick-it-up-and-eat-it pizza.  That's how you know the crust is subpar.Besides that, the ambiance is a little too modern.  When I sit down for a nice handmade pie, I like it to be warm and cozy.  This place is trendy, with loud music blasting in the restaurant.  They need to dial it down a notch.Of all the wood-fired pizzas I have had in Phoenix, Federal was one of my least favorite.  Maybe better than Cibo, but not as good as Pomo, Bianco, or Il Bosco.  Or even Timo's flatbread pizza.  The chef might be creative, but without a good crust or a good restaurant, eclectic toppings become a bit of a gimmick.
5	One word: Porcetta! Probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten (even better than the Porkwich across the street at Windsor)! The pizzas here are pretty amazing as well, and if you get there before 5 the drink specials are unbeatable!
4	Excited to go to another Upward Projects place as Positinos and Windsor are already a favorite.  Great thin crust...and lots of unique toppings.  All the servers seemed to help each other out and were attentive, tho, no personal touch.  Busy, hopping, great location and food, tho.  I will go again.
3	I must need to try this place again. Either that, or I just don't get it. The atmosphere is pretty chill, really low lit at night. I liked that. Our server was really nice and attentive. The food wasn't bad at all. We got the Margherita pizza and I just didn't really think it was that great. The wine coolers weren't as amazing as everyone made them out to be either. It felt like I was drinking wine watered down with juice and ice. They do come in cool bottles though.This place is totally good, but I just wasn't blown away by it.
5	Staff - awesome, attentive, and unselfish. I was greeted before I could fully cross the threshold and had random folks refill my water and ask if I needed anything. Matt, by bartender, upgraded my pint to a pitcher (same price in HH) but served in my pint glass two perfect PortersPizza was awesome! Even passed the leftover for breakfast test next morning.
4	My mom watches a lot of Food Network. Why does that matter? Because any time I want to have a food adventure, she's down. I call her up, say we're going to a new pizza place, and it's go time.We came here at that weird period on a weekday between lunch and dinner, so there was literally only one other customer in the restaurant. Nice! Where I used to feel awkward being in a mostly empty establishment, I've learned there are some great things about it.1) I can check the place out without people being all up in my way. First impression is this place is aesthetically pleasing, and there's quite a bit of attention to detail. I can see why "hipsters" are drawn here. More importantly, everything looked shiny and clean.2) I get to see how the the place runs when everyone's not "on." You know what I mean. Things are different when it isn't showtime. Though I'm not a big meat-eater, we went for the meatball trio and the side of beets to start. The meatballs were awesome, flavorful, and the perfect texture, and the marinara was right on. The real star of the dish was the polenta, with a perfect crunch on the outside and creamy inside. There was a bit of fork-shoving to get the last of it.Beets and pears are a great combination, but we both felt like it was lacking something until we snagged a bottle of balsamic vinegar. For the pizza we shared the margherita with added roasted garlic (our server's favorite as well, what a coinkidink!). The crust was unlike any I've had before. Not at all chewy, light and airy with a nice crispiness without being like a cracker. I really enjoyed it.I would have loved to try the wine coolers, but $8? Come on.After all that goodness, I didn't have room to try the cobbler. The great news is, they have a drive-thru, so I'll get my chance!
3	I can't tell if it was high expectations from all the hype that caused my disappointment or the food in general. After hear a lot about how good this place was I decided it would make a good spot for date night. Came in at 6 on a Sunday and were sat immediately. Having previously stalked the menu I asked about the Mister Mister appetizer. Was given a vague description describing it basically as a veggie plate with some dipping sauce. What came was actually pretty good but it was cheese sprinkled crispy veggies (I think lightly fried) with 2 dipping sauces it was pretty good.As for the pizza we got the Casanova and Manifesto. The casanova was fine but I felt like the dates had over powered the prosciutto (which seemed to be lacking some flavor) and the combo wasn't anything special as I feel like every place has a bruschetta just like this. The manifesto was also okay but I felt like the sausage was very bland and plain and the goat cheese didn't mesh well with the other flavors. The mushrooms were the star of that pizza by far.On both pizza's i felt like the crust was good but soggy in center. I think overall it was somewhere between thing crust and regular which is a no mans land for pizza crusts. The flavor was good but not amazing.Dessert may have been the most disappointing thing. We got the Lil' tripple which if you have ever had jello chocolate pudding with an oreo and some cool whip you have already experiences. I was expecting some more unique flavor from this but really oreo pudding snack packs have the same taste.Maybe my expectations were too high for this place but I walked away feeling like for the money there are other places I would rather go and it isn't even in the league with Bianco. For me it also isn't somewhere I would being making the trip to go to again except for maybe a happy hour if other people where there. There is nothing wrong with the pizza but I think the place is overhyped.
4	Love the look and feel of this joint. We grabbed a late dinner here but were surprised to learn there was still a 20 minute wait. We moseyed on over to the bar where we were greeted by a nice bartender.  Hubby and I both wanted a break from all that beer from watching baseball so we went easy with their delicious-sounding wine coolers.  I ordered a strawberry rhubarb and hubby went with the blueberry hibiscus.  From what I can tell, it's syrup + sparking wine??  Both were very tasty and refreshing.  I inquired whether this was available to go (like their beer and wine) but alas, it was not.We got seated and took a few minutes to peruse the menu, eventually ordering a side of their meatball, their polenta sticks, the TLC salad (split for us in the kitchen) and the brussels sprout pizza.Meatball was of good solid construction and the sauce it came with really impressed.  The best part of our meal really was the polenta but it was also the component that made us feel REALLY guilty.  Polenta sticks were fried and served with their version of the Romesco sauce (creamy).  Mind-numbingly and heart-stoppingly tasty.  We had to force ourselves to stop and save room for the salad and the pizza.The salad came next and was very well made and delicious.  Hubby didn't appreciate the large chunks of pears but I was fine with it.The pizza came and frankly, this was the least impactful of our dishes.  Or maybe perplexing.  I know, we made the decision to order a pizza with brussels sprouts on it...but somehow the flavors just didn't come together for us.  We ended up taking a large part of it to go and snacking on it just a little bit in our hotel room.  We killed the leftover polenta sticks a few hours later but unfortunately, being cold didn't make the brussels sprouts taste any better on the pizza. (And I do love me some brussels sprouts!)Service was friendly and very helpful.  Our server was sweet and totally reminded me of a friend of ours.  We would totally return if only to try another pizza and have more wine coolers...many, many more...
4	Love going to this local spot. I've been a few times now and was sold on it the other  night when we went for a late bite. 10:30 PM and the place was still packed. Had a pitcher of beer, shared an app, a salad and the arugula, dates, prosciutto and ricotta pizza...it was perfect! The service was great, everyone that was working was attentive and helpful. They even recognized us the next morning when we walked by on our way home to get coffee! I would recommend this place...for lunch, dinner, a prolonged weekend lunch or a quick late night meal. I will be back.
4	My bf and I went to Federal Pizza last night for dinner. I'd wanted to try the place since it opened, but I'm not often in the area around dinnertime. We'd been nearby and decided to hit up Federal and give it a try! I'm so glad we did.Being a Friday night, I expected the wait would be a while, and the hostess quoted us a wait time of about 45 minutes. We went and sat outside, but the wait probably was no more than 25 which was nice. The ambiance inside is quite loud, so be prepared for the loud (but good!) music and the chatter of all the happy diners. I'd tried their grapefruit-ginger wine cooler at this year's Devoured, so I ordered that to drink, and it was as tasty as I remembered. I'd heard great things about the burrata appetizer, so we ordered that as well. At first, I was a tad bit underwhemled with the burrata, but the more I ate, the more it grew on me. The bread was crispy and slightly charred, with a good smokey flavor, and the burrata was super cold and complemented the bread nicely. It was a little salty for my taste, but with some of the fresh basil added to the cheese and bread, it was mighty delicious. I'd order this again in a heartbeat.Where pizza is concerned, I was deciding between the brussels sprout pizza, the Gemini (with potatoes and goat cheese, I believe) or the Sweet Potato (sweet potatoes, ricotta ,sage). Let me tell you, I ordered the Sweet Potato and that ricotta cheese was the best I'd ever had in my life. I don't know what brand they use, or if it's made in-house, but damn was it good! The bottom crust was a little thin, but my pizza managed to keep it's integrity and didn't get soggy. The crust as a whole had great chew, was light as air, and had a great char from the wood-fired oven,My bf went the simple route and ordered a pizza with pepperoni and sausage. The sausage was the best part because it came from Schreiner's, and come on, nothing from Schreiner's is bad. Great flavor! I added a piece of sausage to my sweet potato pizza and the flavors worked really well together.No room for dessert this time around, but next time I'm definitely ordering the bombolini! My only gripe is that the prices seemed a bit steep for what you get, but I guess it's all their high-quality ingredients.
4	Cool Place, Great Staff, and AWESOME Music....The Sweet Potato pizza is the business!!! Just try it! The wine coolers are great as well. Can't wait to go back and eat there again
5	Okay, first off let me say that i am going to DREAM about those refeshing wine coolers until I can make it back to Phoenix. Service was great. The music and environment were right up my alley. I had the Burrata and olive oil appetizer and some pizza with dates and augula. Everything was FANTASTIC! I believe this is by the same restaurant group that provided us with Postino. With that being said, you should already know that you will LOVE this place.
3	I was really looking forward to this place, as I'm crazy for Postino's.It was alright.  The pizza was just alright in my book.I enjoyed the wine coolers more than the pizza.
4	Great atmosphere, great pizza with quality toppings.
3	Anchovies in the dipping sauce... yes, and I'm told this after I explicitly asked (twice to be sure) that the appetizer was vegetarian and had already eaten most of it.  To make matters worse, it's rather common for people to not like anchovies, so you'd think they would make it a priority to inform people of that sort of thing in advance.  Nope.Place was incredibly dark, so much so that I felt like some grandpa who wishes he had a little flashlight to read the menu.  Pizza had a good crust except for the burnt 'n charred portions, and the toppings were a bit scarce.  Beer list was good with many craft beers from nearby states and a few imports.  Thankfully, not another place with a bunch of lame Arizona beers.Service was confusing because it was as if we had 2 or 3 different people involved in the process, and even at that we still had trouble getting a box and cheque so we could leave.  Prices were reasonable and parking is tight.  Really wish there wasn't the anchovies issue.
4	If you're a fan of Windsor or Postino and love pizza, just go to Federal Pizza already. The spot is owned by Craig DeMarco's Upward Projects, too, and it has the same hip vibe all the other restaurants do -- with good food, as always, too.The interior actually reminds me a little of Chelsea's Kitchen, with warm lighting and a homey feel. There's a bare bones patio facing the street, and the servers tend to be young and have their own style because of the lack of uniforms. The joint is casual -- I even went right after teaching a workout class, and no one seemed to care about my grungy attire.The drink menu is simple, with beers and flavored wine coolers. I got a lavendar raspberry one, which was delivered in an oh-so-cute little jar-like glass. The cooler was refreshing and tasted like flavored Sprite -- I'd recommend trying one.I started my meal with an appetizer -- foolishly, considering just about everyone at my table got individual pizzas, which are way too huge and should be shared! I got vegan black bean soup of the day ($3), which was decent but a little bland -- I loved the crunchy texture of the soup from the veggies, though.For my pizza, I got a simple cheese pizza with olives ($12), which I could only eat two out of six slices of. The pizza was really crispy, almost burnt on the edges, and it just wasn't my favorite type of pizza -- I much prefer the floppier style of Cibo.Still, it's nice to have another central Phoenix pizza option, and it's right across the street from the to-die-for Churn -- which alone makes the trip to Federal Pizza worth it.
4	Great thin crust pizza. Oily & messy- as it should be. I was trying to get a taste while driving back w it and it fell apart. So, i just shoved the slice in my mouth like a neanderthal. I did that 3 times.
4	I really dig this Upward Projects restaurant the most; probably due to my affinity for tasty beers.  Anyhow, they have great drink selections (besides beer) including wine and house made wine coolers.  Some of the wine cooler flavors I have tried include: grapefruit ginger, raspberry lavender, and blackberry rosemary.  All of which were good, but I liked the blackberry rosemary the best.  I usually order the castlevtrano olives as a little snack and a Great Little Salad.  I have only tried the Brussles Sprout pizza (cause I'm trying not to eat wheat, get off my back!) which comes with manchego cheese, lemon, roasted garlic and pancetta (I got mine without meat). It is perfection! The texture of the crust is perfect, with a nice little crunch around the edge (thanks MJ).  I recently tried the Garganelli pasta dish, which took much difficulty to not wolf it down.  It was so good (even though I think I overdosed on gluten), it came with: broccolini, pine nuts, oven roasted tomatoes, red pepper, pecorino all tossed in a lemon basil pesto.  One word: nomtastic.  The decor is rad and the people serving it up are, too.  If you haven't checked out Federal, get your buns down there ASAP!Cheers!
4	For the price and the taste of the pizza I will make the drive whenever I possibly can. There is a lot of good Pizza in Arizona and this is definitely one of my top choices. Taste isn't the most unique, but it's always hot, consistent, and cost effective.
4	Here's a nod for the handcrafted wine-cooler concept.... Maybe I enjoy them so much because they take me back to Bartles-and-James-inspired high school shenanigans.Federal is solid.  There is a lot of artisan pizza competition these days, and I don't know if it's the best in town, but it's definitely got a good vibe and creative ideas. I'll be back, and I eagerly await the next upward offering...
5	From the Big Star to the Casanova, Federal pizza is not f*ckin' around.Crust: perfectly thin and crispy. Toppings: top-notch and distributed evenly. Cheese: a solid reason to get up in the morning. Overall: bring it all on, 'cause I'm going to finish it before I roll outta this biznitch. Leftovers are for the weak when you're dealing with pizza this rightfully grandiose.
4	I wasn't in a pizza mood, so I got the mushroom ravioli.  It was pretty tasty.  My brother-in-law's wife ended up getting some pizza and let me try some of her's.  I wasn't disappointed.  Mmmmm....The decor of the place is nice as well.
5	Rarely do you find a spot that everything you eat is great.  Will be going back soon for more...especially the veggie board!
5	This place is dynamo for lunch or dinner and is really as good as it gets.  This restaurant group is amazeballs to begin with (Postino Wine Cafe, Windsor, Churn and a taco joint in the works) and Federal Pizza is another bright star shining in their sky.The prices are reasonable for this wave of artisan pizza that we are all drowning in, but in my mind so, so worth every penny.  Perfectly thin and crispy crust with delicately distributed toppings and gooey, melty cheese battle for control of your tastebuds in a war where everyone wins. We've tried the sweet potato pizza and brussel sprout pizza and both were unique and taste-tastic. The service is always top notch and I definitely recommend the fried polenta as an appetizer. Get over the hipster crowd and maybe-too-loud music and enjoy the damn good food.
5	Met my 23 year old daughter here for a late lunch a month ago. She ordered the Casanova pizza...OMG...can I just say how delightful it was! So creative and fresh..it was so delicious. The wait staff was very attentive and knowledgeable about their menu very refreshing! Cool place to just meet and hang out...love what's going on in midtown Phoenix. Thanks for a great experience with a great neighborhood feel...will be back with friends.
5	There's just something about this whole part of town I enjoy.  I haven't had any food in the area that I haven't liked yet.I was invited here by some friends and was blown away by the choices.  The crust was perfect, the service was quick and their beer selection, while small, was great.I look forward to many more visits in the future.
5	There are pizza joints and there is Federal Pizza. In America pizza is a common food so when I find a place that offers non-tradition type pizzas I consider them awesome. I can't think of enough ways to state how superbly amazing every pizza has been.  Federal Pizza does have your typical supreme or meat pizza but they include additional toppings that will make you go Pavlovian while waiting for the food to arrive.  Some friends invited me there for my second trip to this wonderland recently and again I wasn't disappointed.  Having never before eaten brussel sprouts I was a bit skeptical when my dining companions ordered a pizza with brussel sprouts,pancetta and other amazing toppings.  The first bite was heavenly the combination of favors were exceptional. The crust was just thin enough to not overpower the main event.  I have to thanks my friends for making My first experience with brussel sprouts an outstanding one!Our second pizza was both visually stunning as well as mouth watering yumminess. The colorful combination of yellow and red peppers offered a nice visual contrast to the mushrooms and onions.  The flavors of the vegetables perfectly complimented the meat topping that accompanied it. While I did pick the mushrooms off because I am not a fan the pizza still was astronomical. To start the evening we enjoyed a flavor explosion found in the chop salad.  Just the right amount of spring greens, cheese, and salami, not to mention the peppercinis.  Just a hint of salad dressing to top the masterpiece, definitely not overpowering or drenching.  A fun feature to this restaurant is the drive through option. You can place an order to go and pick up a couple of bottles of wine while your at it. Not something you see in your average pizzeria..  The service was phenomenal, I don't believe my water glass was ever completely empty.  The servers were very friendly.
4	This place redeemed itself! I went here with my family for my birthday a few weeks ago (why go to a 3 star place for your birthday....I don't know, convenience?). Anyway, I got to try many more items due to going with a large party (PS they were very accommodating to our group and allowed us to bring a cake in from outside) and I must say it was much better. We started with a caprese salad and meatball apps. The meatballs were delicious, covered in a red sauce and served on top of crispy polenta I believe...it was yummy. The caprese was ok, nothing wonderful, but not bad. I got to try the Brussels  sprout pizza, which was awesome but not as good as the one from La Bocca. The real winner, in my opinion, was the pizza with the italian sausage and goat cheese...can't remember the name, but it was extremely delicious. It still is missing the fifth star for me from the first experience and the fact that the service was a bit slow, we ordered coffee and it came out kind of cold (which they fixed and were very nice about), and some of the pastas/sandwiches were not as good as others, but I will definitely come back here for that sausage pizza again!
5	First time, and I'll be back! The beet salad and roasted veggies were wonderful. Really good desserts too. Service was excellent, unlike Windsor, there is plenty of parking.
5	Favorite place in phoenix.  I am not a huge pizza fan and for me its not the pizza that makes this place.  Now the burrata cheese appetizer and chocolate dessert are what do it for me.  The burrata is amazing!  We normally don't get appetizers but went for a special occasion so decided to go all in.  The burrata is one of my fav dishes in phx.  The dessert would be my #1 fav dessert in phoenix.  The oreo crust, amazing chocolate mousse and then marshmallow topping is to die for.  Its even better than the Citizen Public Houses similar offering.
3	I purposely wait to go to new restaurants so they can work out the kinks, but I guess I didn't wait long enough.  I understand why there is a wait for tables.  Not because everyone has flocked there, but because they don't serve you once you get to the table.  We sat down and waited several minutes to be greeted, which was marginal.  After our waiter took our drink order, we didn't see him for more than 10 minutes.  After he took our food order, he never spoke to us again.  Random people brought us food, plates, our bill.  It was weird.  One friend described the wait as "hostile."  We had the cheese pizza.  My daughter loved it.  It was okay.  I thought it was soggy in the middle.  We also got the corn coins.  I'm not sure corn on the cob is improved by putting a pound of cheese on it, but the corn was cooked awesome.  It is a cool place and fun to hang out.  Just don't go if you are actually hungry or want to talk to a waiter.
3	Dishes sampled include:Raspberry Lavender Wine CoolerGrapefruit Ginger Wine CoolerCorn coins with Fennel, Herbs, PecorinoBeets with Pears and PecorinoPolenta with RomescoBurrata with Olive Oil, Sea Salt, CrostiniMargherita with House Mozzarella, Roasted Tomato, Basil, Olive Oil - Half Artichoke HeartsCasanova with Prosciutto, Dates, Ricotta, Arugula, PecorinoBombolini with Chocolate DipFrom the team behind Postino featuring crusts crafted by local bread legend MJ Coe Federal Pizza seemed like a great choice for lunch after visiting the Desert Botanical Gardens and with the new restaurant clearly fresh on the minds of locals I was not surprised by the proposed thirty minute wait on our arrival; what I was surprised by, however, was how poorly the restaurant flowed after we were finally seated nearly an hour later on the outdoor patio - even taking into account 'growing pains' the service needed work, our waiter John forgetting about us (and part of our order) leaving us with empty water glasses more than once while sitting in the sun and a nearly forty minute gap between appetizers and pizzas.Subpar service aside, once the food began to arrive at Federal we were met with a somewhat mixed bag as the appetizers, including the oft raved 'corn coins' and a bright, bold, and balanced salad of various beets proved far superior to the pies - particularly the doughy, limp, and undercooked Margherita.  Faring better, both in terms of ingredients and texture, I will admit that the Casanova was a good pizza with great chew and top quality ingredients, but for two pizzas on the exact same day to be so wildly inconsistent certainly gives me pause when considering a recommendation of Federal Pizza, let alone a return visit...not in a city where far better pizza can be found in abundance.A nice space for drinks, appetizers, and even desserts perhaps I'll give Federal Pizza a second chance at some point, but with Pizzeria Bianco, 'Pomo, The Parlor, and La Grande Orange all turning out a superior product there is no chance I'd wait in line to do so.
4	Federal Pizza Makes a Statement.Once upon a time, back in the madcap '80s, some people had lots of money to blow on things like cocaine, South African gold krugerrands, and Cabbage Patch Dolls, or deposit their money in Savings & Loan bank-like institutions. Thanks to people like dead, local crook Charles Keating, who built the Phoenician Resort, the scandal of Savings & Loans cost everybody. Lots.Flash forward: all the S&Ls went belly up. One ghost of the era was the derelict Federal Savings & Loan on the corner of Oregon and Central Avenues. Flash more forwarder: Upward Projects, who owns and operates area juggernaut Postino (whose bruschetta is GREAT, but not the BEST--that award goes to Cibo. End of subject.), the fab Windsor (with an amazing Crab Cake Sandwich) and Churn bought the white elephant. They've also purchased the defunct Aiello's Italian eatery next door. (Poor, old veteran, nearby Dairy Queen, better be afraid. Very afraid.) Economists call this a "monopoly."Hence, Federal Pizza was born, as a nod to their ancient incarnation. The old S&L was gutted and fashionably remodeled with reclaimed materials, including a ceiling brilliantly utilizing stacks of corrugated cardboard to muffle the "thumpa-thumpa" music. The interior is light and airy in the daytime filled with business people and hipsters and intimate in the night, filled with hipsters and glitterati. The booths filling the center give you a spectacular stage for viewing the clientele and the open kitchen. One BIG boon is the charming Tom Risner, who couldn't be a better tuck trader serving investors.The TLC Salad ($10) is a safe deposit standout with arugula, spring greens, beets, pears, smoked almonds, fennel, Pecorino and is a sparkling choice among the five salads. You can add chicken for $4.Twelve very different interest drawing pizzas star on the menu. Each imaginatively conceived pie is 12" crafted by Master Baker (that's "baker") MJ Coe, husband of pastry artist Tammie. One features roasted Brussels sprouts,pancetta, Manchego cheese, roasted garlic and lemon zest. A variety of tastes make it a surprise, but if you don't like the cruciferous sprouts, you might stick with the more traditional Pepperoni or Four Kings Cheese Pizza. Most of these brick oven babies run around $13.Four prime rate sandwiches are available, served on the fantastic house- made bread. However the Porchetta with slow-roasted pork loin, pork belly, arugula, carmelized onion and lemon ($10) was a bad debt: fatty, fatty, fatty!May love be your next big wave. A side of crispy Polenta Sticks with Romesco Sauce ($4) earned a high appraisal. The former Drive-Thru is re- purposed for "take away;" the fancy new-speak for "take out."You won't have to dip into your Christmas Club Account to afford Federal Pizza, but you might want to save a few pennies here and there. Your account can addup fast if you're a spendthrift. And you know where that got the Savings & Loan situation.
3	I am clearly in the minority on this one. That said, here goes:Stopped in on a Tuesday night when we noticed that the line was not out the door. Walked up and was seated immediately. The decor / ambience inside the restaurant is top notch. Very hip, very trendy, but also comfortable.We ordered drinks. Watermelon Wine Cooler and a Pilsner Urquell. The wine coolers are fantastic. Very original and done very well. Next we moved to appetizers. The F&A Veg Board. Wonderful! A nice nice mix of vegetables paired with romesco sauce. The pizza came next. We opted for a Gemini and a Meatball. I gotta say, I have had better pizza (Bianco, Cibo, Parlor). The ingredients were good and inventive. However, the crust was just ok. We paired the pizza with crispy polenta sticks. They were a home run. Would definitely get them again.I would recommend this place of drinks and snacks. If it is pizza you are searching for, there are better options. However, all around, the place is done well and definitely worth a look.
4	Nice vibe to the place.  I had a brussel sprout pizza which the combination of pancetta, manchego, garlic and lemon was delicious while the crust of the pizza was ok.  However, it was baked to perfection.Next time I will have appetizers and try a wine cooler.
5	Very delicious!  The Burrata and crostini is The Bomb!  The Burrata is super creamy and melts in your mouth.  The crostini is the perfect compliment.  The pizza is very good. We had the four cheese with mushrooms.  Fantastic.  I wouldn't say it's the best pizza I've ever had, but it sure is close and I cannot wait to go back and try a Stromboli.  The service deserves 5 stars just on it's own. The entire staff was super friendly.  We cannot wait to return!
3	We tried this place for the first time for lunch over the weekend. We tried the Big Star. It had good flavor, however it lacked cheese and the crust was flimsy. I prefer not to have to use a fork and knife to eat pizza. The staff was very friendly.
3	Loved this place! Great pizza and the fried polenta, holy crap it's good. I can't stop thinking about it.  The ambiance is nice but a little cramped. They have a patio that I bet helps with seating when it's not blistering hot outside.  I would have given another star if we didn't have to wait so long for a table and if our waitress wasn't so rude. The other servers that brought food to our table were super friendly and engaging but the girl with the super short black hair kinda ruined the fun. She should not be a server. She is the type of server that doesn't write anything down, gets it wrong and then gets mad when you want it corrected. We didn't get food we had ordered and drinks that we ordered were not correct etc. Anyway, go here and if you see that you are about to be served by the girl with super short black hair, politely ask for another server or just deal with her and tell her to write your order down. Either way the fried polenta will still be delicious!
4	This place has great specialty pizzas. It's definitely not the place to go if you just want a basic pepperoni. I've never had a bad dish here.The only issue I have is the layout of the restaurant. It's a rectangular shape, with an open concept kitchen across from a bar, plus music; it's not a place you're able to have a conversation without yelling.
4	I'd been wanting to try this place for a while and today I had my chance. They didn't disappoint. Pizza was awesome! Flavorful, good crust, and and the the house salad was a perfect compliment. Good service and ambience and it was a lovely work lunch.
5	Perfecto! I truly love the pizza here.  The food is amazing and never disappoints.  I had dinner with a friend last night and was pretty busy for a Wednesday.  We sat at the bar since it was too hot to enjoy the patio.  We split the 4 Cheese Pizza with a cheese blend and sauce.  So yummy and I love the thin crust.  I ordered the Great Little Salad and even ate the beets.  I have tried the Margherita Pizza and Caeser is a great combination.   I recommend the Mister Mister as an appetizer.  Lightly fried veggies and mozzarella with delicious Green Goddess.  The Blackberry Rosemary Wine Cooler is great on any day.  The staff are amazing and very attentive. I will have to try the Sweet Potato or Casanova pizza on my next visit.
4	Buy a growler and take it home...okay you got me.I was wary when I ordered my chef's whim pizza. I thought it literally was going to be made on the fly and whatever he felt like. It's actually just a daily special pizza. No you don't get a unique pizza to you. Sadly...thats what i was hoping for.Instead it was a very vegetarian sounding pizza. It had beets and corn in it..which scared me.I have never eaten beets before...so i was kind of scared. I went through with my decision...mostly because my wife made it for me. Good thing because the pizza was delicious. Not sure what beets are supposed to taste like...i thought they would be red, they were yellow..and sweet tasting. Is that normal? not sure but the pizza was good.Anyways...ended the night with my growler in hand...+1 for me.
5	We love it. Sometimes the wait is longer than we like but everything is yummy. This place has it going on with food and service.
5	I've been here a few times over the last 6 months, and every experience has been perfect. Nights out with friends, dates, and a fathers day meal with dad have all proved to be fantastic. The decor and atmosphere just absolutely incredible, and the staff is friendly and stylish. Be sure to ask what the Chef's Whim is.. today was SO AWESOME! Mortadella with pistachio, caramelized onions and pesto! Woo! The Big Star is my favorite. They also have brilliant selection of great beers and wines. The beers are so well priced.. you can't afford *not* to drink beer at Federal Pizza!ALSO! The SOUND SYSTEM here is incredible!
5	Oh Federal Pizza...How I love thee!  I just want to sit and try every single one of their wine coolers. My current favorite is the watermelon mint.Not only are the wine coolers delicious but so is the food. One of my favorite things to eat are meatballs (I know weird right?!) and they are so darn good here. Don't forget to order the Bambolini, even if you are full from the pizza...trust me!! :)I have been here several times and have never once been disappointed.I also have to mention the service because it is better than amazing! Everyone is helpful and friendly.
2	tried federal pizza for the first time last night.  easy to park and get a table. we were seated as soon as we walked in.  the 3 different people who waited on us were quick to let us order drinks/ refill/ bring out the food, but once we were served our main dish no one came by until it was time for the check. normally that would have been fine- except the food was sub-par.  ordered the burrata, sea salt olive oil on crostini.  it was okay, but not as great as the waitor made it sound.  we also ordered the "Big Star" pizza.  toppings were inconsistent, some slices had sauce and cheese only while others were loaded with all the veggies and toppings.   needless to say the "take and bake" pizza i had from costco was better then the food i ate last night.   i wouldn't order either dish again.  the ambiance is nice, good for a date night or a smaller group going out to dinner.  we sat inside at a table closer to the bar, i didn't feel as if i had to yell to hear, but we were a little tight squeezed with the group next to us.   overall, it was not the experience i was hoping for, i could live off postinos, and enjoy windsor. federal pizza won't get a repeat visit from us.
2	I won't be going back even though the food and the beer were great.  We had a group of approximately 10 couples.  When we got our bill they added 20% gratuity, ok I can deal with that.  Where I had a big problem was the server would not divide out each couples portion of the bill or total out each couples bill.  They made you total out your own bill, then figure your tax and then figure your own portion of gratuity.  It was a huge hassle and it took forever for everyone to get the one check and subtract their portion.   Very poor and frustrating business policy.
5	We've never eaten inside the restaurant, but we have regularly been driving home from work and said to one another "I could really do pizza tonight"30 seconds later he's got his phone out and we're ordering our regular: big star pizza and tlc salad.That's really all we get and everytime it's amazing.  With the restaurant being an old bank building, I love that they've maintained the drive thru lane and we can just drive up to pay and receive our order.  It's ridiculously convenient.We've eaten a lot of pizzas in the valley, this is by far our favorite and now we can't eat any others without a) feeling ill or b) comparing it.  Nothing is as good. Try it, you shouldn't be disappointed.
5	Great pizza, love the ingredients and the waiters are always helpful and fun to chat with.
5	I'm normally a more traditional type of pizza guy, but their Casanova pizza...dates, pecorino, prosciutto, and arugula was amazing.  Service was top notch.  Atmosphere was unique and even with some background music you could still have a conversation.  Great selection and prices on beer and wine.  We will definitely be going back!!!!  It has the same owners as Postino's and a similiar feel.
5	I was a fan of Federal before, but now that they've started a new late night special on Mondays and Tuesdays, I've fallen head over heels in love! A pizza plus a bottle of wine (or two pitchers of beer) for just $20 after 8pm. Best of all, the deal is available for takeout too. It's really an incredible deal. You're basically paying retail for the wine and getting the pizza for free!And it's really good pizza. It might even be my favorite, but I can't bring myself to make that kind of statement on the record. The crust is so flavorful and crisp. I'm glad they don't shellac it in oil like they do at LGO, another contender in my favorite pizza category. While Grimaldi's might be my favorite pizza close to home, Federal really has them beat when it comes to toppings. I've had the sweet potato, veggie, potato and date pizzas so far, and I've loved them all.Is there a way to bottle the wine coolers to go? If I could get a growler full of the watermelon mint variety, my summer would be complete.
4	I just moved down here to this area. So I biked here. from my place off of 4th n roosevelt. I met my neighbor, had a few beers and pizza. It was a joy to enjoy pizza this good, and I'm from Brooklyn, NY. I recommend anyone in the area that enjoys pizza and beer to stop here.
5	You looking for a pizza place to go to?  While you should totally go to Federal Pizza, it is the BEST pizza place in Arizona.  They have an awesome selection of pizza's you can choice from.  So, far I have had the Meatball, Big Star, Brussels Sprout and Manifesto.  The Meatball is my favorite pizza; if you add Brussels sprouts to the pizza it's even better.   Even the staff is awesome too; they make you feel like you are only one in the restaurant.  Your water glass is always filled and the pizza comes out quick too.  It may be in central phoenix, but it is totally worth the drive.  Federal Pizza is a locally owned company.  They are part of the Upward Projects; all of their other restaurants are great too.   So, if you have not tried Federal Pizza.  Then you are totally missing out.
5	The food here is extremely good and the service has always been impeccable.  The one time something came out that was sub par, the waitress apologized profusely and removed it from the bill.  Once they also accidentally brought the wrong pizza, but quickly corrected it and comped it.  Great atmosphere and no snobbery. Fast friendly service at lunch time.
5	Oh. My. Lanta. I loved the food. We had the burrata, tlc salad and Casanova pizza. The burrata with the slightly charred bread. Oh so good. Lovely lovely salad with beets, nuts and pears. And my fave was the pizza. Mmmmm. Arugula, dates, proscuitto and ricotta. Reminded me of one of my favorite Spanish tapas - dates stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon. I heart you, Federal Pizza.
5	I visited Federal Pizza on a trip out West to see family.  When my brother suggested going to a pizza place I was thinking, no way!  I eat at some of the best pizza places in the world on the regular out on the East Coast.  Federal Pizza more than met my high expectations.  The Pizza was perfectly cooked and wood fired.  The toppings were inspired.  I was very impressed with their appetizers and salads as well.  It was so great that I went back again before leaving.The Burrata with fresh baked bread was a great start.  The cheese is mild and spreadable and the bread is toasted to perfection.  We also cooled off with happy hour house made wine coolers.  They had a great beer selection as well.  I tried the meatball, manifesto, big star, and casanova pizzas.  The casanova and meatball were perfect for sharing because of their more intense flavors.  The big star and manifesto were more traditional, but with an artisanal kick.  Another great bonus with this place is that they source some of their products locally.  The sausage is made right down the street at Schreiners Sausages.  The staff is definitely hipster cool, but really helpful and excited about the food and drinks.  They made some excellent suggestions and made sure we had everything we needed. The location is the perfect fit.  It's in an old bank building from the 50's and helps make this place have mid-century charm.  The decorations are also clearly somewhat Mad Men inspired.  But, the whole place feels so modern and clean at the same time... it's no time capsule.You really can't go wrong here.
5	They are now doing $20 night here Monday's and Tuesday's after 8!  This is a legendary deal at Postino, and I like it even better here at Federal because they have a drivethru!  I sped right thru the first time not seeing the actual drivethru, but the gal was nice enough to open the sliding door during my second pass so I could see that I was in the right place.  The $20 will get you any bottle of their wines also served by the glass, and any pizza.  They have a great wine selection (a lot of the same as Postis) so I stuck with my summer jam which is always the Ca Del Sarto pinot grigio, crisp and refreshing in this heat, and tried the Big Star pizza which I worried would be a little busy but was really well done!  I learned a little trick when doing take out pizza - I put about 4 slices in a pan on the stove set over medium low heat while I open the wine and prepare a salad accompaniment.  This really makes the pizza crisp up, and you get to have it nice and hot at your convenience.  I foresee never cooking again on Mondays.
5	Wow! So delicious! I actually had a dream about it after eating there last night so it was like reliving the amazing pizza all over again. I will never eat at another pizza place.
4	Great pizza, I really love the sweeter sauce and sausage.  The Caesar salad was not the great.  Prices are just a little too high.
1	THIS IS THE EXACT COMPLAINT I FILED WITH THE BBB:Sunday, June 30th, 2013, my boyfriend picked up our favorite pizza in the valley to eat for an early lunch, the Federal.  Immediately after eating we were both feeling a little off, slight stomach pains, a little bloated but no biggie.  We thought maybe we had over eaten.  By 8:00pm that night I ended up on the floor of my house vomiting profusely into a bowl as I could not reach the bathroom the food poisoning was so severe.  July 1, 2013, I woke up to severe dehydration, and with severe muscle and kidney pain from the extensive vomiting and other lovely experiences I had the entire night.  Unfortunately, my body had gone into such a state of dehydration, that it began to halt the function of my organs. Namely, my esophagus, my lungs, my muscles and my bladder.  Unable to walk, my boyfriend carried me to his truck and sped like a maniac to the hospital.  Arriving at the hospital, the Drs did an MRI and did not like the sound of my heart and I ended up staying in the hospital getting bags upon bags of saline to aid in my severe dehydration. After a $300 ER bill, two missed days of work for my boyfriend (he was sick too but less so) and three missed days of work for myself, I decided to email the Federal, July 7th, 2013, after recuperating for a week.  I did not ask for compensation, I was not rude or out of line. I wrote the email coming from a concerned patron that feels that something should be done to avoid this ever happening in the future. What I got was an email back (July 12, 2013) from a Craig Demarco, an owner of Upward Projects, who vilely requested that we handle this matter over the phone.  No problem, I understand that you do not want anything in writing for me to use against you.  Even though I expressly stated I was not out to get them, I was out to incite a change in how the restaurant serves its food.  I agreed to do so and handed over my phone number and gave some times that we could talk, and said if those times didn't work, we should coordinate a better time. It is officially one week later (July, 19th, 2013) and no response.  Not a call, not an email, not a care. This expresses a complete lack of decorum and respect for the diners that come in to the Federal, and I cannot be less impressed with their actions.  I am disgusted with how this has been handled and really do thank them for really exhibiting how they handle delicate matters such as this.  By not handling them at all.Update: June 19, 2014 - Nobody from this restaurant or any of the owners have contacted me about my experience.  Still no love.
4	Pretty good pizza...Great location...Um, um,,,,, awesome drive through... Say whaaa!Would like to try other things on the menu, so You have my attention.... So far so good,,,, i have faith that you will be good in the long run, but I'll be watching.. Waiting....... ;-P
5	My friend/coworker took me here for lunch today cause she really likes it and knew I had never been. The staff was friendly and attentive. We both had ice tea and it was very refreshing. The orange slice in the ice tea gave it a little extra something. Then we started with the Mister Mister appetizer which was a combination of baby zucchini, artichokes, sweet potatoes, and mozzarella cheese tempura'd served with two different sauces. For our main meal we shared the Federal Chop salad and the Casanova pizza which had dates,ricotta cheese, prosciutto, arugula, and pecorino. Everything was amazing and I would definitely go back and recommend to others.
5	The pizza here is bomb like donkey kong!  In my opinion, better than Pizzeria Bianco.  I tried the sweet potato/sage/ricotta pizza and the casanova.  I'm eating leftovers right now and it still tastes amazing.  Service was great!  Can't wait to go back.
5	Federal Pizza is AMAZING. I have been here on two occasions--once with my boyfriend, and once with my family--and both experiences were out of this world. Being from NYC, I'm hard to please when it comes to pizza...and this place definitely exceeds my expectations. My favorite: the Casanova Pizza (prosciutto, dates, ricotta, augula, and pecorino). Needless to say, it's sweet and salty perfection. The decor is retro trendy. If you're into antiques, check out the beautiful lamps from the 50's, 60's and 70's. Overall, everything about FP is five stars. If you have a Yelp list like I do, this should be at the very top.Oh, and they have Drive Thru Take Out...just call ahead!
4	Had been wanting to go to Federal Pizza forever and finally was able to get a sitter on a weeknight and took advantage of the pizza and bottle of wine for $20. Got the Casanova and it was great! Although my husband loves dates (and ricotta and prosciutto) he was a little worried but it was amazing! A sweeter pizza, but the creaminess of the ricotta, the saltiness of the prosciutto and the freshness of the arugula were great balance. We ordered the Brussels sprouts w/ pancetta on the side (mostly because it was a toss-up for the Brussels sprouts pizza) and they also helped balance the sweetness of the pizza. Can't wait for the next weekday date night :) so we can try all the pizzas.
5	What a pleasant surprise! My group of friends had the most friendly, prompt waitress in the history of the world. And the pizza was perfect.GO THERE ON A MONDAY!You can get either 2 pizzas + 1 pitcher of beer (or something like that) or one pizza and a bottle of wine for $20. And the waitress was like, "Get the most expensive wine for the best deal." So I did.Just go. It's not too loud, not too quiet. On a steamy evening July it was a little warm inside (that's what she...never mind.). But who cares.I'm going to have to go back and back to try the rest of the menu. Oh, and I got the margherita pizza. Everything about it was perfect. I can taste the delish dough in my watering mouth right now.Oh, there's a drive-through!
4	Since going to Federal Pizza for the first time last Thursday (as in July 25th) I have now been there three times in the last week.  3!!  I am addicted to the watermelon and mint wine coolers (only $5 at lunch).  I have had the meatball pizza, margarita pizza and caprese sandwich.  ALL DELISH!!  Obviously I'll be back...tomorrow perhaps :)
1	8/2/13Ease of Parking . Busy but given a table right away. Staff pleasant. Olives good.4 cheese pizza...not so great. Crust in middle kind of flabby. Sauce was so bland it had no real taste. Where was the cheese??? dough itself pretty good. pretty pricy for quality of food. wont go back.Also very noisy.
4	This place is the cat's meow. A delightful experience.Atmosphere is great. Love what they did with the place. Relaxing and trendy at the same time.We chose to sit at the bar to skip the wait.  The bartender with the English accent had a great personality ... funny, informative. We came on a Monday and chose to partake in their awesome $20 pizza and booze special. The wine and beer selection was great and had the same thought and care to it that Postinos has. We had ourselves a refreshing white blend, perfect for a hot and humid night. We split some polenta sticks to start. They were good but underwhelming. The taste reminded me a bit of the fried macaroni and cheese from TGI Fridays. Can't figure out if that is a good thing... Next time I think we will split a salad to go with our pizza. They look scrumptious.We chose the pizza with the brussel sprouts and manchego, but without the prosciutto. Yummmmm! Hard to believe I hated brussels as a kid. This pizza can make anyone eat their veggies! The crust was perfect. My husband loved it too and he usually doesn't care for pizza that doesn't have tomato sauce. Although I loved the wine we were drinking I was insanely curious about their wine coolers. So my husband finished off the wine and I ordered the grapefruit ginger cooler. It went down way too easy. I can see how these can be addictive. And they pack quite the boozy punch.While sitting at the bar I noticed they have a drive through. SHUT THE FRONT DOOR!! I almost fell out of my seat. So you are saying I can get one of their delicious pizzas AND their booze to go without even leaving my car? I can enjoy it in my pajamas with my booty planted on my couch while watching my nerdy BBC shows?? We asked if their patio was dog-friendly. Why yes it is. I can picture our dog at our feet on their cute little patio that overlooks Central after the weather isn't hellaciously hot anymore. So yes, of course we would return. Duh. I would take Federal Pizza over a 3 hour wait and a side of pretentiousness at Pizzeria Bianco any day.
5	From the moment you walk in to the moment you finish your last delicious bite, Federal Pizza is a fun and awesome place to be.The introductions are hilarious, the waitstaff balances courteous service with hilarious interjections, and the food is delicious.  I like the variety of pizzas, and the environment is friendly and clean.Really under-emphasized when reading lists of places to eat on Central. Take some friends and check it out!If you park in the back, you'll be next to the bakery and can get a cookie on your way out.
3	Ok Ok....maybe I have a love hate relationship with this place, but the BF and I went here again with Jon and Amy H. (who love this place) on Sat for lunch and I wasn't impressed...at all. We wanted to share a pizza, but they said they couldn't make a half cheese half manifesto pizza due to different cooking times, which lead to us to ordering WAY too much food. I got the manifesto add brussels and he got the caprese sandwich. The pizza was alright, but it just didn't have the flavor it had the last time...it was boring for having so many ingredients. The sandwich was also pretty boring...definitely nothing special. I also had one of their strawberry wine cooler and I was not a fan....it wasn't very sweet and it had a lot of ice, which made it hard to drink. I just thought it was ok overall.....the bad part actually happened today. I reheated a couple slices in the toaster oven and the cheese turned totally plastic -y! I have no idea how that happened, but it was pretty gross. This makes me not really want to have their pizza again, especially since half of the (not so cheap) pizza went in the trash.
5	Great pizza and wonderful atmosphere!
5	One of my favorite places in town and it's walking distance from my apartment, which is a huge plus. Food and service is consistently on point. I had always come for the pizza but recently ventured out and tried their salads and sandwiches. Crazy, I know. Everything I have tried was delicious. Never a complaint, and never wished I had ordered something else instead.They make their own wine coolers which are fun and tasty (and quite a bit stronger than the B&J crap you get at the grocery store.Its just a fun, hip restaurant with friendly staff and laid back atmosphere and I look forward to every visit here.In fact I have reservations for 10 for my birthday tonight!
5	Delicious olives and the wine and Casanova pizza was absolutely delicious! Happy service, wonderful night.
5	I have tried several of their pizzas since my friends and I like to share and every single one is delish! Don't even bother with Bianco anymore... skip the wait and crowded dining room and head to Federal instead.
1	Tonight (Friday) was our first time to try Federal Pizza. After reading the rave reviews on here, we were excited! That excitement dwindled the minute we were put on a wait. We sat outside to wait and all of a sudden a brunette bar tender comes storming out of the restaurant with the manager, cussing up a storm. She complained about Chris (I guess another bar tender) for a good 10 minutes - about how he would cuss her out in front of guests, how she was going to leave immediately if the manager didn't send Chris home and more ranting. After that episode we were seated inside and literally waited TWELVE minutes before we were greeted. Yes it was a Friday night, but they were half full at the time. Being a waitress myself, I was appalled no one had even stopped by.We ordered the chop salad which is incredibly small for $10. Honestly - the wait staff really didn't have it together. They seemed completely unorganized. A waitress came up and asked if we wanted to look at a dessert menu and we didn't even have our pizza on the table! Seriously? The pizza was good - small, but had a nice flavor. Overall, the service was terrible. Since my husband and I frequent Postino's quite often, I expected much better service. Bartenders - get your shit together.
4	So good!!! Yum. We got a cheese pizza and a sweet potato pizza to go. I love their drive thru window - super convenient for times when you feel lazy.The sweet potato pizza is delicious - if you like sweet potatoes, try this pizza. The ricotta on top was creamy and complimented the sweet potatoes wonderfully. The crust was buttery and crispy. The cheese pizza was also excellent - really nice blend of flavors.I feel like getting things to go is never quite as good as eating them in the restaurant. The pizza was so good even after picking it up and letting it get lukewarm in the car that I'm excited about sitting down in the restaurant and having a full meal. Can't wait to go back!
5	UM YEA best pizza place in phoenix!
2	Service has always been shaky, but it's really getting bad. The servers don't refill drinks or pay attention to their customers. I'd say about 1/3 of the times we were there, one order was wrong. They are too busy having personal conversations. They are not too friendly anyway. I think this happening because the managers are enabling or participating in it. Some staff turnover is in order.Too bad, because I live in walking distance. We've pretty much stopped going. Go to the Parlor.
5	I just love this place! The veggie board rocks and their pizza is awesome! Today I had the At Last (?) pizza with broccolini, corn, basil, chilis, goat cheese, and lemon zest. It's one of my favorites! Great lunch specials too!
5	Serious, the service and food are both by far the best in central phx.  It's really the people that make this place one of our favorites. Kudos to the staff for never making me transfer my bar tab, for letting me enjoy your great happy hour until our fav booth becomes available and just being good peeps. You never let is down!  Ps, you're everything The Yard should be! Xoxo!
5	Been dying to try Federal Pizza...since we love Postinos, Joyride Tacos and Windsor. We met some of our foodie friends there, which was great because we got 4 different pizzas and shared...we all eat vegetarian too and there were such great options!Here's what we had:-Gemini- excellent flavor - my husbands favorite...the Gorgonzola was the perfect cheese mixed with the other ingredients-Margherita- great and simplistic-At Last - super tastes with all the veggies...wish we would have not left off the goat cheese, but not everyone was a fan of goat cheese-Brussels Sprout - had to get it without pancetta...this one was my favorite! Super super flavorful...The dough for the crust was delish! I would say this place ranked above Pizzeria Bianco for me...and I love Biancos.We finished off the meal with dessert: Bombolini. Warm sugar donuts with chocolate dipping sauce...great end to the mealI would highly recommended FP to everyone!!
5	Finally got to go here and I was not disappointed! We went last night, a Friday night, around 6:30 and didn't have to wait too long. There was a cocktail server that brought us drinks within a few minutes Waiting gave us time to look over the menu as well. There were three of us and we decided to do an appetizer and two pizzas. For our app we got the burrata, recommended by our server. It was good, nothing amazing, but good. It was a little bland for me, so I added the basil garnish which gave it a little something of what it was lacking. And for pizzas we got the Big Star and the Chef's Whim. Both were absolutely amazing and I don't think I could pick a favorite. The Big Star has Schreiner's sausage, Molinari pepperoni, red and yellow bell peppers, mushrooms, olives, and wood roasted onions. Everything on the pizza was great, even the olives were tolerable and I hate olives. Probably some of the best pepperoni I have ever had. The Chef's Whim that night had sauteed shrimp, sweet yellow corn, asparagus, peppers (some kind of small, sweet red peppers), lemon zest, cheese blend and instead of red sauce it was a roasted garlic sauce. I was surprised at how amazing this pizza was! I'm not sure what people are talking about when they say bad service because our service was on point. Our beer and wine came out within a couple minutes during our entire meal. Our waters were topped off by at least four servers, plates were cleared right after finishing, and box and check came out right after we asked. We had an awesome experience and we will definitely be going back soon! We will also be taking advantage of their drive thru option :)
5	Really loved this place the atmosphere along with the food. We ordered the veggie sandwich and I was blown away with how good it was.  The only downside of this evening was the parking.
5	I've heard good and bad things about the service as well as the pizza however I have to say that I have been there 3 times now and every single time the service was awesome, the pizza was awesome, the salads were awesome and the environment and vibe was incredibly awesome!!! This is for sure one of my new staples in downtown Phoenix!! Thanks guys.
5	Great food, atmosphere, and service! And Churn is across the street. The Parlor has some good competition!
4	How I didn't know about this place two miles down the road is beyond me.  Went tonight with a large group and was taken aback by this gem!  I had the spaghetti and meatballs.  Portion was huge and took slightly less than half home.  Got to try all three desserts - I'm not a pudding fan so I won't comment on that particular one.  The doughnuts were HOT and soft inside like a pretzel.  Cobbler is normally not a fave of mine, but I could tell the berries were fresh.  Pleasantly surprised. Heard rave reviews at the table about the lasagna, but portion size was a little skimpy.  Also heard on past visits by others at the table that the pizza is phenomenal.  Will try next time!This brings me to my last point: service here was excellent.  Genuinely friendly and overall great job.  Only reason I don't five star it is they never brought my side salad.  (Also no bread.  Pasta and no bread?)  Forgot to check the bill.  Hopefully it was left off.  Make your way to this place if you've never been!  Great ambiance and a relaxed crowd with a little wait for a table by dinner time.
5	Cool vibe, awesome drink selection (with 5$ mini-pitchers before 5pm!) and top notch pizza. Their sandwiches are great too! Couldn't ask for more.
4	First time here today. Nice people, good service, excellent pizza and salad.  Also a cool interior and design.  Thumbs up.
5	Incredible music is constantly playing. I heard the clash and Johnny Cash while eating. The porchetta sandwich is a must have and I also had the mister mister which was freaking delicious and growlers to go. This place is going to be hard to beat.
5	Great wood oven pizza, fantastic setting, over the top service. Mgr Tammy took extra care of us!
5	Its got a cool casual feel to it..I love the "Shorty" beer glasses they have.Must have for trying on different beers.The warm donuts with the hot chocolate sauce is a sinful delight that is hard to resist.
2	Food is good, if you like thin crunchy pizza crust, but service needs lots of work. Too much socializing between servers and patrons. I actually said to our latest server that I was "Sorry to interrupt her socializing, but could she bring our table another round" of drinks. She didn't even realize I had cut her off at her knees... I don't recommend this hipster haven...Another server was standing out front of the business when we left, having a helluva argument on her cellphone, complete with f-bombs and loudly stating that "you're broken, dude! to the broken dude she was arguing with on her cellphone. . Nothing against youth, but this place is truly Hipster hell, not for people in their late forties like me and my dinner companion. Hire servers with maturity.
4	Very good pizza.  it's much like Humble Pie - very custom and very different pizza - but a little more hip and trendy.   We don't get to Central/Camelback all that often, but if you do, its worth the trip.  It's close to the other Postinos - just slightly north of Camelback, on Central - West side.
4	Their veg plate is da bomb, so is their tempera veggies and their side of beets and beet + pear salad. The pizza toppings are amazing, but I'm just really disappointed with their crust, tastes cheap. Other than that I recommend it--try the margarita pizza
5	Great food, great atmosphere & great service, what else is there to say?  Oh yeah & a great beer selection! We managed to get seats at the bar because the place was packed on a Friday night - always a good sign. The bartender recommended the burrata, which I was cheesy awesomeness that I would highly recommend. Our pizza was the big star, I don't normally like green olives on pizza but they added just the right amount of saltiness. Can't wait to go back & try something new!My only real complaint was that after putting our name down for a table, the hostess seemed to lose track of us so I had to flag her down to make sure we weren't forgotten. It ended up being a non-issue when we scored two seats at the bar & had fantastic service from the staff.
5	Pizza. Bomb.  Its a pizza place... and Fing good.  Go here!
4	EVERYONE has been talking about Federal Pizza so we had to make our way over to check it out.Atmosphere is pretty cool, didn't blow me away but still cool. The service was excellent.We started our meal with the meatball trio appetizer and it was really, really good. The meatballs were very tender and full of flavor. We shared some pizza (cheese pizza) as well and it was also delicious. The appropriate amounts of sauce/cheese/crust ratio. The rest of the menu sounded great and we wanted to try other items but we kind of had to try the pizza for out first visit. I would recommend a visit to this place but I'm not sure if I would ever crave it or NEED to go back, but if people wanted to go, I wouldn't say no!
5	This place has the BEST CRUST EVER! And normally I dont even care much for the crust of a pizza!! I have had pizza in the best places in New York, Phoenix, San Francisco and San Diego- not one of them comes close to Federal Pizza at all.Great ambience and service - Highly recommend ASAP!
4	Nom nom nom! So good and it makes me not want to leave any for later. My favorite is the brussel sprout pizza. I was really impressed that it has a drive thru and you can even buy beer to take home. Awesome! I am still not sure how their service works because it's always a different face coming to my table during the dinner, whereas, usually you keep the same waitress all night. I wasn't really sure if that was standard or if my waitress gave up on our table. Either way, it's for sure delicious pizza!
5	Everything was delightful and delicious.  Casanova pizza, chopped salad...oh my. Uber relaxed and amazingly wonderful.  Megan suggestions for us newbies was a welcomed wonder. We are already planning our next visit.
4	It was our  wedding anniversary and the kids were at Grandma's. It was a Wednesday night. We were both finally off work, it was 8pm, and we wanted to try to fit in a little date to celebrate another year down. I was in the mood for pizza, so of course, we turn to Yelp. We wanted somewhere good, but not good enough to require me to get all fancied up. The reviews looked promising, so we said "what the hey.." The weather was just chilly enough to not want to sit outside. We couldn't find the entrance, so we walked a circle around the entire building. It was a nice walk. We got to assess (and by assess I mean "gossip about") some couples on the patio. That was fun.Walked in, greeted right away by a nice lady. Sat at a table by the patio door. The view was nice. The bar was pretty. The crowd was a little bit hipster, a little bit normal people. It looked like there were a lot of first dates happening. Those are fun to watch. The server was super sweet, I love that they're all wearing normal clothes. The food was pretty good. We got some sort of appetizer, I forgot what it was called as soon as I ordered it. It looked like a whole bunch of fried stuff all piled together (not greasy gross fried, just fried), with 2 different dipping sauces. One green, one red. The red was better. For an entree, we shared a pizza. It was okay. We got the Big Star because all the others looked a little too weird (apple and sausage?... hmm) For dessert, we had doughnuts with the chocolate sauce. We got them because they make a similar dessert at Olive Garden, and we are obsessed with them. Well... I hate to say this, because I love small businesses, but olive garden's doughnut and chocolate sauce is a lot better. So it was a huge disappointment, but that's not necessarily their fault. Our expectations were probably too high. We also split a pitcher of beer. The total bill was 40 bucks plus tip. Not too shabby.When we left, like, 5 employees smiled and said "bye!! thanks for coming in!!" Where did they find such pleasant people? I like it.
5	Federal has some amazing pizza combinations. The Casanova is a real winner as well as the brussel sprout pizza for me. The Casanova has prosciutto, ricotta, dates, and fresh arugula combining sweet, salty, and a tad of spice from the arugula making for an awesome flavor combo. Love love love it. I always enjoying hearing the chef's whim which is a random pizza concoction that the chef thinks up for that day--always different, always delicious. When just going for a snack the polenta is tasty and comes in fried little sticks with a dipping sauce, and only $4. Federal has a great draft beer selection and as the other Upward Projects restaurants offers it's before 5pm specials... This time wine, draft beer, or in-house made wine coolers.Wonderful place to kick back on the patio and enjoy life :)
4	I am not really a huge fan of fancy pizza, but this pizza was quite delicious. I went for the classic pepperoni and cheese and it was really good. It's a pretty big personal serving of pizza; most likely you will need to take half home. It is on the pricy side, but you can tell the ingredients are fresh and high quality. This restaurant is really cute and right next to a bakery, which is convenient for the sweet tooth after. It was good and I will be back, just not on a regular basis.
5	Pizza..wine.. Amazing ! This is place is amazing !! It's very nice the service is as amazing as their food ! Love love love !!
4	group of 12 of us had a great time and great meal.  ordered lots of appetizers that went around the table - tasty assortment!  several craft beer fans in the group were very pleased.  one person ordered a wine cooler which came in an interesting bottle and it was very good.
1	I have never been treated so poorly as a customer in my life. Our drinks were empty the entire meal and when we asked for a to go box the waitress dumped all our pizza crust in the box after I told her not to. She then closed the pizza box and told me I can deal with it and walked away. The management should really talk to the staff about courtesy and appropriate behavior towards customers. I would rather eat pizza out of a trashcan than go back to federal pizza.
3	So are you guys going to to have water or do you want anything else... The food was great but the service from our server was lackluster. We got a salad, two pizzas, three appetizers, two glasses of wine and a pitcher yet our server seemed to think we were going to be a table of water and pizza. Food was great but our server couldn't get it right. Missed drinks and wrong orders; for my first time at Federal Pizza, I don't know if I'd necessarily come back as a result of the service.
5	Yep, I love it!  In fact, I have found my new favorite cocktail, the Grapefruit Ginger wine cooler.  I do not care that I am not supposed to have grapefruit juice.  It is so worth it.  I started with 5 stars for this drink.As for the pizza.  I apparently like roasted brussels sprouts, at least when paired with pancetta, manchego, and garlic.  The Manifesto was not to be outdone, though. Schreiner's sausage, mushrooms, goat cheese...a big ole slice of good.  My husband, the pizza purist, gave high marks to the pepperoni, too!  And these are good-sized pizzas.  Three pies for three people was ridiculous, but we all wanted something different.  My arm did not have to be twisted to take the leftovers.  I only wished we had tried the polenta sticks.  Next time.
3	3 stars because there are so many better pizza places. Federal pizza is definitely cool and a neat place to go to or try.  I love the drink and beer selection and appetizers are tasty.  Haven't been impressed with the pizza  The first time I went we sat at the bar and the service was outstanding! Last night we sat outside and service was a little off.I still would go back but will try the pasta or salads next time.
5	Went for a group lunch ~12 people.the staff was friendly, accommodating, and best of all the food was delicious.def going back.oh PS. this is despite my not being a "pizza person"
5	I have yet to find anything here I don't realllly enjoy.  Last night the bf and I shared the campari tomato appetizer before chowing on pizza.  This is sort of their caprese salad... They roast a few campari tomatoes and serve them up with fresh mozzarella, a healthy portion of aged balsamic, drizzle of olive oil and a few basil leaves.  That cheese is seriously melt-in-your-mouth delicious. And the buttery-ness of the cheese goes jut perfectly with the acidity in the tomatoes and balsamic.  A sprinkle of fresh-cracked pepper and sea salt is the cherry on top.  If you're an olive fan, it should go without saying to try Castelvetrano olives as well. As for pizzas, I absolutely love the Casanova.  The Answer is really good as is the Manifesto.  I even enjoy the Brussels Sprout pizza.  I'm leaning toward the Sweet Potato pizza next time with sausage added to make it a bit more savory. As with most restaurants, I have yet to make it to the dessert menu...If you are in the mood for adult beverages, their house made wine coolers are light and refreshing.  They have a good craft beer and nice wine list too.  On Monday and Tuesdays after 8pm, you can get a pizza and 2 sm pitchers OR a bottle of wine for only $20.  If you don't want to drink and then drive, you can get this same deal through their carry out window.  Winning!!
3	The pizza was delicious and the environment was fabulous.  But the service was so bad from one particular server today...I just can't give this place anymore than 3 stars.  We were a party of five and each person in my group was appalled at the service.I have never left a zero tip before but just for the principle of it...all I could do today was leave her a note. I won't replay all of her issues of unfriendliness and inattentiveness on here because she's well aware of her mistakes....if not, than she's even worse than a zero tip.  We hope to return sometime but for now...take-out will be our only reason to return.
1	This update does not pertain to the service staff directly or even the overall food (as you can see from my previous review).  This update is solely based on the behavior of the owners.My girlfriend and I had a bad experience here over the summer (aka food poisoning).  You can view the whole story under the review from Mackenzie F.  To this date, nothing ever came about from the owners.  At no point were we ever trying to "get" anything from them or anyone else.  We simply wanted to ensure it wouldn't happen to others.  We just wanted a chance to voice our concerns and be assured that steps would be taken internally to correct any issues.I have been in the service industry for many years at various levels and I cannot believe that an owner would simply not care if one of their patrons ended up at the hospital.  I am a realist and I understand that the specific food issue could have come from anywhere in the supply chain right up to the preparation stage.  But to completely ignore an issue like this is unacceptable.We will not be frequenting any of the Upward Projects businesses going forward.
3	There are an awful lot of artisan pizza restaurants in Phoenix these days.  Federal Pizza joins the fray with Pizzzeria Bianca, LGO, The Parlor, and North Fattoria Italiana.  I gotta say, for me, Federal Pizza simply doesn't stack up to the competition.  I wanted so much to fall in love with this place because it's an Upward Projects restaurant and I love pretty much everything they do.  The design, service, clientele, and environment are everything that I love about all the Upward Projects spots.  There is a really great trendy local feel to this place.  Unfortunately, the food just doesn't match up.  At least the pizza doesn't.  Some of the salads and the pork sandwich are pretty good.I find the pizza crust itself to be bland and uninspired, although it has good consistency and is always cooked appropriately.  The sauces are completely lacking in flavor.  The toppings seem as though they would create interesting flavor profiles, but ultimately fail on that front as well.  Don't even think about the pepperoni or sausage options--you'll be drowned in grease.  I keep going back for the pitchers of beer, friendly environment, and roasted vegetables.
5	Pizza: Really creative combinations, all of which are good. My favorites are Sweet Potato (sweet potato, sage, and ricotta) and Cassanova (dates, prosciutto, ricotta). Even the Brussels Sprout (roasted in balsamic + garlic) is tasty. Order one per person. Drink: Solid and cheap beer selection. Never had wine here, but they've got a lengthy list. Service: Friendly hipster service staff. Ambiance: Pretty standard stuff. More a restaurant than a pizzeria. The outside patio is right on Central and so a bit loud. Price: Beer=cheap. Pizzas about $12-14 each. Bottom line: Highly recommended.
3	I don't go much unless my friends insist. I'm gluten free and Federal Pizza refuses to offer it. Every time I go, I ask and get a variety of reasons --from we're working on it (a year ago) to its not anything that we're planning (most recent). Tired of waiting, Spinatos, Sauce, LGO (the best GF pizza btw) will do.
2	The food has always been good. This review is to echo the numerous other reviews about poor customer service.  Please address this at all levels...  It sucks when you really want to be a regular, but roll the dice when you sit down.
4	I genuinely love most pizza places. This one falls right into my love for pizza. However my first trip here was with a group of co-workers and the service was flat out awful. She was rude and forgetful. She forgot to put one of our pizza orders in now granted the manager made up for it and sent us back to work with a couple of free pizzas. I did decide to them another chance and just chalk my first experience up to a once in a blue moon mistake. Every experience after that was amazing. The pizza a lit more greasy than I would like but otherwise great food. The service has been amazing since and it also helps that I have only been waited on by male servers.
5	Ahhhhhhh how refreshing it was to have good service, good food in a clean upscale restaurant. This was my first visit to Federal Pizza. The smiley host sat us on the patio at my request and we were promptly greeted with water and out menus. The waiter was friendly, he told us about the special  gave us a few minutes to look the extensive not- the- run- of- the -mill menu over .... then took our order. I ordered the Brussels sprout Pizza and TLC salad. They offer a 1/2 a pizza and 1/2 salad for lunch for $9.95. My guest ordered Big star pizza and Federal Chop. The food came out quickly served on pizza trays, it was kinda unusual but it definitely worked. My salad was out of this world. Seriously the best salad I've ever had. I love fresh slivered fennel and it was just the right amount. My crazy Brussel sprout pizza was delish! So yummy. I can't wait to go back  again and again so I can conquer everything on this menu! Oh and my guest enjoyed her meal too, she always does, she visits Federal a few times a month, easy for her she lives in the area, I live in Scottsdale. It's worth the trip. Next time....The Manifesto pizza, Wedge Salad and I've gotta try the Mister Mister for an appetizer! Whooo Hooooo finally something good, obviously I've got to get out of scottsdale more!
4	I had to try this place as I frequent the other upward project restaurants. I stopped here for lunch with a girlfriend.The place is right next to postino central. Very cute decor inside, modern, trendy, but yet casual. They have the same happy hour drink specials as postino with $5 pitchers, glasses of wine, but also offered homemade wine coolers that looked quite interesting and will definitely try next time. They offer very unique pizza combinations from broccolini with goat cheese and roasted corn to Brussels sprouts and sweet potatoes. (Range from $11-14) We opted for their lunch special which was a great deal. It comes with a half size pizza (full size is good for one person) and also half a salad of your choice. I went for the big star (schreiners sausage, peppers, mushrooms, pepperoni, and their cheese blend) very tasty! And half the TLC salad (pear,apple, pecorino, citrus shallot vinegarette) awesome once again. All that for $9.99 was well worth it!  We still had room for dessert and tried the bombellinis (fried sugar doughnuts with chocolate dipping sauce) soooo perfect!!! Don't pass those up!Service was great. Although it was pretty empty anyway. The server was extremely helpful, kind, and upbeat :) hopefully it's the same when it's more busy. Will definitely be back again probably during happy hour to try those wine coolers, more pizza, and those bombellinis!Make me the happiest girl and bring this one to Gilbert too, Upward Projects!!!!!! :)
5	Federal pizza is delicious! The atmosphere is cute, and my waitor was very kind and funny. Just my type of guy! I ordered a pepperoni & sausage pizza. I previously had a margherita pizza. They are both tasty and fair priced! Not to mention, they're drive-thru!
4	The wine coolers! Oh, YUM. If Federal Pizza let you order the wine coolers via take-out, I would be in big trouble. Don't really like overly dark restaurants, so I've opted to order out, which can be tricky. Their pizza combinations and flavors are good, but the crust doesn't always hold up for take-out. It should be a bit crispier to accommodate for pizzas with heavier toppings like meats and sauces but since you won't have trouble holding back, just make sure to pick it up right when they tell you to so it won't sit overly long. If you're dining in, the crust probably isn't that big of an issue.I recommend the The Answer (with sausage, apples, fennel, candied... pecans, I think, gorgonzola, and spinach) and Sweet Potato (sweet potato - duh - ricotta and sage). Also check out the Chef's Whim. Have never tried it personally, but I heard the Casanova is also really good!
5	went again. this time with a smaller group of friends. pizza was just as yummy, service just as good if not better. love the people and vibe at this place. And the music isn't bad either :)
3	Tried Federal Pizza for the first time tonight. Atmosphere is nice, though the restaurant is so dark, its very hard to read the menu. Service was good and food was brought out in a reasonable amount of time. We ordered a pepperoni and mushroom pizza. While my wife enjoyed it, I found it to be way too salty. The pepperoni and the pizza sauce were both too salty for my taste. My wife enjoyed one of their signature 'wine coolers' and the prices on everything was just okay. Overall, they have the location, the atmosphere and the employees - now all they need to do is put the same amount of effort in the food. Incidentally, when the waiter asked if we wanted Parmesan cheese with the pizza, we expected him to come back with a shaker. Instead he has a cheese grater and cheese and starts grating it over the whole pizza. (My wife wanted parmeson, not me). So that was an unexpected and unnecessary surprise. Best to leave the Parmesan with the customer in case they want more later and can put on as much as they want. This makes more sense with a pasta dish...
4	This place is great!  I love their pizza selection - a lot of new and interesting combinations (one of my dining companions noted that their pizzas are too weird) but if you like that kind of thing, then this is your place!  I got the brussel sprout pizza that came with pancetta, and it was so good!  My only complaint is that the crust was a little too large and took up too much of the pizza.I also got the half TLC salad that had mixed greens and beets.  Yum, I love beets and always enjoy having them in a salad!I also appreciate that they take reservations for lunch.  Servers were very friendly and although the parking lot is small we had no trouble finding a space at lunch. All in all, a great experience!
5	Vegetarian Pizza pizza pizza pizzaDonut with chocolate dip x1000000The server was slow, but the food made up for. Haha.
5	I am a big fan of the wine coolers, beet salad, and mozzarella cheese sandwich. Yummy!
5	If you dine here, dine on the patio. The ambience is quaint and comfortable. The pizza is different, but in a good way. The brussel sprout pizza is the absolute shiz.
5	Amazing food quality! I am not eating grains or dairy for a little bit, so you'd think I would have suffered here, lol, but on the contrary! I found there was plenty of choices for me to choose from and what I ordered turned out to be DELICIOUS! To start I had a side of Veggies, which were Balsamic Braised Carrots & Broccolini. They were cooked and seasoned perfectly. The carrots were my favorite!! I would have eaten a few more orders of those had I been wearing elastic waist pants. I made a mental note ;) My main course was a TLC Salad. It was composed of arugula, spring greens, beets, pears, smoked almonds & fennel with a citrus shallot vinaigrette. I had them hold the pecorino & add chicken. This was one of the most scrumptious salads I've ever had! With every bite there was a different burst of yumminess! The beets (of which I'm a big fan of now) and pear really made this salad. The chicken was cooked perfectly and was not the least bit dry, which I'm always afraid of. I am glad that I added the extra protein because the salad size is not large, so I would have been starvin marvin within an hour without it. The service was excellent. There's lots of parking in the back. Both booths and tables are available and there was an outdoor seating area that faces Central. There's also a drive through, which is really uncommon for a non fast-food place, lol. & from what I hear, you can order kegs to go..... ask more about that if you're interested, because I didn't probe for details, I was too busy imagining someone receiving a keg through a car window :D
3	I have been here a couple of times. The service was great and the atmosphere is nice, casual and laid back.The pizza is alright. I've tried a couple different pizzas here. I didn't love the sauces they used and didn't love the crust texture or taste. However, I really enjoyed the food items that were not pizza here. Their sides, salads, and soups were tasty. I'm interested in trying their other menu items. I would come back here, but not for the pizza.
5	At last pizza is really good. Blueberry hibiscus wine cooler is awesome. Quick service.
5	I normally don't post reviews yet I inclined to because of the proximity.Italian food is a difficult food to get right and I'm happy to report that Federal Pizza gets their cuisine right.Firstly, their pizza is excellent, which is no easy feat. Most pizza joints flub their pizza pie at onset with the sauce, usually too sweet or too spicy. Federal finds a happy medium.During my visit, I had their Margherita pizza, a white pizza covered with tomato, basil and olive oil. It was delicious. It was here, in addition to the Federal Salad, I could tell the ingredients used were fresh. The sauce came from fresh tomatoes, as did the tomatoes on top and other toppings.All of this came at a reasonable price; I dined with two other people and the overall bill amounted to just over $60. That's great dining no matter how you shake it.
5	Federal Pizza is incredible. Out of five stars it deserves ten, all day long.Amazing food, spectacular service, beautiful ambiance. The pizza here made me completely redo my Phx pizza rankings. This place is just impossible to beat. The cherry on top is that they have call ahead AND drive thru service. You can get world class pizza and beer, without leaving your car. What a world we live in.Give Federal Pizza a shot, you and your taste-buds will be ecstatic that you did!
4	Got a Federal Pizza gift card for Christmas so needless to say I was eager to give this place a try.  This a pizzeria set in what used to be an old Federal bank just north of Central and Camelback.  Its one in a growing megaplex of hugely popular concept restaurants owned and operated by the group Upward Projects (purveyors of restaurants such as Windsor, Churn, Postino and Joyride Taco House).  Living in Downtown Phoenix, I'm something of a pizza connoisseur as there's great pizza everywhere.  So how does Federal stack up?I got their margherita pizza as that's usually a good measure of comparison.  It's simple, clean, and (when done right) hits the spot.  The tomato and olive oil are notes you definitely pick up with Federal's version, though the cheese and basil are far less pronounced than other places I've tried.  Tasty, but I've had better.  For dessert, I got an order of their Bombolini.  Essentially giant donut holes you dip in chocolate sauce.  Holy moly is there a lot of sugar on those!  I probably could've wind sprinted the 3 miles back to my apartment I had such a sugar high after eating those.  Huge portion too.  I also got a four kings cheese blend pizza to go for dinner.  Once again it was a tasty pizza, but I've had similar cheese combo pizzas at other joints that can stack up pretty well.The restaurant itself can be described as hipster or trendy chic, but its very family friendly.  The wait staff was extremely friendly and along with some fun overhead music ranging from classic rock to modern pop, the place has a very fun vibe about it.  Definitely has a modern urban neighborhood feel.  From the orange booths, to the seemingly endless bar, to the kitchen that looks right out into the restaurant, to the relaxed patio looking out towards Central Ave, this place has quintessential Upward Projects creativity written all over it.So to summarize, five stars for the staff and the atmosphere.  But I only give three stars for the food.  From my own experience, you can find better quality pizza and sides at places like Pomo, Cibo, Pizzeria Bianco, or even La Piazza Locale.  That said, I love what Upward Projects has done with this building and the Central/Camelback corridor as a whole.  It's great to see historic structures preserved and repurposed for something new and innovative.  Can't wait to see what they come up with next!
4	Sat at the bar on a busy Monday night and ordered the balsamic vinegar roasted Carrots and Broccolini.  Good not wow!  Nicely roasted but rather simple which is nice too.  Didn't get much of the balsamic but still enjoyable.  Then the Meatball Pizza. Please keep in mind that I have been incredibly spoiled when it comes to pizza being from NY and having traveled throughout Italy.  Overall, very good and a premium product. Sauce could have a bit more Pop however the understated tomato sauce let the very delicious meatball and caramelized onion flavor sing!  Crust/dough, also very well done but not the best I have had either.  Overall, very enjoyable and great service from Josh at the bar!  Well done guys. Your Truly, The Official Pizza Snob: )
5	This review is *long* over due. I'm so sorry Federal Pizza, I really am! You feed me, You love me and then I abandon you.(Not really, because I come back with my hungry tummy all too often.)SERVICEThe folks that work are wonderful. I am remiss in providing names. Which is horrible. My first visit sold me on this place. The server went above and beyond (so I thought, but that just how they are here) to help a teenager select a drink (non-alcoholic!) that met his palate suitably. Every (and I sincerely mean that) visit since the level of service has been impeccable. I usually show up later than my table mates and join in the fray of conversation. Even though meals are mid-flight, and drinks have been poured, someone ALWAYS shows up for me. Like magic.THEY KNOW THEIR STUFFAs I haven't had much time to study the menu, I ask for suggestions for wine. With some guidance I have *never* been steered wrong with my choice. A sample is provided and I am happy. Just roll me over and leave me in my booth please. Maybe with a pillow and blanket.SHOUT OUTI did catch one name in my last visit. Rian.He's the shizzle.I arrived to find he had run over NEXT DOOR to pick up something sweet. Yes, a dessert for my teen friend. (High maintenance that one :) With complete familiarity of the wine menu he provided a wonderful selection for me. Rian totally understood the flexible timing required from our table, and respected it. A FAVORITE FOOD ITEMWhen I inquired about the Porchetta Sandwich Rian sighed. Come on kids. When someone is so happy about food - YOU GET IT! (Slow roasted Pork Loin + Pork Belly  + Arugula + Caramelized Onion + LEMON! on Homemade bread.)(Again, this Rian is the bomb.)I've been watching what I eat and trying to take portions home. Yeah, not THAT night. But honestly I've never met anything at Federal Pizza that disagreed with me. It's usually the portions that defeat me.If I lived any closer this could be dangerous.
2	Food is good, beer is great, service is horrible! Twice we have used the drive thru and each ti me it has been a hassle.  The drive thru server has acted like we are a inconvenience!  Forget refilling your growler via drive thru...too much drama. We love this resturants proprietors but have been severly diappointed with Federal!
4	Cool pizzas, all kinds of different blends. Shared a couple of pizzas with my friend and both were really good. Had the meatball pizza and "the answer", can recommend them both.
5	Satisfaction Guaranteed! I was feeling Italian tonight so i insisted to go here. We sat at the kitchen bar because there was a 30min wait, of coarse dinner rush.. I've tried the margherita before so that's what I ordered and my boyfriend ordered meatball spaghetti. As expected, the pizza was good. I love how the tomatoes are cooked, blackened a little bit by the fired-brick oven. Our pasta came, so i tried it first. I don't know if it's undercooked but it was kinda hard, which I didn't mind. My boyfriend tried it and he also agreed. So we just kept eating our pizza, since we ate at the kitchen bar, the pizza chef asked us how our pizza was? We replied good! But i told him about the pasta was hard. So he told the other chef who made it. The chef then came to us and asked us if he can make a new one. I'm glad that they went above our expectations and did something about it, without us asking to prepare a new one. They also didn't charge me for the meatball spaghetti. We will definitely come back to try the answer (pizza) which was recommended by the pizza chef.
4	Final dinner with my roommate and my best friend to cap off her New Year's visit.  And what a good choice!For starters - how can I not adore the concept of picking up amazing food and a bottle of wine or growler or beer from a drive-thru if so desired? Admittedly super lazy, sometimes I want good food, but don't want to give up the comfort of my slippers to get it. Federal is the perfect solution!The roommate and I shared the corn coin appetizer - not bad at all, but I think it would have been amazing if prepared more elote style. Next time I'll get the beets or sprouts instead.We also decided to split one of the pizzas. With MJ Bread responsible for the dough and Schreiner's doing the sausage, no big surprise that it was a hit! (And doing fresh grated parm from the big block directly onto the pie was a nice touch that makes a big difference to this girl!)Also ordered was the roasted veggie board - with sprouts instead of potatoes. It was big and beautiful and super tasty! I suggest this for any celiac, vegetarian, vegan or anyone who likes amazing veggies and every combination thereof! HUGE winner in this dish!As DD, I was sticking with iced tea - but look forward to exploring some of the beers and checking out a couple of their wine coolers.  And getting that veggie board again!
5	Sat at the bar with my gf and we enjoyed everything that we ate. The service at the bar was attentive and friendly, the pizza was great as well as the ambience. Will defiently be back.
3	We had a reservation on a Sunday and they sat us right away which was nice since it was packed. It was open kitchen and we could see the brick oven cooking all the pizzas. I ordered a wine cooler since they are pretty popular as it was very strong and refreshing. We ordered a chop salad to split and it was one of the best chop salads we had! Wish it was larger since our split portion of the meatball was on the smaller side.  Pizza was good. Service could have been way better also.
4	Enjoyed a late afternoon lunch with my girlfriend here. She had already been and raved about it so I trusted her choice. All options looked great but we were in the mood for some prosciutto so we opted for the Casanova. I was a little iffy on the dates but they ended up complimenting the arugula very well. Great afternoon meal out on their patio and great experience. We'll be going back again soon.
4	HOORAY for Federal Pizza, and their awesome wine/beer/pizza drive-thru!My Hubby and I have been here multiple times, with friends, family and by ourselves -every time we've visited, we've been happy with the service, speed and of course, the  pizza. Now if you're looking for the best-of-the-best, real Italian, Napoli style pizza - this isn't it. Their pizzas are 'different' - they take your average pizza, and put a fun, different spin on it (ex. Brussel Sprouts with Pancetta and Manchego cheese!). The only thing that I don't absolutely love, it their pizza crust - it just isn't everything I think it could be. It lacks that rustic, toasty, bubbly, crust. But hey, overall, their pizzas are still VERY very yummy. For this, I give them 4 stars.Appetizers you MUST try:1) Burrata - Wow is their burrata yummy! It makes my mouth water just thinking about it. They make tthe cheese in-house, so it's super fresh and gooey. They drizzle it with good quality olive oil, sprinkle it with fresh sea salt, and serve it with crispy crostini.Best Salad: TLCPizzas you MUST try:1) Sweet Potato2) Casanova3) Brussel Sprout 4) Big StarBest Desert : Bombolini!
5	Hands down best pizza I've ever eaten! Placed an order for the drive thru (which is an awesome feature!) and they forgot my desert but made me one at no charge for the error. Fantastic customer service. I live kinda far so it wasn't warm when I got home but still so amazing, I bet hot it's even better if that's possible! I got half Casanova and half sweet potato with prosciutto added mmmmmmm mmmmm I ate the whole thing surprisingly lol I also got the bombolini for desert since the guy said the ice cream for the cobbler would probably be melted by the time I got home ... It was ok, definitely trying another desert next time. This is my new favorite pizza place.... The boyfriend n I will be headed here on our next date night :)
5	FANTASTIC! The pizza is always amazing as well as the salads! We always love getting the chefs special when we go! YUMMY!
5	My wife and I were checking out places to hold our son's wedding rehearsal dinner when we decided to stop in and check out the place. Ok I sat in the car while my wife went in. Federal was on our list but we crossed it off before we drove up from Tucson. My wife came out to the car and she was really impressed with the staff and also Annie the manager. We decided to try the food (Margherita Pizza and Pumpkin Ravioli). Guess where the rehearsal dinner is at? Pizza and ravioli were excellent also the strawberry and rhubarb cooler. The staff stopped by multiple times to see how were doing and if we needed anything. Great place!!!
5	Unique and delicious pizzas.  This is our go to place for Pizza.  We love the Casanova pizza.  It leaves you satisfied and feeling good about what you just ate.  We also enjoy the TLC salad.  The golden beats in it are awesome.  The staff is always very friendly.  The owner must treat there employees well because the staff always seems happy!!  The sweet potato pizza is also really good and our two year old loves the spaghetti on the kids menu.
5	Last weekend I went to dinner here with a friend and his two boys. We had pizzas, meatballs and the chopped salad along with their local brews. We had the best service. Everyone was so attentive, the boys who are pretty picky eaters, ate all their four cheese pizzas. We ordered a combo pizza and when it was served to us, we were told that they would be bringing us another one because one piece was not touching the end of the pizza pan, we said we didn't think that would affect the taste of the pizza. Didn't matter we got another pizza on the house. Lemonade and water glasses were constantly filled without asking, beer always came out with clean glasses, and dirty dishes were not never left on the table more than a minute or two, can't get any better than that. Our dinner with tip for 4 people was over $100 (we laughed and said who goes out for pizza and beers for $100 bucks), this time it was money well spent! We even played charades at the dinner table for about an hour after we finished eating, the restaurant was busy and there were people waiting for tables and not once did anyone ask us "to give up" the table. Great job to all the staff who waited on us last Saturday 1/18/2014 afternoon. We will definitely be back. Thank you, Thank you, Thank You
4	Yummy is all I can say and the wine beverages are to die for!  Great happy hour and wonderful service too!  Don't miss this place or you will loose out on some really good food.
5	This is hands down my favorite new pizza place!  The food was awesome and the customer service even better!  Such a great experience, we're going back in a few weeks for my birthday!
4	Very good pizza crust- light and chewy.  I do not think you can go wrong with any of the pizzas.  Some favorites: Casanova, manifesto, margherita.  Also, the meatball trio appetizer with crispy polenta is a must have.  Tasty meatballs combined with some crispy on the outside, creamy on the inside polenta.  Prices are decent.  The wine coolers are interesting though, at $8, are a bit overpriced.  Cute mini booths seating inside and a decent outdoor seating area.  I am a fan of Upward Projects and they have not disappointed me yet.
5	Great vibe and decor the pizza was great so was the pumpkin ravioli.  The wine and beer selection was more than adequate. The service was great very attentive and friendly. I would highly recommend a visit you will be glad you did
5	Great service! Great Food! Fabulous ambiance! Fabulous attentive staff; Not pretentious at all. These UPWARD PROJECTS Group are smart, innovative and awesome. Wish them much success. Can't wait to try their new venture, Joy Ride Taco right next door.
5	I've always loved pizza. It's probably the one food item I could eat everyday. Since I finally had the opportunity to try the famous pizza place in Phoenix (which I didn't care for at all), I've wanted to explore other local pizzerias to determine who really had the best pizza in the Valley. I had found Federal through a Yelp search and I've been wanting to try it for a while.I finally went last week. We were seated on their outdoor patio right away. We went on a Sunday around 3 and they were having a happy hour. However, neither of us got drinks. I think we had about 3 different people ask us if we wanted drinks, I guess they were just being thorough. I've also been on an artichoke kick lately so we got the Big Artichoke. It was definitely big and very good. The truffle oil wasn't too pungent or strong. The seasoning was great and it wasn't too buttery or oily as some places prepare it. Just as we were about to finish, our pizza came.We got the Margherita pizza with fresh parmesan on top. The fresh parmesan was so good and not like anything else I've had before. The pizza was also delicious. The cheese was great and had that slightly crispy burnt cheese taste where the cheese met the crust. The crust was also crispy and really good. My boyfriend and I both agreed that this was the best pizza we've had so far in AZ. However, we do have another place I want to check out before I can officially crown Federal as my favorite. Until then, Federal is definitely somewhere we'll have to go back to. We also walked to Churn which is right across the street for some dessert which was a perfect way to end a perfect meal.
3	I love the idea and I understand the whole ambiance. I just want to first off say the service was outstanding and basically the word of mouth based on the place being packed has got around in the Phoenix area on Federal Pizza. I went in with my girlfriend the other night and we split an artichoke, salad and one pizza with two waters for a total of 40 dollars. I gave the valet guy 5 bucks and I tipped the waitress 10. After walking out $55 dollars I can't say it was worth it. Don't get me wrong the food was delicious and I don't really like giving bad reviews but it seems a little out of my price range.
3	Was looking forward to checking out Federal Pizza. Atmosphere was great, service was okay, food was not what I expected. We ordered four pizzas for a large party of eight people, three quarters of the pizzas ordered were very undercooked in the middle, which made them doughy and soggy. I then asked the server about how our pizzas were, she said this is because they are woodfired. She then told me I would have to order my pizzas well Done, most woodfired pizza kitchens make sure the pizzas are cooked all the way, regardless of the woodfired method. On the service side, after we ate appetizers and the pizza was delivered, I had to ask for fresh plates and silverware so we could eat our pizza. The server should be looking for things like that, attention to detail. After all that is why we go out to eat for the experience of great food and service. When I go out and treat several people to a meal, I expect to have great service, when I am spending a couple hundred dollars are just a few dollars in your restaurant. At this point I am debating whether or not to give Federal Pizza a second chance.
5	Wow, five stars... This seems a bit extreme... However, this place was simply terrific!  We were here with 2 other friends, (4 of us) we got 3 dishes and shared them all together... Delicious!  Pizza, sandwiches and pumpkin ravioli...  It was all good!!! The service is outstanding, atmosphere is marvelous... Dining outside is a must...  Especially with our great evening Phoenix weather in late February.... Plus they have several heaters available... Just in case.  Afterwards we went across the street for ice cream at Churns...  (Another must do!). FEDERALPIZZA is a for sure recommend!!
5	Federal pizza had become our favorite pizza place of all time. The Casanova is a unique and surprising blend of flavors, it tempts us every time! And, with their Monday/Tuesday specials and the super convenient drive-thru...you can't beat it!!
2	Brussel sprouts and sweet potato on my pizza? OK, Enough is enough. The crust is so-so and while I really wanted to like this place, it didn't rock me. We had the meatball pizza and it was OK. I would love to see a real NY or Chicago pizza restaurant in this town. The Wedge salad was good but I do not like dates with my blue cheese dressing thank-you. Service was good and my friends liked the beer, large and varied selection. On to another pizza place.
4	Another Upward Project gem (Postino, Windsor)... This time they take on pizza! And as usual, they know how to tantalize the taste buds. My husband and I sat right up at the counter overlooking the kitchen & wood-fire oven. It was busy & lively. I had a mushroom & green pepper pizza which was good, but I think I will go for one of their pizza creations next time. They look interesting & possibly delicious. I was really impressed with their "Great Little Salad" for $4... It wasn't your usual iceberg, carrot & ranch dressing side salad. It truly was a great & a cheap addition to my pizza! I cannot wait to order a pizza for pick up & pick it up via their drive-thru. How cool huh? Every parent's dream!!! ;-)
4	A nice selection of beer.  Try the wine coolers. We had the Meatballs and Polenta, Grilled Veggie Platter and Big Star Pizza.  Top notch all the way around.  We need more places like this in North PHX.
5	We visited here from out of town. Phoenix, like Minneapolis, has a ton of pizza options. Our local friend recommended Federal to us tonight. It was a great recommendation. We enjoyed the Mon and Tue special of a pizza and bottle of wine for $20. We also ordered the TLC salad, beets and pears really go well together for a salad, and we ordered the Polenta Sticks with romesco sauce. Romesco is one of my latest obsessions and this was as good as my partner makes his so nice to have something homemade feeling out of town. We had the Manifesto pizza with sausage, goat cheese and fennel. Delicious combo of flavors with a crispy on the outside and chewy crust. This would give Black Sheep pizza a run for competition back in Minneapolis. The vibe was hip, casual but not pretentious. We had great service. The place was busy on a Monday night so that was a good sign.
5	Went with my roommate for the Monday/Tuesday special, which is a pizza and two mini pitchers of beer for $20. Even at normal pricing this would have been a great deal. The food came out fast and was delicious, the service was terrific, and they have a good selection of craft beers on tap. Excellent experience, I give it 5 stars with nothing negative to say. We will be back!
5	Amazing pizza place with lots of tasty extras.  Excellent happy hour price for pitchers of good beer ($5).  For pork belly lovers, try the porchetta sandwich.  The beets w/pear side dish is fantastic.  Awesome brussel sprouts with pancetta.  Regarding their pizzas, we almost always get the Casanova, the sweet potato/sage/ricotta and The Answer.  We visit here every 2-3 weeks and have never had a bad experience.
5	No need to add to the raves about the food, but I wanted to speak up about the great service we got last night at Federal. It was a Friday night and we had reservations for 5 people at 7pm. We only had one of our party there by 7, and they seated him without giving him any pushback about needing the whole party there. Three more of us arrived by 7:30,and the last person was there by 8. Not once did anyone give us trouble about monopolozing a table, and they even let the last person order her pizza when she arrived. The dinner was a going-away celebration for a very good friend who has had a very rough time lately, and it was a much-needed send-off for all of us. Thanks, FP, for recognizing that we are going to spend money at your establishment even if we're a little late. Sometimes planes don't arrive on time, trucks don't get packed as quickly as we intend, and emotions run high when you're picking up your life and moving across the country. Thanks for helping us relax at the end of a hard day.
4	The service is great. We came in a few minutes after the kitchen closed and they stayed open for us. A great way to treat some out of towners! If I'm ever in the Phoenix area again, I will definitely be coming back. Food is good.
5	The pizza dough is made by scratch and is local, thanks to MJ Bakery. It has the perfect crunch/doughy ratio and is light yet flavorful. The Meatball pizza is delicious and definitely one that I can't seem to stop ordering. The meatballs are sliced thinly and are reminiscent of meatloaf -- rich, hearty and well seasoned. I personally like to add ricotta, just my thing. Though beware, it tends to make the crust slightly soggy (I don't mind).If you're in the mood to make a mess, order the grilled artichoke, I swear it's worth the price.So happy that I can walk here from my house.The servers are super friendly and not too pretentiously hipster.I do with they served cocktails...
4	Federal Pizza is in a fantastic location, right next to Joyride (good Mexican) and Postino's wine bar, on Central just south of Camelback. Had the CASTELVETRANO OLIVES as appetizer to share and they were crisp and flavorful. For main course, the sweet potato pizza is definitely unique and tasty if you like sweet potato. If not, I've also had the At Last pizza and was not disappointed. What makes a good pizza in my opinion is the crust, and the crust has the oven fired taste. It's somewhat crispy, thin, and has an authentic Italian taste. Honestly, at Federal you are mainly there for the trendy environment and experience. Sit outside on the patio and enjoy some wine. Great location.
4	I have been here at least 6 times now.Yes, I am a fan. But, I add a caveat, I am not a all out big fan.  Yes, I will take visitors to town here, but i myself would prefer to head to Pizzaria Pomo or La Piazza Locale downtown for more authentic Napolitano pizza.  I guess the loud noise, the pretentious atmosphere and staff (are tatoos a requirement for employment here?) and the a bit too exoctic pizza don't do it for me anymore.  On the plus side, It is a nice place to take first timers.  It is kind of a destination type of restaurant worth the short supply of parking, noise and location.We enjoyed our appetizers of Burata and crustinis, grilled veggie board and the olives.  Two times I have ordered the meatballs with polenta and been disappointed both times, nothing too interesting in that dish.So as you can see I am torn.  Interesting but not the best in town.  Extra plus note - last night they gave us the wrong pizza (it was missing onions), we had not even noticed.  They realized their mistake and brought out the correct pizza and did not charge us for it, we took it home, I had some for breakfast today and it was pretty good cold.
5	This is 100% the best pizza I've ever had in my life.  I never eat pizza crust, usually I leave a little pizza crust mound on my plate whenever I eat.  But their crust is super warm, perfect amount of sink-your-teeth in softness with audible crunch.  I dont leave a crumb when I'm finished.  The mozzarella and tomato sauce taste soooo fresh.  I loved the Manifesto pizza  with sausage mushrooms, onions, peppers, and goat cheese.  And the plain old pepperoni is incredible (which I'm usually not a fan of anywhere else).  The music in the restaurant is awesome and it's fun to people watch in the large open area.  The wine selection is good, but no full bar.  We were wanting manhattans but alas were not successful.  The Caesar salad was just ok, I should have ordered one of the many other creative salads.  Since going for the first time last week, I've already ordered Pick up TWICE and got it in their pizza drive thru.  I live in Arcadia and didn't mind driving all the way to central because, gosh darn it, that pizza is WORTH IT!  I gained 3lbs this week.  Oopsie, I think I know why, but ya know what, I'd do it again!  And again! And again!!
5	YUM!  Things I love about Federal Pizza: Casanova pizza, Wedge salad, using the drive thru to pick up a pizza AND a bottle of wine (that is 1/2 price when bought at drive-thru), Tuesdays pizza and bottle for $20.  Things I don't love: I can't eat pizza every day.
5	I am going to have to join the mainstream on this one and give this place a TOP 5 Rating.  The pizza here is sooooooo gooooood.  The staff is amazing, good specials to choose from, and great location with fairly easy parking (sitting inside is cool, but I suggest getting a patio seat when the weather is rocking).  This is a great place to ride your bike too as well.  Didn't love the meatball appetizer and would not recommend that, but everything else was top notch.  Good enough to earn my highest rating.Go there, get the pepperoni pizza straight up and tell them Attorney Steve sent you.have fun and FIND YOUR SIZZLE.Attorney Steve, the Business and Real Estate Lawyer.http://www.AttorneySteve.net
5	Pizza has definitely improved. We eat here fairly frequently and always bring out of towners.  My parents come from the midwest every winter and stay with us for 1-2 months, and it is a MUST have for my dad...he absolutely loves (and claims to dream about!) their iced tea.  So imagine his excitement, when after telling our waitress how much he loves it, that she pulls him up a growler of the stuff AND sends home a package of the loose leaf so he can brew his own back home.  He literally hugged the waitress and the manager, he was so happy.THAT, is customer service.The Manifesto pizza, the sweet potato pizza, and especially the Answer pizza...to die for. And ALWAYS order the meatball appetizer, even if it is just to eat the fried polenta!Thank you, FP, for making my dad's experience unforgettable.
5	First things first....AMAZING SERVICE. Team style....and right on! Everyone was so friendly and informative. My drink was constantly refilled, and that's big for me. Now...food....AMAZING!!! Best margarita pizza I have ever had. It tastes so fresh. The donuts were so good. Great deal on Monday and Tuesday. $20 for pizza and bottle of wine or two pitchers of draft. If you don't finish the wine...they cork it and send it home with you! Will be back for sure.
4	It's adorable, it's tasty and they have great deals!  Love this place!FOOD:The pizza crust is lovely!  Ask for some olive oil on the side if you're into dipping.  After several visits with a vegan friend,  I can personally assure you that the At Last and the Sweet Potato taste great vegan-ized.  They pile the veggies on more generously to make up for the missing cheese, which is really nice.  The At Last tastes wonderful with the cheese, as well!  Last night we also tried the tender, tasty Pumpkin Ravioli (without the pancetta, which might make it even better).  It had a lovely, creamy flavor and delicious chunks of  weird veggies (like turnips and rutabaga) on top.  It wasn't too big to finish all by myself.ATMOSPHERE:The decor is 50s and a little swanky, but the atmosphere is perfectly casual.  There's a TV over the bar so you can catch the D-Backs score, plus cozy booths and a real candle on the table for romance.  The service is top notch - genuinely nice people from hostess to server to the nice lady who kept filling my water.  DEAL:Monday and Tuesday nights, you can get a bottle of wine (or two pitchers of beer) and a pizza for $20.  They'll even cork the wine so you can take it home if you don't polish it off.  I think the pizzas are supposed to be 12 inches but seem bigger to me.Looking forward to our next meet-up there!
4	This is a good joint.  Very outgoing, the staff really does seem to care about getting things right.The first time was average enough that I waited a good 60 days before trying it again.  Good pizza, small pizza's, excellent ingredients, wonderful soups, by the way.
5	Awesome.  I know it is strange to say but this pizza joint had the best cauliflower I have ever had.  Great service and excellent food
5	I was in town business and just left a Diamondbacks opening day game on March 31st. I was wanting pizza and yelped around for some places that was open. I found this place and was amazed with the good reviews. In addition this place was one of a few that was still open. Glad we picked this place. Staff welcomed us and sat us down. I ordered a pepperoni pizza. The pizza is one of the best I had. It had a unique flavor and it is wood fried. The crust is very crunchy and the tomato sauce is very good!!! The restaurant was very cozy with a lounge like atmosphere. They have a full bar with plenty of TVs. Next time I will come enjoy pizza and drink a few beers. Really cool place!! I recommend Federal Pizza to anyone looking for delicious pizza!!
2	If I were reviewing Federal Pizza for the food only, I'd bring my review up to a 4 star.  That being said, we had a weird experience here last weekend.We arrived around 6:30 after being told this was a good time to arrive (no reservations for parties under 8 people).  We had just under this amount and were told it would likely be short wait.  Well, after a 30+ minute drive, we were told we had a 2 hour wait.  After some smooth talking, it was shortened to 60 minutes and we agreed to stay.  Fast forward 90 minutes and we were still waiting for a table.  In general, it was a big deal, its to be expected in a pre-summer weekend. The next issue was the service.  I found the front staff and servers to be a bit pretentious.  This is a big pet peeve of mine.  No one deserves to be talked down to.  Our waiter was nice in general, but was very inattentive.  Several parts of our order were messed up or not even brought to our tables.  When we asked about this, they acted annoyed.  The food was good - we ordered 2 veggie pizzas and 2 meat pizzas.  As a vegetarian, I only tried the veggie pizzas, but they were legit.  The appetizers & drinks were ok.  Again, things were forgotten so I can't give a whole review.If you're close by & want pizza, perhaps give it a try.  If its the weekend, you're better of trying somewhere else.  The Phoenix area has so many great pizza places that I don't recommend wasting your time at a place that is more pretentious than it is delicious.
2	Only tried this place out because we had a coupon for a free pizza.HONESTLY, I'm all for trying new things out but this place has some weird combinations for pizza...We got half margherita and half casanova...Margherita was good, casanova was weird.  Probably because I dont like prosciutto that much but still.  I felt like there were some weird combinations that would not taste well. We also got polenta.  I was not sure what I was eating but it was actually pretty good.  I guess it's like cornmeal or something... maybe deep fried and some cheese shredded on top.  It was good.
5	Really great food and beer. Any place with hoegarden is fine by me but the grilled veggie starter was delightful.
3	We visited on a Friday for lunch. We were seated right away. I ordered the "Double Down" lunch deal, where I got to choose half a pizza and a half-salad or soup. I ordered the half Casanova and chicken panzanella salad, and an apple spice wine cooler. The drink was delicious, like a really fresh apple cider. I liked the dough of the pizza--good, chewy, with bubbles in the crust, but I have had better. I enjoyed the sweet combination of toppings, and the softness of the hot ricotta was divine. The salad was good but had only two chunks of fresh mozzarella (mind you, those were tasty chunks). My husband had a full meatball pizza, which he liked but didn't think it was the best around. I tried a slice, and I agreed--it wasn't bad by any means, but it didn't have a zing to it, either. He had two Epicenter beers.The service was an issue, too. Our server was MIA most of the time. All the other servers would pass by, see us looking around, and tend to us. Our server would then show up and see everything was taken care of and go to the opposite side of the dining room again. We were grateful that the rest of the staff was attentive!We don't go to downtown Phoenix very often and there are a lot of choices there. While we liked Federal Pizza, I doubt we'll make a return visit.
4	Love this place! Always great music & ppl. The pizzas are really good. Haven't had anything that was not good. They have great lunch specials too.
5	We come here for the food, service, and ambiance!  Another Upward Projects success turning the old Al Beadle building into a cool pizza place.  The pizzas are great and the classic Postino special for $5 pitchers and glasses of wine is in full effect before 5pm!
5	This is my 3rd time ordering pizza from Federal Pizza and all 3 times have been amazing!   Best pizza in town.  And I love the drive thru. Most places are closed on Easter, but I was so glad they were open today.  Lucky me. :)
5	We came here after having the worst service at Fez and leaving prematurely. Federal Pizza was awesome. Service was great and my wife and I shared a meatball pizza with ricotta cheese. It was EXCELLENT. Definitely coming back with friends.
5	Live love love the polenta sticks. Pizza is also great. The staff is some of the nicest I seen.
5	I really enjoyed my experience here, even more so than Windsor.  Fresh ingredients, yummy pizza, love their crust, and good variety of drinks.  They even have a drive through!  Similar to Postinos, they have Monday and Tuesday night specials where you can get a whole pizza and a bottle of wine or 2 pitchers of beer for $20.
4	We've been going to Federal since it opened. Love all the salads, the cobbler is great but have the ice cream on the side as it turns to cream immediately due to the cobbler temp. We usually have the 4 Kings pizza- consistently good. Give it a try, you'll like it...
5	I love this place. The staff is very friendly, knowledgable in wines and beers, and always recommend the yummiest dishes and pizzas. Great stop for a date or just a low key evening with friends. Monday and Tuesdays they do $20 bottle of wine and pizza. Such a good deal.
2	Very average pizza....not impressed at all.
5	Mind.blown! This place was beyond amazing! Everyone told me how great the food was here, and believe me it was amazing. The crust was perfect on the pizza! We ordered a pepperoni and a margherita pizza and both were so good!! The ice tea was even good! I also have to say the staff here is fun and friendly and it seemed like everyone helped out, we had multiple ppl come to refill our drinks, we were never left empty! And then I mean how could we could go wrong with donuts and chocolate sauce for dessert!! I can't wait to go here again! We have a lot of GREAT pizza places in Phoenix but this one is my new favorite!!
4	I've been driving past this place whenever I'm in town as my parent's are only 3 miles N of here.  Tonight we were looking for a late dinner and found out at 9:30 that our first choice closed at 10:00, so we turned back to Federal.Well worth the trip.First and very important: they're dog-friendly.  You can take your pooch on the porch.  Second, the entrance is on the west side of the building.  Third, wood-fired pizza oven.  Fourth, good pizza.  We ordered two: a sweet potato and a pepperoni, and my wife and I were quite happy.  We didn't get dessert as I made a chocolate mousse pie Friday morning.We shall return, well worth it, reasonably priced, and open late!  And they have excellent specials Monday and Tuesday nights if you like beer or wine with your pizzas.
5	One of the best dinning and takeout options in uptown. Federal Pizza has a beautiful interior and patio. Unsurprisingly the menu is mostly pizza but they also offer some variety in the form of pastas, sandwiches and salads. Dining in is a great experience and the take out is quick and just as delicious. I prefer dining in because they have a great happy hour special. The Big Star pizza is a must try for anyone who looking for something completely unique. It is my favorite menu item complete with all the veggies and meats one could ask for. Perfection! I have also had the Manifesto and Casanova. Both of which were also very good. As far as appetizers the green olives and the avocado are also great choices.
3	I really don't see what the excitement is all about. I have now given them two chances and was not impressed either time. The service has always been great, as well as the atmosphere, but I am not impressed with the food. My first time I ordered the chef's special pizza so I took that into consideration since it was a little more quirky than I prefer but this last time I went basic and was still not impressed. The pepperoni was WAY too salty and completely ruined my pizza. And this is coming from someone who puts salt on everything. Also, the crust is completely flavorless, I think actual air might taste better. Add the veggies and polenta sticks to your Salty McSalty meal and an IV might be required in order to restore your hydration. Sorry Federal, I really want to love you and your 'walking distance from my home' but we are certainly not friends yet. I have heard the sausage pizza is really good so maybe I will give it another shot but I am pretty sure the crust isn't changing :(
4	Recently came here for dinner because I received an email from upward projects for a free pizza from Federal Pizza. Upward projects generally has cool concept restaurants with good food so we decided to try it out.  The restaurant is located across from Windsor, another upward project restaurant, and like all of them, it has a cool, hip vibe with a cute little patio. As for the food, we tried the "big star" pizza & the "tlc" salad. I gotta say...food was great! The big star pizza is a wood fired pizza with a yummy combo of toppings...sausage, pepperoni, bell peppers, onions, mushrooms & olives...I can see why they call it the " big star". And the salad was a nice refreshing blend of arugula, spring greens, beets, pears, almonds, fennel and cheese all tossed in a light citrus shallot vinaigrette...yum! So if you've been to the other upward project restaurants & like them, this will be another one you will like too :)
5	I have heard about this place for a while and it comes up all the time (on yelp) when I visit my friend in downtown Phoenix.  I have wanted to try this place, but I never wins over all the other places to eat.  Well that changed this time.  My friend wanted to meet for lunch here and I have to say I was impressed, though it has a hipster vibe.  Lets start off by talking about the parking.  It shares a parking lot with Joy Ride Tacos; so if you don't get there early enough, you will be doing the "complimentary" valet parking.  But I don't grade on parking, so on to the food...We ordered two appetizers.  When looking at the menu, we ordered the first one, called the three meatballs and the last one, I dont know that one's name.  The last one is five - six pieces of oven toasted bread and this "ice cream" sized scoop of some kind of cheese.  Make sure to use both the mint leaves and the cheese when you eat the bread. That will a huge difference.  Next we got the three meatballs.  The meatballs themselves are not anything special. But it comes with two fried pieces of polenta and toghter.  That becomes a very "tasty meatball."On to the entrees.  We got two pizzas a sweet potato one and the big star.  The big star was very yummy. It has sausage, green and balck olives, bell peppers. On top of their pizza sauce.  This would have been enough and is was very yummy.  But my friend had to have his sweet potato pizza.  I was pretty concerned with this idea.  But I have an open mind so I tried it.  Best decision today.  It has slices of sweet potato and little bits of cheese (like goat cheese or something). The sweet potato add just enough sweetness and the cheese does not over power the delicious flavors of the pizza dough and sweet potato.  I recommend this pizza, as long as you like sweet potatoes.Finally dessert. It was my friends birthday so he had a email offering him a free dessert.  We got the "bubbles;" which was basically doughnut holes with a chocolate dip.  Again this was also delicious.  The server suggested some kind of Oreo dessart, I'll have to try that next time. If you don't mind paying a little bit more for pizza, I highly recommend Federal Pizza.  But if you do mind spending a little extra for pizza, I feel sorry for you.  There are so many tasy pizza places that end up on the pricier side.
3	Underwhelming.  After reading reviews I was super excited to try this place, but it was just okay- mediocre if anything. I tried the manifesto and it was pretty bland. The sausage was good but there was only a couple pieces on the whole pie, same for the mushrooms. Normally I make my own pizza from scratch and grill it, but I had a craving and didn't feel like cooking. Maybe I just caught them on an off night, but I can't really recommend the place. The atmosphere and service was great - I walked inside to get my takeout pizza.  Not awful by any means, but not worth all the hype and $14.
1	Sounded yummy: too bad they have us waiting 8 minutes on the phone and then the call just ended. A world of unfulfilled promises!
5	I believe that a great experience is often times the occurrence of  many chance happenings. Federal Pizza is what I like to call urban hipster style! Everyone I seen was attractive lol looked like an urban outfitters catalog I loved it. The staff was pleasant mostly women, very knowledgable funny & have up great recommendations. I ate during happy hour & the beer/wine is only $5 dollars everyday! & served in ridiculous sized mugs. It was grand. The pizza was good too similar to that of LGO but slightly better. Let's not forget the atmosphere; valet parking amazing pandora or spotify radio stations. I heard my jams throughout my meal. A well spent afternoon.
5	This place is good every time. The atmosphere is fun, the service is excellent and the pizzas and salads are delicious.  They have a great beer selection and this restaurant is a great value. I recommend it!
4	The staff was super nice! My friend and I sat at the bar. We shared the TLC salad which was amazing! We shared a pizza recommended by the people sitting next to us. It was like a deluxe pizza and I forgot the nAme....delish!!! The staff made the 4 stars and I would have given 5 bug pizza was a but soggy. But we still loved it and ate it ! No left overs!!!
1	Mushrooms on the pizza was so burned.  It turned off my appetite. I mentioned to the waitress and all she said was " oh, really? " not even a sorry.That pizza ruined my last meal of vacation in Phoenix.
4	Been here twice second time pizza was a little soggy, great atmosphere, nice wait staff, great apps good wine.  Try it
5	I've been to Federal Pizza twice now. The first time was a great experience, I went with a group of 6 friends for dinner on a Saturday night. It was pretty busy, but we were seated reasonably quickly. We shared a few pizzas and pitchers and everyone had a great time. My second visit, a few weeks ago, is what made me want to write this review. This time it was just my boyfriend and myself for dinner on a week night. I ordered the veggie lasagna. It wasn't an unusual amount of time before our food came out, and everything looked and tasted spectacular. The manager came to our table to ask how everything was, and apologized for what he said was a long wait for our food. He told us that they make a point to get the food out within a specific time frame. The lasagna is a new menu item, and because it is thick, he said they were still working on getting it out within their goal time. He told us that he would take the lasagna off of our bill.We were so impressed that he went above and beyond to fix something that we didn't even think was a problem. The service and food are great, and the whole place looks amazing. We look forward to returning again and again.
5	I really just love this place...for take out.  We've dined in a few times, but the wait is usually very long (duh...because word is out that it is fantastic) so now we take out 90% of the time.  Our favorite collectively, is the Big Star pizza, my husbands favorite is the Pepperoni and mine is the At Last.  The flavor combination on At Last as a meatless pizza (and I'm a meat eater!) is so well thought out.  I feel like I'm a judge sampling a pizza on a cooking show or something.  Seriously.....try it.  And tonight, we got (our first here) dessert, the Lil Triple.  It was really good. The chocolate cream is more like just chocolate pudding.  But it was cute anyway. And the staff who takes and hands off our take out order are just the nicest and most attentive. We had Josh take care of our take out order tonight, and he was great. Just go...it's worth a bit of a wait.  Bring friends, have some drinks at the bar, the beer selection is great too! Brava!
5	Pizza is great.  $5 pitchers of Green Flash West Coast IPA before 5 pm???   DAYUM!!  that's a screamin deal!
5	My first time here! Ordered half Casanova (no prosciutto) and half At Last. They accidentally gave us half The Answer (they sound similar) and were awesome enough to bring out a free pizza to correct the error. I didn't care for the At Last, I don't like corn on pizza or in pasta and I had to add salt for flavor. My friend loves it, though. I loved the Casanova, goat cheese and dates are an amazing combo. The bombolini dessert was yummy as well. Great, attentive service! I hope to come back soon, loved their crust.
4	My best and I tried the Margherita pizza w/ the Mister Mister. -- Couldn't go wrong. I'm a fan!
5	Their menu has changed a bit since their opening, but their "At Last" pizza with subbed mushrooms instead of corn is the best thing I've ever had. Ever. I've tried their salads, almost every pizza, the burrata and it's all divine.
5	Had a take out pizza brought home to me and it was awesome cold and warmed!  Food was excellent!  Great price.  Impressive for pizza.  It is my new favorite place in Phoenix for pizza!
5	So they get an extra star from me for 1- they have ranch! 2- it was bomb.com! Most nice pizza places that you go to don't even have ranch, which I don't even know how that's possible if they have salads..I've been here twice now and have loved both times. We ordered the Manifesto which was delicious! It comes with mushrooms, sausage, goat cheese, red sauce and their fennel. I also ordered their Pinot Noir which was quite tasty. The customer service was also really good. Water cup was never empty and our waiter really knew his shizz on the menu. I wish there was one on my side of town! I'll be back soon. =)
3	It's good, but there's better out there. I would definitely choose this place over a chain pizza place though. It is pricey-happy hour drink specials are the way to go if you are boozing a little.  Join the email club to get a free pizza which will also help on the cost.  Good Friday night place to go with a group of friends.
4	The burrata is so good, but how can a huge glob of cheese not be. The pizza is incredible and they never skimp on toppings. Definitely has the hipster vibe. I take a star away for their hit or miss service. It seems like you never have one waiter/waitress at this place (like Joyride and the other Upward Projects places- all good btw) which makes it easy to get forgotten about.
5	Mondays and Tuesdays are super radical.  $20 for two pitchers of beer (or a bottle of wine) and a pizza.  Too good to pass up.
5	Some might call me a super-fan, but when Upward Projects does something, you can't help but love it. In the game of artisan pizza, Federal kneads out the competition. Having tried most pizzas from their menu, I've landed on the Manifesto as my normal order. I love the Manifesto, with exception of the mushrooms, so when I order it, I always sub for brussels sprouts instead, sometimes I'm feeling a little frisky and have them throw sweet potato on there too. Not only are they happy to make these changes for me, but the server usually says something like "That sounds delicious, I need to try it!"The manifesto, with goat cheese, red sauce, fennel, schriener's sausage, and brussels sprouts is delish. The toppings are always super fresh, the crust is a bit crispier than most other artisan pizza's from around town and the service is always excellent.$12 - $15 will buy you a pizza sized well enough for one hungry dude or in my case, large enough for two to share. Joining their email posse will usually score you a free pizza once or twice a year for things like your birthday or promotions they feel like running.Their vegetable side is neither here nor there in my opinion, likely because I don't love carrots, but the broccolini were delish. If you're a dessert fan (remember two deSSerts and one deSert, in case you can never remember how to spell dessert or desert for that matter) they generally always have a fruit cobbler of some sort. If it's mixed berry, you must order it, dessert fans everywhere insist. Oddly enough, I don't order dessert at many places, mostly because I'm generally looking out for my figure, but in this case, I wouldn't be eating pizza either, but when I am, I sometimes order dessert. Go all out right? ;-)Enough rambling and back to the part we're all waiting for... the end of this review.Always delish, always fresh, and no one has ever actually gotten fresh with me while dining here, not yet at least. Happy Yelping Phoenix!
4	I'm consistently grateful to have a selection of the Upwards family of restaurants within walking distance to my house.  We call on Federal Pizza frequently if we don't feel like driving more than a few minutes for a good pizza night.  As expected, the vibe and service are top notch.  While Cibo and The Parlor still top my pizza list, I truly have no bad things to say of Federal's menu.  Get the roasted veggie board for a healthy appetizer like you've never tried before.  If the weather plays nice, grab a table on the patio and a few of their homemade wine coolers to share (but be careful, some can be way too sweet).  Take a walk down toward Practical Art to burn off that pizza crust after dinner!
3	While I quite enjoy the pizza here, I fail to see what the uproar is about.  The margherita pizza is good, but I guess once you've had NY pizza, nothing else can compare (my apologies for sounding like a pizza snob).  The meatball pizza is delicious, but I would recommend to get it without onions if you're not a fan because they tend to overdo the onions here.  Overall, I'd go back, but it's not a must for me.
3	The service was good, and the atmosphere was ok but the pizza was kinda eh. I'm not a fancy ingredient kind of guy so it didn't appeal to me but if that's your thing you'll love it. Kind of a hipster joint lol so the beer list was good.
4	I met up with some friends here for lunch on a Saturday.  This was my first trip to any of the Upward Projects facilities since the new parking lot across the street.  Made the overall visit much nicer.  I was able to park at Federal, brunch at 10 at Windsor, lunch at 11 at Federal Pizza and dessert at Churn at 12:30 with different groups without having to move my car or deal with valet.I got to lunch at the tail end of the group as us stragglers came in the staff just kept rearranging tables. Service was great the whole time and the staff was fully prepared to answer questions and provide suggestions.  I had already decided on The Magnificent with a glass of 8th Street ale.  Both were very good.  So now I've been to everyplace but Postino and liked all of them.  I need to try the remaining one that was really the first of theirs in the neighborhood.
4	The pizza is always great!  I love the crust and the different options.  They are always accommodating for two adults and a child that can't eat cheese (we usually do a half of mine for the little guy dairy free with just pepperoni).  During the nice weather, it's great to be able to sit outside on the patio and people watch.
5	Federal Pizza is truly awesome.  I am a fan of the marguerita pizza, I like to keep it simple when it comes to pizza.  The tomatoes are so fresh, it really blew me away.  Everyone at the table loved their food.  I've been in three times and each time Federal Pizza blows me away.  The staff is supper friendly.  One more recommendation, the doughnuts are fresh, soft and fluffy.  Not to be missed.
5	The Margherita pizza was awesome enough for 2+ people. Great service, prices are good for the superb quality of food and had a nice patio. Busy place but worth the wait. Can't wait to go back! :D
4	I took my future wife here for a monday night date. They have the large pizza and a bottle of wine for $20.   The pizza was really delicious and fresh. The wine was called truth or consequences it was kinda of tasty. Its a great place to eat and visit.
5	This is my current favorite restaurant!  Every time I come the food is delicious!  I love their pizzas, but just recently tried the barrata.  (Not sure if I'm spelling that correctly, but it's an appetizer of mozzarella that is still a little creamy, sprinkled with sea salt, and you spread it on this delicious bread!  So yummy!!The service is hit or miss at times, but the food is what keeps me coming back!I don't love the restaurant decor as much because it just doesn't have that homey feeling that I love getting from places like pizzeria bianco or cibo.But the food.....yum!
4	From just being in NYC just last month the craving for pizza was just unreal and with such great reviews here on Yelp, I decided to take a drive and head to Federal Pizza. A corner shop with just enough parking with shade, a lovely space with warm, dark lacquered wood interior, booths and tables and a lovely bar that looked great against the windows. I had the pleasure of being served by Jared who told us about the Happy Hour deals, $5 for a pint, pitcher (beer), wine or coolers before 5 p.m. which it was. Started off with a pint of Hoegaarden and a Meatball pizza to share with my roommate. My roommate choose a Hefeweizen which they were out of and Jared gave us two pints, under the cost of one pitcher. Talk about great service.The pints here look mighty generous, I can't even imagine what their pitchers must be like. The Meatball Pizza is about 13 inches, very thin crusted pizza, with basil, meatballs, house mozzarella and a good red sauce. I love how they grate fresh parmesan for you at the table too. The pizza was very good, flavorful and tender meatball slices, gooey mozz and the crust was lighter than typical pizza crust so it was easy to eat. The only thing was that the center of the pizza was a bit soggy, but that's kind of expected with having such a thin crust and sauce + toppings on top of it. Other than that, it was a good pizza!Totally curbed my pizza craving. Good quality pizza, price is a bit up there but okay for a pizza to dine in and plus we had enough left to take home- because we all know pizza tastes the best the day after. For a pint of beer and half a pizza I paid around $12, great deal especially with the service. Everyone was nice and the food came out relatively quick, especially for pizza ... but then again the pizza ovens were also right next to us which was awesome.
4	We had meatball pizza , if you are fan of meatballs get it , Crust pretty good taste wood fire , taste good not better than Pomo but in my book order is  Pomo, Cibo, La Bocca, Federal Pizza (but probably need get traditional italian toppings )
3	I went here for dinner with friends last week and there were some definite ups and downs. We arrived around 7:20 on a Thursday evening and the place was packed. The owners own several restaurants in the area. They bought a lot across the street and made it into a parking lot but it was packed and there was limited street parking and they didn't have valet that night like they do on the weekends. The place was a little too loud for my liking, but I'm sensitive to loud places.My friend and I split a pepperoni pizza. It was good, but not so good that I would make an extra effort to go here over another  pizza joint. Other people in our group had pasta and they looked really good.
5	If your on central and do not visit this place, shame on you. Get the chefs whim.  Service may seem slow but it's only because they work so hard to handle everyone equally. Atmosphere is fabulous and the $5 pitchers until 5pm are not a bad deal either.  Come soon and come often.
1	Run and hide! Bad service! 10-15 minute wait turned into an hour. They saw I had a baby and no remorse.
5	This is one of my favorite spots in Phoenix! The food is awesome and the staff are always super quick and nice. The hostess usually over estimates how long your wait will be, which I think is a good thing. Last weekend I was told it would be 1 hour, but since someone takes your drink order while you wait, it was no problem. We ended up being sat right when we got our drinks - it couldn't have been more than 20 minutes or so. The burrata is a must. It pretty much melts in your mouth. What I like most about Federal is how easy they are about subbing and changing their pizzas. Obviously you can make your own, but if you want to sub out things on pre-designed pies, it's no big deal.I usually go for the manifesto and add an egg on top. If you're into eggs on things it's a must try here. One funny thing is that they don't have hard liquor - only wine and beer. However, they have a selection of house made wine coolers. Grapefruit ginger is perfect for summer.
1	Way too long to get in on a Friday night.. Two hour wait for 4 people. Hostess is clueless..several open tables spread apart.iL
5	Best pizza in Phoenix! The crust is incredible. I highly recommend the Casanova, but Add Apples and Sausage. To die for!!!!  Only downside is parking, it's a challenge but the Pizzas worth it. Trust me!!!!
5	Loved it! Went with a group of 8 and had a great time. Love the $20 for any pizza and either a bottle of wine or two pitchers of beer. You can even take the wine home if you don't finish it. Besides that, the food was delicious and the service was excellent. I'm a vegan and our server and the kitchen were very accommodating. I ordered a vegetable board, and when one of the servers (not even mine or the one I made the order to) saw that it wasn't vegan, she had them redo it and comped it from my bill. It was delicious. I also had a vegan pizza and it was excellent. Will be back!!
5	Because it's better than municipal pizza. Or school district pizza. No seriously this place is great!! New to Phoenix, I've come here 3 times for dinner. The first time was a weekend and we didn't have a reservation, waited maybe 10 min and we were seated. The other two times I made a reservation. "A reservation for pizza?!?" you say?? Yes, it's worth it. Their menu is creative, with pizza standards like pepperoni and sausage very nicely done with quality meats. Lots of other gourmet toppings available, and their wood fired thin crust is just the right mix of crispy and chewy. Don't miss the Brussels sprouts starter cooked perfectly with pancetta. Federal Pizza has a pretty good beer selection on tap, a great wine list. The restaurant is clean and it's clear the operator pays attention to details, from the tasteful but not-too-bright lighting to custom-logo bathroom tissue in the restroom, and always prompt and great service from the staff.
5	Came back again for another try of their pizza, this time with the Manifesto. Goat cheese, sausage, fennel and mushrooms - oh my! So yummy, baked well and the goat cheese gives it that slight, bright tartness to liven the pizza up. This time around, there was no beer to be ordered but I had a craving for a Strawberry Lemonade for the hot night ... unfortunately Jared said they don't do Strawberry Lemonade but they do fresh squeezed lemonade and actually recommended they could do a muddled Strawberry Rhubarb puree added to the lemonade since thats what they have at the bar. Absolutely perfect, tangy, refreshing and damn that was brilliant. I got to try the Strawberry Rhubarb wine cooler and woo, those these are strong and tasty.It's always a pleasuring dining in here and having Jared as our server! Can't wait to be back for Happy Hour.
5	Fantastic neighborhood eatery. Never had a bad experience at Federal- pizzas are best in Phoenix.  Great value and awesome specials; especially their Monday & Tuesday deal after 8pm. People and atmosphere are equally great.
4	Finally made it into this place.  We have tried to go here a handful of times but always bailed at the last minute thinking how many variations of California Pizza Kitchen do we really need in this city?  Wow was I wrong about this one, crazy good food here-the pizza exceeded expectations but what made it was the appetizers.  We had the F&A Veg Board which sounds pretty simple- a vegetable plate for all intents and purposes but it is really a mixture of preparations of a medley of both common and uncommon vegetables that really set the tone for the meal. The only thing that lost the 5th star was the service. We started out getting 2 servers, one getting our drink order with appetizer, and then a second one getting the pizza order which we thought was intentional. The pizza showed up before the appetizer so I'm pretty sure it was unintentional.  After the barrage of service, it kind of trailed off from there.  Regardless of that, the food is going to bring us back...great atmosphere.
5	So yummy....  Ate there again for lunch today.  Good service, great pizza and salad.  Great lunch deal.  Love the drive through for weekend nights.
5	I've heard a lot of great things about Federal Pizza and it kind of lived up to the hype.Our group ordered three different pies: Casanova, Brussel Sprouts, and Margherita. Both the Casanova and the Brussel Sprouts pizzas were fantastic and unlike any other pizza we'd ever tasted. The Margherita was good as well, but was a taste we all knew very well.I also love the modern/classy/artistic feel of the restaurant itself. The prices are reasonable and the staff were friendly enough.It was an overall good experience and we'll definitely be returning.
5	I will be honest, the first time I came I wasn't that impressed. Impurities in the beer, mediocre pizza ... Everyone has a bad night so I came back for more. This time around we got the pizzas we should have ordered the first time (second guessing screwed us over). I forget the names but one had meatballs and the other had peppers and some spice. VERY good. Pitchers of beer are very reasonable. The homemade wine coolers were especially good (grapefruit ginger).We'll definitely be back for more. My only disappointment was the lack of use of the TVs. Football was on and the TVs were off. Forcing us to be social?? Bah-humbug.
4	I liked the look of the place and I was recommended this place by multiple people so I decided to give it a shot. The service was great but the food was just ok but I did not get a pizza. They have $5 wine coolers before 5 and the blueberry hibiscus wine cooler was really good. The only annoying thing was that there were flies that would not leave our table alone. I definitely prefer Joyride over this place.
2	The pizza here is alright.  My friend and I shared The Answer, which was decent but nothing memorable.  My friend also ordered the Spaghetti & Meatballs which was okay.  The meatballs are just average.  However, I was pleasantly surprised by their wine coolers!  The grapefruit ginger wine cooler was delicious and I like how they make it themselves!
4	Came here last night for dinner around 6:00.   It was bustling but we were seated promptly.  We got service with water and drinks right away also.  Our server was very friendly and efficient, she gave us good feedback when we asked her about the menu items we were trying to decide between.  Our food came out quick but not overly quick to make us think we were being hustled out for some reason.  The food was delicious and plentiful.  Not enormous portions but just the right amount.  The only negative for me was  the restrooms were co-ed, co-mingled whatever you want to call it.  I don't care for that, when you have two rooms why not keep them separate?  The signs on the doors of the restrooms were cute and clever but I would prefer one gender bathrooms.
2	The food was excellent! The wine coolers could've used a little better explanation on which ones were sweeter. Service was terrible the waitress forgot to put our order in and then asked us if we ordered and once we told her it was with her she told us she forgot. No comp for anything. She said she was sorry but we sat there an extra 20 minutes for no reasons and it wasn't even that busy. She seemed more into socializing then remembering orders. If the food wasn't so good I would never go back. The pizza was incredible and the donuts were to die for.
5	Federal gets five stars for delivering top notch service and awesome craft beer! The food is always consistently delish! Only one recommendation..... Love the bambolinis.... Would love to see a half order of bambolinis on the menu! Love ya guys! Keep up the great work.
4	We ordered the grilled artichoke that had truffle oil on it as well as the Meatball pizza which were both spectacular! The grilled red onions added a nice sweet touch to the pizza.
4	Our waitress was WONDEFUL, the places seemed kinda snoody, we asked the hostess if there was happy hour and she was kind of rude, but everyone else was really welcoming, and my water glass never got empty. We had the white pizza and it was AMAZING!!!
2	This was my first time here. We were told it would be a 15 to 30 minute wait inside or outside. We opted to sit inside, then they came over and told us that the outside was open if we wanted to go. We decided after waiting to go, however when we got outside there was literally no one there! I got the pepperoni pizza with sausage. My tabel also ordered a Oktoberfest pitcher of beer and two cocktails. The waitress was very nice and polite. However our waitress stopped coming out when it came time to pay and we waited 30 minutes until we grabbed someone to get our tab. After that it was another 15 minutes before we had our card ran.All in all, a cool place but very disappointed to pay that much and get bad service.
5	Probably my favorite pizza place in the Valley, great service and great food! I've been here multiple times with different sized groups and never been disappointed.  The cassanova pizza here is the best, I would recommend it to anyone!
4	Awesome drinks, great food, and awesome atmosphere. Fun place to meet up with good friends and grab some sangria and share tapas or pizza. I have celiac and still found things I could eat.
4	Diverse appetizers with vegan and vegetarian dishes. Very accommodating and adapting to dietary needs.  Waitress friendly and helpful. Fennel could have been cooked a little longer. Music kind of fills in the gaps and is a little loud.  Eclectic range of music. We will be back.
5	We dined the other night and had the most amazing experience. Food to die for and total 5 star service. It felt like we had 4 servers. The cobbler was the bestI ever had and I am from the south. So glad it's close to our house. When you go to have conversation and a bite to eat and only end up eating, well that's what I am talking about. Mike and Cathy Tatmon. tatmon@icloud.com
4	A delicious and fun family dinner!  I had the artichoke...well, I tried to have the artichoke.  My dad and my daughter pretty much took it over and devoured it.  I had the beet salad, which I barely shared.  I had the polenta, which wasn't what I expected, but better!  Dad and kid had different pizzas, they loved them both and we have leftovers!  And then we did share the amazing fingerling potatoes.  YUM. Enjoyable, casual, and yummy!
5	Wow, five stars... This seems somewhat severe... Nevertheless, this location was effortlessly first rate!  We have been right here with 2 different pals, (four of us) we obtained three dishes and shared them all collectively... Delicious!  Pizza, sandwiches and pumpkin ravioli...  It was all good!!! The service is outstanding, atmosphere is awesome... Dining external is a have got to...  Certainly with our pleasant night Phoenix weather in late February.... Plus they have got a few heaters to be had... Just in case.  Afterwards we went throughout the road for ice cream at Churns...  (one more need to do!). FEDERAL PIZZA is a for definite recommend!!
4	I've been to this place several times now and the service and food is always amazing!  Parking in the area has a bit to be desired but there's many restaurants that I've been to where it is like that.  The atmosphere at night time is particularly great, candle lit and all of the bartenders have been amazing!  If you've never been here this place is one to put on your to do list!  I had a ravioli dish that was to die for, I'm pretty sure all of their pastas are made in house.  I like the trendy appeal this place has to offer!  Job well done Federal Pizza!
5	I've found my Cheers :)This place is everything you want your local neighborhood pizza joint to be!  Pizza cooked to perfection.  Just crusty, hot, finger-licking, may burn the roof of your mouth, no peppers needed, no ranch needed pizza.  This was out first time trying Federal Pizza and while driving home one night my boyfriend and I were starving and craving pizza, just stopped on by because it was a Wednesday night and a nice crowd outside.  Boy are we glad we stopped!  We started with the Mister Mister appetizer and a pitcher of a seasonal beer!  The Manifesto for dinner!  Total hits!Seriously, this is by far some of the best pizza I had in Phoenix!  Considering giving it a shot for lunch because it's 12:05 and I have a visual of the bartender/server slowly putting fresh, shredded Parmesan cheese on my pizza before devouring a slice :)
5	My daughter and I were attempting to try Windsor across the street but they had a wait so we decided to try out Federal Pizza.  I wasn't really in the mood for pizza (weird, I know) but Joyride looked super busy.  I ordered the caprese sandwich and my daughter ordered the margherita pizza.  The sandwich was good, just your normal caprese though,  nothing special.  I tried a slice of pizza and I immediately fell in love!!  This thing literally melted in my mouth.  It doesn't look like much but this is an example of "it tastes better than it looks".  The olive oil they put on it is so rich and yummy and added a great touch!  Good crust and the cheese is yumm.Service was great, our drinks were promptly refilled and everyone was super pleasant.  I think this might become my new favorite pizza place but just to be sure I have to come back and make sure.
5	FANTASTIC PIZZA!! I went with a group of five (six of us in total) and we sat on their super cute patio outside in the back of the restaurant. We ordered a Manifesto pizza , and a pepperoni pizza and the waitress was so cute and nice she gave us a free cheese pizza because she liked us! All the pizzas were delicious. Good wine. Good beer. Overall fantastic place. Def going back. Oh ! Did I mention I believe I saw a drive through !!!
5	Great pizza joint.  So glad we came here.  Explore the menu.  Did I mention:  BOMB PIZZA
5	This is my second time at Federal Pizza, the first time was just okay. Today i realized what all the hype is about . WOW the pizza is AMAZING that my hubby and i finished the whole pie and that never happens. We also had an incredible Cesar salad with grilled chicken. I will for sure return for more.
5	I will put the time to fully explain why this place is way too cool for it's own good. But for now, just understand that it's amazing.  If you don't believe, check it out for yourself, go on a monday or tuesday and get their 2 pitcher / 1 pizza combo for $20 and the mouth dropping experience will begin.
2	Their pizza is good for the first few bites and then it gets old. The meat kinda smells weird. It grossed me out while I was eating it. The pork belly sandwich was so salty I couldn't eat it, and the service was horrendous. They were nice to us, until they completely forgot to service us. We stopped three people other than our server to try and get what we needed. I'm not coming back.
4	We went to see my moms Aunt Irene today, but before we did, we decided to grab some lunch here at Federal Pizza.  I had signed up for their email club a few weeks ago and one of the perks of joining is a free pizza!  Score!When I first walked through the doors, I thought they weren't going to let me in.  I didn't have any facial hair, tattoos, a cool hair style, nice clothes and the fact that I arrived in a car instead of a fixie bike, exposed me even more.  (If you didn't know already, I'm not the biggest fan of hipsters...anyways...this is home base for them).  The hostess was super nice though and showed me and my mom to a booth in the center of the joint.  I ordered a Coke and we showed our waitress my free pizza email on my phone.  She wrote down some number and that was that.  We ordered a pepperoni pizza and a meatball sandwich to split.  About 10 minutes later, our food had arrived.  Here is how it was.......................Pepperoni Pizza ($12.00 normally but free with email club signup) -  Simple and delicious.  As per the menu description, "Molinari Pepperoni + Federal Cheese Blend + Red Sauce".  The pizza was a little bit "wet".  Just a tad soggy in the middle.  You could still pick it up and fold it if you were careful, but it was pretty droopy.  The pepperoni was in large slices and tasted awesome.  I really dug their "cheese blend" too.  It was delicious.  Nice and creamy and very flavorful.  The dough/crust  tasted fine except that it was a little bit too soft for my liking.  It was pretty "bready".  Overall it was a good, but not great pizza.  Can't complain about a free pizza though.  Would I come back and buy this pizza?  Probably,  but if I am driving somewhere for pizza, there are a few other places I would head to first.Meatball Sandwich ($10.00) -  This thing was delicious!  As per the menu description, "Three Meatballs + House Mozz + Pomodoro + Basil + Wood Roasted Onions".  I really liked this sandwich.  The meatballs were tender, the sauce was delicious, the cheese was melted nicely and the wood fired onions gave it a great "bite".  The bread they use is fantastic too.  Not sure if it is their pizza dough or not but whatever it is, it was great.  It was nice and toasty and held together well.  It was served with a little side salad too.  I didn't touch that because I am allergic to vegetables, but I would definitely get this sandwich again.Service was really friendly.  They weren't around much but they had smiles on their faces and brought me a drink refill without having to ask for it which was cool.    Not sure if I will seek this place out again, but the sandwich was great and the pizza was pretty good.  If I was with some hipster buddies...wait...I don't have any hipster buddies......but if I did, and they wanted to come here, I would probably accompany them and get something to eat.
3	Stopped by to grab a bite here with my daughter. The ambience is nice and I really enjoyed the music selection they had playing. The food quality was good, but a bit expensive for what I received. Didn't get a chance to try the pizza, but will on a future cheat day. I'd re-visit, but wouldn't make it one of my regular spots to hit up.
3	I like eating here. It's good hipster pizza, even if the toppings don't always stay on. Good for individuals, dates, or groups. You probably want to figure on about a pie a person if you're at all hungry. My only real quibble? The music is always too loud, which when it's busy, makes it almost impossible to have a conversation, if you're in to that kinda thing.I'm personally a huge fan of the buratta and the Manifesto pizza. Dip your crust in their ranch if you're in to that thing. It has a bit of a lemon-dill taste to it that's surprising in a good way :) They also have a great special on Monday and Tuesday nights, and a happy little happy hour.
5	Federal is my new favorite place to eat!Just the right amount of great staff, awesome food and a stellar collection of beers and cocktails.Been here several times, Federal can do no wrong. Keep up the good work!
4	First yelp review ever for me!  I've been to Federal Pizza several times, and have used their drive-up takeout.  Everyone I have brought here has liked it!  Their buildout is a fantastic repurpose of the bank building.  The service has been consistently great, with drinks always refilled.  It can be a little loud if you're in one of the center booths, but nowhere near as bad as the music blasting at Joyride next door.  I remember it being much quieter on Federal's patio, so that's an option!I have managed to avoid having to use the valet parking.  Thankfully there is now a parking lot available across the street, and they built a crosswalk.As for the food, I've tried the pepperoni and meatball pizzas, plus a custom pancetta and egg pizza.  All have been very tasty, though the pepperoni is quite oily and the meatball pizza was a tad bland when I ordered it onion-free.  As others have noted, their distinct crust is thin, pillowy, chewy, and very delicious, even if they bake it a bit longer than I would prefer (I guess they're reacting to undercooked complaints by waiting for the crust to lightly scorch).  The meatball sandwich was also good.  The Oreo dessert (Lil' Triple) actually tastes a lot better and less processed than it sounds, and the bombilini are also great when fresh and warm.Minus 1 star for somewhat high prices, particularly if you customize your toppings.
4	Okay, but there are better seafood joints in town. Would not go out of my way for it!
3	Food was pretty good. Weird that I made eye contact with several employees but they failed to acknowledge or smile back. Meatball pizza was a bit soggy. That's all I had.
4	My friends and I decided to try this place as we love going to Postinos and Joyride, also run by Upward Projects. The beer selection is different, I liked the variety. We all got pizzas, my favorite was the Cassanova. My friend wasn't so adventurous and got the Pepperoni, which I was told was delicious. I am a bread lover, and I thought the dough was perfect! The atmosphere was great and staff was friendly, but service was a tad slow. We were in no hurry so it wasn't that big a deal to us. All in all a great place to add to the rotation, I will be back.
5	Heard so much about this place and finally went with some friends! They were really busy on a Sunday night so we sat outside to sit faster. I would recommend sitting inside unless it's a nice day out, because I felt like we lost a lot of the atmosphere.    The food was incredible! We got 3 pizzas and shared them(and also took home lots of leftovers). The sweet potato pizza and the prosciutto pizza were the best and I would highly recommend them!! The service was really attentive even though they were clearly very busy and the price seemed to match the quality!
5	Great craft beer selection AND $5 pitchers before 5pm. Killer lunch special, and yummy home made pizza too. Love this place
5	I always have a positive experience at Federal Pizza! They have a great lunch special that comes with a personal sized pizza and side salad for about $8. The iced t is great, the bombolini are divine, and you can't go wrong with the "big star" pizza! Can't complain about the service either, they're always super nice and attentive!
3	I have only given this restaurant a 3 start rating because of the food and beer. However, the service is by far the worst! It's a hit or miss. I have been a loyal patron since it first opened its doors, however, I never know what to expect from their pretentious, hipster staff! I like to think they will always be friendly and courteous but it's quite the opposite. Sitting at the bar they may or may not acknowledge you, not that I'm asking for much but knowing that you see me would be nice. I only wish their staff would be more attentive in order to give them a full 5 star review
4	I was visiting from out of town and this place was already on my itinerary. I was excited to try the grapefruit ginger wine cooler, and it did no disappoint. I had the Casanova pizza. I loved the use of ricotta and dates. It was such a unique combination and I am still thinking about it. Yum! I had the grilled artichoke as well, but it wasn't quite what I expected. Everything was good, but man the pizza was divine. I would gladly go again.
