5	Can't wait.  I will be back.
5	Great service, even better food. Had the lamb with a side of bone marrow and mushroom tart. Fantastic!Also tried the ribeye (24oz) and mac & cheese
5	The Las Vegas skyline is populated with mega-structures designed to dazzle the eye.  The Paris Resort is no exception.  To enter, you drive under a fifty foot Arc de Triomphe.  The valets are dressed in stereotypical Parisian stripes, and you must cross under the humongous foot of La Tour Eiffel inside the casino to get to Gordon Ramsay Steak.In keeping with the subtle details of Las Vegas design, you must pass through the Chunnel designed to transport guests from Paris to the United Kingdom.  This metaphorical journey is subtle but the massive fifty foot Union Jack on the ceiling is anything but.  There can be no doubt that you have arrived at Ramsay's place.  The hustle and bustle of smoothly functioning kitchen and wait staff permeates the room while guests seems quietly in awe of the house built by America's hottest TV chef.The booths in the upstairs balcony provide a sense of privacy, but the myriad of servers quickly keep you from feeling neglected.  A server's assistant places an interactive iPad on the table and teaches us how to navigate through the digital menu.  There is also, some interesting background data on Chef Gordon.  Our waiter, Yaron, was explaining the menu and its multitude of options, when he drops the ultimate bomb on our table; "we also have an exclusive chef's tasting menu for a limited time".  Done, we are now treated to five courses of culinary bliss complete with wine pairings and dessert.There were moments when you could see Chef Gordon's classical training, there were moments when you could see the quasi-arrogant TV personality showing off and there were times when you felt like the Scot from Stratford England was just a bloke looking to feed his mates from down the pub.Chef's mastery of the preparation of beets with pumpernickel soil was a lesson in culinary flavor and texture teamwork.  The world famous Wellington beef was prepared to perfection; of course.  However, when we read that fish and chips were next on our pairing meal we couldn't quite wrap our minds around it.  I made the snide comment "it better come with a pint" while quietly trying to figure out what wine would accompany fish and chips.  When the aesthetically appealing plates hit the table the sommelier was right around the corner with glasses and a bottle of Fin du Monde Ale.  Chef Ramsay was dazzling our minds and our mouths while remaining true to his roots.  This chef's menu was not cheap, coming in at $170 per person (with wine pairings).  However, if having a culinary experience with a mastermind as your guide isn't enough to give you the celebrity experience, you also get an autographed photo of the TV star himself.The experience is one that you should not miss out on during your trip to Vegas.  As for locals like myself, we now have a new restaurant to call home for every visitor that comes to Vegas.
4	Opening night, first seating. The entrance was grand, greeted by a pretty, friendly hostess,  through the chunnel and given a mini tour of the restaurant while being led to our table. Our waiter, Alex, was great...he was very patient and was happy to answer any questions we had. There are so many wonderful sounding dishes on the menu. Most drink choices were presented on an iPad tablet, most of the signature cocktails were gin based which we both aren't much of a fan, but we decided to try the Strawberry Martini and The Drifter. They were both good drinks. I found the iPad to be a bit unnecessary, if the entire menu was loaded on to it, it would've made more sense. The iPad would've been smarter for the bar.Before we ordered our food, we were schooled on the meat selection while a beautiful cart of steaks sat before us, mirrors above each cut to reflect the marbling. A small dish of assorted breads with butter was presented while we waited for our food. The breads were okay, some better than others, nothing to rave about though. I was a little surprised, there was no amuse bouche. I started with the Asparagus Soup with crab meat and caviar...it was  fresh tasting and delicious, it was the highlight of the meal. My husband got the Bone Marrow with demi glaze. It was heart attack worthy. Very rich, but melts in your mouth. Definitely big enough to share. The main courses we selected were the Beef Wellington served with potato puree and roasted vegetables. The beef could've been a tad less cooked, but it was so unbelievably tender, the puff pastry was crispy and golden, floating in savory brown gravy. Loup De Mer was our other selection, cooked perfectly, moist and light. The surprise of the plate was a purple cauliflower puree. A roasted lemon is on the plate to squeeze on the fish and puree, once the juice hits the puree it changes color from purple to pink. Very Dr. Seuss. The lemon needs to have a cover or the waiter should squeeze it with a lemon press, if you so wish, when presented, so I had lemon juice all over my hand and lemon seeds all over my fish and puree. My husband usually doesn't like fish but he was actually eating this and liking it. We got a side of Spinach with Bacon cream and fried egg, it was different, with a smoky taste, the yolk broke perfectly but the egg was difficult to cut through. We didn't finish all the spinach so we asked if we could get the rest to go, the assistant waiter brought us a box and walked away, I was surprised for a high end restaurant that you'd have to pack up your own leftovers.I wanted a light desert, so we decided to split the Tea Trifle. It was small and light, reminded us both of strawberry shortcake. The berries would've been easier to eat if they were cut in bigger pieces, but we were able to patiently stab at them with our fork to get them all.We noticed as the restaurant filled up, between the regular restaurant noise and the loud trendy music playing it became more difficult to have a conversation or hear the waiter. I'm not sure if we had such high expectations because it has Gordon Ramsay's name behind it. Hopefully once it's been in operation longer the kinks will be ironed out. We definitely want to go back and try more.
5	We made reservations for 2 for the May 11th opening at 5pm. We ordered his famous Beef Wellington, Bone-in Ribeye, Mac n Cheese, Asparagus for the entree. Desert was Cheesecake and I can't think of the other one for the life of me but it was ice cream in a shape of a butter stick. I ended with coffee.So it started off walking into the restaurant in a red tunnel, sort of like walking into Tao at the Venetian. The tunnel led to the bar area then out to the restaurant. The restaurant reminded me of his show Hells Kitchen. It had a staircase on the right that curved up to the top to an elevator. Reminded me of his finale episodes of his show when the winner would be at the top of the staircase in an elevator or a frosted door. The top dome of the restaurant had red squiggly neon art just hovering in mid air held up by cable or thin steel rods. If you're wondering what that is... it's Chef Ramsays knife trails when he's making his Wellington. Just imagine the tip of his knife with a red LED light and the camera recorded in total darkness at a slow speed to track the light ONLY. These red squiggles are on random items in his restaurant, ie; menu, glass, etc. Before we ordered, we were presented with a steel cart on wheels of different kinds of beef steaks. Kobe, Porterhouse, Ribeye, etc. This cart is what made up my mind on what to order. Bone-in ribeye was a must! The cart was sort of clumsy to some servers because there was a border between the carpet line and the kitchen floor line. The change in flooring is what made the cart shake or bump and steer in a different direction. I knew one day a piece of steak would fall off that thing and sure enough someone made that happen. A huge steel cart clash sound happened and the manager asked the server what happen and he said it's the floors border that bumbed the cart too much. The wheels needed to be bigger and possibly made like a tire on a bike to absorb the jolt off the floor change. I'm sure this will change. Ok, back to food...I'm not going to go into too much detail on the food because as you can imagine how particular he is on the show, his food has to be awesome and yes it was indeed! Definitely try the Wellington off someones plate if you're not ordering it. The sides come as family style and not on your steaks dish so order plenty for the table but the one side you need to get is the Mac n Cheese. This ain't no Kraft 7 minute microwave crap. Dessert was excellent and presented in a way you wouldn't expect. Butter stick shaped ice cream and a disassembled cheesecake are a couple things that were really cool to see and obviously eat.Servers were well educated on all dishes and you could tell were handpicked to perfection. Apparently each server is teamed up with a right hand man that backed him up. When they brought out the food, they set all plates down at the same time. What I mean by that is that if a table has 4 people, they will have 4 servers around the table and set the plates down. The part that they need to work on was the way they time it. They were standing around the table next to us whispering to each other on who and when will be leading the team to set the plates down. It was obvious and they need to be more descrete about it. Again, this was grand opening night so it was to be expected and should improve as they get use to this. Otherwise the service was fantastic!Our table location was perfect. We sat against the staircase which we were able to observer the restaurant, kitchen and bar. There were these booth seatings that were shaped like wavey lines. The booth that faced the kitchen seemed private and nice for couples but you can't observe the rest of the restaurant since you're confined to one viewing which is the kitchen. I don't think there is bad seating anywhere other than the ones that face just the kitchen. There's also tables upstairs that overlook the 1st floor. An elevator for food service on the far end left of the restaurant. Nice layout of the restaurant.The end of the night it was worth every penny. This would not be a frequent dinning budget for me but for what we spent in the experience, it was well worth it and I can now say I've had Chef Ramsay's Beef Wellington.
5	I had to add a star for getting to meet Gordon Ramsay. He was genuinely a nice guy. Had some drinks and split a burger at the bar, it was a fantastic burger. Tender and flavorful. The bar staff is as friendly as the rest of the staff that we have encountered.
3	After a week of so-so meals in Vegas, I was looking forward to a fantastic meal Thursday evening.  Gordon Ramsay Steak in The Paris was just opening, and my guest and I lucked out in getting a seat for dinner in the lounge.  Upon entering through the red-lit tunnel, I was impressed by  the restaurant's striking design. We were escorted to our table and quickly read through the mouth-watering menu.  For an appetizer, we ordered the Seared Ahi Tuna.  For entrees, we ordered the Beef Wellington and the Beef Short Rib. Although the entrees were truly 5-star-worthy, we found the tuna to be absolutely and shockingly flavorless.  When we informed our server, she responded by saying, "Oh, really?"  Later, a bus boy came to remove our appetizer plates.  When he noticed that we had barely touched our $22 appetizer, he asked how it was.  I told him it was nearly flavorless.  He said that he had already heard the same from three other tables.  He removed the dish and told us he would inform the chef.  Unfortunately, no one offered to substitute out another dish for the one we had barley touched.  Perhaps the newly trained staff just didn't know how to respond to guests not enjoying the food, but I expected them to care (at the very least).     I incorrectly assumed that the dish would be removed from the bill.  It wasn't.  After finishing the meal and paying, I asked to speak with the manager.  I explained the situation, and explained that we had already paid.  She said she was sorry, and to ask for her by name the next time we were in town.  I believe she said her name was Nicole.  Given my high expectations for a restaurant bearing Gordon Ramsay's name, I was disappointed that she seemed slightly unconcerned.  I was shocked that she didn't offer anything besides an apology. Although the entrees definitely met our expectations, I cannot give this restaurant a better rating at this time.  I realize this won't be everyone's experience, but it certainly was mine. A five star restaurant with one star service, gets three stars.  Until we meet again, Gordon Ramsay Steak...
5	Gordon Ramsay Steak is located in the middle of the restaurant; when you walk in from the main doors/valet, walk towards the bridge and you will see bright red letters.We made reservations for 2 at 6:30pm on Friday, May 11th, which was opening night.After walking through the red tunnel and past the wine case, you can't be seated at a bad seat in the house.  It's not a huge restaurant, as it holds about 200 people, but it's comfortable.The waiter comes out with an iPad with all of the drinks and wine list.We ordered:*Strawberry MartiniBombay Sapphire, Strawberries and (something else).- Probably the smoothest martini I have ever had!  I will be ordering all of my martini's with Bombay from now on.*Pimm's CupPimm's with lots of fruit.- Very yummy and smooth.We knew right away what we wanted for our main course & dessert, after watching Gordon Ramsay for years, but we weren't sure what we wanted as an appetizer or side dish.  We asked our waiter, Freddie (who was EXCELLENT!!) and he recommended the Foie Gras.Appetizer:*Foie GrasStrawberry jam, homemade biscuits, bacon bits and foie gras.- This was actually my first time having Foie Gras and OMG!  It was DELICIOUS with all of the flavors combined.  Amazing!Before we placed our order for the main course, Freddie came out with a meat cart with all of the cuts of meat so we could see and make the best choice!Main Course:*Beef Wellington for 2Beef in puff pastry with potato puree, carrots and potatoes.- Cooked Medium/Rare and had great flavor!! Side Dish:*Fingerling Potatoes w/ Parmesan and Truffles- Um, no other description needed.  Sides are enough to share and are holy cow delicious!  The potatoes were seasoned to perfection.  I would order over and over again!Dessert:*Sticky Toffee Pudding w/ Brown Butter Ice Cream-I FUCKING DIED AND WENT TO HEAVEN!!!!!!!It's not pudding like we think, its a warm date cake/bread with warm brown sugar glaze poured over the top with some brown butter ice cream (cut in the shape of a stick of butter).I'm not kidding- this was the best part of the dinner and I wanted like two more orders!  SO FREAKING GOOD!!!By the end of the night, $225 for the total bill and we were out in about 1.5 hours.  I was worried that they might rush us on opening night, but not at all!  The service was perfection as we never wanted for anything.I can't wait to go back and get that sticky toffee pudding!
5	There is much debate over the best steakhouse in Vegas, but there won't be anymore! This is hands down the best steakhouse I have ever had the pleasure of dining at. The inside is sleek and beautiful. We were lucky enough to score a table opening weekend and a fantastic table by the kitchen at that! When we arrived Gordon was standing in the kitchen right behind me! He was on his way out the door but graciously posed for a few pictures before he left, unfortunately I wasn't one of the lucky patrons who scored a picture but that is totally my fault. I dined with my husband and a friend and we went all out. I started with the roasted beets, which was beautifully plated and so delicious. I was intrigued by the "pumpernickel" soil, which thankfully was some grated pumpernickel bread. Everything worked perfectly together. We tried 3 entrees and literally just passed the plates around the table. I ordered the duo of lamb which included the most perfect lamb chops I have ever tasted and a Shepard's pie. The Shepard's pie was only ground lamb and mashed potatoes, no peas, carrots etc. I really wished it included more vegetables because it was just too savory without them. My husband dined on the Kobe rib cap and it was such a stunning piece of meat. You think you have tasted steak, but until you sink your teeth into this steak you haven't! I don't like my meat bloody, but now I get the whole red meat thing. This wasn't bloody, but delicate and tender. My friend had the beef wellington and it's a signature dish for a reason! It was stunning and cooked perfectly. My lamb and my friend's wellington both included peas, carrots, and pureed potatoes. Despite this, we each decided to order a side, which was a mistake because the portions here are actually good sized for the price. I enjoyed the mac and cheese and was especially pleased to find peas mixed in, what an awesome surprise. The spring succotash was refreshing but the pork belly definitely put it over top. I wasn't super pleased with the asparagus, I think it lacked a bit in the flavor department. My husband also got a lobster tail with his steak which was of course delicious. We decided that despite the fact that we were busting at the seams, we really must try a dessert. That was a fantastic decision! We got the cheesecake and didn't regret it for a moment. It was so creamy and delicious, and topped with a strawberry granita which really worked well. The plate was streaked with graham cracker crumbs and blueberries. My only regret was not ordering my own. Overall, this was a fantastic meal and we expected nothing less. Service was absolutely impeccable, again just as we expected. We will absolutely be back and I look forward to trying more of the menu. There is a reason Gordon Ramsay is so famous, it's not his attitude people, it's his food!
5	WOW......All I have to say is this is probably the best steakhouse I've been to so far. I am a huge ribeye & porterhouse fan but everyone said Gordon Ramsey is known for the beef wellington so I decided to give it a shot even though I'm not a huge fan of mushrooms or mustard on my steak.The wait staff was very attentive and friendly. They came out with a variety of breads that was pretty decent and different from the standard hot rolls or pretzel breads they serve to you now. My wife ordered his signature chicken and we shared a side of Mac & cheese. When the wellington came out it was cooked perfectly med-rare and the first bite was FANTASTIC. With all the flavor you wouldn't have known you were eating a filet. My wife who isn't a fan of steak or red meat loved it as well. The Mac and cheese was pretty good and her chicken dish was very moist, flavorful and juicy. For dessert they are known for their sticky toffee pudding, which happens to be her favorite as well and she thought this was the best thing ever. I wasn't a huge fan of it and think the Monkey Bread served at Craftsteak is hands down the best dessert in a steakhouse. Prior to coming here SW was #1 on my list in vegas but this is definitely better and we will be back next week.
4	The only negative thing here was that we had a reservation for 10 but didn't get sat till 10:30. But it was the opening weekend so I guess that can be expected.As a huge fan of Gordon Ramsey, got to say this place didn't disappoint at all! The lobster app was so delish! The bone in rib eye was also crazy good! The mac n cheese is also crazy good!While Gordon wasn't there while I was having dinner, Chef Andy (female) from the show Hell's Kitchen was there. She was a sweetheart and came over to the table to check in and take a picture.Will be back for sure!
4	A good British steak house in the Paris?  Why not.Love him or hate him, Gordon Ramsay is a multi Michelin stared chef.  Trying his London restaurants dispelled the myth for me that British food is bland and flavorless.  That said, at Gordon Ramsay Steak, the British signature dishes are the standouts.  As a steakhouse, it falls in the middle of the pack in price and quality behind Cut, StripSteak, and CraftSteak.Two types of beef, limited cuts (epically if you are not sharing your steak).  28 day dry aged, prime beef is excellent.  Well trimmed.  Good marbling.  Beefy with the waft of umame.  The American kobe is feminine; tender, mild, almost sweet.  They claim the beef rates a BMS 10+ (Japanese A5), could be but it's nowhere near as flavorful as Australian or Japanese wagyu.The signature dishes are outstanding.  Flavors are bold.  The Beef Wellington with a syrupy, red wine demi packs a flavor punch.  A classic.  The "Fisherman's Grill" is also exceptional.  Perfectly cooked lobster, mussels, scallops served with a silky curry sauce.  Oh yeah!.  Sides meant to be shared.  The mushroom tart, gratineed spinach and blue cheese mac and cheese are good eats and make the perfect match to the dry aged beef by heightening the umame aftertaste.  Unfortunately their flavors overpower the kobe cuts.Service is friendly and very efficient.Very good international wine list.  Vegas resort pricing.Note:  Use your Total Rewards casino card to get a slight (5-10 percent) discount.  Tier does not matter.Recommended
5	When reviewing any eatery of any sort, it is always important to manage expectations. For instance, you might've walked into a random dive that looked horrible and disgusting but ended up giving you above average food, which in turn might translate to 4 or even 5 stars. However, if a hyped-up steakhouse bearing the name of one of the most renowned chefs in the world were to give you anything but the finest cut of meat you've ever had, it's easy to immediately downgrade the count to 3 stars and furiously copy and paste the word "overrated" a couple hundred times. So when a restaurant like Gordon Ramsay Steak receives a 5 star rating, you can be assured that this place is definitely no joke.I usually start with food but the entire experience was so well thought out that I'll just start from the moment we entered the restaurant. We had a reservation for 5 at 7pm and they promptly took us to our table when we arrived. The young lady who guided us even gave us a quick little tour/explanation of the restaurant, detailing the designs and the thought behind the ambiance. A nice little touch that was duly noted.Our waiter immediately brought out an ipad menu that showed different alcoholic beverages they were serving and gave us a chance to look it over before taking our orders. I decided on a Southside which is their take on a mojito. It tasted absolutely refreshing and had a little more kick of mint flavor than other mojitos I've had but all in all, a solid drink. Next we were served three types of bread. One was some type of lemon focaccia, another was some sort of prosciutto roll, and the other I didn't try (sorry about the descriptions but I hadn't eaten all day in anticipation so my mind was pretty blurred by hunger). The roll was hands down the best one. It kind of looks like a cinammon roll and the prosciutto flavor came out really well; it almost had the flavoring of a chinese pork bun, but obviously a little more sophisticated and tastier. And to the main course we go. I really wanted to try both the beef wellington and the rib-eye so I ended up splitting with someone I was with. The beef wellington is his signature dish and it was absolutely perfect. The meat was sooo tender (all of them are cooked to medium-rare) and the puff pastry crust with the mushroom puree complimented the meat perfectly. I think there was also a hint of mustard somewhere in there but it wasn't strong at all and added a nice dimension to the steak. The rib-eye was also outstanding. Granted, I liked the wellington a lot so there is probably a marked mellowness in my enthusiasm for the rib-eye but I guess when you're eating two different steaks, one of them will stand out and inevitably cause the other one to take a backseat. However, to be fair, the rib-eye was riding shotgun and had one hand on the wheel. It was also cooked to a perfect medium rare and noticeably didn't have huge globs of fat hanging off the sides; the fat was well distributed throughout the meat so that it wasn't overbearing but still added that delicious lardy flavor we all crave in a good cut of steak :) This isn't a must but I saw bone-marrow on the menu and decided that I had to give it a try and let me tell you, it made the steak taste that much better. The bone marrow is pretty much just fat that you scoop out small portions and eat them with your steak. If it's in your budget, definitely give it a shot because it is well worth it.At this point, your stomach is probably sending mad signals to your brain telling you to stop eating, that dessert is out of the question. This is the time when you must concentrate, dig deep, and order the sticky toffee pudding. There is really no description better suited for this dessert than an orgasm in your mouth. It comes with a toffee sauce they pour onto the pudding which just melts in your mouth and a side of butter ice cream (it literally looks like a stick of butter). You will not regret this.I must say that this is quite the premier steakhouse. Granted, we did run into a couple slips ups. Our waiter, for one, would disappear for prolonged periods of time and if it weren't for the sheer number of waiters passing our table, I probably would've docked at least half a star. Also, make sure to specify that you want tap water. Our waiter gave us this glass jar of water and charged us for it, even though we had simply asked for 5 glasses of water. I guess I didn't specify what type of water I wanted but let's be honest, if you see 5 marginally employed college grads, you think they want to pay $18 for water? But when all was said and done,this was reflected in the waiter's tip and more importantly, I don't want one waiter to take anything away from the rest of this amazing experience. I generally hate giving out 5 star reviews but the amazing food coupled with the chill, hip atmosphere they got going on forced my hand. Just be sure to hit the tables afterwards so you can restock your wallet (or go broke).
5	My sister and mom went for mothers day, Steaks' opening weekend. Their revue was good enough to get me on a plane from San Diego, and for them to extend their stay another day. I joined up and we went for dinner on Wednesday.   They were right...wowThe service was superb. They paid attention to EVERY TINY DETAIL. Napkins were re folded if someone got up, our drinks never got anywhere near empty, simply the best service I have ever had.My sister and i split a medium rare porterhouse with the peppercorn sauce and mac &cheese and asparagus, my mom got the beef wellington.  Im rating everything as a  "10" period. The toffee cake and butter ice cream was stunning.I am giving the front of the house and back of house both a 10.I can assure you as this is the Only Gordon Ramsay steakhouse, they DO know how to cook a steak and that's for freaking sure. This is place isn't cheap, but isn't insane. Expect to pay around 100 each person plus tip. The food is worth it, and this comes from a guy who has no problems making complaints.   Make your reservations well ahead of time.
4	Party of 7.  4 hours on opening night.  Food was perfect.  Signature menu exceeded expectations.  Charles very knowledgable.  Specialty drinks all very good.  Had a hard time actually getting a beer.  Really long time between courses.  No Idea why.
4	My fiance and I ordered the limited edition tasting menu when we visited Steak this past week. It included, Bread, Colcannon, Roasted Beets, Asparagus Soup, Roasted Beef Wellington, and for dessert, Tropical Panna Cotta. It also included an autographed copy of the tasting menu which was a nice touch since my fiance thinks Ramsey is the cooking god. I'll go from best to worst. The Tropical Panna Cotta was superb. It had so many flavors. It was absolutely delicious! The bread was also excellent. The Asparagus Soup was also very good. I could have done without the salmon caviar in it-too salty (not a big fan of caviar anyway). The Colcannon (potato and cabbage croquette) was good, not great. Last and definitely least was the Beef Wellington. The small piece of beef in it was good but the coating was dry and had a very strange texture. The glazed root veggies and potato puree that came with it were decent. By the time we got to the beef wellington, I was wishing I would have ordered a steak because people really seemed to enjoy it (I talked to some of my dining neighbors). The staff was absolutely top notch! They were very attentive and knowledgeable about the food. Our server was Chris and he treated my beer drinking fiance like they were old buddies! Him and another server helped him pick out a beer and both of them knew every thing about every beer that the restaurant served (although they did disagree on which one was the best :  ) ) I was really impressed that they remembered every thing about the steaks when they were showing each table the steak selection. I will visit this restaurant again but will order one of the beautiful steaks.
5	I had high hopes for Gordon Ramsay Steak, and so I placed a reservation a few days in advance for 4 people. Our experience was fantastic. The restaurant itself is upscale and modern, and it certainly has a more trendy vibe than Ramsay's other restaurants in New York or London. I also appreciated that the hostess allowed guests to order drinks at the bar before their tables are ready; we tried some of the signature beers and cocktails, and all of us enjoyed them immensely.The dinner experience was great as well. With 4 recent college graduates eating, we could definitely eat generous portions, so we were a little worried about entree size. However, two of my friends ordered the 24oz bone-in rib-eye steak, which was exceptionally large and out of this world. We also ordered the foie gras for an appetizer, as well as a number of sides and sauces. Overall, the food was outstanding. You MUST try this steakhouse if you are looking for the ultimate Vegas dining experience.Perhaps the best part of the meal was the service. Everything was impeccable, and both our waiter and the floor manager stopped by our table to see how our experience was. There is a dress code for the restaurant (business casual or better), but this is typical for Ramsay. The waiter was knowledgable about the entire menu, and you can order drinks from iPads given to each table (a nice, modern touch!).I'm sure everyone is wondering about the prices, and yes, they are expensive. The total bill for 4 guests who each ordered 2 drinks, entree, sauces, sides and 1 appetizer to split was just under $500. However, the experience and the quality of the food is hard to beat, and if you haven't had a fine dining experience before, you really have to try Gordon Ramsay Steak. Highly recommended!
1	Terrible in every way.  Food was awful the decor is hideous and very expensive.  If your visiting Vegas do not stop here.
5	terrific energy. dynamic drink selection. great wine program. professional, polished service; and the uniforms are anything but; reminiscent of a runway exhibition--fantastic change from dreary black and whites.  steak presentation one-of-a-kind, not to be missed. pricey; worth every penny and then some!  this is what a steak house--what EVERY RESTAURANT-- should be about--details, taste, experience.  spotted dick dessert sumptuous!
1	From the awkward entrance to the foo foo bread selection to returning our appetizer (VERY fishy Ahi Tuna) to also returning a side dish (sauteed spinach swimming in butter and salt) and returning our check TWICE to be corrected.  Finally, the bill, I will pay for high quality food and service but this place is over priced and under run.  Sorry Ramsay, you should have skipped putting your name on this one.
5	Love Gordon Ramsay and his new restaurant is equally as amazing as he is! I admit, I rarely eat steak but found the menu offered many other options to choose from.  We ordered the Alaskan Halibut and Wild Pacific Salmon entrees with sides of parmesan potatoes and mac and cheese.  All tasted as delicious as they were presented and prepared.  Our dinner waiter was experienced and very personable however our prior lounge service was slow and our waitress lacked enthusiasm.  I'm assuming she was just overwhelmed and stressed, as this was the first Mon after opening weekend.  We had a 9:15 reservation and had to wait for about 30 min. before our table was ready.  Gave us a chance to check out the wine list on the iPad while sipping a nice strawberry martini in the lounge.  Dinner was excellent and our only issue from the evening was getting charged for 4 drinks instead of 2 when they were transferred over from the lounge.  We noticed the error and our waiter had it adjusted immediately.  I'm sure those little glitches will improve over time and the food and wait was well worth it.  I'm looking forward to sampling more menu items next time we get back here...the steak perhaps!
4	Two of us ended up at Gordon Ramsay Steak with no prior planning and in my case I had little knowledge of GR's background.  I know my cocktails and I know my beef - GRS delivered.  The Manhattan was served in more of a oversized snifter, but it worked.  I ordered it with GRS' signature Knob Creek - I still can't place the distinct flavor, but it was yummo.  Without a reservation on a busy Tuesday night, we managed a table in the bar area without a wait.  Service seemed as seemless as it would have been in the dining room.  The service was polished without being cloying.  Not one single menu item disappointed, and the filet mignon was cooked perfectly and was as good as it could possibly have been.  That being said, at the price point offered, I would have expected no less.  While the French Press coffee was as good as I've ever had, it too needed to be that good at $12.00 for a cup and a half.  The bill was about triple my business per diem, but for the last night in town attending a convention that always wears one out, GRS was the antidote to a long, stressful day.  Highly recommended, but bring a credit card with lots of room.
5	Gordon Ramsay Steak was my main event dinner from my most recent trip to Vegas (May 2012).  I've been looking forward to dining here ever since they announced it last year.  At first I was a little worried that being from a Celebrity Chef, things would be overpriced, overdone, and overhyped.  But as you read on, you'll see that all those worries would be extinguished and that I had probably one of the best dining experiences ever on The Strip.  And also I was so glad that my mom enjoyed it as this was my Mother's Day treat for her.Right off the bat, once you walk in you can see the amazing decor that makes it feel like you're in a Modern English Steakhouse from the Chunnel Bar (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=3RUe6kAt1AXyR9tM-3pNzQ) to the giant Union Jack on the ceiling ((http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=Pxlx_Y_BDmDBkpt_PKE6MA).They went really fancy with ordering drinks as they provide you with an iPad with their own app that featured their whole wine and cocktail menu.  It was really fun to toy with and see what drinks they had to offer.  My mom ordered the Hell's Kitchen Antioxidant while I had their Strawberry Martini.  I tasted both and they were amazing, but the winner was the Strawberry Martini.HK Antioxidant(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=vZe7KFjy2veoDxuI38y21w)Strawberry Martini(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=o6w3bIXR61D40tvYaqPPhQ)The Complimentary Bread was very good but I couldn't exactly remember what the pieces were.  I just remember one having bacon in it and another having truffles in it.  And then for my appetizer, I went with the Sonoma Farms Foie Gras which was superb in its own right.Complimentary Bread Selection(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=fkuYUsVqEzH31GcdqizWKg)Sonoma Farms Foie Gras(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=tYp2hGKW1r0Sjedf1fcLQw)For our Main Entrees, my mom had ordered the 18oz NY Strip (Sorry no pic available) while I decided on the infamous Beef Wellington from Hell's Kitchen (infamous because it sent so many contestants home).  My mom definitely enjoyed her steak, but it was too big for her to finish so she handed the rest off to me.  And it was cooked pretty good!  As for the Beef Wellington,  I've seen it made on HK so many times that it really had me curious on what it tastes like.  Roasted Filet Mignon rolled with mushroom pate in a puff pastry?  It looks and sounds so savory and decadent.  And when I had that first bite, I was literally blown away!  Foodgasms with every bite!!  And to add to that sensation, I had a side of Demi-Roasted Bone Marrow that was just like butter!The infamous Beef Wellington!(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=qk2vgE60YTNNmW7Pacy9Rw)Demi-Roasted Bone Marrow(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=Z0eJgiPy3G2fyzYG7jT79g)Our meal was capped off with their house special Sticky Toffee and French Press Coffee.  Very good coffee and I like how it came with flavored spoons.  I went with the Bailey's Spoon while my Mom picked the Amaretto Spoon.  The Sticky Toffee was very sweet as I expected it to be.  Loved the vanilla bean "butter" ice cream that came with it.French Press Coffee with Flavored Spoons(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=2-qAQC_VVwPL3MstZnUoCg)Sticky Toffee with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream "Butter"(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/OETh78qcgDltvHULowwhJg?select=gGuhO59Y0M83t8ZFQrAU-g)Our Server Freddie did an amazing job waiting on our table.  He was very informative and constantly checked on us to make sure everything was beyond satisfactory.  Overall, all I can say is that he definitely earned a big tip from us!Gordon Ramsay Steak may not be the most expensive or best steakhouse on the Strip.  In fact it may actually be one of the more affordable steakhouses considering how all the other spots like Craftsteak, CUT, and Carnevino charge almost an arm and a leg for their steaks.  While not the most expensive, I think Gordon Ramsay hit the mark with creating an great overall dining experience with a pretty diverse menu (while still placing the emphasis on steaks) and well trained staff to provide impeccable service.  I highly recommend you try it out next time you're visiting the strip.  You won't be disappointed!
5	I'm a big fan of steak, so when my wife and I saw that Gordon Ramsay Steak would be open in time for a recent trip Vegas she got right on making reservations for my birthday dinner.Before you choose your steak, the wait staff wheels a a steak cart over to your table so you can see exactly what cuts they have.  Immediately the American Kobe caught my attention.  My understanding is that American Kobe beef is actually Japanese Kobe cows, but raised in Nebraska.  The cuts were smaller than traditional steaks, but the price was a lot better than actual Japanese Kobe steaks, so I went for the rib cap instead of my usual rib eye.When the meal arrived, I was in heaven. Best. Steak. Ever. Couldn't have been seasoned or seared any better.  And it was so tender!  OMG was it tender!Our Penna Cotta desert was delicious too, very light and flavorful.Couldn't have asked for a better meal on my birthday.Can't wait to go back, highly recommended!!
4	I want to give this place 5 stars. I expected to give this place 5 stars. As I write this, I'm still considering upping my rating to 5 stars...but I just can't.  Unfortunately the service is what's keeping me from doing so.  More on this later.  We visited on Wednesday 5/30 for our big dinner on our last night in Vegas.  If you are looking for a classic steakhouse atmosphere, go somewhere else. This place is modern and trendy, including great current music remixes pumping through the restaurant. I loved the atmosphere 100%.  The bar experience was excellent. IPads are there to review the specialty cocktails, and the drinks didn't disappoint. We ordered a Southside and an HK Antioxident. We were seated in a corner booth upstairs, and unfortunately had a limited view of the place - no big deal though.For starters, I had the onion soup, which was hands down the best onion soup I've ever had. She had the caesar salad, which was also very good. For the main dish, I had the beef wellington, which was amazing. The meat literally melts in your mouth...outstanding. She had the fish & chips, which was delicious and the serving size was plentiful.  I also ordered the roasted bone marrow (1st experience with it), and didn't care for it...just a personal preference thing there.  Overall, an excellent food experience. Back to the service - the waiter's assistant was excellent. He was on top of the water, bread and cleaning the table. Very friendly and attentive. Our main waiter, however, acted uninterested, and barely spent any time with us. We literally received more attention from other waiters passing by our table, who engaged us in conversation about the restaurant, the menu and their recommendations.  Where was this great attitude for us from our waiter?  A few noticed that we sat there with finished plates for a good 15-25 minutes.  I understand our waiter was busy with a large party, but we were second thoughts to him, and it was clear we were not a priority. It really was too bad, and all the waiting and disinterest made our mind up for us that we would be skipping dessert.We will be back for sure, but we will definitely ask for a table with a better view, and we will make sure we don't get the same waiter.Food, atmosphere, bar/bartender, other restaurant staff: 5 Stars!!Service: 1 Star
2	Meh, not impressed. The food was good, but I had better. What was really upsetting was the 2 hour wait for our food... that was unacceptable. Our reservation was at 5:15pm and we did not get our food until 7:30. We also ordered a bottle of white wine and it was served at room temperature... That is not something i can tolerate at such a steak house. Ramsey should definitely discipline his own staff like the way he did to the contestants on his show.
2	Extremely disappointed with our experience.  Booked a reservation weeks ago and couldn't wait to try GR's new restaurant in vegas.  Doubt I will be back.Had a reservation for 4 at 7:30 on Sat nite.  Informed things were running "a little" behind" and invited to wait in the bar.  Fortunately we found a table there cuz the bar just kept filling up with dinner patrons, many of which now had no where to sit in the bar.  Had 2 rounds in the bar.  Waitress was very attentive and kept apologizing about the delay.  Finally seated in the restaurant around 8:30.Restaurant waitstaff made a very good first impression.  Very friendly, attentive, answering questions about the menu.  Meat cart came next.  The explanations seemed a little rushed and it was very difficult to hear due to the music.  We failed to close 1 of our menus so ordering was a little delayed.  Our bad.Experienced 2 episodes with broken glass as the table directly behind me was being bussed.  First time some hit me in the back.  Waitstaff had me stand up and gently brushed off my back and chair.  The 2nd time glass actually landed on our table.  Staff was concerned some may have landed in our soup.  Quickly removed our soup which was eventually replaced...eventually.  Accidents happen.  No big deal really.Now things really take a turn for the worse.  A manager of some type comes by our table at 10:00 to ask how dinner was going.  "Not very well" I reply.  "Why not?" she asked.  "Cuz we haven't eaten dinner yet" I reply.  You read that right.  2 1/2 hours after our scheduled reservation we still hadn't received our entrees!  She checks with the kitchen and our food arrives shortly thereafter.  Wife's steak was overcooked.  Mine was OK.  Sides OK.  Other 2 in our party thought their food was quite good.A second manager comes by our table to apologize and states the bill will be taken care of.  Nice gesture actually.  Well, our waiter must have then assumed he was going to get stiffed on his tip... which he didn't, because he then became invisible.Maybe we just caught them on a bad nite.  However, even if I rated the food by itself I would only go 3 stars.  Just didn"t feel it was good enough to justify their prices.
5	I found out this place was opening a few days before we left for Vegas.  To my amazement, we were able to book a table for 4 on a Thursday night at 7:30.  I was so excited to go to this place, as I have only been to one other of his restaurants.  This one did not disappoint.  We ended up waiting about 15 minutes as it was busy, so we checked out the bar.  Rather small, but once you eat at the restaurant you will understand why.  Right away we were given an iPad to scope out the drink menu...I ordered a Guinness to be an ass, and my GF ordered some Pomegranate drink that looked EXACTLY like what was presented on the virtual menu.  This wasnt my first restaurant with an iPad for a menu, but fun nonetheless.  I also noticed the bottle of Louis 13 Remy Martin staring me in the face, but decided to decline as I was going to be drinking heavily all night and did not want to potentially waste it.  The Maitre d' offered to take our drinks to the table when it became ready and we were sat right in front of the kitchen...awesome table!  The actual restaurant was rather dark...but sort of a gastro pub feel...tables were spacious and cleverly designed.  I joked all week about how we were getting the chefs table...well...thats basically what we had with the kitchen being open to the rest of the restaurant.  Unreal table.Our server was immediately by our side asking if we needed refreshments.  A few minutes later he explained the different cuts of meats the had available that evening...I believe I counted 10...which came on the cool looking cart by our table side to look at the different cuts.  Fun.  He gave us a few minutes and was no more than 10 feet away at all times.  (I must clarify here...the waiter, at no time during our dining, rushed our courses or made us feel rushed....we even sat at the table enjoying our drinks long after we had finished our meals with no interruptions....again...service was perfect) We ordered wine, and it came in less than a minute...they obviously have a well organized staff.  Minutes later we were ready to order.  I had ordered the veal and kobe beef cavatelli app, a Caesar salad, and the beef wellington.  First the Caesar...amazing....the dressing was an egg dressing, not a mayonnaise based...and it came with deep fried quail eggs...BOMB...a bit salty, but other than that the best Caesar ever.  The veal and beef dish next was hands down the best appetizer I have ever had at any restaurant, save the duck confit I had at his restaurant in Boca Raton.  My brother even ate more of mine than i did.  The Wellington...my first to be honest so I can't really compare...but it was cooked perfectly, the taste was spot on, and the side of truffled mac and cheese i ordered just completed my best dining experience ever.Overall, this experience was what I would expect for a group of 4 young adults paying 600 dollars for a meal.  They know it, and I know it....that not only are you paying for top of the line food, but the actual dining experience one would hope for every night out.  Top notch....
5	The Atmosphere:  5/5  A cool design with the chunnel bar separating the lounge from the two story dining room.  The open kitchen ads to the energy.  The servers & bar staff are all wearing classy dress shirts with suspenders and ties, (some of the guys could have their shirts tailored though to perfect the look).  The cutlery, plate-ware, linens and glassware were unique and classy. They looked and felt very expensive, these little touches add value for me.The Food: 5/5  The shrimp cocktail was good, The Beef Wellington was incredible!  Probably the most flavorful piece of beef I've ever enjoyed. It's one of those types of dishes that many restaurants are scared to serve because it can taste pretty ordinary if it's not prepared correctly.  I won't be ordering it anywhere else because Gordon Ramsey's version has set the bar too high.   Also, get the sticky toffee dessert, our server suggested it and we really enjoyed that too.  I'll get the Beef Wellington and Sticky Toffee dessert again but I'll try other apps and sides next time.The Drinks:  5/5  Between my wife and I, we ordered the strawberry martini, two Drifters, HK Antioxidant, Pims Cup and a cappuccino with dessert.  We are normally wine drinkers but we saw a lot of value in their cocktails.  The Drifter was my favorite (I love a good whiskey) and my wife enjoyed the HK antioxidant the most.The Service: 4/5  We arrived without a reservation and found two seats at the bar.  When we sat down, the bar staffed were getting crushed by the nonstop drink orders and all of the bar guests.  Their cocktails are pretty labor intensive, so they take awhile to make.  Once they caught up, all three of them were very attentive and personable.  We didn't have to wait long for the food at all.  The restaurant just opened three weeks ago and the staff is probably still working out a lot of kinks, hence a few poor yelp reviews about the pace of service.  We had very friendly service at the bar and we'll sit there again.Summary:  My wife and I own two restaurants and are big fans of eating at chef driven restaurants when we go out.  We've been to Vegas every year for the last five years and Gordon Ramsey's Steak was one of our fondest memories of any of our Las Vegas trips.  Can't wait to go back!
3	Was so excited to finally go to one of GR's restaurants, but have to say, the service really made the experience sub-par.On the initial entrance things were great. Maitre de was wonderful and accommodating, and even though we waited 30 minutes past our reservation time I chalked it up to being a Saturday night. We took a seat at the bar and our waitress was great. When we finally got to our table was where the trouble began.I start by saying the sommelier was excellent! While we were discussing the wine menu (very intimidating) he came up and offered suggestions, and throughout the meal was at the table seeing how we were faring. Saw him FAR more than our actual waiter. When the waiter finally took our order that was the last we saw of him until it was time to pay the bill. REALLY. The busboy/man, was far more attentive to us, and continually checked on us to make sure we were ok. There were 2 tables next to us, both with couples dressed to go to a picnic, not fine dining (sorry, pet peeve), and they were fawned over, while we were ignored the entire night.While the food was excellent, it's really hard to get over feeling like you are beneath your waiter, and get excited when he actually pays attention to you.The busboy/man (I apologize that I don't know his title) was a wonderful man with an African accent and was AMAZING. The main server was horrible. It's really hard to give a 20% tip on a $300 bill for someone you literally saw twice.
5	Went to Ramsays new Steakhouse in the Paris hotel.  It has a great ambiance and nice decor.  The service was excellent.  Waiter Mike was very efficient,   so were all the other staff.  We had the limited edition tasting menu, and it was wonderful.  Good price for a 4 course dinner.  Nice size servings for both of us. Excellent quality and very tasty.  Our only negative comment, is that the food came too fast, and they seemed to rush us through.  After dessert, we were presented with the bill, and not asked if we would like an after dinner drink or coffee.  We had the feeling they were anxious for us to move on,  so they could do another seating quickly.    But other than rushing us through, we loved everything.  We will be back again, but next time, we will let them know we are not in a hurry.
5	From their menu: "Prime beef hand selected by Pat LaFrieda, dry aged for 28 days minimum in his Himalayan salt room." Really? Pat LaFrieda has a Himalayan salt room??? That sounds like some crazy Barney Stinson lie that you make up to get in some girl's pants. Instantly, images up sherpas traversing the Himalayas in a blinding snow storm, fighting nomads and killer pandas just to reach that dry aged beef come to mind. Unfortunately, the reality is that a Himalayan salt room is just a room that simulates the effects of a salt cave -- great for dry aging and, apparently, also good for your health.The quality of the beef was evident in everything we sampled. Each piece of beef had a distinct -- and wonderful -- flavor. Our party of four tried the 8oz. American Kobe skirt steak ($48), the 24oz. bone-in ribeye ($56), the 8oz. filet ($52), and the roasted beef wellington ($52). The beef wellington that Ramsay is famous for is the type of dish that you'll be dreaming of for weeks. With its deliciously flaky pastry shell and bold, beefy interior, don't be surprised if you have night sweats as you recollect tasting every savory bite. What separates one steakhouse from all the other great steakhouses on the Strip are the appetizers. The most amazing one we tried was the butter poached Main lobster ($28) with chorizo, brandied cream sauce and sweet corn. The sauce was unbelievable and the spicy, sweet flavors of the dish made it memorable. Another dish that's hard to forget is the beef tartare. Sure, every steakhouse has their own version, but the one here is covered with a glass dome filled with smoke and opened table side. The use of mustard seeds and other ingredients gave the beef a bold, rustic quality. The house made chips that accompanied the dish were fabulous also.We also ordered half a dozen Kusshi oysters... always a hit. For sides, we ordered fingerling potatoes and asparagus, which were plenty for the four of us to share. Their complimentary bread to start was exceptional as well. The mushroom tarts and focaccia were the standouts.The drink menu is presented on an iPad. A cool gimmick, but a hassle when you have four people who have to take turns looking at it. Personally, I'd prefer a paper menu. Everyone enjoyed their cocktails. The Red Lion I tried ($14, Tanqueray, Grand Marnier, lemon juice, orange bitters) was potent and went down way too fast.As for the look and atmosphere of the place, there's nothing subtle about it, just like Ramsay himself. The entrance is supposed to be a replica of the chunnel that connects France to England -- it's a cool concept and makes for an impressive site as you're walking up to the entrance. Once you're inside, there's no doubt you're in British territory. There's a huge Union Jack on the ceiling along with a sculpture that represents Ramsay's hand gestures. The rest of the place is dark, elegant, and very spacious with a large open dining area and a smaller dining area on the second floor that overlooks the space below.Whether or not you like the Ramsay's onscreen persona, his food lives up to the hype and delivers a fresh approach to the Vegas steakhouse.
4	Ambience was nice, service was exceptional without being overly pretentious. We ordered bone in rib eye 24 oz and everyone and their mom recommended the signature beef Wellington, so we obliged. The rib eye was fantastic! Perfect char, fat ratio was perfect and steak was bursting with flavor! One of the moments were you subconsciously close your eyes, chew slowly, and begin making the sound Mmmmmmm... Wish I could say the same for the beef Wellington. Wife and I agreed that the flavor fell flat. We only took one bite each and then just shared the wonderful ribeye. For sides we had Mac n cheese and loadedPotato. Mac n cheese was creamy but light, perfect balance. Baked potato was just an over sized baked potato but nothing to write home about. You will easily runUp a bill close to $200 or more but overall it was worth it and we very much enjoyed the experience.
5	This is the best meal I have ever had. Yes, I said it. Everything was absolutely perfect. We even got to meet Chef Ramsay himself! He was working hard in the kitchen and bouncing around the dining room meeting people. It was great!For the food:Started with: HK antioxidant to drink (amazing!), caesar salad, and lobsterMain Dish: Kobe Filet (best steak I have ever had), spinach, and potatoesDessert: Toffee Pudding (typically not my style, but it was divine)Restaurant vibe was lively and hip. It was PERFECT!
5	All except for the atmosphere...My mother and I were in Vegas and decided to check out the new face at the Paris. I'm happy that we did!I opted for wine while my mom had champagne... decent enough and a nice selection.I started off with a cesar salad--hands down the best cesar that I've ever had! The flavors danced on my tongue.  Next up was a cut of beef that I hadn't heard of before--the rib cap. I ordered it charred, medium rare. My mouth still waters when I remember that slice of beef; cooked to absolute perfection and ooohhh soooo tender! Mom opted for the lamb duo and said hers was the best Shepard's Pie ever! We shared a "loaded" baked potato with smoked gouda bechamel and pancetta ham; that was good but I wish we had gone for the truffle mac and cheese. For dessert we had sticky toffee cake with brown butter ice cream... homemade! My mother said it was the best dessert she had ever had in a restaurant.Only drawback was the atmosphere. The music was loud, pumping high energy, suitable for a dance club. We were looking for a place to have a nice meal and spend some time chatting-- instead the booming music interrupted the enjoyment of the food.For a place with a price point of $100 to $150 per person, it seemed a bit extreme. I'm not sure if it would stop us from going back but it would be nice to have the option of a quieter dining area. Our server, Matthew, went above and beyond! He was helpful with my mother who walks with a cane--assisting her with her chair and escorting us through the restaurant. He answered all questions patiently and made us feel welcome. I was impressed. Maybe they could offer senior night and turn down the music a little?
5	My husband and I ate here on a Monday night (June 11th) and it was packed!  We were glad to have made reservations.  The restaurant has a very cool entrance (a replica of the chunnel) and it has a very cool vibe and decor.  We had an amazing meal - we started off with the Kobe beef sliders which were super tasty.  Then I had the beef short ribs which were AMAZING - soooooooooo good.  My husband had the American Kobe Beef filet which was the best cut of meat the restaurant had and he LOVED it.  He also ordered the Mac and Cheese as a side and it was heavenly.  The best Mac and Cheese I have ever had.  By the way, for drinks the strawberry martini was unreal.  It wasn't overpowered with strawberry flavor it was just right and sooooo delicious!  We then had desert which of course was just unreal.  We ordered the sticky toffee pudding desert and the chocolate layer cake.  The toffee pudding was one of the most delicious deserts I have ever had - it was so moist and it just melted in your mouth.  The chocolate cake was also super good but it was a pretty small serving on it.  Just 3 bites worth but it was an amazing three bites!  Overall an excellent meal and we can't wait to go back!  Definitely recommend it.
4	I love to find a great tasting steak and I did...   I ordered the the Porter House and it was well prepared as was our appetizer, salads, & sides.  The front of the house needs to work on service.  Our server was interrupted while at our table on several occasions and we had to wait way too long in between courses.  We were not offered pepper for our salads and when I did ask for pepper, it took forever for our server to find a pepper-mill because customers were taking them and they didn't have enough.   They need to buy a few pepper-mills for their servers that customers wont steal !
3	This restaurant review is way past due. Before Gordon Ramsay Steak opened to the public I was fortunate to receive an invite to a preview dinner. Prior to be seated, we had a drink in the lounge. The cocktail menu seemed extensive, but I am more of beer girl and lucky for me they had a nice selection of beers too.Shortly, thereafter, we were seated in the dining room on the main floor. Our waiter was kind and eager to answer our questions. He assisted us in choosing wine for our meal a riesling for me and a malbec for him. We started with a yummy variety of breads - the one with pancetta was a real winner - and then moved onto the sliders, which were a big disappointment. We also had yellowtail tuna which was fantastic! I loved the fresh clean flavors. Next, the main course was presented. The halibut was nicely prepared but failed to leave an impression. I have had better for much less. The New York strip on the other hand was very good. It was nicely seasoned with a beautiful crust. We added on crab and it was terrible. I actually questioned if it was imitation crab. Fortunately, the side of pureed potatoes were positively scrumptious and the crummy crab became a distant memory.Dessert followed, we were given a treat of chocolate spoons to accompany our french press coffee while we waited for our tea trifle. The spoons were filled with alcohol, it's not something I enjoyed, but I appreciated the playful twist. The coffee was a lovely blend, I did enjoy that very much. The tea trifle, however, was a complete failure. We told our waiter as much as well. The ice cream on the side was very good, but the trifle was dry and bland. Just terrible.The restaurant is comfortable, the staff was friendly and the meal itself was hit and miss. Our tab was comped, but totaled $300. In no way was our experience worthy of three hundred dollars. At that price point, the entire meal had better be stellar.
5	Ate here last month during the first week they opened. Being that I am fortunate enough to eat at so many great places, I don't always feel the need to pass on my experiences about all of them. This place deserves it though. I've worked many openings for restaurants and hotels and I know the rate of things that go wrong. None of that happened here. From the design of the restaurant, to the service and the food, all was blissful. First off, I noticed the obvious symbolism of the tube shaped entrance and bar in the lounge which was the the Metro or the Chunnel connecting London to Paris. In this case, London being the restaurant and of course the Paris hotel. Thankfully, the food was not traditional English lol.Service was right on point; never an empty water glass, and a slew of servers tending to your needs. I noticed the meat cart early on and when it came around I was surprised to learn that it was the actual cut of meat you can choose from. Not a fake plastic or wax model...the actual cut of meat. The mirrors behind each cut to showcase the marbling and the quality were a nice touch. Certainly something I had never seen before.I couldn't begin to tell you everything we ate because we had a ridiculous amount of dishes for two people. What I DO remember is why you would have to go there in the first place. The strawberry martini was perfect, gin, strawberry and lemon. Just enough to feel good, not too sweet that it tasted fake.Of all the appetizers and starter, the roasted beet salad was so flavorful and beautifully presented that I swore I was done with dinner and could eat just that every day for the rest of my life. The Asparagus soup had such a phenomenal blend of interesting tastes and textures that it is hard to believe it came from such a childhood favorite vegetable (joke) that nevermind how it makes your pee smell. Skip the Yellow fin tuna, it was pretty blah compared to the scores of other places that do it so well...sorry.The meats were cooked perfectly and though I like a good lean meat, I had the New York over the filet and it was perfect, as was the big boy long bone chop, from which my dog received a bone nearly as long as him!Since steaks can be so straightforward, I would mention some of the sides. The mac and cheese, which has become a staple at most steakhouses now, very tasty, the haricot verts, perfectly crispy,and the fire roasted corn, for those in the know, was reminiscent of Mexican street corn found in downtown L.A. being roasted and served out of a makeshift shopping cart turned bbq grill topped with lime, hot spices, and mayonnaise...mucho yummy. I'm sure they do this somewhere in Mexico as well ;-).Now after falling in and out of a food coma, and two bottles of wine later, we were literally served every single dessert on the menu. So I can't name them all but I will tell you to trust the server when he says their specialty toffee pudding cake was worth breaking the so-called diet for and will be worth a return visit. But don't just take my word for everything, go see for yourself! Make a reservation, they sill seem to be pretty busy!
1	We were in Vegas a few days ago and wanted to try out Gordon Ramsay Steak so we called reservations and found out they were booked until after 10pm.  No problem as she told us we could go to the bar if we wanted to as it has a full menu there.  We ended up going to dinner at American Fish and decided to have a drink and dessert at Ramsay.  When we got to the host stand we were told that the bar was bought out for the night by a party.  This would have been great information to give us when we called earlier that day don't you think?! We were pissed but not as pissed as if we had decided to come here for Dinner.  We got over it and went to Max Brenner for dessert which was great.  I don't know if this was the left hand not knowing what the right hand is doing but it left a really bad taste in our mouths.  Maybe we'll try it the next time we go...but there are so many other stellar choices in Vegas.
5	WOW!  My husband took me here for my birthday and it was fabulous.  For appetizer we had the stuffed lobster, delicious.  We ordered the ribeye and Kobe beef rib cap for the man course along with macaroni and cheese and another side of mushrooms.  The steaks were the best we have ever had, especially the Kobe.  Everything was seasoned to perfection.  The mac and cheese was very creamy with a crumb topping, divine.  I think the best part was our waiter, Matthew.  Talk about a professional!  Friendly, attentive, excellent.  Our water was kept filled, table cleared promptly between courses, heck he even picked up my husband napkin and refolded it when husband went to restroom.  It was almost like Matthew and his helper were Ninja waiters, all we had to do was think of something we wanted, and poof! They would appear as if they knew what we wanted before we did, so cool.They also gave my husband and I a complimentary glass of champagne for my birthday, very nice touch.This place hits it out of the park!  Perfect.My husband says its like they had the service fine tuned down to the molecular level
5	I was in Vegas this past Memorial Day Weekend on a business trip and happened to  stay in Paris. The restaurant was completely booked for a Sunday night so my coworker and I ate at the bar.We ordered the Kobe beef sliders for appetizers. The sliders were incredibly small, but definitely worth it.  It's easy to overcook sliders since the meat is so small but these were thick enough to still be juicy when you bite down.  Fish and chips were delicious.  The breading was light and crispy not thick and oily like many others.Beef short ribs were excellent. Cooked perfectly and melted in your mouth.  For dessert, we shared the decomposed cheesecake with blueberry compote.  This was not your Cheesecake Factory cheesecake.  All of the components were arranged in various parts of the plate. It was rich but not heavy, a great ending to a heavy meal.
5	Just enjoyed a fabulous dinner here, Sunday June.17th/2012. Our server Olga was beyond amazing! She is what I would consider the pefection of GREAT customer service. The drink menu can be found on a iPad, you can view all drinks, there ingrediants, and make your order on it.We started with a platter of delicious breads- a walnut biscotti looking bread, a mushroom truffle oil baked puff bread, and a lemon loaf. From there our 3 drinks arrived- strawberry martini(super smooth), Primms Cup, and The HK Antioxidant.We chose to start with The Kobe beef sliders ($17 for 2, added a third for an additional $8) YUMMMY!!The three mains ordered- Roasted Beef Wellington $52 -served with glazed root vegetables, potato puree, red wine demi glace (The infamous, PERFECT!)Roasted Chicken Breast $30 -served with confit leg, apple butter, foie gras wild rice, tikki masala, crispy chicken skin (Super moist)Fisherman's Grill $48 -served with maine lobster, mussels, scallop, seasonal fish, vadouvan curry aioli (the seasonal fish was halibut, salmon, and i believe a portion of basa filet) Olga reminded us to save room for dessert as she had something special in mind! Thats a sure sign something amazing was coming our way, if we had the room to order it. Well let me tell you!! Holy god was it amazing!!Sticky Toffee with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream "Brown butter stick"I would go just to eat this again and again and again!
1	Be afraid!
5	Best meal that my wife and I ever had.  OMG. That was fantastic. Thanks for all the reviews.  It helped immensely.  Yelp rocks.Beet salad.  AwesomeFried fois grois   StupendousBeef Wellington for two. That was even better.  The true climax came with our 25th anniversary sticky toffee pudding.  It is a must.  And the service was also that good.
4	OH MY!!!!Appetizer:Half Dozen of oysters--who knew the little spicy soy sauce goes well with oysters? Smoke Beef Tartar--little too mustard spicy for me, too smoky, I had to force myself to finish....(minus half star)Onion Soup--Very thick and creamy and yummyEntree:Beef Wellington--supreme, it is like a piece of heaven in my mouth :)Lamb with shepherds' pie--OH YES! perfectly cookedambiance:too loud... can't hear ourselves...very hip decor, love it!!!!overall i LOVE IT!!!, I WILL COME BACK FOR SHOOOOO
4	As long as you love meWe could be starvingWe could be homelessWe could be broke at...GORDON RAMSAY STEAK! - Biebs (as long as you love me)This place just debuted in May and it wasn't open the last time I was there not too long ago so I was excited that there was a new restaurant with a headline television chef. I made reservations for friday night and while we still had to wait 20 mins to be seated, we got a really nice booth out of it so it was worth it. We started off with the pork belly appetizer, which was pretty good. The problem was that the bread and appetizer came out super fast and we had to wait a while for the steaks and the beef wellington. Granted, they told us it would be a long wait but we had to order Gordon's signature dish from 'hell's kitchen.' In addition to the kobe beef filets and beef wellington, we added foie gras to our entrees and fire corn and spinach on the side. I will miss the foie gras in california soon, but I won't miss the corn and the salty spinach. The steaks were sooo tender and juicy, and the beef wellington was a mouthful of goodness. All in all, the main dishes were excellent but the side dishes and everything else were less than average for a fine dining steakhouse. I think they don't focus enough on the sides so there's definitely room for improvement in this area. However, service was pretty sweet and entertaining at the same time so I will bump my overall rating by a point.Food: 4 stars --- Service: 4.5 stars --- Atmosphere: 5 stars --- Price(value): n/a
4	Ramsay's is one hell of an experience.  The food is fabulous, the decor is modern and fresh, and the overall service is perfect.  I loved every bite of this place, and the only thing that can sum up the whole restaurant, for me, is sticky toffee pudding.  You must have it.  It will haunt you in your dreams.
3	Was excited to finally try Ramsey's restaurant. I have been following the reviews on here since it opened. Got in on a Friday night sitting at the bar. Everyone seems to say the Beef Wellington is amazing. So I figured that would be a safe bet. Sadly it was bland city. I do not know if I was unlucky and had the lone poorly seasoned Wellington. Or possibly I was spoiled by eating at Fleur for lunch and having the most amazing meal of my trip there. The bartenders all kept asking me how it was, expecting me to say mind blowing apparently. The meat was lovely and soft. But sadly it was such a dull dish. My bartender was Alan. Cool guy. Very friendly. My drink was ok. The bread tray with the yummy butter and volcanic salt was good. One was amazing actually. The circle bread that was not truffled.Onto the great! Sticky Toffee Pudding. YUM!! Now that was delicious. I thoroughly enjoyed that. It helped the pain of paying 54$ for the wellington that was just ok. All in all it was an ok experience. The decor was cool. The service was great(I did get a dirty look for wearing sandals in but I didn't want to trek all the way back to my hotel. I would have done the same if I worked there to be honest lol) And the food was lackluster for the price. But many other reviews rave about the Wellington so maybe I did just get unlucky. But if you go you MUST get the Sticky Toffee pudding. As the bartender so perfectly put it, "Isn't it Sinful?" Perfect dessert for Sin City.
2	I was really amped up and ready for the best steak and meal of my life, based on the reviews from yelp I had seen and because well, it's Gordon Ramsay!  Sadly, was disappointed and won't be returning here.Tried to get reservations about a week in advance, but all they had was 10PM or later.  Considering we sometimes can be passed out in bed at that time in Vegas (depending on how the day drinking goes), we decided to risk it and opt to see if we could get a table in the lounge right at the opening time.  Well, it worked!!  We were able to get in right around 6PM when we walked up and needed a table for 4.  The atmosphere was pretty nice.  Great decor and the tables had this cool light on them.  Waitresses wear these sexy sequined short dresses, which made for good conversation and eye candy for the men.  I ordered a blueberry vodka and club soda, which was delicious.  The other 3 in my party didn't order anything to drink (husband was already drunk and the other couple don't really drink much).  However, looked like they had a great wine selection and they give it to you on an ipad, which was cool.As for what we ordered....my husband and the other guy with us both ordered the kobe steak, I ordered the salmon, my friend ordered the seafood platter.  For starters, I got the salad and one other person got the shrimp cocktail.  They were both fine.  Nothing to rave about and not disappointed there, really.  Then the food came out.  So my salmon was barely lukewarm in the center and had NO flavor whatsoever.  I ordered mushrooms on the side and they were "ok".  My husband's kobe steak (which was $80, I do believe!!) was "ok".  It was rarer than "medium" which was how he ordered it, but didn't want to send it back given the crowd and how long it might take.  It was good (I tried it), so don't get me wrong.  But I've had better steaks that were 1/2 the price.  He ordered the mashed potatotes on the side which were really delicious!  Go for it!  I would say the salmon was on the list of bottom 10 salmon dishes I have ever tried.  Maybe it was an "off" night or something for that dish.  I know they are known for the steaks, but....  Also, I don't even think the waitress ever came back and asked how the food tasted, or we might have told her some of this feedback.  Maybe she didn't ask because she knew.  hahaThe total bill was $425 for 4 of us (I had one cocktail and nobody else drank, so this was truly all food..no dessert for anyone either!)  Very pricey for "so so" food, in my opinion.  We have a chain restaurant called "Firebirds" here that I would go to everyday for steak and/or salmon before I went to Gordon Ramsay's.  Even if they were the same price I'd still choose Firebirds.Hopefully Gordon goes to his restaurant and experiences the place like we did. Then he'll yell at the chef and things will change for the better.  :-)
5	Impeccable, Excellent from start to finish!
4	9/6 @ 6pm Go straight for the entree the beef was very good - Mac and Cheese perfect!. Waiter was very knowledgeable about the entire menu. This was a perfect night for me and 2 of my employees. They really enjoyed their dinner and the service. I had the goose liver - Yum!
5	Let me start off by saying that I had a wonderful meal with my family at Gordon Ramsay's Steakhouse.We had a reservation for 5pm, and the hostess seated us right on time when the doors opened. We were then greeted by our waiter Matthew who showed us the ropes and was extremely pleasant and knowledgeable. Also serving us was a very nice man named Mohamadu who did not skip a beat when it came to refilling glasses and removing finished dishes; both he and Matthew had a great sense of humor and really made our party feel welcome and relaxed.To aid us in our drink selection the restaurant uses an Ipad with an interactive drink menu which really came in handy, giving us all a look at what each cocktail would look like when served. I was surprised with the ease of use of the device and everyone played with it a bit before ordering. We ordered a nice cabernet sauvignon, with the aid of the delightfully helpful and knowledgeable sommelier, and the HK antioxidant cocktail-- both were fantastic. Then, to aid us in our choice of steak (for those who wanted steak), the staff brought out a wonderful arrangement of cuts and Matthew gave us a quick but detailed description of each. This was fantastic, being able to see each cut and knowing exactly what you were going to get as you ordered!After placing our orders, a delicious assortment of specialty breads was served. Mohamadu noticed that we had all sampled the same kind of bread, and without a moments noticed had returned with an extra plate of just those breads; we all very much appreciated his keen attention to detail as we devoured them.The food arrived hot and prepared as ordered... to perfection. Every dish our group of 5 enjoyed was delectable and exceeded all expectations. Each of us ordered something different, so we sampled a good portion of the menu to include several different entrees, sides, and soup/salads. Especially delicious was the beef wellington, which is one of the steakhouse's specialties. Also I would like to point out how great the "mac'n'cheese" was - I would have never though macaroni could taste this good! After dinner we enjoyed a few of the desserts offered to include the cheese platter, and again we were not disappointed.As we all walked out, Matthew and Mohamadu shook our hands and thanked us as we passed by. We have all dined at several other high-end restaurants in Las Vegas and never once had service like this. Many other dining spots in the area have exceptional food, but none have the atmosphere and care; you feel like a guest in someone's home.So to sum it all up, my party and I thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere, service, food and drinks ordered. Each dish was cooked to order and all were seasoned deliciously. The service was second to none, and if you want a sure bet for wonderful service I would definitely recommend asking for Matthew and Mohamadu by name... they won't disappoint!
5	By far one of the best dinners of my life. It was absolutely delicious! Our waiter was great and the atmosphere was fantastic.  I can't wait to go again.
1	Great looking restaurant, beautiful seating attendants, wonderful vibe, ........food - terrible!Our steaks were tough and lacked flavor, my $38 lobster tail was overcooked and rubbery, and the $6 steak sauces were below average.  Salads and sides were VERY small compared to other restaurants - especially given the cost.  I'm a huge chocolate fan but couldn't finish the very small portion of cake provided due to the lack of flavor or any sense of gratification - its hard to ruin chocolate but they somehow managed to do so.WAY over priced!!!  Three drinks (tea, coke, cocktail), two very small ceasars, two very small sides, two filets, one lobster tail, two desserts - about $350.  Also two different prices and we were up-charged for lack of some rewards program - really??  Is the food here about the food or some frequent flyer program?  All I wanted was a great meal.  Not to feel like I was getting reamed further for lack of  casino rewards participation.  Let the food stand for itself and not some marketing scheme.For all the talk and presentation about the meat here, it was the worst I've ever had on the strip.   I felt I was definitely paying for the "celebrity" and not the "chef" in this case.Beso and Delmonico were SIGNIFICANTLY better.One star for the toffee bread pudding.
5	OMG let me start off by saying what a pleasure it was to dine at this fine establishment. Gordon Ramsay does not disappoint. We came on the 20th day the restaurant was open. heard he was there in person during the first week but wasnt there while we were dining BOOOOO! =[ the meat trolly they push to show case their meat is amazing, great visual if your indecisive about what you want. they had great wine and alcohol selection too bad the hubby and i had been drinking non-stop all weekend already and was no longer in any mood to drink anymore. they put their drinks menu on ipad like CUT. the service was impeccable! nothing short of stellar and attentive service! and  there was a tasting menu and if you do the tasting you get a special tasting menu with chef ramsays picture and autograph so of course that was a no brainer choice RIGHT? lol however the only way i could do the tasting is if the hubby also ordered the tasting and the hubby HATES tasting menu with a passion. he got quite upset and did the tasting with me although i insisted it would be okay and we didnt have to do a tasting. the great customer service really help the hubby become less grumpy about having to eat another tasting! lol we also ordered the oyster, the ale french onion soup and the foie gras. oyster and foie gras was unbelievably good. the onion soup i felt it was overpowered by the ale that i couldnt really taste anything but the ale. the hubby didnt enjoy it either. another great option is that you could order lobster along side your steak. for the tasting menu it started with a beet salad. the hubby complained there was no lettuce what so ever and how could it be a salad without lettuce. lol then next course was the asparagus soup, it was super yummy! finally the main was the beef wellington something ive wanting to try since the first season of hells kitchen. it was delicious except it lacked in presentation the crust was falling off the meat when it arrive and i hadnt even touched it yet. bummer! for dessert we panna cotta it was delicious but ive had it better at alexanders. =D dinner for two plus tip was 425. not too bad cant wait to return!
4	This review is for June 20th.The Good:The servers we had during our visit would get 6 stars if I could give it.  They were knowledgeable, accommodating, spot on with recommendations for food and wine pairings.Flavors of the food were bold and mouth watering.  It sounds weird, but things like mushrooms actually tasted like mushrooms.  It probably comes from Gordon making sure everything is seasoned perfectly like on his shows.The bread was a wonderful treat for the palate.  My favorite had to be the bread that looked like mini cinnamon rolls (without the frosting) and flavored with mushrooms or smoked pork belly.We had the shellfish platter.  All of the seafood was fresh on a serving platter made of ice to keep it cold.  There were a few items that had a tomato jelly infused with sriracha and a few others with lemon and mint.  The both worked well with their items.  The rest had a few dipping sauces that complimented them beautifully.Best thing we had all night was our dessert.  We had  the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream as a few other reviewers suggested.  Perfectly sweet and rich and to die for with a cup of coffee.  I hope that one could get just that for take out, it is worth it.The Bad:The steak.....our table had a beef wellington and a bone in rib eye.  Both steaks were supposed to be medium rare but ended up more on the rare side.  The seasoning was lacking on both steaks.  It is a shame that they started with an exceptional aged steak beforehand and turned it into an above average product. They were offering a chef tasting menu with beef wellington and a couple of other sides, and a  limited edition signed picture of Gordon Ramsay of which they are supposed to do maybe 830.  I was already thinking of trying the famous beef wellington so in my mind I am thinking sure why not?  The waiter explains though, that if I get the tasting menu, then everyone at the table has to get it as well.  What?!!  They are not going to be selling lots of those if that is the catch.Overall:Almost all of the food was wonderful but the steak.  And being as the name of the restaurant has steak in it, therefore the four stars.  I will try it again in the future when it has been open for a while.
4	I can't say my Rib Eye for one was the best tasting steak I ever had  - probably because I had two of the best tasting vodka martinis before my meal arrived. I can say the place is cool and the presentation is pretty smooth.Seemed liked the servers were trying a little too hard to upsale everything to increase the bill and tip.  Nice guys however. i especially enjoyed the cute little hostess who made you feel right at home. Two story place was large enough to seat many people. Nice bar down below and great view from the second floor. Anyplace that charges $45 for fish and chips is way over priced. if you have the extra cash and you are looking to stay close to home while you are staying sat the Paris hotel then i guess this would be a good place to try. Be prepared a few hundred dollars even for two.
5	My wife and I wanted to have our anniversary dinner at GR Steak and let me tell you... it was fantastic! We were brought in on schedule at 6:30. We were given some interesting details about decor as we were taken to our table. Unfortunately the table was in a dark corner on the first floor with a wall for my view. I politely asked if we could get another table and our request was granted without hesitation... a table at the bottom of the stairs with a perfect view of the action. Our waiter Alex was excellent... answering every question we had and not making us feel rushed. We ordered wine and the chorizo stuffed lobster tail for an app and it was outstanding! Next we ordered our entrees... the rib cap for me and the infamous beef wellington for my wife. The rib cap was amazing as well as the wellington... melts in your mouth. My wife and I got the asparagus and mac and cheese for sides respectively... and let me tell you it was the best mac and cheese Ive ever had! Then it gets better... dessert is sticky toffee pudding... omg... I have never tasted any dessert that can even come close to the synergy of flavors that Chef Ramsay gave me. All I can say is Chef Ramsay delivers on all levels... from the food... to the service... to the atmosphere... this is an experience that you will never forget!... ever!
5	Gordon Ramsay Steak will now always hold a special place in my heart. My boyfriend and I dined on a Tuesday at 7:30 (making reservations a month in advance), and were seated at about 7:45. The hostess gave us a tour (explaining the decor) on the way up to our table on the balcony, which we thought was cool. We didn't order any alcoholic beverages or appetizers, we just cut to the chase. I ordered the infamous Beef Wellington, and my sweetie ordered the Fisherman's Grill, with a side of truffle macaroni and cheese. We waited about 30-45 minutes for dinner, which during that time my sweetie asked me a VERY important question ;). Dinner finally arrived...and it was WONDERFUL! The Beef Wellington was like butter! Fork tender! My Guy's seafood was excellent as well, cooked to perfection. For desert I ordered the toffee pudding with the brown butter ice cream. It was practically drool worthy! Needless to say, I highly recommend Gordon Ramsay Steak. Oh, and by the way, I SAID YES! :)
3	I have been wanting to try one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurant! Overall I thought it was OK! The resturant was very pretty/nice inside. There were no available dining seats when we came, so we sat in the bar/ self seating area, which i actually didn't mind at all. We had a cute little table and were able to sit side by side on a booth :) Our waitress was very sweet, full of smiles and definitely did her best to take care of us. The food I thought was ok. It was presentable but quality wise, I was hoping for better. We ordered the Fisherman's Grill (Seafood platter). I enjoyed the Scallop & lobster the best, the mussel was the size of a little dime and the fish was a bit bland. Our Steak, ordered medium rare, was very chewy & had a lot of fat on it, which kind of grossed me out. We didn't have time to get dessert, maybe next time!! Overall experience, I thought the service was great! & the food could of been much better :) Maybe next time we can order a different dish?
3	Although I liked this resturant, it got off to a little shaky start when we showed up at 8:40pm, early for our 9pm reservation, and we didn't get shown to our table until a little past 9:30pm.They were nice enough to send us to the bar to wait, only, all of the seats were taken, so we ended up going back outside the resturant and waiting in the casino.I definitely felt that the food was over priced for the portion sized received, although it was cooked to perfection.Overall, my first and last visit to Gordon Ramsay steak was adequate.
5	BEST MEAL EVER. I have dined all over the world in many fine dining establishments but I have never had a flawless meal until I ate at Gordon Ramsay's Steak. I am not just saying this because I am a fan of some TV show. From the bread to the dessert, this dinner was amazing. First of all, the place is stylish and modern, the bar staff is dressed in classic blue shirts with french cuffs and red ties. The waitresses wear black dresses and were all very helpful and friendly. The music is lively but allows for conversation. The bread plate had three types of bread, an olive oil laced soft italian slice, a roll with pancetta and another roll with figs and something else delicious. My friend said the pork belly melted in his mouth and my shrimp were fresh and plump. The bone in rib eye was cooked perfectly and had a delicious char. The peppercorn sauce on the side came in a little pot and highlighted the flavors of the steak and did not overpower it.  My friend had the cafe de paris butter and said it was "lovely". The side dishes also complemented the steak but were delicious on their own. We had the spinach with cheese and parmesan cream, the fire roasted corn and the colcannon croquettes. After all that, I did not think I could have dessert, however, I was persuaded by my friend who wanted to try a couple of things. Michelle suggested we have the sticky toffee pudding but my friend chose two other items. After an amazing encounter with lemon tea cakes with tea infused ice cream and some spotted dick (don't laugh!) with cardamom infused ice cream, my friend declared that he had just had the best ice cream ever. Just then, the General Manager (Jean Philippe) refused to let us leave without trying the Sticky Toffee Pudding. We were too full to eat but was so insistent and kind enough to bring it out. We dove in. First of all, I am not a dessert person. HOWEVER, I nearly stabbed my friend's hand to get to the last spoonful! ALSO, the formerly two best ice creams we had ever had moments earlier were TOPPED by the BUTTER ice cream which accompanied the pudding. I cannot wait to get back to Vegas to visit Gordon Ramsay's Steak. I may have to move there! Thanks to Jean Philippe and Michelle and thanks to Gordon Ramsay and Chef de Cuisine, Kevin Hee!
5	The restaurant was really nice and the waiters came around frequently asking how everything was. When you sit down, an iPad is delivered to your table where you can make meal/drink choices, awesome! My husband and I ordered the beef wellington for two and it was mouth watering delicious! We are going to have trouble finding one to top this, if it's even possible! Definitely recommend this restaurant if you have a couple hundred dollars to spare :)
2	This place tries too hard and ends up seeming ridiculously tacky instead. - The men who filled our glasses refuse to speak anything but french to me. But dude spoke english at the end of the night.- Service was bad. Lots of waiting.- While the meat is clearly a decent cut, it was over-seasoned and cooked unevenly. - Overpriced for what it is.If you want better steak and better service for half the price, I highly recommend The Capital Grille. The difference is quite apparent.
5	OK...so if you try this place, you only need to know 3 words... STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING!  Oh it was heaven!  I was in Vegas for a week, had reservations one night...and then went back and ate in the bar on a following night.  The first night my hubby and me split the Porterhouse...FANTASTIC idea, it was soooo good, portioned and cut nicely.  The second time I tried the Wellington, because everyone else said to... I am not a wellington fan...so I wasn't thrilled, but never have been with wellington.  I strongly suggest trying the Macaroni and Cheese...it is definitely not out of a blue box!  Next time I go, i just want to belly up to the bar with a HK Antioxidant, a side of Mac and Cheese, and some Sticky Toffee Pudding...and I will be good to go! YUM!
5	Astoundingly good.  Came here for my 30th birthday and had one of the best steaks of my life.  My bone-in ribeye was perfectly cooked and an amazing cut of steak.  Topped with a generous portion of seared foie gras I really can't recall ever having a better steak.  The bread service was great, and the cocktails were all perfect.  Good beer selection as well.  I couldn't care less about this being a "Gordon Ramsay" restaurant but if you're in Vegas and would like a great steak you could do a lot worse.  Just note that this place has a loud clubby atmosphere, so if you're looking for a quiet dinner this isn't your place.
5	My boyfriend and i love Gordon ramsey and all of his UK cooking shows, especially F word.  We were thrilled to be staying in Vegas at Paris where the new Gordon ramsey steak just opened. We shared the Caesar salad to start and Brian had the Strawberry martini. Best Caesar, great martini. Next we both had the Beef Wellington. Gamechanger! If you are in Vegas, stop reading this review and go to Gordon. The food is worth the price, and the waitstaff was fantastic as well. Olga from Siberia was a great waitress, I love a server with that right blend of spunk and professionalism, we had lots of fun! Overall, amazing experience and i will be dreaming about eating here again!  I can't say enough good things about Gordon, Yum!
4	We arrived early and was able to sit at the bar and looked at the surroundings, which was pretty neat. I was amazed the prices of the wine by the glass was a decent price!We were sat at our table On Time and was near the kitchen so I got to watch some expediting and smell everything coming out of that kitchen. Loved the presentation of the meats, it looked fricken good. Had the beef wellington and the bone marrow. I grew up eating bone marrow, it was our dessert waaay back when. But to quote Mr. Ramsey, keep it simple. It had too much olive oil and what ever else spice, it over powered the rich delicious marrow. The service was very good and friendly. Except the wine sommelier just poured the wine without saying anything of the wine I ordered...thats not good at all. I use to explain the wine I poured to make sure the guest was getting the right wine and give some information of the wine...simple huh??Everyone left content and with a good feeling. Aloha
1	This is a rating in service only.  Jersey Boys let out a bit late, had a res for 8:30, arrived at 8:46, they gave our res away at 8:45.  We were told that those are their rules and sorry.  They could get us in two hours later, even when they were told it was an anniversary at booking.  Nice job Gordon, rules like these will make you less successful.
5	My husband and I went to Gordon Ramsey's with my parents and had one of the best meals we've ever had. We started with the sidecar and the drifter for cocktails - amazing! For the appetizer we had the lobster and crab , both delicious.  The asparagus soup is a definite must try.  Maiden course we had the Kobe filet - out of this world.  Sides were the Mac n cheese and asparagus, amazing as well.  Be sure to ask for the ABC spoons with your coffee. They are little shots of amaretto, baileys, and chambord inside of milk, dark, and white chocolate.  The panacotta for dessert was the perfect ending.  We will definitely eat here on every visit to Vegas.  Loved it.
5	Definitely worth it, between two of us we had the Kobe filet, prime rib, Mac and cheese, baked potato, bread pudding, and the terra cotta. Everything surpassed our expectations and even though I do not like desserts typically the pudding was awesome! The terra cotta was good but way too sweet to finish. Would go back any chance I could get
2	I was not impressed with this place. First we got seated in a corner with other couples who's tables were little too close. Service was ok they often come back to refill your drink, water was good. Bread was flavorful, quality was good. First ordered kobe beef slider for appetizer, small bite size but decent flavor.  Ordered kurobuta double pork chop which was the most disappointing entre ever. It had NO flavor but a piece of meat in this big fancy plate. Even I could have seasoned it better than this!!! Asked for some sauce to go with it , not even the sauce was good just tasted like regular BBQ sauce. Roast beef Wellington was better but didn't have that wow factor for a signature dish. Made reservation and mentioned that it was for a bday prior to dinner, but no cake served. Definitely was not worth the money.
5	I don't give out 5 stars very often!7:30 reservation, approached the podium and they initially kept asking my name, spelling etc., reason was they couldn't find my reservation. They discovered that my party (the other 4) had already been seated. I know I was considerably closer to the restaurant than they were and expressed amazement that they beat me, but anway was escorted upstairs to be seated along with the party of 5. I didn't know them... We went back to the podium and ascertained that they had hijacked my reservation, probably by glancing at the computer screen and claiming to be me - they did use my name exactly and knew the time. I was 5 minutes late, that may have been their clue to take advantage, thinking from the monitor that we would be a no-show. Not likely - they require a non-refundable deposit for a table. "May I watch while Gordon kicks them out?", I joked, but I did ask them seriously if they would show them door, and they said that they would not, so I didn't get the satisfaction, limiting my retaliation to a dirty look later at their table which I figured would make them know that I knew. So what do you think is the correct way to handle this?Seated in the balcony area, the entire layout reminded us of Hell's Kitchen. Drinks displayed on an iPad - cool. No children's menu but some choices were offered, daughter went with the mac and cheese.Dress code: Everything was there, I'd say anything goes.Waitresses: Gorgeous, and cute short dresses.The bread basket - fantastic, and waiter generously offered to give more of our favorites. The rolls that look like little cinammon rolls (pancetta and fig within we were told) had a delightful smoky taste and the butter sprinkled with... something... but wonderful.I ordered the Casear salad. Thank God I did, it was the most fantastic tangy Caesar dressing, served simply on whole Romaine leaves with crouton, fantastic. Wife had the onion soup and it brought her to her knees.Steaks were perfect (standard filet i.e. not the Kobe). Perfect temperature, perfect char, perfect doneness, perfect tenderness, perfect taste. Better than any steak I had ever had? No - but as good as it gets.Side: I recommend the mashed potatoes. Everyone liked the mac and cheese a lot, but I didn't care for it as much - don't like blue cheese that much though it was not a strong taste.We passed on desert - went to Serendipity 3 instead on the 100+ degree day.Total tab came to $440 before tip including several glasses of wine, 4 adults and daughter's mac and cheese. Worth it? $80-$90 a head to dine at a restaurant with perfect ambiance, perfect service, perfect food, and appreciation that the great Gordon Ramsay practices what he preaches? Yes, absolutely, will probably go there whenever we are in Vegas.
4	Excellent food and service.  Charles is an excellent food enthusiast, so request him as your waiter.  We celebrated our anniversary here, and enjoyed every course.
4	8:15 reservation but didn't get seated until 8:45 on July 4th. Waited in the bar and tried the HK antioxident.... too expensive for what it was. A bad start since we were starving, but from then on the dinner was wonderful. The steaks (filet..not Kobe) was nothing special compared to other steakhouses in the area like Cut or Mon ami Gabi, but the beef wellington was something different and was cooked perfectly. What I really enjoyed was the bread that came out before the meal, since there was a unique assortment all of which were great, and the quality of service the staff gave during the dinner. The presentation of meats, constant but not too pushiness of the waiters checking up on us and visual presentations such as the Ipad wine list were all nice touches.My Wife and I shared a salad which they brought it out on two separate plates with full presentation still in tact. Sitting up in the balcony is a little tight, but being able to people watch was quite fun.So my only complaints was the wait, an excessive char on the petite filet and I really wish they used a hot plate for steaks.. I'm a real proponent of that these days.I'll be back for that Wellington and bread but not the steaks.
5	Went to Gordon Ramsay Steak for our anniversary. It may have been the best meal we ever had!  The Kobe Rib Cap was the most amazing and flavorful piece of meat I ever had!  Everything was perfect. Our waiter, Abraham, was the best. The sommmelier  (wine guy) was very helpful and unpretentious .  A very high end meal, but worth it!  We live in Vegas and have gone to many, many restaurants and this is absolutely the best meal ever! We will definitely be returning !
5	I've eaten at alot of steak houses, and I can tell you that my experience at Gordon Ramsey Steak ranks as one of the best, if not the best dining experiences I've ever had.  It is more than just a steak house.  The wait staff was spot on.  The food was spectacular.  Everything about the restaurant screamed high end casual dining, yet very welcoming.  The Roasted Beef Wellington, was one of the best meals I've ever had.  The filet mignon was buttery tender, and it was seasoned just right.  You could tell from the first bite of food, that the food was the freshest possible, and that quality was a top priority.  The kitchen is open, so that the customers can see their food cooked, and the head chef was very visible.  You could see him tasting all the food to make sure the quality of everything served was up to par, and you could see him lead the cooking and wait staff.The food was some of the best I've ever tasted, and it will be a regular dining stop for me whenever I'm in Las Vegas.
5	Ok, I'm not going to write a long review because if you've been to Vegas & have been to Gordon Ramsay Steak, you KNOW how great this restaurant is! If you haven't, this place is a must stop!Beef Wellington - AmazingPan-seared Foi Gras - Melts like butterDemi-Glazed Bone Marrow - So flavorful & a perfect compliment to the wellingtonSmoked Beef Tartare - The perfect appetizer. The chips you eat with the beef tartare are perfectly seasoned & gives it a a nice little crunch.In the words of Gordon Ramsay, the food is "spot on" & "absolutely delicious."Also, the waitstaff are very professional, knowledgeable, & make great recommendations.  The price of the meal is well worth the entire dining experience: food, service, & ambiance. Just note that if you plan on dining at the restaurant, you are required to RSVP 3 days in advance!!
1	LOUD, the music is far too loud. We asked the staff if it was always this way and they said yes, and that many people complain about it. Mr. Ramsay pays such attention to detail, right down to the red zippers on the hostess' dresses, yet assaults our sense of hearing with deafening techno. Why?If he has a reason I'm all ears.The wait staff were all superb. There is not one detail that has not been addressed.  To be insanely picky, the actual food delivery could have been nicer, I mean how the plates are presented. Yes these things matter, they all add to the sense of formality one would want when going to a fancy dinner.The mirrored "meat cart" is a very good idea in theory, however in its execution I have to say it looks rather silly. I am sure many hours were spent designing and crafting it, but I think it looks cheap. It does not fit in well with the rest of the decor, at least while sitting at a table trying to hear (over the loud music) what the waiter is showing and describing.The ingredients were fresh, aged meat very nice, asparagus soup terrific, short ribs fell right off the bone, pork chop among the best, but at most the food is 3.5 stars. Something was missing.  Nice try
3	I really wanted to give this restaurant 5 stars because of the price, but I was not a fan of most of what I tasted, so three stars it is. The presentation of the food was stunning. The wine list was presented on an iPad which was a nice touch. The bread they brought at the start was to die for. It was so good that we ordered another round! Next, I shared the Kobe sliders as an appetizer. It was advertised as having Cheddar and caramelized onions, but all I could taste was the mustard seed seasoning. I am not a mustard fan, and after about three bites I was done. Next I got the beef Wellington which is the whole reason I was excited to go there. Again, all I could taste was the mustard seed seasoning in the beef. I was very disappointed. The pastry and the garnishes on the plate were delicious, so I just ate those. I also got a side of macaroni and cheese which was passable, but the taste of the blue cheese was a little overpowering. Dessert was cheesecake, which was flavored with lemon for some reason. It came with strawberries and blueberries so there was no reason for it to be "enhanced" with lemon. Overall, it was a fun (albeit expensive) experience. Perhaps my palette is unrefined, but I can't see how covering up beef with mustard is ever a good idea. Unless you like mustard, I guess.
4	Best. Meal. Ever. I love you, Gordon! The only reason I did not give 5 stars is because we had to wait 40 minutes to be seated (and we had reservations), and they crammed 5 of us into a 4 top. Not cool. The waitestaff was very good and attentive and professional.About the meal- I had sea bass- just ridiculously, melt in your mouth, fantastic. Also had mac n' cheese (stellar- is that truffle I detect?), mushrooms (yes, please), and stole some baked potato (buttery and yum!).My dinner companions all had steak- a fllet, which was HUGE, and the other 3 had a fatty steak. (Sorry, can't remember which one.) They were also huge and no one could finish their entire steak. In hindsight, they should have split 2 steaks and we could have saved some money. The only complaint I heard was from my 75-year old father-in-law who said his steak was fatty. Well duh. Next time order a filet!But, all in all, a fantastic meal. I only wish we had more time to enjoy as we had to rush off to a show and missed dessert.Will be back next time with plenty of time and a big appetite.
5	This was by far the best dining experience I've ever had. One of the things that stood out the most was the service we received from our server, Mathew.  From the moment we sat down he did an amazing job making us feel like we were the only table in the restaurant. He also introduced me to a new beer that has quickly made its way to the front of my beer fridge (La Fin Du Monde.  Of course, going into Gordon Ramsay's you expect GREAT food - and it didn't disappoint.  I had the New York Strip and it was cooked to perfection, as were the rest of the entrees of the others in our party.
4	For our anniversary, the Misses and I went to the new Gordon Ramsey Steak. Overall, the experience was great but not quite five stars.We began by ordering our drinks from an Ipad. This definitely added a fun twist to the experience. However, it also ensures that there will be no misunderstandings of drink orders. Both were $14, a bit much but they went down quite smooth. We were seated next to the kitchen. A la Hell's Kitchen, the cooks work within view of their diners. No screams of "this is RAW"; instead, we got to see each fancy dish get made!Our waiter was very attentive - his first question: "are you a fan of Hell's Kitchen?" When we affirmed this, he laid down a special prix fixe menu and left for a few minutes. *Hint - avoid the menu unless a signed commemorative menu is worth $135 per person!Instead we settled on Beef Wellington for Two. The meat was moist and red in the center - leaving a great after-taste. Combined with a gouda and ham baked potato and asparagus topped with morels, we had a delicious dinner. However, prices were not cheap (even by steakhouse standards). Furthermore, our waiter seemed hell-bent on selling us a bottle of wine. He kept emphasizing the cheapest Robert Mondavi (for ONLY $64).Despite such pushiness to the point of unfriendliness, the bottled water was by far enough. Another waiter explained that the restaurant orders 3/4 of the bottling company's annual production. If you want to try it, you better visit the restaurant!Finally, make sure to sign up for Total Rewards. The card leads to lower prices on most entrees.
4	Went here on a Saturday night as an anniversary celebration dinner.  The meals we had here were superb.  From the lovely selection of bread, to our delectable appetizers, we started our meals off right.  I had the lobster with chorizo appetizer ($28), and my husband had the Caesar salad ($17).  The lobster was perfectly cooked and tender.  Strangely enough though, the chorizo was very mild and I couldn't really taste any typical chorizo flavor or spicy heat in it.  Maybe it was a more European version of chorizo?  My husband's Caesar salad came with a Scotch quail egg, which was perfectly crispy on the outside, yet light, with lots of flavor.We had the beef Wellington for two ($100), which took some time to get served to us, but it was worth it!  I savored every bite of the beef, packed with flavor, and the flaky pastry crust with mushroom paste covering the inside.  I decided to try the HK antioxidant cocktail ($14), which was smooth and refreshing.  The flavors were fruity and perfect together.While I enjoyed the meal, service was off.  For such a fine establishment where you are paying a lot of money for your meal I really expect nothing but friendliness and attentiveness from the wait staff.  For the most part, this was true.  However, our main server seemed disinterested and wasn't very friendly throughout the whole meal.  When it came to ordering dessert, we were so stuffed we couldn't possibly eat any more, but really wanted to take something back to the hotel with us for later.  We asked for the sticky toffee pudding to go, and initially our server wouldn't let us order it, because the ice cream would melt, he said.  We told him that we were heading right to our hotel room afterwards and the room had a freezer.  After some discussion, he finally said he could pack it up to go, but without the ice cream.  Once again, our room had a freezer, so the ice cream wouldn't melt, but whatever, we were OK with eating it without ice cream.  Eating it later on, perhaps that ice cream would have helped cut the very sweet nature of the dessert, for it was almost cloyingly sweet for my tastes.P.S.  If you have a Total Rewards casino card with any Harrah's-owned establishment, they give you a few dollars off each item you order, but if you pay with your rewards points, your total is based on the normal non-discount price.
5	One of the memorable meals I've had and I didn't even order an entree.I'm a big fan of Gordon Ramsay from the British version of Kitchen Nightmares. That guy -- the one from the U.K. show -- is awesome. I've briefly met Ramsay and gotten a couple of his cookbooks signed. But I've never eaten at a Ramsay restaurant.I had an evening to myself in Vegas but didn't really have the budget for a full-on expensive meal so I thought I would try to visit GRS to try something, just to have had the experience. As a solo diner, they seat you at the bar. No problem -- nice bar, great service. I ordered the Onion Soup. While I was waiting, a couple of locals sat down and it was there first time at Steak, as well. We chatted a bit. More on them later. The Onion Soup was stellar. Thick and slick and full of flavor. On the bar menu, they had a lower priced Fois Gras that came with in-house made English Muffins and jam. For a week or so, I dreamt about those English muffins. Forget your nooks and crannies, these were smaller than what you're used to but crisp on one side Fois Gras was amazing and the whole thing worked as a weird sort of PBJ assemblage. The couple next to me turned out to be the nicest people in the world They offered a couple of bites of their steak. I refused. They insisted. Okay! Sold! Two bites of the best steak I've ever tasted. Perfect, really. They also give me a sample of their dessert, which had a pour-on chocolate of some kind. Hi, diabetic coma!I ordered the coffee for desert. I thought it would be coffee. But no! It was French press coffee PLUS 3 spoons with chocolate labeled A B and C. Inside the spoons were were Amaretto, Bailey's and Chambord. You dip the spoon in the coffee, the chocolate melts and the liquor goes in the coffee. Amazing presentation.This was a totally worthwhile experience. Incredible meal, great service. Well played.
5	Fantastic drink and wine menu. Interesting appetizers and a real hand of care regarding the menu. One feels almost hugged by the combination of flavors. The Maine Lobster and chorizo appetizer is phenomenal. Bread choices before your meal are beautifully executed. At every turn, service is at the front of the wave of flavor.We had the Wellington and were not disappointed. The trolley of beef cuts is very interesting and customers get to see and hear where the meats are raised.The Sticky Toffee Pudding is the REAL DEAL and is served with a beautiful carmelized sugar ice cream. Coffees are served with chocolate/liqueur popsicles - a real extra touch.Staff are helpful and happy to be working in this fine establishment. I'd go spend another $200.
3	Ever since I heard almost a year ago that Gordon Ramsay was going to open a place in Vegas I just knew I had to put it at the top of my go to list.  After reading all the great reviews from travel websites, my expectations were as high as they could get. So were they met.... unfortunately not. Perhaps I had a bunch of f***in donkeys cooking my meal? Whatever the reason, Gordon Ramsey steakhouse was underwhelming for me. Let me start by saying the service was an impressive 5 stars. At any given time I had at least 2 or 3 staff waiting on the table, and all of them were outgoing, knowledgeable and totally professional. The highlight of the ordering process was the impressive meat carousel. Have you ever wished you could see Gordon Ramsays meat...now you can, wheeled out tableside on a cart in all its big and juicy glory..and the waitstaff can tell you all about it. I couldn't help but drool just a little at the site of this carousel filled with wonderful cuts of meat, however I had already made up my mind to order the famous Beef Wellington. Simone had a hard time deciding what to order so she made a meal out of three side dishes. Truffle Mac and Cheese, Grilled Asparagus and Tempura fried Haricot Verts ( Skinny Green Beans).  While waiting for our meal we were treated to an amazing bread assortment (this was actually my favorite part of the meal) The bread included Thyme & Rosemary Foccacia, a sticky bun thing filled with panchetta and another filled with shrooms, and a baguette bread with walnuts. On the side you get some fancy butter speckled with some fancy salt. Everything on the platter was so good I had seconds. Next came the Beef Wellington I was informed this was traditionally cooked medium rare, mine was actually closer to medium well, leading to an unfortunately tough piece of tenderloin baked between puff pastry and kinda bland mushroom pate. This was certainly not as good as I expected. Simone had a bit better luck, her Mac and Cheese was rich and creamy but was a bit overwhelming in the truffle mushroom flavor.  The asparagus was good and included morel mushrooms that were also pretty tasty but this was still an average dish. The green beans were also crunchy and tasty served with a Garlic Aoli, but again I've had better.  Gordon Ramsay is also famous (so I've been told) for his Sticky Toffee Bread Pudding, and this dish was the only one that really wowed me. The bread pudding was more like the best moistest cake you may ever eat and it was especially sweet and rich when drowned in the homemade caramel that is served with it. Also served with it is a deliciously sweet brown butter ice cream, this was so tasty I wish I could have had more.  This was a great ending to an only average meal. I so wanted to love Gordon Ramsey after all the hype but I walked away let down and surprised that the biggest let down off all was the steak. Only 3 stars for Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse.
5	We had a group of 17 guys for a bachelor party.  We had a reservation and were quickly seated in a private dining room.  With a group so large, we had a limited menu that we were allowed to choose from. I personally had the three courses of:- Yellow Fin Tuna with some sort of Daichon Radish and Lettuce salad mix.  This was amazing.  The tuna was sushi grade and melted in my mouth.  Great stuff.- Beef Wellington with potato puree and red win demi glace - absolutely amazing. This is Gordon Ramsay's signature dish...and the hype was met.  - Sticky Toffee Pudding - at this point I was so full that I didn't think there was any room for dessert.  I took a bite...and wow. Actually, I think I heard 17 "wows" or "oh my gods" all at once in the room.  Overall, this is one of the best meals I've had.  Definitely lives up to the hype and worth every penny.  The food was great and the staff was courteous and very attentive. I will be back.
4	While visiting Vegas for my boyfriends birthday, he decided he wanted to celebrate with dinner at Gordon Ramsey Steak.  We had 9:15 reservations but arrived early hoping to be seated before then.  Unfortunately we were not, but we had a great experience at the bar while we did wait.  The bartender was friendly and answered all of our questions, he asked us what our preferences were and made drink suggestions.  I unfortunately can't remember the name of the drinks, but they were delicious! We were seated at 9:15 and greeted by our very polite waiter and waitress.  They brought out a display of all of the different cuts of meat and explained each one to us, which I loved.  Now on to the food:Bread Plate: A great spread of different breads, there is one with fig in it that's amazing.  As much as you'll want to keep eating- DONT!  Save room for the good stuff.Appetizer: Market Green Salad & Pulled Pork Tortellini.  The salad was good, the tortellini was just OK..it was a bit hard.  Main: Myself and my cousin both ordered the American Kobe Rib Cap, which was recommended by both the bartender and the waiter.  My cousins husband ordered the beef wellington and my boyfriend ordered the 24oz bone in rib eye.  We were super excited when our meals came out.  Unfortunately my cousin and I are both very salt sensitive and found our rib caps to be over seasoned and WAY too salty.  The cut of meat was very good though.  If you're sensitive to salt...definitely mention that to them before ordering.  The beef wellington was delicious, as was the rib-eye.  Both cooked and seasoned to perfection.  Sides: Sauteed spinach, potato puree,  mac & cheese.  The mac and cheese and potato puree were both amazing.  I wish I had more room to finish them...I would have licked the plate.  The sauteed spinach is nothing special...we just wanted to add something green to the mix.  Since it was my boyfriends birthday, the waiter suggested a pudding with butter ice cream which didn't look very appetizing but was phenomenal.  A friendly waiter came over and sang happy birthday...beautifully!  Over all we had a great night, the super salty Rib Cap didn't ruin it for me enough to give it any less than 4 stars, I just know to order another cut of meat next time.  The bill came to about $500 with the tip for 4 people.  Not surprising for a nice steak house, and worth it.
5	Decided to drop by even without a reservation since I was alone for a conference. They had seating available at the bar and I took a few minutes going through the menu. I started with the smoked beef tartare, which was topped with a quail egg. The dish comes out with a lid on it, and when they uncover it, a nice misty smoke comes out to enhance the presentation. Served with some seasoned chips, this was a great dish to start with. The people around me who had the foie gras claimed that was amazing as well.On to the main course, I opted out of my usual huge rib eye. Amanda and Alan were working the bar, and after consulting their expertise, I instead went with the 8oz rib cap cooked medium rare with mac and cheese. The steak even at 8oz was definitely enough of a portion to fill me up, and I've wolfed down the 33oz at Mastro's on multiple occasions. The steak was lightly seasoned, allowing for the full flavor of the meat to be enjoyed with each bite. It was also cooked perfectly at medium rare...not medium...or rare like some places end up doing. As for the mac and cheese, I don't even really like mac and cheese and this dish was amazing. With truffle and a crispy top, I can say I am now a fan.Moving on to dessert, I didn't even have to look at the menu to know what to order. The reviews all say to get the sticky toffee pudding, and once again that was the suggestion from Amanda and Alan. Let me just say, MIND BLOWN! I have not come across a dessert in the same league. All the flavors blend together to form the perfect dish and the ice cream goes perfectly with the toffee soaked sponge cake.As a comprehensive look at the experience, the service was excellent, once again thanks to Amanda and Alan. I normally care more about the food and care little with regards to presentation, but in both cases GRS earned 5 stars. I will definitely be coming back with my friends so they can experience the awesomeness that is Gordon Ramsay Steak!Also remember to present your Total Rewards membership card for a few bucks off each dish. I signed up right before I walked in.
5	VERY nice elegant restaurant!!!---top notch!its GORDONS!(im a BiG FAN!)-- steak & salmon was perfect!everything was delicious...BEST dinner i ever HAD!
4	I came here tonight for a light dinner and a drink. I'm not a big fan of restaurants that have music blasting like it's a nightclub. If I can barely hear my bartender, it's probably far worse for those sitting at a regular table. Service was slow in the beginning but picked up after I placed my order. My drink of choice on this night was an English Side Car. It was a touch on the sweet side, because of the apricot jam. They brought out the (obligatory?) bread plate, which was awesomely delicious. The rolls were soft and flavorful. I really like the pinwheels.My dinner for the evening was the fois gras. Heavenly. Soft and fatty, sitting in a pool of duck fat and bacon bits, with brioche and strawberry jam.  Great contrasts in texture and flavors.  Highly illegal, criminal if you were to order and serve in California.
5	Let me start out with this place is top notch. My wife and I have gone to many top Steak houses like Ruth Chris' and Donovan's and so on. This place definitely exceeded my expectations as it should have. Before we ordered we were shown the different cuts of beef which was amazing!For starters the different type of bread that was given to us was top notch. I had the Kobe sliders. I love Kobe beef and this was some of the best succulent mouth watering Kobe I have had. My wife had the Asparagus Soup which I had a taste and it was really good.For the main course I had the famous Roasted Beef Wellington. My wife had the Beef Short Rib. Both of these were awesome. The Beef Wellington was cooked to perfection, medium rare. It was perfect. The Short Rib also was perfectly cooked at medium. The service was perfect. I hate it when I am bothered too much during my meal and not able to enjoy it. All in all this was perfect in every way.
3	So I couldn't understand why a British restaurant, which serves American food, is located in a Parisian themed casino.  Then in a weird way it was explained to me by the high class escort sitting nearby.  The entrance is cylindrical to represent the tunnel from France to the UK, into Gordon Ramsay's restaurant (which serves American cuisine). That might be a load of bull, but the food served here is not!  I just wanted something light, so I went with the 8oz filet and a side of the corn.  Both very tasty! The filet was slightly over cooked (ordered medium rare), but the flavor was not compromised, so I was not disappointed.  I was somewhat expecting a typical uptight steak restaurant, but was delighted to find a much more relaxed atmosphere.  So if you come casual, or dressed up, you will fit in.  It is still quite expensive however.Next time, I'll save room and chow down on some dessert.
5	Alright I had to create a Yelp! account just so I could write a review about Gordon Ramsay Steak! I'm not even gonna compare this place to any other over priced/overrated restaurant on the strip.... (most the steakhouses on the strip are a little stiff and unimpressive/ or just trying to hard). However the single greatest place to eat on the strip hands down, is Gordon Ramsay Steak. Amazing cocktails that were Huge and delicious.(English garden really cools you off after a day in the hot Vegas sun!!!)Maine Lobster tail stuffed with chorizo was perfect and reasonably priced(for a lobster tail on the strip!) The caesar salad with tiny little scotch quail eggs was the best salad ever with a twist on the classic. Asparagus soup was phenomenal with great presentation and unique combination of flavors. The bread was fantastic as everyone has been saying on here. (Truffle, prosciutto, and focaccia.) Now for the main course....... The single greatest steak of my life had to be the Kobe rib cap! When people say some crap steak from any other steakhouse melts in your mouth they have obviously never tasted this cause it actually melted in my mouth, not joking! I thought an 8 oz steak would be to small for me cause I'm a big guy but it was so rich, (maybe cause of the bone marrow my dumb ass got to put on top, however it was worth getting that too) I actually couldn't finish it. The bone-in dry aged rib eye was also phenomenal. Had such a nice distinct flavor to it from the dry aging that I almost couldn't decide which steak I liked more(rib cap won by a little bit). Sides were great we tried 3 (truffle mac, fingerling potato, creamed spinach) All complimented by a great bottle of wine from a rather nice wine list. But..... as good as dinner was and no matter how great the service from Mark was it was nothing compared to the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream!!!!!!! Holy $@%#!!!! Go eat here you will not be disappointed. And if you are disappointed,  you don't know what you are talking about(cause I went back the next night, got the same great service and the best lamb duo ever that even Charlie Palmer from Aureole would be jealous of and the best fish and chips ever!!!!)
5	I was in town for a conference and I tried to get reservations but had to sit at the bar instead. Since I travel about 200 days a year and eat out a great deal, I thought I was get the customary average service at the bar but I was in for a big surprise!I was impressed that all three bartenders, Alan, Amanda, and Oscar, were not only working as an experienced team, but they were extremely knowledgeable about food and wine. The recommendation was the asparagus soup, which was brilliant and went very well with the breads presented. I had the beef wellington (after you watch 1,000's cooked on Hell's Kitchen, what else are you supposed to have?) which was perfectly cooked. The sorbet was a perfect top-off to an enjoyable meal. By the time I left, I felt that Alan, Amanda, and Oscar were not there just to serve me wine and food but to help me enjoy the whole experience of Gordon Ramsay Steak.I guess you become a Michelin star chef by perfecting your cooking and an excellent restauranteur by hiring people like Alan, Amanda, and Oscar. Thank you for such a wonderful experience!
3	A lil disappointed with the food. I love GR!! The cocktail shrimp was tasteless and over cooked, very chewy. The Mac and cheese was tasteless I was looking for a pungent cheese flavor and got barely any flavor. The tempura green beans were the best out of the 3 sides but a lil salty for my taste. My Wellington was cooked perfectly but the mushroom sauce thing inside was too salty for me. The meat was delicious! The bone in ribeyes my boyfriend and cousin ate were too charred and too fatty so it was hard to take down. Overall I would rate this place 2.5 stars and it breaks my heart because I love Gordon and couldnt wait to visit this place :(
5	What a stellar experience.  There are many world-class restaurants in Las Vegas obviously, but few stand out so prominently as Gordon's.  My girlfriend and I are HUGE Gordon Ramsay fans and have been so for many years, but sadly, we've never been able to experience his cuisine.  It was exactly that, an experience.  The food was absolutely mind-blowing only to be tied with the unbelievable service we received from server (and when I say server, it was more like conductor of a fine symphony), Matthew K.    Upon entering through a London Underground like tunnel, the restaurant opens up into a beautifully stylized modern steakhouse.  While waiting for our table, we sat at the bar and were immediately greeted by a friendly bartender sporting two iPads with interactive drink menus.  Wow.  The drinks were as fantastic as the presentation.    We were seated shortly after ordering our drinks, and greeted by a cheery, fun-spirited server named Matthew.  That's when the real fun started.  Seeing our enthusiasm to see what Gordon had to offer, he recommended to us we try the limited edition tasting menu which featured a variety of tasting courses with the Beef Wellington as the main.  For the sake of keeping this review under 30 pages describing the beauty of each dish we were served, I'll say that EVERY course was even more amazing than the last.  We even added an extra course of the "fish and chips" (which calling that fish and chips is like calling Las Vegas itself just a city).  If I really had to pick two favorites, it would be the asparagus soup and of course the beef wellington.  Lastly, I am NOT a dessert eater, but the Tropical Panna Cotta just about blew me out of my chair and across the room.    The entire evening left us floating about a foot off the ground between the atmosphere, food, and service.  Completely made our entire weekend.  We will be going back  again and again and can't wait for the new GR pub opening in Caesar's this fall!Thanks Gordon & Matt!!!
5	call me a nerd... but it was like a dream come true to eat here.  I really kicked myself for not having made a reservation, the dining room was completely sold out! However, they have a first-come, first-serve lounge/bar area that will also serve the entire menu.  This actually ended up working out perfectly because we had a show to catch! The lounge area is very modern looking.. a waitress immediately greets you and presents you with an ipad which has all the drink details.  The wine list is extensive and actually a little overwhelming... that or I was just too excited to be there to focus...  sensing my indecisiveness, our waitress recommended a red blend, Prisoner.  It was a little shocking at $28 a glass but man, oh man, was it good.  And having overheard that we had a show to catch, our ever helpful waitress -who's name i wish i could remember- suggested we put in our orders ASAP because they were expecting a party of 70! We started with a shared caesar salad.  I usually steer clear of the caesar salads because I hate anchovies and have a pretty sensitive palate.. i couldn't taste any at all in this one.  It was just delicious with generous amounts of parmesan cheese and garlic croutons.  There were also some breaded quail eggs in there - i wasn't such a fan of those.  Also, the bread basket is freaken amazing, each piece of bread had such a unique taste to it.  I couldn't get enough!Now the main attraction: The Mother Effing Beef Wellington.  Holy crap was that thing good.  To quote a prior review, "life changing."  Go there.  Get the beef wellington.  just do it. I really really really wish we would have had time for dessert.  The sticky toffee pudding around us looked so mouth watering!until next time!
4	I gave this place four stars NOT because of the food.  That would have received 5 stars.  I gave it four stars for two reasons.  Allow me to explain:1. We had a magnum of wine we wanted to bring with us.  We specifically asked over the phone what the corkage fee was and if it was higher because the bottle was bigger.  They assured us it was not.  We were very pleased at this.  Only when we got there, they told us since it was the equivalent of 3.5 bottles, we would have to pay four corkage fees, for a grand total of $140.  Now, if that is your policy, fine.  But please have your staff tell patrons over the phone that this is the case.  When the person who came to tell us told us "he'd make it right," we assumed he would.  Well, the bill included the $140 fee.  They eventually did  "make it right and only charged us for one," but you would expect a place of this caliber to not make these mistakes.  I mean, I know that $140 for four bottles of decent wine at a steakhouse is still a steal, but it was the principle of the inconsistency that bothered me.2. The decor and vibe of the place is great!  Very hip.  LOVE the Union Jack on the roof and the music.  BUT ... if you go in a slightly larger party (we had 7), they might stick you in a stuffy, typical steakhouse room.  I was so disappointed.  I wanted to ask if we could be moved, but my party was being complacent, so I shut my mouth.  LOL  Just be aware of this - that if you are trying to go because it's NOT the typical steakhouse but go in a group, you might get stuck there.  If you don't want this, I would tell them when I make the reservation.  Having said this, the food was fantastic, as were the waiter and bus boy service. I agree that the commemorative and autographed Ramsay prix-fixe thing is a little tacky.  The fried blue point oysters were fantastic, as was the porterhouse for two (although it was a little cold).  The mac and cheese was also great, but anything that has truffle oil gets my vote.  The people at the table who had the famous beef wellington were impressed, and the sticky toffee pudding was amazing. Oh, and my martini had this olive in it with bacon added to the blue cheese olive (it might have had another cheese in it; can't remember .. bartender told me, but I forget).  Point is, it was delicious. I would definitely give Ramsay Steak a try if I was in Vegas.  I will probably go again just  in a smaller party.
2	Well i have been a Ramsey TV fan for so long when i heard he is opening a place in my town just down the street from my home, i am more than excited! I expected near perfection and when i stepped in this restaurant, i was immediately disappointed. Right at the front door, it reminded me of a loud disco and we know what that means. Well my observation was not under served when i was greeted with neon lights and extremely loud music. Don't get me wrong i love loud music , just not when i am having fine dining! The place was done is daring decor, daring but not tasteful. Everything was painted dark brown and accented with pink neon and stainless steel. I didn't know whether to start dancing or to order dinner. I mentioned the loud music to the waiter and it was comical, he stared at me and said " what!!!! "...i ask to speak to the manger and all he has to say was " yeah we get that a lot " and then walked away! no apology, no offer to turn the music down...just walked away!!! I think i would have got more reaction at Denny's! Well the menu is nice looking and sounds great, the drink menu is on an ipad and interactive, nice touch ! Silverware and settings are all of very chic design and felt good in my hand. Oh the food, with all these going on i almost forgot to mention...it is absolutely middle of the road forgettable, steak was flavorless and the side dishes aside from the corn was all but boring. I mean this is Gordon Ramsey not chuck the BBQ place ( sorry chuck , if there is such a place )The coffee service was nice with some unusual touches with  real chocolate dipping etc...dessert was average, nothing extraordinary...then came the bill...mind you my wife and i don't drink and we have had expensive dinners in Vegas weekly, and being in Vegas we are use to dinner for $300 at IL Molino, Twist at $200 plus per person,Joel Rubichon at $400 a person for prix fixe dinner was worth every dime. But this boring steak in a loud dizzying restaurant for $300 was simply a rip off. It is a Steak that is not tender, undercooked, and just plain flavorless. Botero at encore and Michael's at south point, even Flemings beat this place hands down. Not like good ole Gordon was there to shake hands, not like the seating was comfortable ( stiff wooden lined booth with a perfect 90 degree back, i think last time i sat in something like that was a church! ), all i can say is it is a pick up joint for trust fund baby's to show off what they think they know about food. Had Gordon been there, i would have done a Ramsey on him and ask him to practice what he preaches. Oh i almost forgot, it took 20 min for one cocktail and another 30 min for the salad and appetizer, the entire dinner took 2 1/2 hour , this is not a 6 course french, this is steak and macaroni and corn,what was that He yells at these chef's on TV all the time?? you must have it done in 15 minutes?? it must have been Scottish time!Oh you got that right, i would not be back. Not even if it was free, cause it was just a very unpleasant restaurant with loud music and my time was worth more to tolerate this for another 2 1/2 hour, u think next on the menu is buffalo wings and lap dance! That would be more fitting.
4	Once I booked my hotel for a weekend in Vegas, I immediately called Gordon Ramsay Steak to make reservations for dinner. I heard so many good things about the place, and my expectations were met.When you first enter the restaurant, the hostess takes the time to explain to you the setup and decor of the restaurant. Not long after we were seated, our waiter came up to us to give us menus. The waiter was friendly and knowledgeable. He took the time to explain to us all the different cuts of meat available while displaying a cart with huge slabs of each type of meat.We ended up ordering the Bone-In Rib Eye and Kobe Skirt, along with a side of Fingerling Potatoes and the Maine Lobster as an appetizer. Everything was delicious! Even the free bread (3 different kinds) was gourmet and not the typical cheap stuff. The lobster was stuffed with chorizo (yummy!) and the creamy sauce added nice flavors to it. We asked for both our entrees to be cooked medium, but the rib eye was little undercooked so we had to send it back. Aside from that, everything else about the rib eye and Kobe was great. I also enjoyed the truffle oil that was added to the crispy fingerling potatoes. Although we were full, we had to try at least one of the desserts and ordered the Banoffee. It was a delicious combination of banana (in small pastry tarts), toffee, and coffee ice cream. Although the food was great, the part that impressed me the most was the service. We had an early dinner at 5pm, but the restaurant got really crowded not long after we arrived. Despite this, we still received a lot of attention from our waiters. They were all friendly and polite, and often came by to wipe away crumbs or water on the table.The food here is pricey, but I wouldn't mind dining here every once in awhile when I'm in Vegas. It also depends on how much you order and plan to eat. Between the three of us, we had more than enough food to get full off of (came out to ~$65/person after tax and tip). Also, make sure you give them your Total Rewards card to save a couple dollars on each dish!
5	What can i honestly say about Gordon Ramsey Steak that hasn't been said before! I mean seriously....WOW.....just...........WOW! I have been meaning writing a review about GR for sometime now because i went back in mid June and had an absolute time there!First let me start off about getting there and finding this magical steak-land! So myself and 3 other friends planned our yearly trip to Las Vegas, and we were all looking forward to going, because all of us needed a vacation and get away from it all! As is tradition, every time we go to Vegas we always try out a new steak house, because come on, its Vegas! This year i was researching and planning where to go eat and which steakhouse to eat at. I decided on two, first was Mastro's at the Aria and The Strip House at Planet Hollywood, those were my only choices because Ive heard great things about them and wanted to try it. So a few days go by and I'm watching Hell's Kitchen on TV. and from there i always google what I'm watching for some strange reason, and unbeknown to me i saw a link under Hells Kitchen that said "Gordon Ramsey Steak Las Vegas", i was like "whaaaaaaaaaat?" I was excited and looked up the steakhouse and found that it looked amazing and we just had to try it! It was only 2 weeks away from our trip and i got right on the phone to make dinner reservations on a Tuesday at 8pm. From there we were set and ready to try Gordon Ramsey and experience what the hype was about because it just opened around May.So the day comes where we finally get to Vegas and our steakhouse awaited! We all got ready to out and dressed to impress, as is what you do in Las Vegas! SO now to finally talk about the restaurant haha! We arrive at our scheduled reservation time and the Host told us that their tables were running a little behind and we had to wait about 30 minutes. To be honest that's the only thing that bothered me, because you would think a place as esteem as Gordon Ramsey would not be irresponsible like that, but anyways the thing that saved it for me is that while we were waiting playing some roulette to kill time, the Host found us on the gaming floor and really tried his best to get us a table ASAP, and he did, he actually tried, which was amazing! we didn't even wait the 30 minutes as expected. We finally get seated and the service was already amazing! Our waiter was very well mannered and polite and was extremely attentive! We ordered our drinks from this really cool ipad menu which i thought was awesome! Kudos to that! We ordered a couple martinis and a bottle of wine, and i thought the coolest part was once you finished your glass, out of nowhere some ninja waiter with a bow tie spawns out of nowhere and refills your glass, i am not even kidding, he seriously just came out of nowhere hahaha! Now to the food- (Yes i know its a very long review, but this place is so amazing i just have to) I ordered the 24oz bone in ribeye medium rare with a side of foie gras and the mac and cheese, my other friend ordered the same thing except with a side of fingerling potatoes, another friend ordered the new york strip with a baked potato, and lastly my other friend order the beef wellington with sauteed mushrooms. Some time goes by and we finally get our food, and at first glance we just knew that this was going to be an amazing meal! My steak was cooked and chard to perfection, it was tender and juicy and very flavorful and i also tried to house made steakhouse which was a treat to me! Now the mac and cheese O.....M....G!!!! it was fantastic! it had truffles for God Sake! the steak was awesome but i could have survived on the mac and cheese alone, it was that amazing! It was just like that scene from Ratatouille when the critic takes a bite of the ratatouille and has this flashback of when he was a child, that's how it felt when i took a bite of the mac and cheese! I tried my friends sides and they were just as great! Everything from the food and service was just fantastic! Seeing how i took the time to write this review, it says that this place is worth going if you are ever in las Vegas! Now I'm going to end this review and i have a lot more to say, but it will eventually turn into a college thesis haha! Over all you must go! at least once in your life and you will truly not be disappointed! I give you my word on that, and i hope that would be enough..........
1	Not being a meat-eater, I decided to order the fish and chips. The fish was just ok; I have definitely had much better upscale fish and chips. While I love fries cooked with truffle oil, my French fries tasted like they had been fried in old, rancid oil. The worst part of the meal was the fact that our plates were taken away before we were done eating! We still had utensils in hand, chewing, etc. Three or 4 busboys /waiters descended upon our table so quickly, we didn't have time to say "WAIT or STOP!" before everything was taken away. No one EVER asked us if we were finished eating, and it was pretty obvious that we were not. I have always enjoyed watching Hell's Kitchen and other Gordon Ramsay shows. After this dining experience, I've lost my taste for them as well.
5	We sat at the bar and had drinks and appetizers which were wonderful.The staff were friendly and professional.The pork belly and the Kobe beef sliders were fantastic. Will defiantly return for dinner the next time.
5	My husband wanted to come to Gordon Ramsey Steak for a very special birthday because we are fans of his TV shows and wanted to see what his standards were like in real life.  We were not disappointed.  The food, drinks and service were excellent.  We started with two different soups, the beer based french onion and the asparagus with the parmesan custard and crab timbale.  Both were unique and delicious. My husband had the bone in rib eye steak with a peppercorn sauce and I had the signature beef wellington - med rare is how this is served so be careful if that isn't your preference.  The cosmopolitan cocktail I had there was one of the best I had in Las Vegas with fresh squeezed juice which makes all the difference.  Finally, we enjoyed the British flag painted on top of the ceiling with the red neon lightning coming out and the sort of loud but fun club kind of music playing.  It was a good time and we will definitely be back.  The hostesses at the front of the house need a bit more training though - not sure how they were planning on finding us in the casino if we hadn't checked back a couple of times.  Just cute isn't good enough - right Gordon?  This place is worth the price and we will definitely be back!
1	I tend to avoid writing negative reviews due to respect for the hard work and diligence from all the people who gain their living from an establishment. Unfortunately, our experience with the food at Gordon Ramsay's Steak was so disappointing that I feel it is a disservice to other readers not to post a warning among all other high praise reviews. Take heed. Our party lives and knows food [ successful home chefs] as well as being globally well travelled. We appreciate how difficult it is to get a well seasoned and perfectly cooked dish out from a busy kitchen. Most diners are oblivious, we are acutely aware of the skills required.  My chicken entree was visually delightful, but as dry as the sands at Death Valley. Really? It had to be washed down with water. I gave 3/4 of it to my husband to finish.  A roasted chicken at Costco is more succulent and flavorful. I am not being flippant. Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.  My husband's salmon was cooked perfectly and was of a superior type of salmon [ apologies to my Scandinavian  friends who know immediately] . However, it fell miserably flat as far as seasoning. [ We went to another restaurant in LA 2 days later who produced a seasoned salmon which made my husband genuflect in reverence]. The 3rd member of our party did throughly enjoy his short ribs. Bravo to the person who cooked it that evening [ 8/1/12]. Each of us found it personally offensive to be charged extra for a sauce option for any of the steak entrees. Diners beware. A filet mignon priced outlandishly high, demands an additional charge for any sauce. To our favorite Chicago Steak house restaurant readers, your eyeballs will pop out of your heads with dismay.The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite. Kudos to the designer. Our service was impeccable. That stated, I will eat in a hole in the wall for well crafted food. Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.
4	As a huge fan of Hells Kitchen and Kitchen Nightmares, I was looking forward to eating at Gordon's place.  I feel I can call him by his first name from my bill for 2 that I paid for dinner.  I was hoping to see if the winer of Hell's kitchen was in the kitchen but nothing.  Anyways, the food was outstanding.  I started with the Kobe sliders and then the filet.  My wife had the Beef wellington which looked better than it did on TV and was amazing.  That toffee sticky dessert was incredible.  Make sure you save room as you need to get that for dessert.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars was the music was tooooooooo loud.  I could not hear the waiter or hear my wife from across the table and if you get the sampling platter, you get a signed menu from him.  I tried to buy the menu but they would not sell it to me.  Why do I have to try something I do not want.  Had the wellington which was the only thing on the tasting menu that looked appetizing
4	Going to Steak was one of the most anticipated parts of our last vacation.  I have to say that Gordon Ramsay and his staff at Steak didn't let us down.  We started with some nice cocktails and appetizers.  The Caesar Salad was a perfect blend of dressing, cheese, and lettuce.  Sometimes places drown their salads to the point were it's more like a little lettuce with the order of dressing.  This was not the case at Steak.  We also had some heirloom tomatoes that were delicious.  I have always seen Beef Wellington on Hells Kitchen and was really looking forward to trying it.  Even with high expectations, I was very impressed.  I totally understand what they mean by flaky pastry and perfectly cooked meat.  The Beef was some of the most tender meat I've ever had.  My wife went with the bone in New York.  I was a little worried because she usually likes her beef cooked more on the well done side.  When she got it I was amazed at how much flavor was retained and how the searing was perfect.  As far as sides go, the Mac and Cheese was just the right amount of "cheesy" and the baked potatoes where HUGE!    My only real complaint (and hence the 4 star review) was that the waiting process to get seated seemed confusing.  We walked to the hostess station that was outside of the restaurant in the Casino and checked in.  We were told to go wait in the lounge but there wasn't much room in the lounge because there were quite a few other people waiting in there.  What was confusing was that the hostess who seated people wasn't the same one who checked us in.  So, they kept going around asking "did you have reservations?.....Oh I sorry we will be ready for you in a few more minutes."  Really, if I could figure out how to give a half star this would have been a 4 1/5 star rating.  If you're in Vegas and are a fan of Hells Kitchen it's awesome to go see the place they are competing for...or if you just want a great meal...you can't go wrong here.
5	My friend and I took a "girlfriends" week in Vegas and it was her idea to go to a celebrity chef restaurant.  We both gladly decided to go to Gordon Ramsay's Steak located in the Paris Hotel and Casino.  I can honestly say (and I've said this to everyone who has asked me) that this was the absolute BEST meal I've ever had in my life....I believe it was as close to PERFECT as any meal can be.  I started out with a vodka martini with these amazing "hamburger olives" which was a green olive cut in half and restuffed with Blue Cheese and Bacon....OMG!!!! I must have embarrassed myself with smiles because the waitress brought over an extra one saying that I had "too much fun with the first one."  I told her when it came time to order dinner that I would just go with the kitchen recommendation or the dish they were best known for, so that turned out to be the Beef Wellington.  It was truly the best think I've ever had!  The filet was perfection and the pastry was perfect!  While we waited for the entry, a plate of bread samples arrived which were amazing...I've been searching like crazy for the recipes ever since.  For dessert we split the Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter Ice Cream.....also a must!  The entire meal made my mouth water and kept me in a continuous smile.  The ambiance was so cool as you travel through the "tube" from Paris into London.  We sat in the bar as reservations were booked for 4 days straight, so don't dispair if you can't get a reservation.  The full menu is served in the bar and you just have to wait for a table which took all of about 10 minutes.I would recommend the exact meal I described here, but I trust that anything would be delicious and amazing!Enjoy!
5	The Ambiance is modern and upscale, yet intimate steakhouse. All steak selections are a la carte.  Wine selection was good, and a nice list of house cocktails. Our host was impeccable, answered all of our questions about wine, pairings, steaks and specialties. The Food: BEST mac & cheese I've ever had at a restaurant. I got the bone in Ribeye, it was perfect! Fresh, perfectly seasoned and cooked. Prices are high, but well worth it!
4	Squeezed in here by the fine hairs of my chin after the Celine concert at Ceasar's!! Delighted they let me in, seated in the loungey bar area, appreciating the May-opened first presence of someone that I actually oddly and inexplicably respect: Gordon Ramsay.He inspired a 2nt/3day jaunt to London a few years ago, in fact. The odd things I manage to do on a whim.No steak had I at 2230 in the evening, but the steak dishes of neighboring patrons digging in looked and smelled quite beefy!! Myself, asked the chef for a special. Am a humongous fan of Scotch eggs ( tribute to Ramsay's humble origins), and I have never had a quail egg prepared in that style. It being the amuse on the tasting menu, I actually got a "Yes", and it was made for me. Together with the $25 seared foie gras with pea sprouts, homemade berry compote, and the best mini homemade crumpets to write him and tell one's city about! Unfortunately, the sear touch was amiss and didnt sit in a hit enough pan. I prefer the texture of my fg a bit more done as well.Like the interior of the restaurant inside the Paris, Has nice touches, classy....dark, the way I like it.So happy I decided last minute to cross the street and see if I could get in: wonderful nightcap snack..a treat.
3	For the price, I was not in love with the food.  I've had better at other high end places (still my favorite is Michael Mina's in San Francisco) First of all, the service was OH SO SLOW!! After we sat down (no wait since we had reservations, although there was no line either on a Sunday night), we waited a few minutes for a waiter.  After he asked if we wanted some cocktails, he left us with the ipad cocktail menu for ten minutes.  After we made our drink orders, we still did not get our regular food menu.  I think maybe he was waiting for that damn meat cart to be available to show us the different cuts of meat they serve.  It was kinda cool to see a meat cart, but I didn't really care for it - I know what a ribeye or filet looks like.We ordered the asparagus soup (FUCKEN AMAZING) - if nothing else, just order this.  You'll still be starving cuz the portion is super tiny, but at least it tasted damn good.  The lobster appetizer was tiny (3 inch long lobster - 3 bites and it was gone).  The beef wellington was unimpressive.  the pastry was not amazing, it was just ok.  I also didn't like the weird smell/taste of the foie gras that was smeared between the meat and the pastry.The sides were thoroughly unimpressive.  The corn had the weird stringy thing that you find on corn that was not well cleaned (you know that residual string from the husk of the corn), and the mushrooms were SO SALTY!!! The tuna chopped salad was ok (the tuna was nice, the sauce was a little salty).Overall, the only amazing food highlights were the asparagus soup and the side of potato puree.  Otherwise, everything else we had was just mediocre given the price point of this restaurant.Given Gordan Ramsey's TV personality for being a perfectionist, this meal was anything but.  I will not return, nor will I recommend this to a friend looking for fine dining.
5	We are fans of Gordon Ramsay's Hells Kitchen, my husband and I were celebrating our 30th wedding anniversary on July 27th and eagerly chose this restaurant - we both loved it !  The presentation was fantastic, the ambience wonderful and we had one of the greatest waiters we have ever encountered, Dennis. Dennis was fantastic and had a great sense of humor. First you are given an ipad to order your drinks, then the cuts of beef are beautifully displayed and described for you to choose from. For an appetizer, my husband ordered the Onion soup and he thought it was fantastic, he was almost done with it when he realized there was no cheese in it.. he didn't even miss it.  For my appetizer I enjoyed the Lobster with Chorizo.   For the main entree we ordered the porter house steak for two, the steak was tender, juicy, seared perfectly on the outside... just thinking about it now makes my mouth water. Did I say Dennis was great, he made our anniversary very special and we appreciated it very much. We coupled our meal with some nice Red wine, unfortunately we were full and didn't have room for desert - but no worries we will be back end of Sept !!!
5	Love, Love, Love Gordon Ramsey! Ignore the TV personality and you've got a chef with high standards that loves to cook. That being said, I had to try this restaurant.Hubby got us flights, I made the reservation and it was off to LV last Saturday evening for dinner after a family yard sale that didn't even pay for the cab ride!We were seated in a booth that was cozy and gave us a view of the Union Jack and the red squiggly light thingy on the ceiling. We were told it was the knife cuts created while preparing the Beef Wellington. Interesting....Cool iPad menu for the drinks! Too bad it didn't have pics of the food menu as well. But we got a good look at most of the dishes as they passed us by. I had to try the Beef Wellington since he seems to be such a stickler about the dish on Hell's Kitchen. I've prepared the version on his iPad app but never really had one before that.  The dish was on the Chef's tasting menu so we ordered that, mine with the wine and hubby without. The Amuse was a Scotch Egg. I loved how the velvelty yolk calmed the acid in the red wine braised cabbage. Fantastic with the ChampagneThe Heirloom Tomatoes were fresh and juicy. The basil crystals were delicious! Very ingenious!Next course was the asparagus soup. You know how veggie soups are always overcooked veggies blended with an overpowering amount of butter and cream to the point that the only thing about the soup that's remotely vegetable is the color? Wow! Delicious asparagus concoction surrounding a parmesan custard. The dungeness crab was just enough and the pickled white asparagus gave a bright acidity that matched the beauty of the plate!Finally! The Wellington! Cooked perfectly! The beef was so tender and the pastry was cook through. I could've licked my plate but I settled for using the different yummy breads we were given to wipe up the delicious red wine demi glaceThe Melon Panna Cotta was a light refreshing end to a truly wonderful meal. But we kept seeing the other fantastic desserts pass by so we HAD to try them with coffee.French pressed coffee with chocolate liquor covered spoons: Amaretto, Baileys and Chambord! Yum Yum Yum! A plate of Bannoffee Tarts and another of Toffee Pudding were placed in front of us and we immediately fought over the Toffee Pudding. OOOhhh so wicked! The toffee that is. The Bannoffee was more of a deconstruction of the actual pie. I would've preferred the actual pie. The bananas were turning black and there was only a smear of the toffee on the plate. A truly wonderful dinner to celebrate my 41st!  Our waiter, Matthew, was very attentive and even brought the meat cart to show us what we had missed. So we HAVE to return so I can take a stab at that rib eye! And swim in another bowl of that lovely asparagus soup!
3	Really maybe 3 1/2 stars.  The negatives...showing up with a reservation on time and not being able to be seated for 30 minutes.  Loud music blaring. Confusion with the bill....had it not been for the eagle scout honesty our friends would have paid .07 for their meals.  And small overpriced sides.The positives....beef wellington while good, could not outshine our friends rib-eye for 2. Now that was a steak!  Sticky toffee pudding...seriously insane.
5	For starters I'm torn on my stars...It really should be like 4 7/8's (We had some service stumbles) I'll get to that later.We planned a wedding in Vegas and the dinner afterwards was for my wife and I,the best man/brides maid an a spouse.We got there a little early and had a seat at the bar, I asked the bartender what she recommended and she asked me if I was looking for something sweet, An I told her that I was more of a savory taste kind of guy. That is when she recommended a gin based basil infused rock candy drink with cucumber juice, If it wasn't for the fact that it was fifteen dollars I would have ordered 15 more.Then out of no where some young lady called to me by first name an told us that are table was ready.We got to are table and that's when the first hiccup happen, We sat there for about 15 mins before someone came to the table to even greet us, An it wasn't even are waiter.So I figured are guy was busy and I let it slideWhen are guy did arrive he gave us that stupid little Ipad so we could order drinks...An then told us that the meat cart was being used and it would be awhile before he could get it, because "seeing the meat may make you change your mind on what you are going to order"Well really it didn't..but we had to wait, cause the guy just diapered.When he did get back it was probably another 20 mins....So 35 mins later we now had the chance to order but not before the 10 min speech of what kind of meat was on this cart.So anyway......Well having been in the industry I told my table to order everything that they wanted an let them send it out when it was needed.(that in itself is a gamble but I didn't not want to wait another 25 mins just to get an app)So having placed our entire order some 20 mins later my soup an app came out at the same time as did for the rest of my table. With my waiter no where to be found.then some 30 seconds later my waiter did arrive an lean over to me an apologizes for the double dip saying that it was only suppose to be the soups that arrived...We are pretty low drama kind of people so I said no worries but it still kind a pissed us off.So after we all finished our soups and moved to are app, we placed are pretty big size soup bowls in the middle of the table and their they sat foooorrrrrrreeeevvvvvvvrrrrrr An when we all finished are apps.....Those plates sat in front of us....fooooorrrreeevvvvrrrrr..... So I don't know if it was busy in the back...Maybe are guy was new but no service then over service, kind stunk.I ordered1)Asparagus soupdungeness crab, parmesan custard, pickled white asparagus, smoked salmon caviar... The asparagus was green so I couldn't figure out where it was suppose to be white..but let me tell you this was by far the best thing that ate this night.2)Smoked Beef Tartarelemon zest, red onion, capers, guinness infused mustard seeds, yukon gold herb chips... The presentation was amazing because it comes in this smoke filled glass dome and they open table side. If you don't like capers stay away it was a bit over powering and with the home made chips the extra salt is almost an over kill.3)Roasted Beef WellingtonI mean what can I say, This is the dish that has made this guys career, It was everything that I hoped it to be an then some.4)Mac & Cheeseblue, cheddar, parmesan, truffle, This was simple amazing. It comes in a small stainless steel kettle and more them likely you will have enough to take home.5)Melon sorbet (maybe) My best man ordered the bread pudding that everyone is raving about so I went another route for 2 reasons. I just ate enough to kill a horse and knew that a bread pudding was going to be to heavy and...also giving the table a chance to see something different. An I was right, The bread pudding only got eaten 1/3 of the way an ended up in a box.The sorbet was perfect,light,creamy,and a very very good pallet cleanser from the crab and the wellington.The one redemption that I will give them is they over heard us talking about the wedding and when the sorbet arrived on the chocolate wafer read "Congratulations"  An they presented it to my wife, It was a nice touch and good catch by our waiter so I kind of let him off the hook on the hiccups.With all that being said it's Gordon Ramsay and it was amazing!We dropped a good buck that night  but I would do it all over again,having never been to a place owned by my idol.If your there and don't mind spending...Go you won't regret it. hopefully the service will work itself out in the coming months because I do see that it is a issue in most of the posts.Now only if I could have heard him screaming "It's bloody raw you ass"That would have made my night.Cheers.
3	Why do restaurants offer or suggest reservations and then when we arrive on time, we wait 40 minutes! Unacceptable for me. The restaurant manager was horrible when I complained, he was definitely not a people person and didn't care that we had to wait. I found him to be rude and arrogant and for that reason I will not spend my $$$ there. The waiter and other staff however were wonderful, food good as well as service. The cost of a meal is not worth the aggravation of a poorly run management. Too many other nice places to eat and enjoy.
4	Excellent food and service was extraordinary from our waiter. However upon arrival my wife and I noticed 1 customer (of 2) absolutely drunk. She eventually threw up in the dining area. Personally I think it is just as as much the management's fault for allowing the lady to get to that state. I mean if I noticed her within 4 mins of walking into the establishment, does that mean the management team are not doing their jobs properly one star lost for that reason and I'm sure if mr ramsay was cooking there that night I'm sure he'd have two choice words for the client (and the last word ends in 'off')
4	the ambiance of the restaurant is great.  It was very sexy and hip. However, the music that was being played was so loud I could not even hear the couple across the table. it also took 20 minutes to get our first round of drinks and they were not particularly fast when we ordered second glasses of wine/cocktails either. The food was excellent as I expected but the service was sub par at best.
5	I already put all this in my blog that I'm writing about cooking my way through a Gordon Ramsay cookbook, but when I see negative things and the nit picky reviews I felt I was too late in posting this. I couldn't wait to visit this restaurant because I am so amazed by GR.  I tried very hard to not have my expectations too high because like others here, I didn't want to have one little thing go wrong and my whole night ruined, but try as I might my expectations were through the roof. They weren't too high, because they were met and 10 fold more. Below is my review Finally 5pm on Monday night.  We check in at the front and the hostess says "oh I see you're big fan" to which I reply "indeed I am". Then she says "well we have a special seat for you"  And where does she take me?  Right in front of the pass!  OMG it just can't get any better, not only am I here, but I'm getting to see everything right up front and personal.  So exciting.Next we ordered drinks. How cool is it that they give you the drink menu on an iPad?  It was very cool. Don't try taking them though, they're locked down.  (no I didn't try to take one)They brought us a plate of complementary breads which were clearly an indication of the wonderful food we were about to partake of.  They were so good!Next order of business is to order an appetizer I had scoured the menu before we got there, so I pretty much knew I wanted to try the British Ale Onion soup.  I chose right. This soup is so good, full of sweet onions, Boddington's English Ale, and topped with Welsh rarebit. YUM!  must look for a recipe.  I have to tell you the customer service here is bar non the best I've ever had anywhere.  Chuck had to go up to our room to get a decongestant and while he was gone the sous chef was looking for him because his soup was ready, and I told the gentleman that he could just leave it and he'd be right there.  Well he wouldn't hear of it, he waited for about three minutes and threw away the soup sitting at the pass and brought a new one when Chuck sat back down. CRAZY!Next came time for us to order our steaks, and they wheeled out this cart of the most amazing meat I have ever seen!Chuck had the American Kobe rib cap and I had a beef wellington.  I just had to have this also since Gordon Ramsay seems to take the dish so seriously, and I really couldn't see myself ordering it anywhere else.  I am not going to lie, the fillet inside of that was so tender you could eat it with a spoon!  I don't recall ever having a steak so good.  I probably wouldn't have wellington again simply because of how much bread is on the outside of it. Too much for me to eat.  I also ordered a buttered poached lobster tail as an accompaniment for my steak but I really should have done crab legs for only 3 dollars more.  I am not much of a lobster fan, but I figured if it was going to be good some place this would be the place. The taste was good, but it was still a lobster tail that to me seamed tough. *shrug* Not to mention that for $35.00 you'd expect it to be bigger than a prawn, and it wasn't. Even that little bit was a tad disappointing, it was still very good, and since there was so much else, Chuck and I split the bite of lobster and finished up our steaks, which again were AMAZING. We decided to have another cocktail and let our food settle because we had our heart set on trying the English stickee toffee pudding and browned butter ice cream. The staff there was so nice both the head chef and the head sous chef came and chit chatted a little bit and told me what a gentle person GR is and definitely a genius in the kitchen. Duh I knew this.  Just a relaxing non assuming nor stuffy atmosphere at all. All I can say about this dessert is my husband said "OMG F*ck strawberry shortcake" Which until now was his favorite. Well goodbye Gordon Ramsay, until we meet again *sigh* The take away from this was that I don't think I'll ever enjoy something like I did that night. Not just because of the place it was, but because I was with the love of my life.  He was so happy to spend that evening with me. I truly am a blessed woman.  I love you honey. The only negative that I can say, were the other guests of the restaurant. PEOPLE yes I know you're in Las Vegas, but have some F*cking class.  You don't go to a 5 star restaurant, dressed in shorts and flip flops with crying toddlers.
3	I love Gordon Ramsay so it kills me that I was not blown away by this place. It was not terrible, but I was expecting much more. Anything with Gordon's name on it should be amazing right?We had a reservation. When we got there we were told they were running a few minutes behind. Not a big deal and we waited in the lounge.  Then I noticed people were being seated before us who came way after us. My boyfriend checked with the hostess and sure enough he said it looked like we were "skipped" and that they are going to be seating us now. I don't know if we have bad luck or what because this has happened to us before. Its very aggravating. How hard is it to seat people in the proper order?Once we arrived to our table I was immediately disappointed. We were seated in a long section of tables lined up side by side (half booth with chair) and only inches away from the table next to us on either side. Guess there wouldn't be much private chatter for us.The food was good but again I was not blown away at all. For the prices you expect something spectacular. I told my boyfriend to get the asparagus soup because everyone here in the reviews seemed to think it was delicious. He did not care for it and thought it was salty and fishy. I felt bad because I am the one who told him to try it. I got the onion soup, and it was good but very strong in onion flavor. Nothing that knocked my socks off.He ordered the wellington and I ordered the filet. He did seem to enjoy the wellington so that was a plus. My filet was blah. I ordered a peppercorn sauce on the side but this is not necessary as it does come with some kind of sauce on it. I wish I'd known that, because they do charge you extra for sauce and it was not that good. Also, we have made better filets ourselves at home. We also ordered mac and cheese and asparagus. Again, both just okay. After reading the reviews I thought the macaroni and cheese would be out of this world? Am I just having way too high of expectations? It was just less flavorful than I was expecting. Just kind of boring and not full of flavor that I was hoping for, as well as the asparagus was nothing special either. Average.We had the sticky toffee pudding dessert which was very good but they only give you very little ice cream with it. If it had more ice cream with it would have been more enjoyable. The plus was the waiter. He was very polite and apologetic if anything was lagging and thanked us for our patience more than once. Checked on us thoroughly. My drinks were awesome. The strawberry martini is delicious and the HK antioxidant was also. However it was annoying to see the HK drink comes in a little glass that was mostly filled with ice and not even filled to the top. So, you really don't get very much of it. The drinks were $14, so should have at least felt like I was having a full glass.Don't get me wrong. We enjoyed this place overall. I was just expecting to be blown away and I wasn't. After tip and all our meal was $300. Just hard to justify since it wasn't amazing. The ambiance isn't very romantic either. I feel like we could have had better food and more privacy and romance in another restaurant. But, I am glad we got to check it out and I know what its all about. Don't keep your expectation too high going here and maybe you will not be as disappointed as I was.
3	Saturday night (8/4/12), dinner time:I had read several reviews of Gordon Ramsay's new restaurant at Paris before dining there.  One thing people talked about was the unique entranceway into the restaurant, designed to emulate the Chunnel from France into England.  It was interesting but best to appreciate it before you walk in since before the hostess can even finish telling you what the entrance represents, you are already through it and into the bar area.  The bar is separated from the two storied restaurant by a glass wall.  The ground floor eating area is adjacent to an open kitchen which allows the smell of the cooking steaks to permeate the restaurant.  There is a long flight of stairs against one wall leading to a second eating area on the balcony overlooking the restaurant.  After you sit down and take in the surroundings, you being to realize just how loud and blaring the background music is.  You can hardly hear the waiter not to mention the people sitting across the table from you.  I guess the overly loud music is supposed to give an energy to the place but it is too overdone and passes well into the annoying range.We started with a half dozen west coast oysters ($20) and a heirloom tomato salad ($18). The oysters were very fresh and come with a trio of sauces: vinaigrette, soy sauce and a traditional red cocktail sauce.  The tomato salad was a medley of sweet tomatoes, prosciutto and watercress.  Both simply presented dishes were very well done.  For the second course, we had the asparagus soup ($17) and lobster bisque ($26).  The asparagus soup was served over a central mound of Dungeness crab, celery and smoked salmon caviar.  The soup had a rich asparagus flavor and the subtle crab meat blended well with it.  However, when you were unfortunate enough to bite into one of the cheap orange caviar pearls, the taste was ruined but this intense fishy flavor filling your mouth.  I do like unique combinations of flavor but these tastes did not mesh well at all.  The lobster bisque was served with a whole portion of shelled lobster tail meat sitting in a very flavorful brown lobster broth.  The meat was buttery and perfectly cooked. Clearly, this was a well thought out dish and earned the high recommendation the waiter gave it when suggesting entrees.For dinner, we had the roasted Beef Wellington (one of Gordon's signature dishes at $52) and the fish and chips ($42).  The Wellington was served already sliced down the middle on a layer of very creamy mashed potatoes.  There were puddles of a dark brown, very salty demi-glace splashed around the dish and a small pile of glazed root vegetables.  Overall, the dish was good however not one to order if you like your meat well done.  As it is, I like my meat medium rare so the very pink interior didn't bother me.  The fish and chips however were a greasy mess.  The fish filets are served breaded and fried with their tails on.  The two filets are plated on top of several large dollops of tarter sauce.  The dish comes with a small side of truffle oil fries.  The first thing you notice however is the somewhat unappetizing fishy smell.  I'm sure the fish was fresh (it better be for $42) so perhaps they are reusing the oil to fry batch after batch.  I suppose it is somewhat ironic to complain that a fish dish smelled fishy but it was unappetizing to have your food smell like an old fisherman's net.  When you cut into the fish, the next thing you notice is the oil pouring out around your knife and fork.  Combined with the creamy tarter sauce, this is a heavy, heavy greasy dish.  It tastes all-right but it will sit on your belly for the rest of the night.  If you have plans later, it is probably best to avoid this particular entree.For desert, we had the sticky toffee pudding ($13), a small French pressed coffee ($8) and a double espresso ($8).  The pudding is served along side of a small cup filled with extra molten toffee to pour over the pudding and a rectangular block of butter flavored ice cream, made to look like a stick of butter.  Unfortunately, there was so much butter in the ice cream, it also tasted like a cold stick of butter.  The pudding was very sweet, almost too sweet, such that after a few bites, you feel like you need an injection of insulin.  The whole dish is gaudy, in-your-face butter and sugar.  We stopped eating it after a few bites.The waiter did a good job and came by often during the meal.  However, you can only hear half of what they are saying to you due to the excessively loud music. It was amusing to look around and see different waiters around the restaurant leaning in to repeat things to other diners.  Doesn't the manager also notice things like this? Overall, the food was ok but was certainly not worth the excessive price tag.  You are basically paying extra for the name and hoping the food lives up to the reputation.  Unfortunately, the entire experience falls short.
4	Great steak, sides are good, nice atmosphere, didn't try dessertI dined alone at the bar which has a lounge too and very social atmosphere. The bartenders are very friendly and service is great.I had to get the bone marrow which is a huge portion for one person. It comes with homemade English muffin bread which was very greasy and soggy. It should have been some sort of toasted or grilled bread. The bread selection is good too. The appetizers and salads seemed very expensive, about $15-20 each for a salad, soup? I wanted to try the foi gras but it was $25 and I already decided on the marrow.I really wanted the 24oz ribeye but that is just too much meat so I got the 18oz bone-in ny strip and it was great! Perfectly cooked and just the right size.I had the asparagus which the bartender said was one of the smaller sides and only ate about half of it. It was good but nothing extraordinary. I was too full for dessert and the menu didn't look that great. I had loose leaf tea which was nice. I would like to go back and try another steak and some more sides and apps. Overall it was very good and the steak itself was not outrageously expensive for Vegas.
4	We have eaten a couple of times at Gordon Ramsay's at the London in L.A. so when we heard he was going to open a restaurant here in Vegas we were excited. The location at the Paris Hotel & Casino is OK. I would give it 5 stars but I think the price was a little high for a steak house. We were a party of four celebrating my birthday. We started with the market green salad, asparagus soup, caesar salad, and the fried oysters for an appetizer. The fried oysters were amazing, the market green salad was good but not spectacular, the asparagus soup was spectacular and the caesar salad was excellent. Our entrees were, the kobe beef rib cap, beef wellington for one, bone in new york, and a shrimp cocktail. The rib cap and new york were both excellent, the beef wellington was my order and I thought it was good but as often as I have seen it cooked on his TV show Hell's Kitchen I expected it too come out perfect. It was cooked just right but was sort of lukewarm like it had been cooked a while ago. So overall the meal was very good. For dessert we shared the sticky toffee pudding which was absolutely amazing. We had read that the service was not so great but we found the service to be outstanding throughout the entire meal. Overall a great experience and would highly recommend.
5	We were excited to hear that Gordon Ramsey's new restaurant would be opening while we were in town, so of course we had to give this place a try!Service was superb!  Kudos to our server, Adrian and his assistant, Conrad!  They were very informative about everything on the menu.  I like how their drink menu is an actual iPad that they bring over to your  table!  So techy!My hubby ordered the Beef Wellington while I ordered the 24 ounce bone-in Ribeye steak.  My ribeye steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly that it didn't need any sauce (although I did order a side of Bernaise sauce).  Even the charring on my ribeye steak was perfect!  This was also our first time trying the Beef Wellington and we didn't care for it too much.  It comes cooked medium rare.  I guess it's an acquired taste, so we just shared the ribeye steak.  We ordered the loaded baked potato and truffle Mac and cheese for our sides.  The Mac and cheese is to die for!  The baked potato, on the other hand, was huge but a bit on the dry side.Awesome dining experience overall!  Will definitely be back when we're in town again!
5	Service was impeccable.Even though the restaurant had onlybeen open a couple of days, we were seated within twenty minutes of showing up. Ribeye was great. Perfectly cooked with wonderful flavor. I enjoyed the asparagus side, and my mojito was awesome!  My parents also enjoyed their steaks, sides, and drinks immensely. I will be back every time I'm in Vegas.
3	Ever since my boyfriend and I started watching Hell's Kitchen, Master Chef and Kitchen Nightmares, he's grown to have this undying love for Chef Gordon Ramsay.For our trip to Vegas, he decided to book a reservation at Gordon Ramsay. I had a couple of qualms about this place before entering the facility. When my boyfriend made the reservation all he had to leave was a name, the hostess did not ask for a phone number. We pondered if we should call them back to leave a phone number so they could confirm the reservation with us day of, we decided not to. On the day of, my boyfriend called them to confirm the reservation. He said the girl sounded like they were making a new one for us and only replied with okay then hung up. After that he told me to call them back to confirm the reservation since it seemed like none of us were on the right page. I called back, told them the name under the reservation and then I was asked to hold. I held for 10 minutes before I decided to hang up. A restaurant boasting renowned Chef Gordon Ramsay's name should be much more organized than this I thought. If the reservations was screwed up for that night, I told myself I'd rip them a new one.Luckily, no new ones were ripped. The reservation was set already but the lack of communication was absurd. Ladies dressed in all black attire opened the vault like door to enter. We sat at the bar for a bit, I ordered a midori sour and my boyfriend got a coke and rum. After a couple minutes, we were notified that our seats were ready. I got a bit flustered because we were still trying to pay for our drink tab and the girl didn't bother to help us grab our drinks, with which I am not accustomed to. We got to our seat and our waiter came over quickly to give us water and show us a special prix fixe menu. He told us that the menu is a souvenir to take home at the end of the night should we choose to select it. We both rejected the offer and ended up getting the foie gras and beef wellington.The foie gras was very delicious and enjoyable, the beef wellington... ehhh. Like I said, I already had some qualms that it was going to be disappointing. The pastry crust was nice but it tasted a bit off with the meat. After dinner, we got the melon panna cotta. I enjoyed the watermelon sorbet.Our server was very nice and explained all the different cuts of meat they had. It was a bit hard to hear him over the loud bang of music. Quite disappointing because I was really looking forward to the beef wellington.
1	Let me start this off by saying my review should be a little bit biased. I was an invited guest of the casino, having dinner with employees of the casino, AND having the meal (along with my flight and stay) paid for by the casino. If we received any special treatment at Gordon Ramsay's, I shudder at the thought of the treatment of the average customer.The food, as everyone else says, is great. Sticky toffee pudding, beef wellington etc all wonderful. There's not much to add here.The service is some of the worst service I've received, in any restaurant, anywhere. To receive this level of service in a fine dining restaurant is a travesty. It took us an HOUR AND A HALF from our seated time to be served bread. The main reason for the one star is the spectacular handling of a terrible situation by our waiter, Dennis. After ordering (he neglected to ask), I told him I had a shellfish allergy. He said my order should be fine. My beef tortellini had some small pieces of fish next to it, so, I, assuming the best, took a bite. It tasted like scallops. When DENNIS came on by, I asked him what it was. The conversation follows:Dennis: "Oh yes, those are scallops."Me: "...I have a shellfish allergy. I told you I have a shellfish allergy."Dennis: "Well, just don't eat them."Me: "It doesn't matter. I already did. They're right next to each other and I told you about it."Dennis: "Oh, it wasn't cooked with it. You should be fine. Just don't eat it."and walked away.Thankfully, my allergy is mild and only makes me nauseous. I wasn't paying for the meal or I would've made a gigantic scene. No apologies were offered. In fact, that was the last we heard of it.
4	My wife and I had dinner at gordon rasmey steak for my bithday about a month a go.I could go on and on about how good every thing was. but I wont the high lights of the evening were the exelence servive. and the i pad they had th wine list on was quite cool too. food was cooked well the portions were so big I almost burst from eating to much. the cofee service was neet also. i would go back to this resturaunt.
5	The food was incredible more than i expected, the service was amazing, Chris was really nice to me and my wife, he brought us more of the apricot bread we loved, congrats Ramsey! best wishes on your new restaurant!
5	Ok so that has to be the most amazng meal I have ever had! The tartar was amazing. The wellington was as good as it looks on tv. I don't know what else to say. Amazing!!
1	Walked in at 5:30 hoping to grab an early table with my fiance.. we were told nothing was available. we asked if there was a wait list for cancellations or missed reservations and was told in a very arrogant manor "we are fully committed for tonight and tomorrow night as well, you can try and eat at the bar".We agreed and made our way in... what a madhouse. at least a half dozen other parties walking around circling like vultures watching people eat judging how long they would be. Even if I like the idea of playing musical chairs to get a table i defiantly wouldn't want to be hassled the entire time I was eating by others doing the sameThe worst part of it was the dining room was half empty. What a joke.The staff I spoke to was extremely rude and the bar area was one of the most disorganized places I've seen in vegas. Had vibe I would describe as sheer panic.I used to have a lot of respect for Chef Ramsey... he talks a lot about quality of food and service but before I could even try the food the service left a bad taste in my mouth. I'm sure I will give this place another try with a proper reservation but for now when people ask me this place is somewhere to avoid.
2	With all the buzz over Chef Ramsay's first foray into the fabulous and star-studded Las Vegas restaurant scene, we expected more. First con (at least for our taste), very noise, and I'm not just talking about the bar. Second con, service was attentive but felt like it was very generic and "phoned in."  Lastly, the food was just -- eh, save for the fabulous sticky toffee pudding. The food was good, don't get me wrong, but compared to Le Cirque, Joel Robuchon, B&B, etc it paled in comparison and left us with a forgettable meal.
5	Get the beef wellington and you will never want to eat anywhere ever again. Fantastic service too!
3	It was a dream to try some gordon Ramsay cuisine because we've watched all his shows. We'd expected to leave being wildly impressed and having sampled some of the best food we'd had. I have to admit the toffee pudding was great. Service was awful... It took over an hour to get our food and then we weren't nearly as impressed as we'd thought. The Wellington was ok.. But not exceptional. We left not impressed over our $250 dinner.
2	I could not recommend Gordon Ramsay Steak as a place to visit if you are looking for a high end steak house in Las Vegas. The overall experience was poor and not what I expected for a high end restaurant. The service started with an arrogant hostess, the bar service was exceptional, and the food service painfully slow, and we did have 7 p.m. reservations, seated just before 8 p.m. Overall the food was good, but not what I would expect in a high end establishment, and we did have an issue with the bill.
1	Can't tell you how much I was looking forward to the Dinner at GRS.  Now, let me let you know why it is a must avoid.Steak-  Ordered Mid-Rare and that is how it was cooked.  However, the steak was tougher than Chuck Norris on Steroids.  Sides-  Roasted Fingerling Potatoes.  These were good, but the fingerling does not roast as well as others.  And I hate purple potato used for roasting.(they look aweful)              Mac and Cheese.   Not much flavor here.  Very bland.              Fried Green Beans.   Theses were tasty.  A bit salty, but I like that.              Onion Soup.   Tasty.  Too small of a portion.              Shrimp Cocktail.  This was possibly the worst i've ever had.  No flavor and                completely over-cooked.Drink-  Rusty Nail.  Bartender nailed this.  Pun intended.Side Note:  My girlfriend's cousin ordered a Ribeye Mid-Rare WITHOUT char and it came out looking like mine.....COVERED IN CHAR...All in all.... Not a good experience.  The steak should have shined and it was no where close.Side Note 2:  The designer of the restaurant should be commended.  The interior was great.
4	I ate at GR Steak last night and while not mind blowing, it was a VERY excellent meal. I normally dislike going to high-end steak houses because they all sort of seem the same and few surprises are to be had. I'd rather spend my money doing a tasting menu with creative plating and flavor profiles I've never experienced. But Gordon Ramsay Steak made me a very happy camper last night.The bread choices are excellent. The pancetta brioche rolls and the one with the blue cheese were great. The steaks are done the way steaks should be done. They had a nice crust and very flavorful. The seasoning was spot on, the fat was rendered nicely, and the flavor of the beef took your taste buds for quite an adventure.The side dishes were typical for a steakhouse.  Mac and cheese with truffle oil and panko crumbs was as expected.  The mushrooms were great, although the bonito shavings really didn't add much in the way of flavor (guess just more umami?).  We also ordered the creamed spinach with panko.  Nothing to write home about, but all done very well.Dessert was probably the best I've had at a steakhouse. The sticky toffee pudding is amazing. It's warm and moist and airy and rich, while managing to not be too sweet. The browned butter ice cream it was paired with was perfect. To offset the richness of sticky toffee pudding, we also got the watermelon sorbet panna cotta. The watermelon sorbet was refreshing and the panna cotta underneath gave the sorbet a creaminess and altered the taste to be almost like a watermelon creamsicle.Overall, this was one of the best steak house experience I've ever had. The cow was the star that night, and the staff should be proud of that.Our meal lasted over two hours and I could only find one true fault and one nitpicky one.My ONLY true complaint of the night was the garnish of the steak. There were a few pieces of leafy greens thrown onto the steak for the sake of color (I think it was baby spinach? I didn't pay attention to them). They added nothing to the plate and had no business being there. The ones in contact with the steak were starting to wilt and we all just pushed them off to the side as we ate. It never occurred to me to eat one, but I doubt it would have paired with the beef in any way. If they want a contrasting color on that plate, make a simple pesto polenta square or something. The days of non-functional garnishes passed years ago.Now for my nitpicky complaint. The panna cotta was a bit too firm. While I think this may have been done intentionally to hold up the watermelon sorbet, it was too firm to be called a panna cotta.
5	Presentation of  food and drinks is very interesting, order as much dishes, each dish is presented uniquely. Place has a very good vibe, feels very welcoming and friendly wait staff.
4	I thought my huge 24-oz ribeye was the best piece of meat I have ever eaten until I took a bite of my wife's 8oz. filet (not even the Kobe filet).  Best steaks ever.Service was wonderful as well.  They initially overcooked my wife's steak, so  they brought a replacement, took it off the bill and gave us a sticky toffee pudding dessert for free.  Our waiter and his assistant were very gracious and helpful.The restaurant is fairly small and can be loud with the music blaring and people talking loudly to be heard.  Tables are also fairly close together so you will get to know your neighbors.I had the loaded baked potato which was okay - just quartered with gouda and some bacon - and foie gras with mine.  My wife had crab legs (best ever) and the mac and cheese which was fairly forgettable.But the steak was the star of the show.  We left barely able to walk.  Pricey, but worth the experience.
4	Went there on Thursday,  August 23rd. Reservation at 7pm. Didn't get seating until 7:25ish.We were seated upstairs. Got to the steaks but bf ordered pork belly for appetizer,  beef wellington entree, truffle mac & cheese side and a pepsi. (For sodas, they ONLY have pepsi or diet pepsi, WTH?)I ordered foie gras for appetizer, crispy chicken breast for entree, chili lime corn for side and an infused peppermint iced tea. 4 stars because my chicken was a bit dry, well, it's breast so I guess that's why. I had a piece of the wellington and OMG it melted in my mouth! I am for sure coming back and ordering me some beef wellington all for my self! sides were alright. and for dessert, we ordered the sticky toffee pudding. that thing was excellent! (needed a little more ice cream, imo)Slow service to begin with, had a reservation, didn't sit until about half an hour. Great table service, not as excellent, great or whatever else other reviewers say. Maybe because we're Asian/we looked like we had no monies? I observed other tables had better service than ours =/Anyways, will we come back?! YES, I will give GR another chance! And when we do, I will maybe give it a full 5 stars (for the food/service) when I have the beef wellington all to myself!
4	You can be sure that there will be no restaurant nightmare when you go to Gordon Ramsay's own restaurant, located in the Paris Hotel on the Strip.  On a business trip with a colleague who was insistent on going, I was very willing to tag along.  Having tried Bobby' Flay's, Emerel's and other celeb joints, this was one to add to the list.As a steak house, Ramsay's is as good as any American chophouse.  But the real difference was in the side dishes.  The bread starter was uncommonly good-I could have ordered repeats all night long.  As a side to my nicely done rib steak, I had a more continental dish, the Potatoes Colcannon.  Simply good.Desert was another highlight.  I had the Sticky Toffee Pudding with a homemade brown butter ice cream-it was amazing.Overall, worth going back even if you don't hear Gordon scream blue murder in the background!
5	This was by far the best dining experience I have had. The reservation for 9 people was at 8pm on a Friday night and we were seated by 8:05. As I walked in I heard someone say that it was the best steak he had ever had, and I soon came to agree. The service was outstanding with the waiter taking the time to have conversations with us and answering questions about many things rather than just serve and leave. It actually didn't take long at all for anything. The only part I would have been able to do without was the meat cart. By the time he went to get it everyone knew what they wanted to order and I don't find looking at a large cart of raw cuts of steak very appealing, but I'm sure in the future we can just request to have that skipped. The bread was wonderful and there was a variety which is nice. The water was bottled and imported from the UK and we were given a choice of the type (sparkling or still). The beverage menu was on an iPad which was cool because you could just order on there rather than wait for the waiter. The steak was amazing and the loaded baked potato was huge and also delicious.I highly recommend this restaurant if you are in Vegas. You won't be disappointed.
5	Where shall i begin? How can i even start to describe service, food. ambiance perfection? The Gordon Ramsay Steak is everything i expected. I recommend the Beef Wellington, the lobster appetizer is amazing. Reservations are a MUST! Or you can show up 15-30 minutes before 5pm and try to grab a seat at the bar or lounge. The best part? Gordon Ramsay himself walked in during our visit and i had the pleasure of seeing the man at work, met him and talked to him. MOST humble, kindest, sweetest, funniest celebrity i have ever met.FIVE stars, Gordon is worth a million stars. Go here, you wont regret it.
5	Honestly, one of the most memorable meals i have ever had.Mainly because i got to meet the man himself (Gordon) and watch him at work, never mind the delicious giant steak cooked to perfection...Reservations are a must here people!! It is the new hot spot in Vegas. I read so many reviews of people who were upset they werent seated at the time of reservation, cant get in, etc..Its becasue people come inside and dont want to leave, great drink/wine selection and the toffee pudding is a must have.BEST steak in Vegas, great service, MUST make reservations and keep in mind its booked two weeks in advance as of right now (aug 27th).Anyone rating this a one star is crazy, the ambiance, the scene and food/wine selection alone is worth more than 1 star. Amazing restaurant, My steak (Rib eye) was huge, cooked medium and to perfection! CANT SAY ENOUGH ABOUT THIS PLACE!Oh yah, one last thing -a hip and cool scene, dont come here with great grandma and the kids and rate the restaurant 1 star because its too busy and loud.
4	We were in town just this weekend and had an early reservation (5 PM).  There was a line when I arrived at 5 PM for folks who made reservations to be checked in.  The hostesses weren't overly friendly.  Reservations are a must!  I overheard people being turned away.  Restaurant was nice; ceiling lighting and wine wall very cool.Our server Adrian could have had less of an attitude, not really friendly.  My husband asked for the "regular menu" and he was told that he would bring it out once he was done with "a process".  He first presented a tasting menu; if one person orders the tasting menu everyone at the table must order the tasting menu!  Second they bring out a meat display...third the "regular menu".  Shout out to our servers assistant Muhamidor, nice guy and acted like he was happy we were there.  He noticed that my husband really enjoyed the pancetta bread, so he brought us more.Here's what we ordered and how many stars we gave each:Asparagus Soup $18 ... 3 stars, kind of blandMaine Lobster Appetizer $28 ... 5 stars, I had to hold myself back from licking the plateBeef Wellington $54 ... 5 stars, this was the BEST!  Every beef welli will have to measure up to thisFisherman's Grill $50 ... 5 stars, everything was cooked perfectlyFire Roasted Corn $12 ... 5 stars, make sure you order this as one of your sidesFingerling Potatoes $12 ... 3 stars, good flavor but some were overcooked and hardCafe De Paris Butter $ 6 ... 3 stars, flavored butter for $6! Pass on thisWe will definitely eat here again.
3	I didn't have high expectations to begin with since I wasn't a Hell's Kitchen fan but I left half disappointed that the meal didn't really measure up to my liking. It was extremely noisy inside and we were unfortunately seated next to a girl with a potty mouth that ran through our meal.The steaks were solid, tender and juicy but the flavors just didn't sit right enough. I enjoyed the truffled mushrooms more than my own 8oz. medium-rare rib cap. The seared foie gras was another standout dish but the bone marrow, although generously portioned for a $10 add on, was extremely salty and just a little undercooked. The wagyu filet was best in terms of flavor.Too bad the bartender was the only one who gave the best hospitality and took the time out to chat with us. Our own server was too busy cavorting with 3 cougars ready to pounce. Food took forever to come out. Even the server noticed because he offered to take our picture after we waited for 45 minutes and there was still no food on our table. We came here expecting to pay the price for fine dining but felt like we overpaid a little. Good thing is, Total Rewards members get a small discount on each dish so remember to flash that card!
5	We have made reservations 2months in advance for our 5 year wedding Anniversary, When we arrived the hostesses were very friendly didn't have to wait for it being a Saturday @6pm. As we walked in they explained the art in the restaurant and it felt like I was in  Gordon's house. We had the best seat in the house. By the kitchen also got to see people come in and out which I find amazing.Our server was Donny he was awesome very Friendly I like his attitude and made our 5 year wedding anniversary very special. I had the Rib Cap 8oz. medium-well it was very tender and juicy all the way til the last bit!  My Husband had the T-Bone steak it was very tender as well. We also had fired corn (amazing) and asparagus (amazing too) . Dessert: Was AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We had the sticky toffee pudding OMG it was amazing. I never had a dessert like that in my life Donny our server he recommended it to us. It was a awesome choice Thank you Donny!!!!
4	First and foremost, I want to clarify that this rating has nothing to do with the service. The service was out of this world. The one star rating is for the food. Ok, my girlfriend and I decided to go to Vegas to get away from the daily grind of military life. We made it a point to eat here because we are both fans of Hells Kitchen. We arrived as they opened without a reservation and we were prompted to sit in the lounge area. Ensure you have a reservation. This wasn't a big deal but if you are bringing older guests it could pose a problem because the seats are low to the ground and very small. Anyway, we ordered our food and waited. The wait was normal considering we are expecting perfection. I ordered the 20oz bone in ribeye. I requested medium rare with no char and what I got was medium well with alot of char. The steak was tough and not flavorful at all. Considering this is a steak place owned by Gordan Ramsay, I expected way better. My girlfriend ordered the beef wellington and she really enjoyed it. The sides we ordered were the fingerling potatoes and the asparagus. The potatoes were overcooked and tasted burned also. The asparagus was bland. Nothing about this place was worth the $160 bill besides the service. ******** I changed my rating on this review because the manager sent me an apology and invited me back to try this place again. I have never seen a restaurant care so much about their reputation that they would go to this extreme to ensure you are satisfied. Highly recommended.
5	One word: Wow.  What a great place to eat!  My wife and I are big Gordon Ramsay fans, so I insisted that we visit the new place for dinner during our last trip to Vegas.  We were not able to get reservations because the pace was booked for the whole weekend, but we did find it relatively easy to get seats at the bar.  The bartender was absolutely great.  She made us these drinks (cant remember the name) with muddled blueberries in it, antioxident something or other, that was oh so good even to me who does not enjoy fruity drinks (whiskey please)!  Since it is one of the favorite things for Ramsay, I had to try the Beef Wellington which more than lived up to my expectations.  My friend had the New York strip which he said was excellent, and my wife even had some kind of gourmet baked potato (always watching her already outstanding figure).  Prepare to bring money though, our tab for 3 people was over $360.  Good thing we were in vegas so I could try and win some of that money back!  I didn't.
5	This is my first (and possibly only) five star rating. I have a very stringent scale for rating, and only hand out high marks for the best of the best. That being said, here's my review:My friends and I met in Vegas to have a fun weekend in June 2012, and they left most of the planning up to me. I searched around and came across the fact that Gordon Ramsay had a steak house there. I'm a huge fan of GR (but not Hell's Kitchen, more Master Chef), so I couldn't pass up the chance to check it out. I made the reservations and was able to keep it a surprise to the others until the moment we pulled up in our cab. They totally freaked out, which was gratifying, and I knew I had made the right choice.The Service: We stood in the reservation line to be seated, and took in the decor. It's awesome. We were promptly seated, and ready to start our GR Steak adventure. The wait staff was phenomenal. They catered to our every need. They asked if we'd like to review the tasting menu, and explained that if one of us ordered it, we all would have to. However, I was there for steak, so we turned it down. Then our main waiter presented the menu, explained some of our options, and brought us the meat cart. I think I died and went to heaven.I'd like to stop here and give a huge shout out to the assistant waiter. He never left our water glasses empty, filled our wine glasses promptly, and did a fabulous job of making sure we were taken care of. I'd also like to explain the water pouring process, which included the server putting a napkin towards the customer when pouring so that no water was splashed on to the patron. Now that's some fancy stuff right there.The head sommelier (wine expert dude) came to our table. He wanted to introduce himself and ask if we had any questions. We actually did. The extensive wine list, presented to our table on an iPad (an iPad for the love of god!), was overwhelming for people who don't know wine from blowing bubbles. We told him what we liked and he personally fetched us a bottle of wine to sample. When we weren't quite satisfied with the flavor, he personally mixed us our own bottle using two different kinds of wine (don't ask, because I don't know). It was fabulous, and the price tag didn't give me a heart attack. The Food. Our table of four ordered the seafood platter as an appetizer, which was presented on an ice sculpture placed onto a pewter octopus. You may want to re-read that line because of the sheer awesomeness it entails. The platter included king crab leg, lobster tail, oysters, clams, and giant prawns. Tears of joy are streaming down my face as I write this.For our meals two of us ordered the Kobe rib cap, one of us ordered the Kobe filet, and who cares what the fourth one ordered because I wanted to steal that filet and run out of the restaurant with it and make love to it. Seriously. It was that good. We also ordered the grilled asparagus, the mashed potatoes, two of the smashed fingerling potatoes, a bone marrow sauce for our steaks, creamed spinach, and the mac and cheese. This was too much food. You really only need two, maybe three, sides to feed four adults. I'm fat, so you can trust me on this. I would pare it down to the asparagus, the fingerling potatoes, and the mac & cheese. In my opinion, those were the best ones.Overall: This was the best (and most expensive) meal of my life, and I'll probably never get to go again. But it was worth it. It's been more than 2 months since I've been there, and I can still write this fabulous review with all of these details, because I've thought about it every day since.(edited for typos - sorry!)
5	TLDR: Order the onion soup, scotch egg, foie gras, kobe filet and sticky toffee pudding with a slice of cheese cake on top. Ask for Thomas.This review is a compilation of 3 (yes 3) visits made over the course of a 1 week stay in Vegas. During this time our group sampled nearly everything on the menu save the cold shellfish and caviar. Much gratitude goes to our trip's host and hostess for treating the group to this experience.Ambiance / Decor: As others have mentioned, the design of this place is excellent. Well thought out style, we really liked the tunnel feel as you walked through yet were able to observe everything from the top floors. The music is mostly British rock / indie / pop and was a bit too loud if you were seated in an open table. On our last visit we were seated in one of the semi-circle booths on the top floor. This made a massive difference in being able to hear any see everyone. Request when you make your reservation if your party is 4+Waiters: Every one of our waiters rocked. Tony, Donny and Sean, each brought their own flare of friendly banter, excellent food suggestions and superb attention to detail. They were careful to explain that the Kobe beef is Kobe-style. It is from Nebraska and the cows there share genetics traits similar to those in  Kobe Japan. So no, this is not true authentic Kobe beef (you'd have to go to Japan for that as it is not exported to the states), just similar.While eating I noticed that the majority of the waiters looked very similar; white males, late 20s/early 30s, brown hair, medium build. I asked our waiter that night why there were no female waitresses. The answer he (won't say who) gave cracked us up. Feel free to ask, ymmv.Sommelier: I thought our host was going to enter into an intimate bromance with Thomas our Sommelier. This guy can do no wrong. In addition to excellent pairing that you would expect from a seasoned Sommelier, Thomas also treated us to a bit of history behind the wines we tried and was happy to answer questions. Thomas was also sensitive to how much one was willing to spend and made suggestions based around that. Be sure to have Thomas suggest a desert wine, you won't regret it.Soup/Salad/Bread: Everyone raves about the asparagus soup. Yes it is delicious. But it wasn't my favorite. The onion soup however was a knockout, for a soup it's a good size portion that I recommend sharing with someone if you're going the full 4 course. The Heirloom tomatoes were excellent as well, never had tomatoes this tastee. All the bread was quite good, the butter had this black salt sprinkled on it that gave it a nice flavor. Appetizers: All the appetizers are relatively small. Kobe sliders (best slider you've ever had) come 2 per plate. The lobster had this sweet sauce that made me want to lick the plate. If you've never had foie gras before, you must try this one. After neatly decorating a mini english muffin with foie gras, jam and bacon bits my friend said the look on my face after eating it might as well said "wtf, how did they do that?". Also the scotch egg, I would almost hesitate to recommend this if you've never had one before because it would be unfair to compare Gordon Ramsay's Scotch egg to anyone else's. Do yourself a favor, try the Scotch Egg at the Public House in the Venetian before you come here.Main Course: On the first visit my date ordered the Kobe-style Filet, as an experiment to see how different the flavor would be, I ordered the regular filet. Upon trying my filet I was wisked away to a magical place of melting delicousness in my mouth, nothing could ruin this for me. Upon returning from my cloud I was offered some of the Kobe filet .. and my world crashed. How is this possible that 2 cuts of meat from the same place but different cow could taste so different. So much more nuance and subtlety in the Kobe-style, it is worth the addition 20 some bucks (hopefully if you're eating here, you're not on a tight budget). Other meats also sampled were the Kobe-style flank steak; excellent! Not anywhere near as tender as the filet but the flavors were deep and complex I almost ordered this for myself on the third visit but instead opted for the chicken.The chicken is served in a tikki massala. I've never ordered chicken tikki massala outside an Indian restaurant so I am used to a heavy cream sauce. The sauce in this dish is a little clearer and heavy on spices. It requires a good beverage pairing be that beer or wine to really get it to the next level.Desert: The desert appears to be seasonal with a heavy emphasis on fruit as would be expected at this time of year. The standout as others have mentioned is the sticky toffee pudding. The cake is drenched in brown sugar deliciousness and accompanied by brown butter ice cream. Everyone at our table after the first visit thought this was unbeatable .. until our waiter on the third visit; Tony suggested that we order it with a slice cheesecake on top of the cake. Game. Set. Mat
5	This place was great! Food was pricey...but it's a restaurant of aCelebrity chef so what do you expect?? The food was worth everyPenny!!!!! The staff was great! Our server Adriene was a crack up.. Professional yet friendly!Before we ordered Adriene asked was anyone allegic to anything...Might not sound like a big deal to you... But for us who have severe allergies to certain foods..... it was a big deal!I would go back here for sure.... As long as I get Adriene.. Oh and the professor( inside joke)
5	to help celebrate our one year wedding anniversary, the wife and i had to kick it off w/ a delicious meal.  the evening before, we stuffed ourselves at Batali's B&B, so Ramsay would have some big shoes to fill.  we also had to rush dinner just a tad in order to catch le reve later that evening.upon walking in, the decor was fresh, vibrant and just plain cool.  our server was great.  he asked if we had any time constraints and he said that we would have just enough time to enjoy our meal.we started off w/ a couple glasses of wine and the super tasty pastry sampler they brought out.  wow, these little bites were phenomenal.  i especially liked the bonito flake infused pastry puff and the truffle pastry, served w/ rock salted butter.  hell yeah!although i was tempted to try the rib cap steak, i was dying to try the fish n chips.  i LOVE me some fried fish and french fries!  and when they're truffle fries, how can you go wrong?  the dish did not disappoint.  the white fish filets, w/ the tail still left on, were perfectly battered and cooked.  topped w/ what i think was a caper, olive tapenade, type relish and tartar sauce, smeared under the fish, it was absolutely perfect.  the tang, salty and slight sweetness of the condiments balanced well w/ the fried fish.  and the fries, c'mon, the truffle fries were absolutely divine.  just wish they gave a little more.the wife had the prime beef filet topped w/ the peppercorn sauce.  we also had the butter sauteed spinach.  the steak was a little undercooked but still delish and was perfect when we ate the leftovers the next morning after nuking it!  (eaten w/ our bacon mac and cheese via room service!  but i digress...)service was excellent.  the assistant wait staff were always around to refill our waters or to get us anything else we needed.  and of course our server was great, too.to finish the meal, we tried the peach medley dessert.  it's peaches done three ways; sorbetto, streusel, and these tasty ice cream sandwiches.  all super yums.  and guess what?  upon walking out the restaurant, we had made perfect time to go pick up our tickets.  couldn't have asked for more.
5	BAM! Oooops. Wrong guy. I've never seen Gordon's TV shows, but damn, that food was good. AND the only thing better than the food was the service. Donnie deserves a Yelp shout-out. We will definitely be asking for him when we return.
3	My wife and I visited Gordon's steakhouse on our trip to Vegas; both of us are Hell's Kitchen/Masterchef fans, so we were sure there would be some quality dining in store. The staff was very nice when we arrived, and we were seated right away. Although the website stresses business casual, many of the diners were in shorts and Tshirts, which I would have prefered since it was 105 degrees outside. The decor is very nice, modern English, with a "Chunnel" to enter through. That's when the problems started, and I started taking stars off of the rating. First issue: the NOISE, as others have also noted, was way to loud. Was it the kitchen or diners causing the din? No, the rock music coming through their speakers caused my wife to proclaim that it felt more like a bar than a restaurant. The staff brought around a steak display for you to choose from, but I couldn't hear a thing he said. Second issue: I didn't care for the I-pad drink menu. I don't understand this technology push in some restaurants, and not having a paper copy to read everything at once was a severe turn-off. It may also have been the reason for the third issue, which was they asked if you wanted water, offering both a sparkling or flat water. The thing they didn't mention was that the water wasn't free, but rather 9 bucks a bottle (see 105 degrees above). That came off as a needless expenditure; just a heads up to bring your Dasani from out on the Strip in with you. Our orders came in about a half hour, which seemed very respectable, and the food kept the rating above two stars. I went with the Wellington, which was tasty and rested on a delicious garnish of potato puree (would have been worth the $12 sides price to add a full helping). The only disappointment was that my steak knife had all the teeth of a butter knife, so cutting my Wellington was a chore as it slipped around the plate. My wife's choice of the American Kobe, on the other hand, didn't need a knife, as it was the best steak I have ever tasted. Her baked potato side was huge, but I didn't find it to be anything I haven't had at numerous other steakhouses. So, here are my ratings: Staff = A, Decor/Atmosphere = C (because of the noise), Food = A
5	Ive been to 4 Gordon Ramsay restaurants: Gordon Ramsay London (Royal Hospital Road), Tokyo at the Conrad hotel, New York at the London Hotel and Los Angeles at the London Hotel and this is my fifth Gordon Ramsay restaurant visited.  I'd have to say that out of the 5 restaurant Gordon Ramsay Steak in Las Vegas was the friendliest by far.  Every server, cocktail server and host were excited to be working there and were fans of Gordon Ramsay and his television shows.Our server was Donnie, and he did everything he could to make sure it was the best meal ever.  He chatted with us about Gordon Ramsay and recommended courses, he even made sure that we were able to taste the Toffee Pudding (which was amazing) even though we had paid for a tasting menu with a different dessert.  The sommelier was also very friendly and brought us a great wine at request.  He noticed that we were twins and mentioned that his older brothers were twins.  We arrived early for our reservation and were told we could sit in the lounge so we ordered some signature cocktails (Pimms very nice and HK antioxidant - which was probably the best drink), and we were seated next to some patrons who were having dinner and the conversation was easy if you watch any of Gordon Ramsay's shows.  They said that this dinner was by far their best experience in Vegas so far.After explaining that we'd been to other Gordon Ramsay restaurants our server explained that the scrambled neon light in the center of the Union Jack on the roof of the restaurant was actually a recording of Gordon Ramsay's movements while making a Beef Wellington.  He explained that he was new and another sever Ian had explained that to him.  Later in the meal, Ian came by to same "hi" and he was super nice just like everyone at this restaurant.The food was amazing.  We had the tasting menu with an amuse bouche of a scotch egg (made with a quail's egg) and the best salad any of us have ever had, with heirloom tomatoes and cheese, then the main course of Beef Wellington and a melon sorbet dessert.  The food was really delicious and well thought out.We will definitely come again, we're hoping to do our rehearsal dinner here for our upcoming wedding in Vegas.  Thank you Donnie, Ian and everyone who made our experience so memorable! :-D
5	8/30/2012 5:15pm reservation, seated promptly.What can I say that hasn't already been said?  Gordon Ramsay Steak in the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas is a phenomenal restaurant!  From the decor (I am a Brit so I appreciated the Union Jack on the ceiling!) to the service to the outstanding food, everything was perfection.  The service was similar to high end restaurants such as Boulud in NYC; attentive but not overbearing.  The trolley of meat was a great way to introduce the cuts of beef, especially the rib cap with which we were not familiar.  Our main waiter, Donnie, was extremely patient with our endless questions, and we never felt rushed or steered towards ordering something specific.The waiters' excellent communication really became apparent when, after I had ordered the Beef Wellington (which they claim takes 45 minutes to make as they make it from scratch) and the waiter, Jose, brought the bread out and explained that one of the rolls had pancetta baked into it and we said we didn't eat pork, the main waiter, Donnie, immediately came out and explained that the Beef Wellington had prosciutto in it.  So I was sad that I didn't get to try the Beef Wellington but very glad I didn't find the pork when I cut into it!I ordered the 8oz filet instead, against my usual principles because filet is often not cooked all that well in restaurants.  But I was wrong....so wrong!  Cooked to perfection (just to medium), it was the tastiest filet I had ever eaten...and I ate every last morsel!My husband and son shared the 32oz Porterhouse and my other son tried the Beef Short Rib braised in red wine.  We also ordered 3 side dishes: roasted corn with lime, fingerling potatoes and sauteed mushrooms.  All the food was outstanding in terms of flavor and texture.As Donnie explained to us, the Prime Beef is aged 28 days with pink Himalayan salt crystals.  I am not a huge fan of very aged beef but this was not gamey at all and tasted wonderful!I would have to agree with another reviewer who pointed out the very sad green spinach-like garnish that somehow took away from the sheer beauty of the steaks but this was a minor issue.  Chef Ramsay, when steak is this good, there is no reason to dress it up!Of course, after this meatfest, we all claimed we didn't have room for dessert but we had heard the Sticky Toffee Pudding was to die for so, despite not being big fans of said dessert, we ordered it anyway.....well, were we surprised!  The bread pudding was incredible, not too sweet but sweet enough, with brown butter ice cream that was served to look like a stick of butter!  That and the French press coffee with the chocolate spoons were the perfect end to an outstanding meal!This rounded off a lovely trip to Vegas and we felt very satisfied (and a little sleepy!) as we waited to board our red eye home later that night!
5	Probably one of the top 3 best Steaks I've ever eaten-here, NYC, Miami, LA, etc all cities combined.  They bring a cart over so you can see the cuts of meat and decide on what you like. My friend and I split the bone in Ribeye and it was still HUGE!!!!  The fingerling potatoes were my biggest shocker of the evening b/c I typically find them boring, but these were multicolored, flavored and salted to perfection.The heirloom tomato and pickle dressing salad is amazing, we landed up ordering another one for the table.  There were only 4 of us, but it was THAT good. Our waiter was amazing and we sat at a booth by the kitchen so we could see all the action that was coming in and out. It was a friend of mines birthday and they held the cake for us and then sang to her. Executed perfectly. The only thing we did not like was the Fish dish.  The fish was like sea bass, I guess, something like that. Smelled very fish and came with his scaly tail still on [YUCK].  My friend sent it back and ordered her 3rd tomato salad for the evening. Decor is very trendy & you definitely need to plan a head with a reservation!!!!
5	I recently had the privilege to dine at Gordon Ramsay Steak and am amazed at just how wonderful of a dining experience I had. The wait staff were wonderful, attentive, as well as very informative on every dish offered on their menu and the food was just fantastic. A symphony of flavors that came together to create one of the greatest meals I have ever eaten. Thank to everyone who made this the best dining experience of my life.
5	It's Gordon Ramsay's place....enough said. The drinks were beautiful and strong. The service was great. We had very high expectations of the food, and it was even better than we thought it would be. We are huge fans of GR so eating in his restaurant was an honor....and now we are ruined for any other steaks! Haha
2	The server was a real clown. Wish I remembered his name. He had dark slicked back hair and spoke with a spanish accent. He used to work at RAO's at Cesar's Palace before here. Someone in our party ordered the cocktail shrimp and thought it was tough, only took one bite. The waiter suggested the lobster appetizer, which was the most expensive thing on the menu. He took away the shrimp and brought brought out the lobster. One would think in a high end place like this, they would have comped the appetizer since it was not to her liking. Guess what, they put it on the bill and a manager never came out like most places would to to check up on us since we sent food back. Poor service rating b/c of this. I've eaten at a damn outback steakhouse in the past and even they will comp the appitizer if it was sent back. On;y good thing to say was the ribeye was good and the bread was better than the fried oyster appetizer. The portions for the price are horrible. The fried oysters came with 3 for about $20???? Are you kidding me? for that price they should send out at least 6. You can't even share this appetizer it's so small in potion. The mac and cheese was good, but for the price they charge, it could only serve 1 1/2? When a place charges $10 or more for a friggin side, you can AT LEAST feed 2 people. I will NEVER eat here again. If in vegas, go to Del Friscos or Mastro's Ocean Club (it's a great steak place too as well as seafood) Ramsey can piss off with this place.
3	We were so excited to try this restaurant... After watching all of Gordon's shows I was practically dreaming Beef Wellington. It sadly did not live up to the dream. There was a ton of sea salt on it that I literally had to cut around. Service was absolutely horrible!!! I couldn't get a drink or the check for that matter! The filet was pretty good but the potatoes were really bland. The gratineed spinach was delicious.  Also the music was pretty loud and terrible... It was difficult to hold a conversation during dinner.Overall the experience was pretty mediocre.  I hope you all have a better one!!
3	Meh, maybe im a steak snob now after having Michael Mina's flat iron wagyu at Bourbon Steak in SF, but ever since, almost every piece of steak I've eaten doesn't compare and just makes me miss the sweet taste of WAGGYUUU.Aside from that, i tried both the 18oz prime bone in ribeye and also the 16 oz NY steak.  The ribeye was slightly better due to the fattiness but in general they both tasted similar.  Definitely dry aged and prime but still didn't capture the same fattiness and flavor as a kobe or wagyu.  The prices were also a bit high so be prepared to spend for the name of the restaurant.however, the decor of the place was very neat.  Definitely reminded me of hells kitchen with its red and black theme so points up for that.
5	I've been to some of the Best Steak Houses that Beverly Hill's and Las Vegas have to offer and Gordon Ramsay's Steak just topped them all with their Kobe Rib Cap.  Absolutely Amazing!
5	My family and I were extremely pleased with Gordon's steak house at the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas. From start to finish the team there did an excellent job. Richard Andrew took care of us during our visit and we wanted for nothing. Being a fan of Hell's Kitchen I opted for the Beef Wellington although every cut of steak they brought out on the cart looked superb. And what can I say about the sides.... The MAC and CHEESE was AMAZING!!!!
4	In the fabulous Paris Hotel lies Gordon Ramsay's new "Steak" restaurant.   Being a huge fan of Hell's kitchen and knowing next week's winner will be the new head chef at Steak, we looked forward to checking it out and having the ultimate Ramsay experience.   And, we were treated so special...  We let the hostess know we were celebrating our 15th wedding anniversary and she made sure we had a fabulous table with a good view of the "pass."   However, I must admit we were a bit overwhelmed in the beginning of our lovely evening.  Our waiter seemed a bit pretentious and made a daring attempt to talk us into an expensive bottle of Californian wine.  When he failed, he sent over the Sommelier who took his shot.  We are not fans of domestic wines and prefer imports.  It took a while, but we were finally in charge of the "iPad" used as the wine list and we found a Malbec that we thoroughly enjoyed.   And, then there's the huge steak display wheeled out with a very long dissertation about each cut and Ramsay's preference.   As well, there is a special menu for two that is covered and comes with a parting gift of the menu and Gordon's photo.  I think this is all a bit much.  You don't feel you have time to look over the menu and savor the thought of each bite you might be taking - part of the fun of dining out.   Finally, with our choices made and ordered, which included onion soup, beef wellington, kobe strip steak, haricot verts and spinach gratin, we began to enjoy the life of the restaurant.  It is well-designed with something for everyone.  There are areas that seem more formal, which is where we were seated, more causal tables, a barstool-type sitting area, and tables upstairs with a view of the entire room.   Color is a striking red, which I love and the ceiling is a huge interpretation of the red and blue English flag with a free-style red argon-style light chandelier.  Tables are well-placed, not too close to each other, but one improvement could be made - which was agreed upon by us and our waiters..... the music is too LOUD.  I do not want to compete with  music and our conversation and I don't want the waiter to have to shout at me.   The place has a hip and cool vibe, but loud music doesn't make it so.  It's not required or desired by most.   But, let's get back to the food - it was delicious!!!   I ordered the house special steak sauce as an accompaniment to my steak and it was so tasty.  It almost reminded me of a Memphis BBQ sauce, but a little more smokey.   The English version of a French onion soup was sooooo good.  What a way to start off your meal!   And, the bread tray with Devonshire cream butter was fantastic.   The Wellington was cooked to perfection and John really enjoyed it.  Me, not so much...... sorry I don't like rare meat or pate.  My steak, which according to the waiter, is Ramsay's choice, was delicious.  I ordered it medium and for the most part it was cooked to my liking, until I got to the middle which was rare - just the way my hubby likes it - so he had an added bonus to his plate :)   The haricot verts (a french green bean I love to cook) was surprisingly battered with a light tempura and fried - very yummie!   The spinach was good - I liked the crispy, cheesy topping, but a bit too creamy for me overall.   We were so full, we opted to wait for desert and cocktails at another location later in the evening.   The only surprising thing for me was the bathroom - he, he - only girls would care.......  It is VERY tiny.  In fact, the doors to the stalls almost hit the toilet when opened and they are very narrow.  So, if your a bit oversized, I'm not sure you could even get in there.  Very weird.  And, it was not very elegant - something you just expect in a high-end restaurant.  Oh well, in & out is what you'll want to experience from that standpoint.   But, we had a great time.  Oh, another thing that was so surprising is how CALM the chefs and the pass is - it is nothing like the show Hell's kitchen.  There is no one looking like they are confused or lost.  They all look like they are on vacation, running a well-oiled machine.  I'm sure that's the way it is suppose to be, but it was funny - not what you would expect knowing Ramsay's expectations and flamboyant style!
2	first of all i lovveeee gordon ramsey and all of his shows and was very exited to dine here. My parents and I went to vegas for a week and make a reservation for the end of the week. I will admit I had high expectations for this place for Gordon putting his name out there. So first off the entrance is very off putting, like an exclusive nightclub. NOt very welcoming. We had a reservation at 10 are arrived at 9:30. the hostess instead of telling us to come wait inside, have some drinks blah blah blah LITERALLY said " ok we will seat you at ten'" leaving us to sit around twiddling our thumbs for half an hour outside. Then we got inside and the whole thing felt like the epitome of tourist trap, which it is. There was a nightclub theme and music to classy food and prices. Our server was young and inexperienced with fine dining, being very forcefully and rehearsed. I liked his assistant better. We were a party of five and each of us ordered two or three things so we had a very good spread and variety of food. I tried it all from the mac and cheese to fried string beans. From lamb to rib cap to wellington to foie gras. Let me just say that nothing was memorable or recommendable. I was soooo disappointed, I actually tried to convice myself the food was good becuase of the price and the name of ramsey backing it but honestly it was a no go. Everything was over cooked and bland. No flavors stood out. The foie gras, I actually had to hold my nose to swallow it.My brother during dinner dropped his knife and tried to catch it, ending up stabbing his hand ( they have verrryyy sharp knifes). He rushed to the restroom and lets just say no one was really concerned about his well being, more like trying to cover their butss to make sure they wernt gonna get sued. bad attitudes.The only reason I gave two stars was the dessert at the end, STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING WAS TO DIEE FOR. i WAS GOING TO GET ONE TO GO BUT IT WAS VERY LATE BY THE END. get it if you love caramel and butter =]overall bad restaurant, but i stilll like Gordon Ramsey. good luck to the winner of hells kitchen, by the looks of the show the place will get worse =P
5	A WONDERFUL Las Vegas  Restaurant !!!!!!Fun atmosphere, the waiters are very charming and delightful, the food is outstanding.You must try the British Onion Ale Soup and the Sticky Toffee Pudding !!!!!THE BEST.
3	First impression of this restaurant: a hassle to make reservations through the phone.  The restaurant definitely needs online reservations, if anything.  I made 2 reservations because I was going twice on different weeks and canceled the first one just because it didn't fit in my time frame in Vegas then.  Whoever picked up the phone was pretty rude and put me on hold twice for about 5 minutes, and then continued the phone call with pretty much no etiquette or class I would expect of a Gordon Ramsey restaurant.  Cancelling the reservation was more than a pain in the -ahem-.  Just a little note, this restaurant doesn't start picking up their phones until after 5:00 pm, which is the time they open, so if you need to change you're reservation, it is better to call the Las Vegas Reservation Central... or something like that, which I found out through calling different hotels.  But that's a very long story I do not want to get into.  But make sure you always get your confirmation code!  If you don't ask for it, you don't get it, and a confirmation code is just a precautionary measure for any reservation.The second reservation was a little bit better, still needs to work on that professional phone etiquette though.  Same thing like the first reservation, but nicer... was put on hold for like 5 minutes before anything happened.  Only reservation available was at 9 pm. When my guest and I got there, they were running late on reservations and we were seated about 20 minutes after my reservation time.  This was a first for me, because whenever I make reservations at any restaurant, I usually get sat on time, maybe 5 minutes later, but definitely not 20 minutes later.Anyways, on to the actual dining experience.  The service was everywhere.  The server greeted us, forgot to give us our actual dinner menu but instead gave us this ipad with their alcoholic beverages, and then ran around majority of the time.  The bus runner was asking for our drink orders after the server took it, and gave us our dinner menus.  The server came back a bit later to take orders (which I'm pretty sure he forgot our menus in the first place).  After the server took our menu, the bus person came out with this roll-away model of all the different cuts of beef.  Next time, I suggest the model of cuts of beef should be brought out before taking the order... maybe, so it'd convince me to order the kobe beef filet mignon and not the regular filet mignon.  Bread was served 20 minutes after my guest and I ordered, and right after bread was served appetizers came out. The appetizer was half a dozen raw oysters.  The oysters were definitely fresh and incredibly sweet.  Wish the type of oysters they were serving was bigger, but those type of oysters they served were meant to be small.  It was really delicious and definitely refreshing.A little while longer, the entrees came out - short ribs and the aged beef filet mignon; NOT the kobe beef filet mignon.  The short ribs had this amazing mash potatoes with bokchoy and sauce.  The short ribs were really tender, but the mash potatoes were beyond amazing!!  The filet mignon, was just a filet mignon with their house sauce on it and some garnish. I was hoping that the filet mignon had a bit more Ramsay Flare on it, but it didn't.  I wish i ordered sides, but thankfully, I had my guest's mash potatoes for it.  I do regret not just using the money toward the regular filet mignon for the kobe beef filet mignon because I've honestly had better filet mignons.  Overall, the mash potatoes were the best out of our dishes.For dessert, we went for the sticky toffee pudding, which blew my mind away.    The toffee ice cream was shaped like a stick of butter, which I thought was incredibly cute.  The toffee pudding was similar to a very porous cake, with this warm caramel/toffee sauce poured onto it.  The cake soaked the sauce up which made it a bit soft/soggy at the same time somehow creating  a very nice texture.  I honestly wished that I could just eat scoops of that ice cream.  The cake was a bit too sweet for my tastes, but still delicious nevertheless.  Wish the ice cream was just on top of the cake - just simpler that way.Overall, I felt like this restaurant didn't live up to name of Gordon Ramsay.  I feel very neutral on whether to recommend it or not.  If you're a fan like I am of Mr. Ramsay, then by all means go, but I was a bit disappointed that night.   Despite him always telling his contestants that the guests are waiting for food on hell's kitchen, his own restaurant made me wait.  I'm very iffy on trying this again, but this time for the kobe beef filet mignon, but I'm pretty sure my Ramsay-fan side will make me try it again one more time.  The only excuse I can give the restaurant is that they're new, with no set system in place yet.
5	5 stars; absolutely amazing experience from start to finish! Our table sampled everything from the Beef Wellington, lamb, mac and cheese, and seafood platter: it was all outstanding. Very great service from our host (I forget his name), but he was extremely knowledgeable and good humored. This is a place I would list as a Vegas must-do!
5	Flawless service.  Food perfectly prepared.  A true dining experience.
3	Wanting to sample this celebrity chef establishment prior to committing to breaking the bank in the main dining room, we were excited to learn that they had a bar menu. However, unlike most bar menus, the unfortunate reality was there were no discounts on theirs. In fact the only difference with the main menu was the presence of a half portion of fish & chips ($24) and a kobe burger ($21). Before you go, make sure you have a Total Rewards card because that saves you anywhere from a buck to a few bucks per item. Besides the aforementioned items, we also ordered the short rib tortellini with scallops ($19), foie gras ($25), and melon panna cotta ($12).We were unlucky to be saddled with a wonky server and sat at one of the last remaining, tiny, and round bar tables. What do I mean by wonky? First off, it took more than several minutes for the waitress to even come by and acknowledge me. She asked if I was just waiting for a table in the dining room or dining in the lounge. It took more than another 5 minutes for her to bring menus and glasses of water. When we realized that she only brought us the regular dining menus, we finally managed to flag her down after another 5 minutes to ask to see the bar menu. She replied that the only difference was the half portion of fish & chips and kobe burger and for some reason was resistant to bringing the requested bar menu. We politely insisted that we would still like to actually see the bar menu, and she reluctantly complied. WTH? Really? We were envious of other tables which appeared to have MUCH more efficient and courteous wait staff.For a party of 3, our table was WAY too small. I would even argue that it was inadequate for a party of 2, unless you were only having cocktails. When the 4 dishes arrived, they had to remove all of our small individual dining plates and bread plates, and even then there was barely enough room to fit just those 4 plates on the table. Good thing we don't mind dining intimate family style.Just a quick note about the bread, it consisted of 1 pancetta bread, 2 truffle brioche, 3 foccacia, and 3 walnut bread. The first 2 were our faves, but it was kind of odd that they didn't provide 3 pieces of each type of bread so that we didn't have to cut the pancetta and truffle breads amongst the 3 of us.Moving on to the food, the fish & chips was tasty loup de mer but only consisted of 3 small pieces and about 10 McDonald's style french fries. The creme fraiche tartar sauce was decent but McDonald's tartar (the gold-standard IMHO but a topic for another discussion) is a lot better. The Kobe burger was tasty and succulent but didn't come with any fries or sides. The short rib tortellini was decent but only came with 4 pieces and the 4 scallops on the side were miniscule. By comparison, the foie gras was the stand out savory dish. The seared preparation was generously portioned, although the paired accompaniments lacked the acidity needed to balance its rich succulence. Finally, the melon panna cotta dessert was delicious, but the portion size was about 1/3rd what we would have expected. For the same $12 price, we would prefer Scarpetta's version for quality and quantity.In summary, the food was delicious, but the small serving sizes make the high prices hard to justify even for a Strip restaurant. How expensive could it be to give you more than 10 fries and 2 to 3 more small pieces of fish? How about 2 to 4 more tortellini? How about some fries with your $21 bar menu burger? And while we're at it, let's double or triple the size of the panna cotta. This restaurant could easily merit 4 stars, but the poor value and wonky service knock it down to 3 stars.
5	Best meal I've had in Las Vegas!Believe all the good reviews because it's simply just that good.I had the filet and it was just perfect. I can't wait to go back when I have more time and order the beef wellington (it take 45 minutes).Also you absolutely have to try the Sticky Toffee Pudding, it's simply amazing.Loved it, worth every penny!
5	Worth every penny spent! Our pair of servers, Ian and Chris, were knowledgeable and respectful, such great service from them calmed my nerves that I got from reading some of the negative reviews here. We got the tasting menu which included scotch eggs, asparagus soup, heirloom tomatoes, wellies, and the melon pans cotta. Every dish was as good as I thought it'd be, some even better! We also got a cup of coffee to end this wonderful meal, and I thoroughly enjoyed the cute ABC dipping chocolates that came along with the drink. Will definitely be back once this seasons Hells Kitchen ends!
5	Oh. My. Word. This food is insanely good.INSANELY GOOD. It  is so good you will wish you were alone in a private room to enjoy it, because the sounds that come from your mouth will NOT be family-safe.This food is so good it could solve global warming. Worth the price. Worth every cent. WOW.
5	My wife and I went here for our wedding anniversary back in July and we had one of the most amazing dining experiences of my life.  I have a rather bad food allergy to onions of any kind which is an absolute drag when it comes to eating out as 98% of everything has onion of some form in it.  The crew at Ramsay Steak took care of me in a way I didn't know was possible by custom tailoring every dish I ordered to not have onion in it even if that meant changing the recipe for me which they did on several dishes that I really wanted to try.Fast forward to today 9/11/12 and we took my father-in-law out to dinner at Ramsay Steak.  He is a retired gourmet chef and absolutely loved everything just as much as my wife and I.  The foie gras he said was the best he's ever had at a restaurant before and he's traveled the world.  The best moment of the night was the epicurean orgasm on the first bite of the sticky toffee pudding.  Dad just stopped everything he was doing, reached a higher plane of existence for a while then came back to finish the desert.Add to all this that once again the fine group at Ramsay Steak took my lousy food allergy and worked around it, delivering a mind blowing meal and dining experience.  Bravo!
5	My boyfriend and I went and had dinner here because of course, it's Gordon Ramsay!!!  Let me tell you our server, Dennis (who is usually a Menace) was the BEST server we have ever had!!!! Our whole experience was the best!!! We truly think this was the BEST MEAL WE HAVE EVER HAD!!! We know the standards that Gordon Ramsay has, our experience well exceeded his standards!!! We will definitely be back ever time we visit Las Vegas!! We definitley think that the next time Gordon Ramsay is at Steak he should definitely commend Dennis on his Exceptional Service!!!! Dennis is our favorite server EVER!!!! Thank you Dennis and the rest of your staff for making this the best dinner we have EVER had!!!!
5	Would love to tell you about a Great Dinner experience I had at the Ramsay experience here in Las Vegas.We made a reservation for the restaurant and I was expecting it to be a wait because of the Fame and reviews it was getting online. The wait was fine because I was sat in the lounge/bar area and had myself a cocktail before dinner and enjoyed the club/hip decor inside. Thank the lord that I dressed up for this occasion which was just to eat at this restaurant. Being that I am a HUGE Gordon fan I had set the bar extremely HIGH for this meal and dining experience. Our waiter was very nice, we had iPad's as a menu which I loved the update for various reasons! ( I love iPad's) I had a great selection of wine and was able to pair that to my dinner which was of course going to include a Beef Wellington. I had the ALE ONION SOUP from HEAVEN!~ Hot creamy- with just enough to almost fill me up. The bread plate which was hard to resist was then devoured because as I said, we just could not resist it. We also had the " beef Tartare" not for the weary of heart, which unfortunately for my husband he could not finish it. ( I on the other hand finished it ) the smoke infusion was EXTREME!!!My wellington.... Oh my Wellington should be the name, I anticipated this for so long. It was nice and warm - almost not as hot as I would have liked it, but Warm enough for me to enjoy. I ate it all up and devoured the meat accordingly. I was very impressed with the taste and presentation of the dish.  I just did not have a big enough stomach for the night. Low and behold though, a Desert to DIE FOR! I would go back again for the Toffee Desert it's AMAZING!!! It Melts, it Sings, it Oooozzes with Goodness, and then when you taste it, uhhh you can't help but Die... Happiest thing since I don't remember in my mouth as a adult. A night cap and coffee at the end, pressed that is, and with 3 spoons to select from!Tried them all and think I left there so happy I actually wanted to experience it all again!A night out with a girl you are trying to empress, please have a Stash saved up because this place is the expensive one! Lol~ But it's well worth it at the sometime!
1	Horrible reservations process! I called the Ceasars reservations line and was offered a time, the agent patched me thru to the restaurant phone which NEVER picked up. I called the reservation line again and was then given a direct number for the restaurant which still never picked up. On my 3rd call to the reservation line, all the 8 available slots for the day I wanted were gone in a matter of 10 minutes time. On my final call to book a reserv for my birthday, the agent was able to book the spot directly....are u kidding me?!? Why didn't they do that in the first place for the time and date I wanted? Ridiculous system. Not a way to encourage repeat local patrons to return to your property!
5	Best service and food I have had bar none. Donnie & Ian both gave my wife & I the best service you could ask for. If we had question about anything they knew the answer. Their wine and entree suggestions were impeccable. Cob Salad, Kobe Rip Cap & Toffy Desert by far the best meal I have had. Excited to go back next time I'm in town. If you have not gone to Gordan Ramsay Steak you are missing out.
5	God this place is good! From the absolutely perfect delectable food, hand-crafted cocktails & superb service- this place makes it in the top 2 of my best dining experiences ever. Wait staff is extremely attentive & highly knowledgeable. I love being able to look through the wine & cocktail list on an iPad too! Bread service is amazing! Love the variety & unique flavors (truffle & pancetta pinwheels are like crack they are so good!)Being a HUGE fan of Gordon Ramsay I felt it proper to order the Beef Wellington. OMG This is definitely the best thing I have ever eaten! Perfect flaky pastry crust & melt-in-your-mouth perfectly cooked filet inside. My boyfriend wanted to sneak a bite & by the time he got around to I had inhaled it! The baked potato was as big as my head & smothered in smoked gouda bechamel with bacon. I could've bathed in that sauce it was so good. The boyfriend ordered the NY Strip with Foie Gras. Steak was again cooked perfectly & the seared foie gras melted as soon as it touched my tongue. Wish we had room for dessert!Loud, club-like atmosphere was perfect for our double-date dinner with friends before hitting up the casinos. GREAT service & worth every penny you spend! (Get a Total Rewards casino membership card before you go- they're free-and it will save you a few bucks per item.)
4	Wonderful service. To die for mac and cheese ( I am not a mac and cheese fan), delicious Strawberry martini's, and almost tied with my favorite desert of all time... Sticky Toffee Pudding. The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the filet was not the best I have had, not close. It was good, but for the price I expected exceptional.
5	Totally wonderful experience, from the Champagne pouring for the toast, to the fabulous Sticky Toffee Pudding, for dessert. The staff was awesome! We had a group of 14 and were somewhat secluded from the main restaurant, which made our dining experience positively personal and enjoyable. The food was excellent. There was no rush to get us out. It was fabulous. I would recommend everyone have the opportunity to dine here and be treated like royalty. Thanks to Matthew, Steve and staff, for an unforgettable evening
5	I am a huge Gordon Ramsay fan and had to come here. I had a large party and we were seated in a privet area. I made all the reservations through email because I live out of town and it was so easy. The service was incredible. Matthew was his name and not only was he amazing but he made sure the team was too. The food was delicious. We were dieing over our beef wellingtons, the mac and cheese, dessert and everything in between. We also enjoyed had crafted cocktails that looked and tasted good. We even got meet Christina, winner from this seasons hells kitchen. She was so sweet and nice and it totally made my day.Thanks guys for making our night so special!!
5	OUT-FREAKING-STANDING!! I was so excited to eat here after my sisters wedding on 9/15/12.  Our family is total fans of Hell's Kitchen and could not wait to experience this restaurant.  My sister made the reservation, and for our party, a deposit was required. The entire staff that we encountered was exceptional, friendly and fun.  We were escorted to a private dining room (there were 14 of us).  It was intimate,  we were able to toast the newlyweds in private, and tell stories and laugh.  The music was perfect, lighting was awesome, and our server Matthew could not have treated us better.  Our champagne server was Steve. All of the serving staff was professional and quick.  The timing between the courses was perfect.  After watching  soooo much Hell's Kitchen, I could not wait to order the Beef Wellington to see what all the fuss was about.  Oh....I'll tell you, the "fuss" is that Beef Wellington is dang amazing.  I had the Primm's Cup drink with my dinner, and it was worth it.  Refreshing, and crisp, and I got a little buzz on.  The sticky toffee cake is a MUST....a MUST I tell you!!! And not only was our dinner and service amazing, but we received and extra special visit from Hell's Kitchen winner and head chef Christina Wilson!! By the end of our time at Gordon Ramsay's Steak, we felt like family there...and then.. we got the bill....just joking, it was totally worth the $$...$$$ :)All in all, this experience was 10 stars.  It was a perfect ending to an already perfect day.  My gorgeous sister and her new husband had a beautiful wedding and I was honored that they invited us to share in their special day.  I would, without a doubt, recommend this restaurant to everyone.
5	Fantastic atmosphere and even better food. The Beef Wellington was outstanding. Also do not discount the Fish & Chips......Unbelievable.!!!!Matthew was a very knowledgable and attentive waiter
2	What's the point of a reservation?? It doesn't mean anyting here.  We arrived 15 min early for our 915pm and expected to wait a few min but @ 940 we still hadn't been seated and was told that they are just now getting to the 9pm reservations.  Finally @ 10pm they seated us.I got the salmon and it was cooked nicley.  Mike got the ribeye and it was also bloody just how he likes it.  The two sides where the baked potato which was stone cold and the mac and cheese was bland. Both could have used just a pinch of saltI really wanted to love this place but the best thing out of our $175 was our drinks.We won't be returning :-(
5	From being greeted most cordially and professionally outside the restaurant we were taken through the 'Chunnel' which encompasses the bar as well on to our table...a maginificent booth which was one of four serpentine tables as if two S's were connected!  Services became stellar from the beginning from out water service by a charming man to being greeted by our warm and engaging server 'Dennis' to give us some highlights and offer us the cocktail 'I-Pad'...so cool.  As we were looking through the cocktails cyber-style, Jeff Eichelburger, the familiar Sommelier if you have dined anywhere nice in Vegas, poured some Champagne for my date and I and we breifly reminissed as we have worked together before.  We were in HEAVEN.The steak cart arrived which offers the evening's choice of cuts on a circular device that looks like the London Eye, each platform in the circle with a mirror behind it to show the marbeling of each steak...jealous yet?My dining companion who is a Pescatarian, opted for the Black Bass and I chose the bone in New York which is a large beautiful nearly 2in thick steak.For starters we shared the fried oysters served in their shells with a lovely creamy cold sauce while I had the seared foie gras (which was like a small steak) and she had the heirloon tomato salad.  We attacked the oysters first and days later are still talking about how unctuous and bright and crisp there were...don't miss them.My foie gras was meatier than you normally would have...less delicate...have to say I loved it being that way and the fruity drizzle de jour was lovely.  C. loved her tomato salad...every bite.  We left nothing including the 4 kinds of bread which range from crostini and foccacia to pinwheels of of swirled flavor that you must forgive me for forgetting....the bread rocks...that's all you need to know.Entrees arrived and my steak was done to perfection and C's bass was beautifully presented...as if they filleted the whole fish and kept it in tact without the head but the crispy tail remained..cool.The four sides we selected to accompany:  Sauteed wild mushrooms, sweet creamy corn with a cilantro cream dolloped atop, truffled mac n cheese and creamed spinach...all were delicious steakhouse standby's that were generous and completely wonderful...we had quite a doggy bag at dinner's end.Desserts we shared were a warm sticky toffee pudding (decadent) and my chef friend sent out cheesecake with a huge mound of wild strawberry granita and melon and tropical fruit panna cotta...we ate as much as we could and they were all sumptuous!Wines were paired for us by the aforementioned sommelier and they were  perfect for each course...a Sancerre and Napa Valley Cab.  C'mon...forgettaboutit!All in all I am encouraging all to come explore and be pampered with stellar service and impecable steakhouse fare.  Gordon Ramsay Steak doesn't reinvent the wheel...but makes for a smooth ride to a fabulous meal.  I am not giving demotions for anything...right up to fabulous cappuccino to finish..rich and smooth.One word:  GO!You do not get off with a small bill at the end but dining at a famous chef's Las Vegas restaurant...how could you expect to.  We lived it up and as I said had a full meal in leftovers.  One bit of surprise:  No amuse bouche at the beginning and no petit four (garmandise) at the end...didn't seem to matter but just a little surprised for a 'fine dining' steakhouse.
4	The food was truly out of this world. I will probably never eat a better pieece of meat in my life. I was excited for the experience of visiting one of his acclaimed restaurants especially since I'm such a fan of Hell's Kitchen.My two points of disappointment was the wait. We had reservations and still had a pretty lengthy wait. Also the service at the beginning of the meal was terribly slow. It was a good 25 minutes before we even placed our order. I don't care how good the food is, anyone is bound to lose their appetites with slow service like that. But the waiter was very fun and friendly.
5	Short review: This is the best steakhouse in Vegas right now.  I have been to every other place in town and Gordon Ramsay Steak is #1 with a bullet!  Carnevino? Botero? Cut? Stripsteak? Old Homestead? They've all taken a backseat.Longer review:I made a reservation a month in advance for my wife's birthday as this is probably the hottest restaurant on the strip at the moment.  We had heard so many great things and were already foaming at the mouth as we circled the faux Arc de Triomphe.The entrance was cool.  Is this what modern London restaurants look like?  I wouldn't know since I'd just eat Indian if I were there.  All the hostesses looked like they were ready to redo Robert Palmer's "Addicted to Love" video at a drop of a hat.  Now that everyone under 25 years old has no idea what I am referring to...on to the food!We had drinks at the bar while we waited for the table.  I got a gin martini which was accompanied by a very tasty green olive stuffed with bacon and cheese and the wife got the "English Garden" cocktail.  That was a terrific drink as well and very refreshing.  The Ipad cocktail menus were neat to zip through and certainly beat flipping pages.  Finally get seated, order a bottle of red and the wife goes with the "Sonoma Farms Foie Gras" with strawberry jam, bacon bits and buttered slices of English muffin.  WOWOWOWOW!  I've eaten some duck liver in my life but never like this.  Whoever came up with this creation deserves an award!  I'd like to have this for breakfast 3 times a week.  How many points is this on Weight Watchers?  I went with the "Maine Lobster" which was stuffed with chorizo, poached in butter with cream and corn.  That was great as well but all I wanted to do was trade it in for more foie gras.  My wife always gets filet mignon so I was prepared to get the beef wellington but she threw me a curve and actually went wellington.  I knew that the famed butcher Pat LaFrieda from NYC provided all the beef cuts here.  Great meat for sure but we had been to Old Homestead not too long before and thought it might taste kind of the same.  How freakin wrong I was!!  I was ridiculously taken aback upon my first bite of the ribeye.  This is the same cut of ribeye that Old Homestead gets?  Really??  It was mindblowing how different it was seasoned and prepared.  I was in a beef trance and loved every bite.  My wife really liked the beef wellington and the one bite I had was scrumptious but I was too wrapped up in the monster cut in front of me to focus on anything else :PWe had the standard creamed spinach and mac & cheese for sides and both were done perfectly.  Service was A+ too.  Too full for dessert.  Other notes:- I stopped watching "Hell's Kitchen" a few years ago since it seemed like the same season every year but the winner from the most recent season started at the restaurant last week.  She was open to photos and autographs to whoever wanted them.  - Ordering fish at a place that specializes in steak is like ordering a hamburger in a Chinese restaurant.  I don't get it.- Don't forget your Caesars Entertainment players card.  You'll save a wee bit on dinner.
4	3.5 the name and the service made me round up. Soooooooo the wait.......45 minute wait with reservations ended up eating close to 11 pm. That said the specialty drinks were nice. Not great. The Hell's Kitchen drink was good but very weak and the strawberry martini was like any other. Sugar inside Paris has better drinks. The hostesses are a little aloof and you have to stay on top of them or they will forget your table! The wait staff however was so well trained. Professional but not snooty enough to not know how to deal with star struck diners. Ipads as menu's is a little much but it added to the cutting edge London vibe of the place. I kinda likened the inside to a flash back from Austin Powers but with a very modern vibe. Alright now the food. It was sooooo late I couldn't order my beef wellington b/c it was about a 45 min wait for one. I didnt want to eat anything too heavy either and ended up getting an appetizer as an entree I got the chorizo stuffed lobster tail.Tiny.....and chorizo stuffed is really more like a chorizo broth. My bf on the other hand didnt mind eating a pound of meat near midnight. He got the new york strip steak and a side (Which I absolutely can't remember??? potatoes maybe? uneventful in any case) He ordered the steak medium it was defintley medium rare....a little black and blue with too much char for my taste but he enjoyed it. And we split the Blue Cheese Mac n Cheese as an appetizer. The mac was AMAZING. The best mac I have EVER had in my whole life. Last we had a toffee pudding with caramel sauce. It was super late so we took most of it home in the cutest to go bags. It too was pretty amazing. In summation. Waiters great. Hosts lame. Bartenders (oh cause you'll be sitting there a while) are more interested in their tips than anything else. Food is good but pricey. For the price you pay I prefer Mesa's (Mr. Flay's) steak. it was about 175 for two people, two apps one side a dessert and two drinks oh and a bottle of water ;) nice experience though
5	I ate here a few weekends ago and I have to say it was the BEST MEAL I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!  I have had the privilege of eating at some of the best restaurants this country has to offer but none of them compared to the experience I had at Gordon Ramsay Steak!  The service my family received from Donnie and Jessica could not have been better, I have never had such amazing service anywhere else!  The manager Jean even came over to make sure everything was perfect.  I could go on and on about how amazing Donnie, Jessica were but to be blunt they were simply perfect in every single way.  I swear Gordon Ramsay Steak serves the best meal period! And if you are lucky enough to get Donnie and Jessica serving you then you are in for a night of the best service humanly possible.Thanks Gordon Ramsay Steak for a meal I'll never forget!Zach
5	Some problems with the food, but the service was excellent and made the experience a 5 star one.The Good:The steaks here are very good. I was able to sample the 18oz strip, the fillet, and the 24oz bone in rib eye. The aged meat combined with the sear from an extremely high heat produced a really nice flavor. I've dined at Carne Vino several times, Prime, and D.O.C.G for steak and this place would certainly be near the top of that list. I would say the bone in rib eye at Carne Vino is very slightly ahead, but I've had both good and bad steaks there so I'd have to dine here again to be sure. The side dishes we had (asparagus, macaroni, mushrooms, and spinach) were well prepared and flavorful, but nothing mind blowing. Our service on the other hand was amazing and turned what could have been a bad experience into a memorable one. (Thank you Jonel)The Bad:Nothing reallyThe Could be Better:A couple of the appetizers were over seasoned (tortellini, and yellow fin salad), our fillet was overcooked (but promptly replaced, and comped) and the knives. A lot of the silver skin was left on our rib eyes, so attempting to cut through that with the knives they gave us was quite the ordeal. Not having a properly sharp steak knife results in marring, tearing and ripping the flesh. Not only does this spill all the lovely juices everywhere, but it makes it hard work to eat. I will however note that this was not a problem with the fillet.Every piece of meat is a little different so I'm willing to give the restaurant 5 stars on account of the excellent service, and the overall great flavors in all the dishes.
5	A couple of months ago, I wrote a review about Mesa Grill in New York City, saying it was one of the best meals I've ever had in my life.I shall make a similar statement now with a much more aggressive statement. Gordon Ramsay Steak in Las Vegas is THE best meal I've ever had in my life.After watching Hell's Kitchen, I made it my goal to eat at this restaurant. Luckily, I had planned a birthday celebration for a weekend and was able to snag a reservation to the restaurant with three of my friends and my girlfriend.Coming into it, I can't really say that I knew what to expect. I was expecting good food, but this completely blew me away.First, the service. Our server's name was Matt, he was a very very friendly man. He introduced himself and explained how ordering drinks would work. Ordering drinks? How they work? Isn't it just..."I would like this drink? Or, what is in this drink?"NOPE! He whipped out an iPad (OOOOOOHHHHH!) and showed us the Gordon Ramsay Steak iPad Drink App. From this, we could choose various types of drinks and see what ingredients it had, what it would look like, and even build up a list of drinks we wanted to try. We could all just add this into a checkout menu and he could get us our drinks this way, or, if we wanted, we could order it in the traditional way. Very cool, very well done. Our server Matt then showed us the menu. He also pointed out that if we wanted, we could try a menu specially prepared by Gordon Ramsay. This would be a four course meal and we would get a souvenir menu with a photo of Gordon Ramsay cooking in it. We opted out of this, as this was too much food for us, but next time...I will give it a shot.A cart pulled up with various cuts of steak on it and a quick tutorial was given on what kind of cut was what. That was pretty cool. Matt seemed knowledgeable and answered our questions with ease.After discussing for a bit what we all wanted to eat, we finally decided on our choices. This was a steak house, so....it had to be something with steak.Four of us ordered two orders of the Beef Wellington for two, Chef Ramsay's speciality. To be perfectly honest, I had no idea what Beef Wellington would taste like, I just kept seeing it on the show and so really wanted to try it.Our sides included the Mac and Cheese (a favorite of the restaurant, Matt claimed), the creamed spinach, and Fire Corn.We got a bread plate that was just amazing. Mushroom truffle bread, bacon bread, it was an amazing beginning to an epic meal.OH MY GOD. The Beef Wellington came out looking glorious. My knife cut through it and upon putting the first piece in my mouth, FLAVORASM. This is about as close to perfection as I imagine food could possible taste.The sides were just as delicious. I'm a fan of corn, so the fire corn was my favorite, followed by the spinach and then the mac and cheese. All of it was cooked and seasoned to perfection and honestly, if I was forced to eat any of those sides for the rest of my life, I would live and die a very happy and wellfed man.Everyone dined in happiness and every other sentence out of our mouths was, "OH MY GOD, THIS IS DELICIOUS."I've never been to a meal where more people were happy and kept voicing how delicious their food was. And it was. It was the most delicious meal I've ever had in my life, in my 27 years.The staff was friendly and polite throughout the entire meal, apologizing when they had to reach over us to grab a plate to take away, bringin us new utensils when needed, refilling our water as often as needed.Finally, we finished our meal quite full. Matt comes up to our table and asks, "Dessert?"Even full, we knew what had to be done. We knew what must be said and what our next course of action should be. "YES."Dessert was a toffee cake (sorry, cannot remember the exact name) but the five of us split one. It was an amazing dessert and quite good with just two or three bites as it was quite flavorful and packed with awesome.We finished up dessert and our server came up with the check. After paying, he asked us how our meal was and we responded quite honestly that it was the best meal we've ever had.He was happy about that, we were happy and full, it was a good feel situation. However, what he said was surprising."Do any of you use Yelp? Someone gave us a low review and I'm making it my personal mission to get us back up to what we should be!"I quickly agreed that this was a travesty and must be remedied. He asked if I would be willing to spend some time to write a review of this place, to let people know what I thought of the place. I have to say, when you eat at a restaurant where ever your host feels SO STRONGLY that he personally asks people if they would be willing to take the time out to review a place, that shows me that this is indeed a restaurant I will be returning to time and time again. With such a devoted staff, and such care for its customers, this place definitely deserves its 5 stars.
5	Gordon Ramsay steak is one of the best restaurants in Vegas.  The atmosphere is very chic and the British flag painted on the ceiling adds a nice touch.  We both ordered the 24oz Bone in Ribeye cooked medium well.  Our sides were mac n cheese and cream spinach.  Steak was cooked perfectly and the sides were awesome.  Our waiter and the other staff were very helpful and our glasses never got below half full.  We were in Vegas for our honeymoon and this was an experience we will never forget.  Will definitely visit the restaurant again!!!
5	The BEST dining experience we have ever had. My husband and I were in Vegas in September for his birthday. I called in advance( recommend) to make a reservation. We eat out a lot and always say we need to start blogging about where we eat and the experience. To tell you the truth our taste buds have been bored until we got to Gordon's steakhouse. When you walk in the door (tunnel) you immediately get a warm welcome. We waited in the full service bar until our table was ready. The wait staff was very kind, happy, busy and many people were eating at the bar. We had a glass of wine and shortly after went to be seated. The restaurant is beautiful. Our waiter was fabulous, and attentive. I loved the palate of cuts of meat and very descriptive discussion of each. I loved that i could see the kitchen hard at work. They made sure each person at the table received their plate at the same time, two, four or six people! The plate was placed down and our waiter began his description of each dish. We had mouth watering filet's, creamed spinach, mac and cheese to die for. Oh and a plate of bread, small samples of many kinds, which i never got passed the bacon bread it was so delicious. Our bellies (full of course ) we would try the sticky toffee pudding ( house favorite) and you will know why when you try it.  It is so worth the money because we can not stop talking to our friends about it. A must in Vegas. Hope he opens one in Houston. Enjoy
5	Being a huge Hell's Kitchen Fan, I was excited to hear that Gordon Ramsay was coming to Las Vegas with the opening of Gordon Ramsay Steak in the Paris Hotel.  Although I have dined at many places that donned Beef Wellington on their menu, I vowed that Gordon Ramsay's would be my first and he did not disappoint!  I can only describe it as completely over-whelmington!  Roasted to perfection, succulent, and presentation perfect.Our server was Olga and she brought in on! Not only was she an excellent server but also she had an answer to every question a Hell's Kitchen fan might have.  After finally scoring a wellington that rightfully made it over the pass...See more at:  http://www.coolvacationtips.com
5	I have been to many countries, and I have eaten at a lot of great restaurants, but this one gets my number-1 vote!  Except for pricing, this is definitely as good as it gets!  We had to make reservations a few days in advance, and if I were to do it again I would call at least a week before.  First we were greeted by Danielle and Miana who introduced us to the restaurant by explaining that the main theme of the restaurant was the Chunnel between London and Paris.  They pointed out several accoutrements that I will not mention here so that if you decide to go you will be pleasantly surprised.  After we were seated at our booth we were greeted by our waiter, Adrian, a very friendly and knowledgeable individual who didn't hesitate to interact, and entertain my  questions.  Adrian had a wonderful assistant, Mouhamadou, whose smile was infectious and who kept us engaged with a spirit of goodness unmatched.  Our wine connoisseur was Steven.  Steven was prompt, knowledgeable, and ready with a smile.  On to the food!  We were presented with in-person cuts of steak expertly placed on a cart rack so that we could view each one.  Adrian was very knowledgeable on his recommendations, and after listening and considering each one, we chose the American Kobe End Cap.  I also chose a lobster tail and a baked potato.  My partner chose an asparagus soup.  The food came out promptly.  We didn't have to wait long, yet there was enough time to drink a glass of wine or two with some delectable varieties of breads.  The steaks came and they were so good we wanted to linger for days!  The most delicious steak I've had!  My partner said the same thing.  The baked potato was cooked perfectly, and was probably the largest baked potato I've ever seen!As we dined we spotted Kevin Hee, the executive chef.  We watched him as he observed his chefs, and occasionally tasted the food.  We were thoroughly impressed. To be a good chef you must TASTE the food.  Then we spotted Christina Wilson, the head chef, and winner of one of the Hell's Kitchen competitions.  I asked to meet both Chef Hee and Chef Wilson, and they were gracious enough to meet with me and allow me to have photos taken.  Thank you so much.  I asked Adrian if I could speak with the manager, and we were promptly greeted at our table by the assistant general manager, Michael Speagle.  I felt compelled to pay compliments to him and his entire staff for not only the good food and service, but for the general dining experience.  This is a must for any restaurant lover.  Save some of your gambling money and make your reservations!
3	My girlfriend and I decided on Gordon Ramsey Steak for a dinner before our wedding. I am a huge Ramsey fan and enjoy watching him on his BBC and US shows so it was a highlight of the trip for me. I have to be honest, it was disappointing. Both steaks undercooked. One med-rare came out bloody, the other med-rare came out medium at best. Had to send them bah only to have them refired and brought back charred on outside and tough and chewy.  Three other meals sent back while we waited.  For the price, for the name sake, this was not acceptable. I would honestly compare the steaks we received to something from a Golden Corral or the like. Food quality did not seem to be important and not what I expected from a restaurant using Gordon Ramsey's name. Would love to go back and would be open to trying again to be fair, the entrees were removed from bill without us asking but, we wanted to experience a solid rounded meal and ended up going and eating elsewhere later.
4	During our recent trip to Vegas my husband and I booked our anniversary dinner at Gordon Ramsay Steak for 7:00 PM on a Tuesday. We arrived on time and were told our table was not yet ready and that we could wait in the lounge. Once inside, we discovered the restaurant was quite small and the lounge packed full of people eating dinner without a reservation. There was also not an empty seat to be found at the bar nor any room to move about. We finally got lucky and snagged a dirty corner table in the lounge. After 5 minutes a waitress brought over an iPad and asked if we'd like to order drinks, but she never returned. We waited another 10 minutes and finally someone else came to fetch us and showed us to our table.We were taken around the corner to a half booth/half table, and we might as well have joined the patrons next to us, as literally I could have reached out and helped myself to their bread basket. There was nothing intimate or romantic about this meal. The music was as loud as a nightclub and we could barely hear each other across the table from one another. We had more room and privacy at the lounge table.Once again our server brought over the iPad and asked about drinks, and again I placed an order for $14 cocktails (Pimm's Cup). I thought it was decent and pretty strong, but my husband didn't care for it and afterward he ordered an iced tea ($7!!!) Our server drug over a huge metal pedestal cart full of the different cuts of meat, but I could not hear a word he said over the loud music. He also seemed completely checked out and had to drag that huge meat tray around to five other tables near us and give the same speech over and over. I ordered the Beef Wellingon ($54) and my husband the Duet of Lamb ($48) (lamb chop and shepherd's pie) with a side of Mac & Cheese ($13). We ordered Kobe Beef Sliders ($18) to start as we were warned the Wellington would take 45 minutes to cook. The sliders came out quickly, but were tiny (only two) albeit tasty, but ouch the price tag for only a bite each. The bread plate was also great and the sea salt butter was a nice touch.The main courses were out of this world! The small amount of potato puree that came with the Beef Wellington was amazing. I wanted to lick the plate. The meat melted in my mouth and the pastry was delicious and flaky. I had been dying to try it being a fan of Hell's Kitchen and watching them make it every week/season. My husband's lamb chop was lovely and the shepherd's pie was quite good as well. We were both disappointed with the Mac & Cheese and quite frankly have had better elsewhere.We followed up the meal with Sticky Toffee Pudding ($14), and Oh. My. God. Life changing. I don't think I have had a better desert anywhere ever. The cake was moist, the brown butter ice cream salty and sweet, and oh that little tiny pitcher of liquid brown sugar toffee-- to die for.The atmosphere and service of this place blows. Who wants to eat a fancy fine dining meal in a nightclub sitting basically on the lap of the person next to you in another party?! It's obvious the goal is to pack you in like a sardine and turn the table over as soon as possible. There was no personalized service or attention and we were just one of many. About five different people brought us our food, drinks, bread, etc. The patrons were in all manner of dress from tracksuits and jeans/shorts to cocktail dresses and business casual. Of course, it's Vegas so I suppose that is to be expected just odd to see in a "fine dining" restaurant.In the end I have to say that the food itself almost makes up for most of the shortcomings though it seems they definitely have some kinks to work as far as getting folks seated on time, returning to take drink orders, turning the music down, and spacing out the tables. Also, there was no Gordon nor Christina to be found (just in case you were wondering). I get the feeling his name was just slapped on the marquee and she is probably rarely there for anything other than appearance sake. The pricing is also confusing. The menu online has one set of prices, but once you're actually there it is several dollars more for each item and then there is a third price if you are a Total Rewards member which we are.This is not the kind of place for a relaxing and romantic anniversary dinner, which they made no mention of even though they asked when the reservation was made. Previously I didn't expect anything, but we had dined at Hubert Keller's Fleur the night before and the bar was set high. There we were wished a happy anniversary several times in addition to being presented with a special desert which was very impressive. Gordon Ramsay? Nada.If this place is still open next time we're in Vegas, I'd order desert to go or possibly just eat it at the bar or in the lounge, loud music and all.. Other than that, I don't think we will drop another $200 + in this place again. Still, I gave it an extra star because the food was delicious.
5	If I were going to be picky, I'd complain that the lounge is too small -- but there's a simple answer to that -- don't arrive early.  Once inside, though, the food was simply amazing.  Even under the most critical eye every single plate was perfectly prepared.  The loaded baked potato was the least impressive dish, but that felt like saying that last year's Ferrari wasn't as good as the new Ferrari... in other words, it was still pretty doggone spectacular.The ambiance is slightly loud, but that's the theme of the entire casino -- within that context the restaurant is restrained, but just ignore the music and enjoy the foodie experience!
4	Don't get me wrong- the steak was absolutely Sex on a plate!I am stopping short at 4 stars merely because the noise level and size of the small table we were seated at made the experience little uncomfortable. We were seated upstairs against the railing at a small round table. With bread, a bottle of wine, water and cocktails all at the same time there was so little space that I nearly killed a waiter below with a small plate that slid off the table and came crashing down to the kitchen below narrowly missing a waitstaff...Service was spot-on, attentive without being overbearing. I tried to get our waiter to swear at me, asking him to tell me to F_CK OFF Ramsay style off with no avail...Started with Onion soup while my girlfriend had a salad. Both excellent. Then onto the tortellini, delicious. Moving on I had the American Kobe Rib Cap - this is the fatty outer edge of a ribeye steak - it was one of the best pieces of meat I've ever ate. The absolute star of the show was my girlfriends American Kobe Filet Mignon. It melted in your mouth like butter and was actually larger than the 8oz promised, I guess it was 10oz. Steak will never be the same for me.BOTTOM LINE: Sex on a plate. Not to be missed.
5	A few friends and I wanted to "splurge" while in Vegas.  My friend made reservations for us a few weeks ahead of time.  I figured it would be awesome but after coming in and seeing Christina (winner from Hell's Kitchen) I was sold.  However, that was only the beginning.  Although, it was a bit full in the bar and we had to stand for a few minutes drinking  spectacular drinks in fancy glasses the night had just gotten started.  We had to wait a few minutes after our reservation time - totally worth it as Gordon Ramsey himself was in the house!!!!!  He hung out for about 20 minutes and took pictures.  Awesome!! We were seated at a table that faced the kitchen - I felt like we were at the VIP table in Hell's Kitchen!! Freddy, our waiter, and Johnny were awesome.  Polite, funny, knowledgeable, fun and very attentive.  The staff look like models!! When they bring out your plates it is like a runway show of waiters - all food is delivered simultaneously and set down with perfection.  It was awesome to see that all that perfectionism Gordon Ramsey speaks on TV is exactly what his restaurant displayed!! The ipad drink menu, meat display, and personalized attention made me feel like we were definitely getting our monies worth.  We each ordered a different type of meat and sides.  We had the french onion soup, shrimp cocktail and stuffed lobster with chorizo appetizers.  O ... wow each was amazing.  Then came our meals ... the sides are shareable and we each tasted everything.  The Kobe fillet was spectacular and the mac and cheese (yeah I know you think you go to Gordon Ramsey Steak and order mac and cheese??) but I am not joking when I say it had fabulous flavor and was just so creamy and perfect.  I did not want to leave one noodle.  Just like we had read on-line we got the sticky pudding - there are no words to describe how fantastic this dessert is!! Get it and share ... you will fall in love!!The check is a bit hard to swallow - but we knew it would be expensive before heading into it.  We would do it again no question.
5	I'm not going to waste your time with a long, drawn out, review.  Just go there.  Pony up the dough and go!  Best meal of my life.
5	Holy crap this place is so awesome.  We were here on a Friday night for a table of 4...and we had a great time.  Our server, Dennis, was super awesome, and their bussers or server helpers never let our glasses be below half empty.  We all ordered appetizers and they all came out at same time with 4 different people bringing out each of our food, it was like we each had our own little server. =)Our server brought out this cart full of raw meat with all the different cuts to illustrate how things were cut and what we would be ordering.The appetizers we ordered:Onion soup - pretty good, the bread on top was really goodTortellini - REALLY goodSomething Lobster related - really goodRaw oysters - really fresh and tastyMain entrees:His famous beef wellington - AMAZINGThe rest of us ordered the Bone in rib-eye which was soooo tasty and the meat was so tender and sooooo good, AND it was a huge 24 ouncesWe also had the mushrooms on the side which were really good too. We were all too full to have dessert...Oh...and the winner from Hell's Kitchen was actually there that night...it was cool to see that. (can't remember her name but I know her face...)I would definitely come back here again and again...
5	Lege...nd... Wait for it... ary!We were a little concerned that this place would be a gimicky but figured that could be fun and decided to try it out for my 30th birthday.Wow Steak was simply awesome and the owner even made an appearance in the kitchen to much fanfare.Both the stranger sitting next to me and I got the beef wellington and mutually concurred that it satisfied the missing link in our respective lives.Sit at the bar if you can find a spot and enjoy. It's definitely club meets steakhouse so be prepared... But it made the evening even more fun!
5	Beef Wellington & Sticky Toffee Pudding were excellent. The wait staff were top notch. I was impressed how multiple people were able to juggle one table without repeating themselves (i.e. "may I take your order").
5	Just to update my review, I wanted to add that I made contact with each person I mentioned in my review and either wrote their names down or collected their business cards so that I would remember... I did have some red wine on board!Also, the dress code is business casual.
5	We just came here last week on the Vegas part of our honeymoon.  Unfortunately I made the mistake of not making reservations in advance and there weren't any tables left for the last couple of nights we would be there.  We couldn't leave Vegas without eating here so we opted to eat in the lounge/bar area which was still a nice atmosphere and provided us with a slightly more snug, but comfortable table after letting a few people pass us in line.  The only downside was the wait of 1hr+ to be seated, but it was barely noticed since we were enjoying watching Christine in the kitchen.We ordered a bottle of Chianti from the Ipad cocktail menu.  The prices were very reasonable and they provide a great selection of bottles from average to premium.  Since we were advised that we would be waiting at least 45 minutes for our entrees, we decided to order a couple of cocktails to start.  The Ipad came in very handy since it provided images as well as ingredient lists for each drink.  My wife ordered a Mojito, which wasn't on the menu and it was far too sweet for both of our palates.  I ordered an English Garden, which was an excellent cocktail containing Hendrick's, basil, lemon, cucumber.  It was definitely the best use of gin that I have ever experienced in a drink.Our meal started with a bread basket containing about 5 different varieties of bread.  The most notable were the 2 brioche, but the one containing pancetta specifically stood out.  We then followed up with an order of Short Rib Tortellini with foie gras, which was so good that my wife and I are still talking about it. For our entrees, I ordered the bone-in strip loin with a bone marrow sauce and my wife ordered Gordon's acclaimed Beef Wellington, also the reason for our 45 minute wait which was well worth it.  My strip was cooked perfectly and was defintely one of the best steaks that I have ever had.  The bone marrow sauce was rich and added a lot of flavour, although I found if too much was used it overpowered the meat.  My wife's Beef Wellington was phenomenal; it was a beautifully tender piece of meat that could almost be cut with a fork alone surrounding by a perfect amount of light pastry.Even though we were both feeling fairly full at this point, we couldn't leave without trying Gordon's highly-renowned Sticky Toffee Pudding.  It was one of the most decadent desserts that either of us have ever tried.  The Brown Butter Ice Cream that it was served with could have stood up on it's own as a phenomenal dessert, but complimented the pudding perfectly.Overall, I would highly recommend going to Gordon Ramsay Steak if you're in Vegas.  I know that any of our visits in future will include a dinner here, as well as reservations made well in advance.
3	Food was very good but not worth putting up with the extremely loud music and tiny tables.  The music is so loud that you can barely hear your table mate much less the waitstaff!  My expectation in a fine dining establishment is that you should be able to enjoy the food with the ambiance enhancing the experience.  Unfortunately this is not the case here.  I felt a sense of relief (and quiet) when I stepped back into the casino...in all, food is worth it if you wear earplugs.
5	I am a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay and his restaurants around the world as well as most of his television programs.  So, I guess it was not unusual for me to fly 2000 miles West just to eat at Gordon Ramsay Steak to check out the place and see how Christina (winner of Hell's Kitchen 2012) was doing as the new chef.  THAT was my only purpose in making the trip.I had a reservation for one at 7:15pm and was promptly taken through the entrance that resembled the London Tube.  On my way to the table, the hostess explained the oddly shaped light in the middle of the main room (no spoiler alert here) and seated me at a great table where I could view the open kitchen.  Whew, those folks work hard.  I guess they don't want GR to yell at them.Anyway, my server (Matthew) arrived with iPad in had to show me the wine and drink selections.  I am sure it was bad enough for him to see that he had to wait on a "single" but when he learned that the single did not drink, he must have thought he had really drawn the short straw.  However, he never showed it all night long.  He was assisted by another server and the two of them did a great job of treating me like a king all night long.  Like all GR restaurants, during the meal you are severed by many other in addition to your "main" servers.This is a steak place and they brought out the selection of steaks in a most interesting way.  It is best described by saying you have to see it to understand it, but the steak selections were on a cart shaped like a wheel.  I was very easy to see all of the steaks and Matthew did a great job of explaining all of them to me.  There are MANY other things on the menu from seafood to chicken, but steak is the centerpiece of this place.I went with the beef wellington.  I also had the fried oysters.  They were garnished with creame fraiche.  Outstanding.  That was followed by a wonderful caesar salad which was garnished with a scotch egg.  Then came the steak.  It was prepared to perfection along with root veggies and potato puree.  I also order a side of brussel sprouts (don't turn your nose up until you try them).  EVERYTHING I ate was off the charts wonderful.However, as others have written here, the star of the night was the sticky toffee pudding.  Holy Smoke!  It was the best dessert I have EVER had.  It is served with ice cream that is on the plate and shaped like a whole stick of butter.I thought the prices were fine and the value was outstanding.  If you go to Vegas, make this a stop before you drop all you money at the tables or on a show.  THIS will be the "event" you'll be talking about when you get home!
5	This was fantastic. The service was the best I have ever had, the food was just perfect. We opted to eat later after the dinner rush and that was the best move. In Vegas , late dinner is the prelude to a great evening so rest all day and plan your full night out. But stop here first!!
5	There was nothing that I ate that wasn't awesome. Donny and Jose provided awesome service. Worth every dollar!
5	My husband and I are big fans of Gorden Ramsay. I was excited to see Christina at the pass as we followed this past season of Hell's Kitchen. We had make reservations a couple of months ahead of time to assure the time we wanted. We were seated promptly as a very nice table for two on the lower level. Very comfortable seating. We started with the signature drinks that were fantastic. Our app was the Alaskan King Crab that was quite tasty along with the house bread. I had the Prime Ribeye with a side of haricot vert. Steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly, absolutely delicious. My husband had the Wellington, his however we thought was under seasoned but cooked well. The potato puree was good, not fantastic. We thought that was too bad seeing it was on the Hell's Kitchen show. I would recommend this restaurant it was quite good. It is a bit pricey, however similar to the other celebrity steak houses. I would say plan on $150pp. I thought it was worth it.
5	This should be one of the best steaks you will ever consume....it definitely was for me.  I've been here twice now, and each time, I had outstanding food.Atmosphere and setting is great...although the dress code is not enforced, it did not cheapen the night.   Service was excellent and above all, the food was amazing!  They also have a great wine and bottle selection, in all price ranges.The comp bread selection :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=2RVsI-brRnb7mLO2h5JFPA#Y31dBHh-ymp7NBmYSQbyDQThe bread platter had a good variety! My favorite was probably the bacon bread...for good reason!The dinner company wasn't craving red meat, so she went with the fish and chips.  It was unbelievably good....more like gourmet fish fillet with a slight breading and an  outstanding taste.  YumI went with the ribeye...it was 24oz of 30 days dry aged beef.  :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=2RVsI-brRnb7mLO2h5JFPA#2RVsI-brRnb7mLO2h5JFPAI could throw out a nice number of adjectives at you, and tell you cliche things, like how it melts in your mouth, but the truth tells itself :I ate the ENTIRE thing...AND almost every piece of fat that was on this thing.  The FAT was so tender on this ribeye, that it truly melted in your mouth, and gave the rest of the steak a super intense flavor when combined.  I seriously couldn't help myself...it was like a drug.  I was so stuffed, but I kept eating so that I could really savor each bite.  That "close your eyes, that was the best piece of cow I have ever consumed" feel.The sides :http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=2RVsI-brRnb7mLO2h5JFPA#_JKeY5Vn87VtB_SOasPPCQMac & Cheese : blue, cheddar, parmesan, and truffle. Fingerling Potatoes : parmesan and truffle. The mac and cheese here is great, but the fingerling potatoes blew my mind! There was so much truffle flavor hiding in between the potatoes....Probably the best way I've consumed potatoes and truffles to date LOL!For dessert, I have no idea how I fit it in...but we went with the toffee pudding or whatever it was called...excellent.  Not sure why this was so good, but it was one of my favorite desserts I have had to date....it just works.I will be back!  Trying to space out eating entire days worth of calories and fat intake in one setting lol.
5	Absolutely amazing ! Great food , beef Wellington that melts in your mouth like butter. Asparagus soup wow. And the baked potato ( a la cart) would serve 4 people. Everything you would expect from chef Ramsey !
5	My expectations were high, and I was not disappointed. I read through the other reveiws and they all seem to sum it up well in terms of service and atmosphere.  In two words, stunning and spectacular.The food, not to copy other reviews, but it was truly sex on a plate.  I want more and I want it again.   I had the heirloom tomato salad, 8oz American Kobe filet, fingerling potatoes, and of course I saved room for chocolate cake.  It was amazing and it has changed how I look at food.  It has elevated my palate. My only note is that the music was a bit loud, and a bit more like nightclub music than I prefer, but I really didn't care, I was in heaven.  Christina Wilson, Head Chef and winner of Hell's Kitchen was there and she was gracious enough to pause from a very busy dinner service to take a picture and to say hello to us an few other fans.  As a huge Hell's Kitchen fan, it made my week.  I can't wait to go back the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	Exceptional service, delicious food, tasty cocktails!Start with the antioxidant berry cocktail -- not too sweet, just the right aperitif. I had the butter-poached lobster with chorizo....sooooo good!The British pub ale onion soup was tasty, but I was craving more melted cheese.The beef Wellington was splendid! Well worth it!Ordered the side of roasted bone marrow, which would have benefited from another 3 minutes in the oven...a miss on this one.Finished the meal with sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream (OMG...so good)!Cappuccino with chocolate spoons were also delightful. One of the best dining experiences on the Strip!
5	The food is amazing!!!  The Beef Wellington signature dish and the steaks are both amazing.   Even today, the day after, I am amazed how great the steak is.  The side dishes are enough for two people to share, which is great!  The meals are a little on the expensive side, but I feel that the experience was well worth it!  This is definitely a place to go.
4	The biggest complaint I have with this place is getting a reservation.  They don't do online reservations b/c they apparently don't know it's 2012. So you have to call. AND you can't just call Paris, you have to call the restaurant, and it's not like the restaurant every picks up the phone..other BIG issue you will get hard busy signals like you used to do in the 1990's. No kidding. You can't even get through.Food is exceptional, amazing steak, the fingerling potatoes which typically are super boring are phenomenal [meat and potatoes!!!!! makes this girl happy!]I talked my dinner date into the tomato and pickle dressing salad, he was VERY skeptical, looked at me like I was crazy...so we shared it. After his first bite he said "can we order another one?" made me laugh!  That's my favorite thing there so try it- you will surprise yourself that tomatoes and pickles can be so AMAZING.I still say this is one of the top 3 steaks I've ever eaten across the country. They lost a star b/c of the reservation debacles.
4	Had to make reservations 2 months in advance, so well worth the advance planning. Great things: excellent service (especially from our SA Andrew!), happening atmosphere, savory onion soup as a starter, a spectacular aged rib cap steak, Beef Wellington, sticky toffee pudding, and spiced apple cake. At $320, this was the second most expensive dinner in our 15 years of marriage & muy delicioso! Not great things: a 6 oz lobster tail for $38 ($6.33 a bite???) but that's on me for letting our waiter upsell me an add-on without looking at $, the so-so mac&cheese that would be much better sans blue cheese (see Patti LaBelle's m&c recipe), and music so loud that the table next to us had to leave before they even ordered.A review gets 5 stars if I walk away with no regrets. Hence, 4 stars for Chef.
5	My partner and I dined here on October 18th 2012. I am a New Orleans native, and this is one of the best dining experiences I have ever had.  I will summarize our experience while addressing some of the things I read in a few of the more critical reviews.  First of all, we did not have any difficulty reserving a table. We did not encounter busy signals, nor were we placed on hold either on the initial call, nor the call to confirm our reservation the day prior.  I will admit that the hostesses did seem a bit 'snobby' to me. When we arrived and said that we had a reservation, the girl held up a finger and said "one minute". No eye contact. The hostess that then walked us back to our table also seemed very cold and unfriendly. She was saying the right things, I guess , but didn't seem genuine and never made eye contact.We did not find the music too loud. We were able to carry on a conversation without difficulty. Our waitstaff (Michael and Alexis) were phenomenal. I have to say that it has been a very long time since I was really blown away by the level of customer service I received somewhere. The communication between the waitstaff was phenomenal. They were courteous and attentive. I left wondering what I could change in my own office to make our clients leave feeling this great about the service that they receive. I cannot say enough good things about these 2, they were really wonderful. The seating was comfortable. The tables were a comfortable distance apart. I thought that the flatware & dishes were elegant and smart. The food was fantastic. I had the Caesar Salad and the Beef Wellington. My partner had Braised Pork Belly. It was really wonderful. I wish we would have had room for more, but the portions were more than generous, and I was stuffed and couldn't finish the Wellington. I can't express strongly enough how fantastic this dining experience was. The food was incredibly delicious, the service was spectacular (and inspiring) and it is an experience I will always remember.  While I can't speak for other people on the waitstaff, I know that aside from the hostesses, I didn't see a single person leaning, lounging or shuffling their feet.  Everyone was in motion. Our glasses were NEVER empty (or even close to empty), a dirty plate or utensil was collected before I could scoot them away from myself. My partner and I enjoyed Vegas, and our experience at Gordon Ramsey Steak is one of the main reasons we will be sure to return for another visit!! I can't wait to try something else on the menu. :)
2	I am torn between a 2 or 3 star. We had a terrible time getting a reservation. My friend was visiting and her flight was at 6am so she wanted to eat early. We had a 5PM reservation and they said they don't hold reservations. I arrived at 4:40 and there were 4 hostesses gabbing. I walked up to check in and they told me I had to get in line to check in?? I said can't I just check in and wait at the bar. NOPE. They don't open the doors until 5. Seems to me I'd open at 4 and get some cocktail revenue. Plus, wouldn't it be just as easy and more polite to just check me in? But hey, what do I know. They were pretty snooty and I don't know why. Bet they don't make enough to eat there. So I stand in line like an asshole and wait. Then at 5 she yells out who has a reservation. We are seated quickly and the waiter brings an iPad with the specialty drinks. There are no prices on the drink menu. The tables are on top of each other NYC style. That would have been OK, if they didn't squeeze 5 people in a 4 top right next to me. The guy was huge and I had to keep myself tucked in like the middle seat on a plane. Luckily they were really nice and I had fun talking to them. Food-Brown butter tortellini $20  it was okBeef Wellington $54 which is the signature dish. You can only get it rare, but it is baked so it isn't bloody for us medium eaters. The Wellington itself was pretty good. I hated the sauce it was floating in. It tasted like something from NASA. The root vegetables were fantastic! All 2 bites of them. Creamed spinach $12 was pretty yummy. Filet $78 She ordered it medium and I swear it was going to moo. She sent it back and it returned exactly the same. She ended up not eating it and taking it to goSticky toffee pudding $14 for dessert. Good. French press coffee $12 that came with chocolate spoons That was the highlight of the meal. A must have. One Beaujoulais wine $12One antioxidant cocktail $14Pricewise, ridic. It was $210, plus tip. To be squished in, not able to breathe, rude hostesses, and pretentious and annoying assistant waiters. Our waiter was pretty nice and efficient.  So to sum up this rant. Don't bother. I'd way prefer STK, Craft, Nine, Gallaghers, even Outback, actually almost anywhere but here. Gordon needs to show up here and do some swearing. Def a tourist trap. Oh, and one last thing- I hated the music. annoyed the heck out of me.
4	Stunning!  That Wellington is cooked perfectly!! *said with british accent*Yep, I did it.  I finally got a Ramsey Wellington.  And, it was all that!!The interior is fantastic, it's a mix of upscale/contemporary/chic laid out in fantastic oval with a balcony overlooking part of the dining and bar areas.  A large hanging neon art piece suspended from the painted British flag ceiling models Chef Gordon Ramseys hands as he prepares a Wellington, obviously his signature dish, it's great that the restaraunt which has his name infuses also his culture and himself.  Bravo.I'll shop short at a 5 (I'd actually go 4.5 if I could), I did expect a bit more meaty items on the appetizer list, rather mostly seafood.. which is great to accompany your steak, but what if you already where lined up for seafood?  Or what if you dont like seafood?  We ddi get the oysters on the half shell and they were as expected.  The only other thing was that, although the app for ordering drinks was on an Ipad (how cool is that) it tends to freeze up and is kind of hard to use. But, this place should definately be on your Vegas to do list if you like Steak!
5	A week ago I dined at GR Steak for the second time, and it was just as a memorable as the first time. I love the decor, music, uniforms, but most of all the menu and cocktail selections. Our server Donnie was amazing. He knew exactly what to recommend, was attentive, and did not rush our dining experience. I highly recommend asking for his section if possible. We started with Side Car martinis..the best I have ever had. For appetizers we shared a half dozen fresh and juicy oysters, caesar salad (the most unique dressing I've ever tasted), hamachi carpaccio with truffle, and lobster stuffed with chorizo. For my main course I had the Fishermans Grill which consists of mussels, prawns and assorted fish, each cooked to perfection with a little curry aioli for dipping. It was divine! My friend had the rib eye cap, which had the perfect charred crust and then when you sliced into it, a perfect medium rare. It was one of the best steaks I have ever tasted, and the portion was for a normal appetite. We tried the carrots with ranch seasoning and crisy chicken skin and the sauteed mushrooms as sides. Both were so yummy, but we were really full and didnt need them. For dessert we had the sticky toffee pudding and it was better than the first time I tried it. After mentioning this the wonderful manager Amanda, the pastry chef came out to our table to make sure we were happy. We felt like VIPS. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Las Vegas.
2	I have eaten here twice and I had a similar experience both times.  The service was very good!  The atmosphere was OK.  The food was average.  I have been to all of the top tier steak houses in Vegas and this would definitely not be in the top five.  Ramsey is a marketing genius and I am sure this restaurant will be a huge success due to his name recognition.  But if you want quality for the price check out STK, Nine, Cut or about a dozen others.
5	My hubby and I had dinner here back   In October. Everything from the service and food was amazing. We had the seafood platter for an appetizer which was all fresh tasting and delicious. For our dinner my husband had the rib end cap and I had the filet mignon. I felt like I was eating beef butter it was so tender. My husband liked his but said mine was crazy good. The side was spinach which was good and for dessert  we had the toffee pudding. Wow!!! This was awesome. We also had a bottle of wine and our wine sommelier could not have been more helpful.I know some people complained about the music being loud but I didn't have a problem with it. I could still hear our conversation and waiter and actually barely noticed it. After our dinner we told our wait staff (Freddy and victor) how wonderful everything was and they had the manager come over who was extremely nice. Loved it here! Definitely coming back again! Gordon your restaurant was amazing!
5	There are a lot of reviews of this restaurant; suffice to say I am a total fan. A major foodie, this place did not disappoint, I would give this my highest rating. My dinner, along with a nice glass of wine was $140 before the tip and I was completely happy to pay the price. Service was over the top. Food was excellent. Thank you for the greatest dining experience of my life it will always remain the highlight.
4	When we arrived in Las Vegas I had the concierge at the hotel make a reservation for us.  Reservations were limited so we had to dine early.  I was not estatic about the way we were greeted at the front of the house.  However, our servers, Jolen and Ted were excellent.  We especially liked Ted, although both definately took care of us.  Service was subperb.  My husband had the wellington and I had steak.  Both were good.  What brought the mean up a notch was the sides.  We ordered the roasted fingerling potatoes and the sauteed mushrooms.  Without the sides, it would only have been three stars.My husband had the caeser salad to start, and said it was nothing special.  I had the market salad, and it was good, but nothing over the top.  I would go back--especially for the fabulous service.
1	My friend took me here for dinner. Everyone who wrote a great review for this place is a wannbe foodie. Foodies' taste and discernment cannot be obtained overnight. It is lifetime of eating fine food. I would take a wild guess here that most of the reviewers for Gordon Ramsey don't know what good food is.This placed confirmed for me that British food sucks. My friend and I had drinks at the bar, I ordered the Pimm's Cup which was awful. From the pic you'd think it would be fruity and tasty but it was far from that.When the hostess came to sit us. She said, "We are now leaving Paris and entering London." What the hell! The last I looked we are still in the USA. The "art" that she was pointing to was awful. One of the neon bulbs was out so much for art with the British flag as the background.I ordered veal chops, you'd think that they could have made a decent veal - but I had to remind myself that British folks can't cook. I ordered it medium rare and I had a tough time cutting it with their steak knife. The waiter's excuse was that the veal should have been cooked longer. What the "F"? Cook longer? I like my veal medium rare. Everything was so salty. It was similar to pouring a jar of salt in your mouth.  It didn't matter which dish was ordered. Even their haricot verts was salty. How can you f that up? The foie gras was horrible as well - you guessed it - it was so salty.The next night I took my friend to Le Cirque quite the opposite of Gordon Ramsey's. The food was superb as always. The service was impeccable. When in doubt go for French food. I have to remind myself that french folks can cook some incredible meals.
4	It was work getting a reservation, they are booked pretty solid and one has to call the Paris switchboard to get to reservations.When we got there there were half a dozen hostesses in ridiculous ill-fitting mesh outfits.  They walked us though a tube which she informed us in a monotone that it was a weak replication of the chunnel.The restaurant was cramped, busy and loud.  Our table faced the kitchen so we asked to move.Our new table was upstairs and fun.  We got to witness a fight at the bar down stairs which a waiter pointed out to us.  Awesome.We started with the signature onion soup, ravioli, and a Caesar.  The soup was weird, the rav great, and the salad ok.  The steaks were brought out on a ridiculous cart and were shown with fanfare.The taste was worth the show.  The steak was great and the Wellington awesome which earned Gordo a good above.
5	AWESOME!! No wait (made reservations) great service, great food, great presentation, great drinks, NOT too noisy and NOT too cramped, and I expected the prices to be high but it was well worth it. I think some people expect too much because they haven't experienced fine dining before and think every place is like a large bright white ballroom with chandeliers like you see in the movies, IT'S NOT!I recommend The British Ale Onion Soup, of course the Beef Wellington and you MUST try the Sticky Toffee Pudding!
5	Absolutely the best dining experience.  Had very high expectations and was not let down at all. Everything, from the bread to the coffee, every course is as good as it gets. The decor and ambience was right on.  The staff, from Danny, our lead waiter to the AGM Michael Speagle are without a doubt the most courteous, professional and delightful people we have ever encountered.  Having dined at many of Las Vegas'  high end restaurants, Gordon Ramsey's Steak will be our only choice for a fine dining experience every time we visit.
5	If you want a great steak & service treat yourself to this spot! Got in very quickly on a Wednesday night without a reservation but doubt that's the case at all later in the week. The Maine lobster appetizer was fantastic & the baked potato with smoked Gouda was great. You'll spend some money here but will probably leave saying it was one of the best meals you ever had!
5	We truly enjoyed our dining experience last night. Our waiter, Charles, and with additional service from Jose, completed our memorable evening. I loved the breaded quail egg in the ceaser salad. My Gram and Pop had a mac'n cheese appetizer and after a little taste decided it was so good it needed to be called something else to better describe how good it really is. Thankfully my friend and I split the rib-eye due to the generous portion they serve. I now have a favorite dessert that was brought out for my birthday.... The sticky toffee pudding! Divine :).
5	the. BEST. meal. of .my. life.This place is as amazing as the hype! Great service with such knowledgeable and friendly waiters and staff. Reservations are a MUST!The ambience inside is more like hipster London underground., ina fancy way.  Beautifully decorated. They have a steak cart..its pretty fricken awesome i must say. Drinks from an ipad.Now on to the food. I tried their beef wellington, bc its only ramsay's signature dish!! it was perfection. Perfect medium rare, great puree and sauce. delicious. We also tried their bone in rib eye. It was huuuge! perfect sear on the outside perfect medium rare as well. His scallops were huge as well. Perfectly cooked. (and yes, I am a fan of the show HK, so i had to try the wellington and the scallops!) We had fingerling potatoes, really good, and their creamed spinach...omg delicious!!! We also had the perfect wine pairing with it thanks to their friendly sommelier.And now dessery. OMG - STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING! its like an orgasm in your mouth. so good its like a piece of pudding that melts in your mouth when you have the caramel sauce poured over with the "butter" ice cream. So delicious!! We also had the french press coffee (which is basically 3 cups of strong coffee, with 3 different flavoring spoons. Each infused with alcohol. genius and again absolute deliciousness (although all that coffee had me awake for hours, but hey its vegas..who sleeps anyways)It is pricey..so be prepared to spend a lot of $$$. but each bite is worth every single pennyMy overall experience was delightful thanks to an amazing staff, delicious thanks to an amazing chef! =)
5	The most amazing experience ever! Amazing place, food and service.. If you are in vegas and want to take your significant other out for an amazing meal this is the place! Bur make sure to make reservations at least a couple weeks in advance...The food is to die for, service is over the top, and all around most amazing restaurant experience we have ever had.My GF and I went there for our Bdays on a saturday night, and both of us have been to many amazing places to eat but hands down this was the best experience all around... Hope you make it toVegas and have the same experience that we did
4	We were in Vegas for a week.  Ran into a woman in the elevator who raved about this place.  Decided to try it out.  Boy, what an amazing experience!!!!! My husband ordered the porterhouse, which was good (very good) but not super great.  I ordered the Kobe filet and it was awesome.  Could cut it with a butter knife.  Slightly pricey.  What was a joy though was the service we received from Donnie and Mouhamadu.  Courteous, attentive and went above and beyond what you usually get in restaurants these days.  Thank you soooo much to these fine young men.  Worth the price!!!!
5	Charles is amazing! I had the wonderful opportunity to dine at Gordon Ramsey Steak for my birthday. I will highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants an amazing steak and even more amazing service. I will be back again.
3	Steak is a great passion of mine. It is one of the easiest and simplest thing one can cook, but definitely not easy to master, like sushi for example. With my respect for Gordon Ramsay, when he opened a restaurant called "Gordon Ramsay Steak," I just had to try it. The first impression of the restaurant was, LOUD. Really, LOUD. It wasn't just the people, it was the music. The hostess at the door explained about the design of the restaurant and the artwork on the ceiling while walking me and my wife to our table, and I could not understand a single word from her, but it seemed interesting nevertheless.Our server came to our table and instead of asking about our drinks, he gave us an iPad to "browse" through the drinks. And he also gave us a menu for the special course meal, with a picture of Gordon Ramsay on the right that said "SAMPLE," and he said we would get a picture of him that does NOT say "SAMPLE" if we get the course. Did they think people would steal the picture if it didn't? It seemed a bit silly and distracting.We were left alone for about 3 or 4 minutes trying to figure out how to use the stupid iPad drink menu. It seemed intuitive enough for me, a 25 year old graphic designer, but I doubt the 90% of the age group who spend $200+ on a meal would really appreciate this. And it froze on a screen and I didn't even get to look at anything until a moment before our server came back.The course seemed interesting but it was about $165 per person and we wanted to look at the regular menu. I couldn't really understand our server because of the music and his accent so I just ordered a random beer and asked for a regular menu.I started to get a bit irritated at this point with all the noise and confusing menus. We got the smallest table for two, and we were having trouble even talking to each other. We did go there to try the food, but I expected a more quiet romantic dinner with my wife on our last night in Vegas, not a hipster club night.But continuing with my review, we ordered a lot of food. A beef tartar, sauteed mushroom, bone marrow, a New York steak, a foie gras, a filet mignon, and some potatos. Presentation was... great. Interesting, pretty, and original. Taste? All appetizers and side dishes we ordered were fantastic. I wouldn't say everything was the most amazing dish I've ever had, but they all had something unique about them, and even the stuff like mushrooms and potatos became more interesting somehow. The bone marrow and foie gras, weren't anything extraordinary. They tasted like bone marrow and foie gras.Now the steak, as a self-claimed world class steak critique, I would give it a 7 out of 10. It was delicious, don't get me wrong, but knowing that it was the most expensive steak I've ever had, (I think it was $63) it wasn't much different from what I cook at home.For the people who think getting expensive steaks at restaurants is a waste, when I tried the NY steak at MESA grill earlier this year, I thought it was THE BEST steak I have ever had and it was definitely something on a different level than my steak. So far, my second best was Ruth Chris's. But I couldn't say the same for the steak I had at Gordon Ramsay steak. The steak at MESA grill and Ruth Chris were both $50.Our dessert was great though. We had the toffee pudding with icecream as our server recommended it, and it was delicious.The overall service was very nice, but in my opinion, that's a given at places this expensive. Our bill came out to be about $260 plus tip.In conclusion, I wouldn't come back or recommend this place for the steaks, but I would definitely like to come back to try some other dishes like the famous wellington. Considering the price and the atmosphere, I'd highly recommend the MESA grill instead.
4	Can't help but see it with the tall sign with giant block letters GORDON inside the Paris casino floor.We only stayed for some beers and appetizers, but they were great.  The kobe beef sliders were tasty (if not very tiny).  The small draft selection has some interesting IPAs and stouts.The service at the bar was excellent - they are upbeat and very helpful.I'd come back again, either for a full meal, or as a short stop before the night really begins.
5	This place is great. Although it started off seeming like it might not be, the hostesses really seem to have a bit of an attitude, like they are better than you. Once we got sat though that was the end of it. The first thing you notice is the decor, all very nice with a giant English Flag painted on the roof. The music also seems to be most if not all English Bands. The first thing we had was a cooked oyster appetizer, this was a very good start. Then we had our main dishes, my wife had a lamb dish that came with a rack of lamb, and a shepherds pie, the pie was really great. I had the beef wellington, this was amazing as well (this only comes cooked medium rare so be aware of that if you don't like your meat cooked this way). We also had a macaroni and cheese side, and that was fantastic. Finally for desert we shared a s'mores cheesecake, that was great, especially the marshmallow ice cream on top. The waiters are great as well, all very attentive and nice, really the only down side of this place is the hostesses, which is surprising since they are the first contact with the potential customers. This place is pretty pricey, but the quality of food is top notch. Not only that in a lot of places like this your dishes are really pretty small, this place though the portion sizes are pretty generous. So if you are looking for a nice place to eat with great food consider coming here. It does get fairly loud inside so this would not be the place to go for a quite dinner.
4	4.5 stars.  The decor is nice and modern.  Very cute touch to include the Chunnel which one would take to travel from Paris to London.  They provide an i-Pad for you upon seating to review the beverage selections, which I appreciated, but my 69 year old father found to be confusing.  Definitely marketing towards the younger, hipper crowd.They provide 4 different types of bread to sample, which was nice -- my favorite may have been the walnut bread.  Sides are generous portions served family-style.  We tried the potato puree, brussel sprouts, mushrooms, and a loaded baked potato for a party of three.  I loved the brussel sprouts, but I'm a huge fan.  The potato puree could have been richer with more cream and/or butter and seasoned a bit more.  The mushrooms were fine, but unremarkable.Thankfully, the steak was the standout.  We each ordered a Prime filet cooked medium rare and each was cooked  and seasoned to perfection.  After consuming all that bread and the main course, I was glad we decided to bypass the appetizers to make room for the sticky pudding -- by far the best bread pudding I've ever had!  We shared one among the three of us.  And when my sister casually remarked that we were there for my birthday, they kindly (and under-statedly) provided a candle on my plate to celebrate my big day.  Thanks for making it a great birthday dinner!!
5	This place was awesome! Let's start from the beginning...Reservations-ABSOLUTELY a mustAmbiance-GREAT...the hostess gave us a rundown as she walked us to the table. Leaving Paris and entering LondonService-Impeccable. Between Charles and Adrian we were well taken care ofFood-Melt in your mouth steak made EXACTLY as I asked. Wonderful Mac and cheese....I could go on. The sweet pudding with butter ice cream is to die forPrice-expensive BUT worth it. I WILL be back
5	SUPURB! EXCELLENT!   My wife and I had dinner here last Thursday, and had high expectations.  We didn't know that we would be having the best meal we've ever had.  Decor:  The entrance is clever.  It's designed to seem that you're walking through the "Chunnel" from France to England.  Once through, be sure to look up to see the huge British flag on the ceiling.   There is an open view into the kitchen, but we did not get to see Kristina, from last season's Hell's Kitchen (we heard later that she was in the back).Sevice:  The hostess was very accomodating.  We had a table upstairs, and we saw one of the booths was empty, and we asked is we could have it, and she made it happen.  The wait staff was knowledgable, friendly, and quite frankly, fun.  Donnie (our waiter) is the best.  We will request his section next time we go.  Thanks for a great experience Donnie!Food:  What can I say?  Truthfully, the best meal we've ever had!  And my wife and I have eaten all over the world.  My wife had the Beef Wellington, and it tasted even better than it looks on TV.  I had the Market Green Salad (best salad I've ever had in a restaurant), and American Kobe Rib Cap.  Both steaks were melt in your mouth good.  Sides were the sauteed mushroom and fingerling potatoes.  Both excellent.The price was comparable to any other high-end steakhouse, so we thought it was very reasonable.  We ate at the Eiffel Tower restaurant the night before (which was not as good and more expensive).  We will always pick Ramsay's in the future.Thanks Chef Ramsay, and all the staff at the restaurant for making our experience one of our best.Can't wait until next time.
5	TV or Tourist Hype?? I say no. Watching the entire season 10 of Hell's Kitchen made a visit to this restaurant while in Vegas a 'must do." Reservations seems to be required as every seating was booked. We arrived at 415 and waited in line for "bar" seats which still had views of the kitchen and our endeared winner, Christina. The food was as good as the TV Show demands. I had the ravioli for appetizer.  The sunny side egg inside the hand made ravioli made for a neat surprise. The appetizer was new to my taste buds and tasty. The flavors were meant for each other, however the texture was a bid bizarre. I ordered the Beef Wellington for two. A signature and staple dish of Ramsey's, I've never actually had it. The beef was cooked perfectly- although medium rare is the only way it can be-- I like mine to be cooked a bit longer. The bread shell didn't stay on. I ordered the mac and cheese and the mushrooms. They complimented each other perfectly. The mac was very tasty, but I would order something else because nothing wowed me about it. The desert was interesting but I would not repeat the order- Sticky Toffee Pudding. It was more like a toffee brownie and not like a pudding at all. The bottom was a bit burnt, barely, but overcooked indeed. The desert was served with a home made toffee icecream- displayed like a stick of butter??!! I wish I had something different. But worth the hype of trying! Overall, I loved the food, the service, and the view. Next time, I know, make reservations before my trip to Vegas, but will return again.
5	I scoped the Yelp reviews of this place before we went for my birthday and was surprised to find so many poor reviews. I completely disagree with them too, by the way. We made reservations for 9 pm on a Monday and I didn't make the reservations, but my boyfriend said he had no problem getting them a couple days before. I was pleasantly surprised by the modern feel of the place with the club-esque atmosphere.The staff is friendly and knowledgeable. Our server, Charles, started us with the drink menu which comes on an iPad, but despite what it seems, you can't actually order drinks from the iPad. We ordered a Vesper and the HK Antioxident [sic]. For appetizers, we ordered the foie gras and half dozen oysters. Before our appetizers came out we got bread and drinks. The panchetta bread was delicious and I could have eaten a whole loaf by myself. For our entree we ordered the wellington for two and we were informed it would take 45 minutes which was fine with us although I'm sure some people would have been less than satisfied with such a wait. Our waiter walked us through the cuts of meat that we had to choose from with the meat cart which is a little unorthodox, but if you don't know much about steak or you forget the difference between a porterhouse and a ribeye, it's good to know what you're getting.It took longer than say, Chili's, but by the time we finished our appetizers plus 5 or 10 minutes, our wellington was out. We also had a side of creamed spinach which was very tasty. Charles had recommended one side to split and said we'd have the perfect amount of food and he was correct. I thought I would have no room for dessert, but I was wrong. Enter the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream. This is a must have dessert. We split an order and it was the perfect sweet ending to a phenomenal dinner. Everything beginning to end was the caliber of food I would expect from a place with Ramsay's name on it. The waitstaff was knowledgeable and I would definitely go back here. However, if you're looking for a quick meal, this is not the place to go. It is a great experience though if you love and appreciate good food.
5	11.24.12 Steak (Located in the Paris Hotel in Las Vegas, NV)I have now been to Steak three times and I think the food is amazing. They are some of the top dinners that I have had. I had made the reservation a few weeks prior for 5:45pm on 11.24.12. We arrived a few minutes early but were seated right away. We were a party of six and were therefore seated upstairs in a large booth with extra chairs on the outside. We were not crowed and had plenty of room. From this level you can look out and see the large glowing red center piece hanging in the middle of the ceiling. Right away you will notice the large wait staff and more than one person helping at your table. I love that there are multiple people serving your table. You never have to wait or ask for something because they always are there. They start you off by providing you with water and leave the large glass bottle on your table. But don't try and fill your glass yourself! They will do that for you the next time they come by. Shortly following that, they will bring the display cart hold all the beef cuts and explain the cuts and answer any question you may have. They will also provide your table with three to four types of bread, which are all wonderful. We ordered several of the appetizers including the fried oysters, two order of pork belly (a must try if you have never had it) and a ravioli. For dinner the most complemented dishes at the table were the fillet, the rib eye, the fisherman's platter and the lamb two ways. Please note that the menu currently listed in the Paris Hotel's website is not correct. The menu is always changing. For sides we ordered the fingerling potatoes, the potato puree, mac and cheese, sauteed mushroom and the peppercorn sauce to accompany the steaks. We ordered three desserts, all fantastic but the stand out for me was the sticky toffee pudding with ice cream and looks like a stick of butter. Our dinner was fantastic. Everything was cooked perfectly and we really enjoyed our meal.Impressed
5	Make sure you stop by here!  By stop, I mean call and make a reservation ahead of time of course.  We called about 2 months prior and had no problem.  Hostesses were very welcoming and gave the little light intro as we were seated.  Our server was Anthony and we loved him.  Him, along with everyone who dropped off our plates were so knowledgeable.  I love to have my food explained as its dropped off.  Bread is spectacular!  Mushroom and that pancetta one were the best.  We had trouble choosing an app, so Anthony surprised us-this was probably when I fell in love with him, don't tell my man! :). I can be a bit indecisive when it comes to food, but I love everything, so him surprising was great.  Brought the raviolo, which were great.  Small and expensive, but we didn't expect much else.  We were there for a big, fancy night of foodie fun!  I had the welly and it was so worth it!  Serving is very large for the steaks, but I ate it all up.  For a minute at the end I almost thought I crushed the welly for 2.:). He had the ribeye and is more than happy to say its the best he's ever had and I agree.  Loved it!  Got the Mac n chz and truffle potatoes.  Go for Mac first, portions are def for sharing.  Would only go with one next time, if any.  Also got to spot Christina on the line, so that was fun.  Plus, was escorted to the restroom when I asked where, love that type of service.  Overall, great experience and we would both do it again.  They take their time in service, with ordering and bringing each course, which is what you want when dropping a couple hundred on dinner.  Wonderful 3 hours we had!
5	Well, LOVE Gordon and the restaurant is so good, but to just go to have a drink...bring you F*UCKING earplugs cause , sans dance floor why is the music so loud???? Really Gordon, fix it now!
4	So we ate here the other night and overall it was definitely a good experience.Going to a restaurant like this, I think most people have some kind of basic expectations and for the most part,  mine were met.First of all, we were late for our reservation and there was no issue with it whatsoever.We arrived and were seated 2 minutes later. The service is excellent from the ladies out front, to the waiters and bus boys. The inside is lively and trendy and it just has that fun atmosphere when you can sit for a long time,  drink and hang out.Of everything we ordered, the beet salad and my beef wellington were the standout items. In fact the beef welly was amazing. Toffee pudding? Amazing. Fingerling potatoes? not amazing. Fried green beans? Not amazing. The french coffee with chocolate spoons? - Very awesome. Lick-the-spoon-clean awesome.You even get to see the Hell's Kitchen winner Chef Christina doing her thing.What I don't get is how a restaurant of this quality can't throw together a vegetarian meal on the fly. Yes yes i know, steak house, vegetarian, mind blown, i get it.If this was applebees and they told me they can't do sushi? Fine, my expectations are low to begin with. When you're going to a place with a chef that can cook while being called a donkey and a muppet on national television, I expect them to be able to throw together a decent vegetarian dish. The vegetarian risotto that my gf received was basically not great. I tried it. It was left there half eaten. I've been to very few high end restaurants that couldn't do a good alternative for the non meat eaters.The meats that came out were amazing. The non meat stuff was just alright.
5	I was visiting Las Vegas for the first time. I am a foodie and I wanted to try my favorite celeb restaurants. We went to the Eiffel Tower and realized Gordon Ramsey's Steak was in the same hotel. There was a 2 hour wait and it was jam packed. We went and found a table at the bar. We ordered the filet, the beef Wellington, the Mac & cheese & the carrots in addition to 2 bottles of wine! It was the best meal of our lives! The beef Wellington was moist & melted in my mouth as so was the filet! The Mac & cheese & carrots were amazing! The service was also wonderful!! Xoxo
3	We had dinner here about a week ago.  Without reservations, we ate at the lounge area in the bar.  The food was excellent.  The service was really good.  However the music was painfully LOUD.  Unfortunately, we sat directly under one of the loudspeakers.  It was so LOUD that it was painful.  I have a high tolerance for loud music, but this was really LOUD.  3 stars for the excellent food.  Minus 2 stars for the extremely LOUD music.
4	Ate dinner here on 11/30.quick review.The good: food was delicious. I had the Beef Wellington, she had  the steak. Prices were as expected. The wait staff is EXCEPTIONAL. Truly awesome service.  The date cake and ice cream dessert was pretty amazing. The Ho Hum: The Beef Wellington is much smaller than it appears on the TV show. The BW came with 3 - 4 small cubes of roasted vegetables, like the size of sugar cubes. I expected the size, but pictures clearly showed a bit more quantity. We knew we had to order extra sides which we had and they were delicious.(fried green beans and truffle mac and cheese)  Drinks were not very strong, I had to order an extra shot just to taste the alcohol in my drink.  The music is too loud in the dining area. To the idiot drunk at the next table: It is not appropriate to touch and play with the meat on the meat display cart. It isn't funny and they should have thrown you out when you tried to rape the porterhouse in front of that table of women. I was surprised the staff just let him behave this way.
4	We didn't have any reservation as they were full when I called but was advise that the bar is open and serves full menu so we took our chances, boyfriend was hesitant to sit at the bar (just not the kind of set up he wanted for my birthday dinner especially at a steakhouse but I insisted). But we found a table at the end and move.Now on to the food, we got the seafood platter - amazing! Very fresh and it'll take you to the bay atleast that's how I felt. They only have one lobster thou, it would have been nice to have 2 anyways now off to our entree we opt for his beef Wellington (not the bf choice but since that was his signature dish he did) and it was good, very tender. Would I order it again, I think not. Overall it was an awesome experience, would have loved it if he "GR" was there!
5	This restaurant is probably one of the best restaurants I've been to! Everything was great- the food, atmosphere and the service! I went here with a girlfriend and we ordered the following:Hamachi Cruda - Our waiter recommended this new appetizer and I'm so glad he did b/c it was the BEST sashimi I've ever tasted! If you like sashimi, you have to get this! The sauce went perfectly with the hamachi. And there were 2 kinds of caviars on the plate as well as some truffle on top. I would definitely recommend this appetizer!Seared Foie Gras - You HAVE to get this!!! This appetizer was absolutely AMAZING! The foie gras literally melted in my mouth. I had to save the rest of it for after my dinner so I could savor it!! Beef Wellington - Cooked perfectly! it was medium rare, just how I like it, and the pastry on the outside was made just right.Sticky Toffee Pudding - What a great way to end the perfect meal! The sticky toffee paired so well with the butter ice cream! I don't even have much of a sweet tooth, but I really enjoyed this dessert! I had some friends that went the previous day and they recommended the bone marrow, pork belly and foie gras. My other friends also went a couple days earlier and recommended the Rib Cap. I am sooo getting the Rib Cap next time!!! Heard it was really tender. I can't wait to come back and get the foie gras again with the rib cap. Not only was the food delicious, but the service was exceptional. The manager Michael really took care of us, and made our first experience here at the Steak - one of the best ever.
3	This experience was a serious disappointment.  Almost the worst experience imaginable.  For my birthday, we went to the Paris Casio and property expecting a great meal and a once in a lifetime meal.Frankly, the steak was good, not great, at $200 plus for two people; please do go to the buffet at Planet Hollywood.To be specific:One ordered French Onion soup; it was sour and cold,One ordered Caesar Salad, how could they trash a salad, but it was actually six leafs of romaine lettuce with no flavor.My mate ordered a "Kobe" rib end cap main course.  It was so salty and almost un-edible.I ordered the 20 OZ Bone-In Ribbeye steak, Prime beef.  It was average.Because of the poor service and lack of attention to our meals, preparation, we left without ordering a desert or after drink.At 240.00 after tip, the experience was a serious disappointment.The restaurant was a serious disappointment.  The music was loud and almost prevented conversation.  The tables were bare, the setting was none simple, no service, and I have better steak knives at my summer motor home.I have had better experience at my local sizzler steak house. We ordered hot tea; they never did serve the tea, attempted to charge for it and treated us like some kind odd humans.  How could your order Tea?If you are a hipster without an expectation about service and quality of food or service, go to another location.Gordon Ramsey Steak House is a big failure!
4	I literally am only reviewing this place because it has one of hte best desserts i've ever eaten.  The toffe sponge cake with brown butter ice cream is hands down perfect.  I like that they try to give a feel for why the construction is the way it is when you walk in.  The chandelier is an artists interpretation of how gordon ramsays hands move when cooking a dish.  and the entrance is supposed to be like a chunnel.  The star is removed because when I told the waiter I was vegetarian he looked at me with a really weird face like I was an idiot for coming to a steak house.  Hey I can't choose where my friends want to go.  plus they usually have vege sides which are amazing.  Also we ordered a couple appetizers and desert as no one was too hungry.  The dessert came first then the appetizers.  I mean really isn't that resto 101.  Serve the dishes in the proper course order?  But despite that the dessert was so good I would overlook them trying to sit an elephant at our table, as long as it wasn't eating my dessert.
5	This was easily one of the top 3 meals of my life.  I still have dreams about the food, no lie.  We had reservations for 4 on our last night in Vegas, and thank goodness we waited until then because Gordon Ramsay Steak blew away every other meal we had while were were there.  We were seated promptly upon arrival.  The restaurant is pretty trendy and loud inside, and the decor seriously reminded me of a trumped-up Hell's Kitchen.  We started off with a round of their specialty drinks which you order on an iPad (weird and cool!)... I had the English Garden and my husband had the Sidecar, both of which were delicious and perfectly balanced.  For appetizers, we started with the Caesar salad (which interestingly was served with a scotch egg... yum!) and the Onion soup.  My husband loooooooved onion soup and he said it was quite possibly the best he's ever had.  For our entree, I shared the Beef Wellington for 2 with my friend (don't worry, it comes out on 2 separate plates portioned so you don't have to fight over the meat with your dining partner).  This is their signature dish and it lived up to the hype.  The meat was a perfect medium rare and literally melted in my mouth.  The crust was buttery and crispy and complemented the meat well.  My husband had the Rib Cap steak, which neither of us had heard of... well, it was out of the park delicious as well, and I think it may be his new favorite cut of meat.  We also split the parmesan and truffle roasted potatoes and the tempura fried haircots vert.  Both were wonderful.  All four of us literally cleaned the plates it was so good.And then DESSERT!  I had the french press coffee, because for $8, I needed to know what was so special about it.  Well... it comes with 3 chocolate spoons with different liquors to stir into your coffee!  I enjoyed that thoroughly, especially when I complained to the waiter that the men ate my other 2 spoons and he brought us 3 more :)  We split 2 desserts among us- an apple thing that was good but drastically overshadowed by the sticky toffee cake... served with a caramel sauce and brown butter ice cream.  The 4 of us basically fought over that plate.  I would have a hard time ordering any other dessert, because it was that good.This meal was pricey but worth every penny.  Gordon Ramsay Steak is now on my must-go list in Las Vegas.
5	One of the best meals I have ever had!!!You have to try this place if you are in Vegas.  But, you had better make reservations far n advance.  We went to Vegas for 4 nights and could not get a reservation.  However, all was not lost.  They have a bar area with about 8 tables where it is first come first served and they serve the entire menu.  We decided to go early and walked right in to a nice table.  The service is 5 star. Our server's name was Olga and we immediately put her to the test.  We are a very flirtatious and outgoing group.  She stood up to the test and then some.  The restaurant manager, Jean Phillipe, was supportive, gratuitous, informative and treated us like we were celebrities.Now, for our meal.  They have so many delicious looking choices.  We decided to order a variety of appetizers so that we could try them.  The seafood tower was delicious and perfectly done right.  My wife wanted to take home the octopus base - very nice piece of art.  We also had the pork belly and fois gras. Both were incredibly delis ions and cooked and seasoned perfectly.There were 4 of us.  Two had to have, of course, the signature Beef Wellington.  It was not my order but I tasted it and it was perfection.  I had the American Kobe Ribeye topped with pan seared fois gras.  I can still taste it now, 3 days later.  It was a steak that I will never forget.Finally, for dessert, Jean Pierre asked us to allow him to select the desserts.  They have an award winning dessert chef.  He selected 3 desserts.  I want to kick myself for to remembering the names but they were all off the charts delicious!  JeanPierre even went so far as to tell us which order to eat them.   The one that I enjoyed the most was the last dessert of toffee bread pudding.....very sexy dessert.  The other two involved a peanut butter s'mores cheesecake and a puff pastry with pears....yummie!!!We took pictures with everyone although Ramsey was not in attendance that night.  Everyone was happy to make our experience one to remember.  I will definitely go back multiple times.Oh, and by the way, they have a very nice wine list.  Unfortunately, my crew did to have any red drinkers so I settled on a couple of glasses of Faust Cabernet as recommended by Olga. Very nice.
2	Seriously, nothing to write home about. One of our friends is a fan of Gordon's. So we made this a destination stop when we were in Vegas. We decided to have the beef wellington which was his specialty. It was pricey and the fillet encased within is tender but it was flavorless. The rib cap cut (if you are a fan of rib eye) is really good though. The sides were ok. We had the brussel sprouts, the mac and cheese (good but not great), mashed potatoes, and the haricot verts (these were pretty good, crunchy and not soggy). The bread platter had a good assortment of different rolls and I really enjoyed the mushroom one. To polish off the meal, we had their sticky toffee which apparently won the dessert of the year and that was good and rich. It was delicious but not enough to bring me back. The bill was $350 for 5 of us.
5	Best place ever so worth it! Steak is great! And service in peculiar
5	This is a place you must eat at if your in Vegas. My boyfriend and I ate there on a Saturday night and enjoyed the atomosphere.The meal and service was nothing but the best. Or server Chris was helpful, polite, and very attentive. We both ordered drinks and an appetizer to start. I had the HK Antioxidant and he had the STKhouse Martini. We ordered the Ricotta Ravioli. The portion was smaller than we expected, but it had a wonderful taste and we enjoyed trying something new by having an egg yolk in the ravioli. The bread they served was wonderful and the men who served the bread were knowledgable and explained each one. For our main meal we ordered the American Kobe beet, Beef Wellington, Loaded Baked Potato, and Brussels spouts.  The kobe beef melted in your mouth and was seasoned just right. I usually need A1 sauce for my steak, but with this one I didn't even think about it because it was seasoned so well. The beef wellington was also tender and flavorful. After seeing them make so many on HK I had to try it. It was a little on the salty side, but despite that I enjoyed it and could taste it in my mouth for days.  The sides were excellent and I really enjoyed the sauce that came with the Brussels sprouts. We wish we had room for dessert, but unfortunately we were way to full. Chris was attentive throughout our meal and was able to answer all questions we had.  He was a fun waiter and everyone there  greeted us and made us feel welcomed. Bonus, we saw Christina from HK working the line. I will defiantly be going to this restaurant again it was the highlight of my trip!
5	What could be better on your birthday than dinner at GRS? Well, the answer is dinner at GRS and having Gordon Ramsay be there that night!!What a awesome experience and what a nice guy. We got to talk to him for a bit and get our picture taken with him and then Christina later.The food was wonderful, the staff outstanding, the ambiance great. Chorizo maine lobster appetizer was delicious. The american kobe filet (with white truffles) was like butter. The mac and cheese was outstanding. And the sticky toffee pudding cake - there are not words for it.Thank you Mr. Ramsay for a wonderful birthday.
5	When I walked in, it was like a scene from Date Night with Tina Fey where she feels really old being in a swanky restaurant and then me feeling old that a chick flick geared toward middle aged women is something I know and related with.I came here for my one before 30 birthday and was a treat from my boyfriend.  The food was excellent.  I downed a 24oz hunk of meat that if I was alone and in a dark closet I would have gnawed on the bone for a few minutes before throwing it into a corner.  Our waiter suggested getting marrow to eat as a companion to our steak.  It was delicately put to me that it's like meat butter.  Terribly delicious on top of your steak.   The haricot verts I ordered on the side were tempura style but the batter had a hint of citrus.  Shhhh....don't tell my mom but it might have been better than hers.I didn't order any of the drinks but my boyfriend had what looked like a mojito with champagne added.  Tasty!If you get a chance, the coffee was good but not as good as I hoped.  It might be my time in LA and the Bay Area but I like my coffee unbearably strong now and this was a little weak even though it was a french press.  You might have to ask for it a little darker if you go.  What made up for it was the 3 liqueur infused chocolate spoons.  It was just the right size for a sweet treat without having to order dessert.  It was a waddle of shame back to my room but one will not forget!On a side note, I loved their efficiency.  I know Gordon Ramsey is known for that but I didn't REALLY understand until coming here.  I work in the food industry and would love to have my place run as smoothly as his.
5	From the time you enter until you leave, it's an overall interesting experience.   You enter through Paris Hotel and Casino and there is a round Chunnel like structure, which the Door Girl explains transitions you from Paris to England.   Then she pointed out the red neon overhead light sculpture which is to simulate Gordon's hand movements while making Beef Wellington.   All kind of scripted but sets the tone that every aspect of your experience has been well thought out.   We were seated in leather high back chairs at our table.  Very comfortable.   Matthew, our server, and his  waiter assistant provided spectacular service.  We were very impressed.   The only single and very minor disappointment is that the oil drizzled bread was a bit dry.   But that is the only single negative thing we can say.   And keep in mind, there were three choices in bread so, very minor.    I was having dinner with my boss, who is a seasoned fine dinner.  She very much enjoyed herself, as did I.  We started with the pork belly.   Yum!   I decided on the fish and chips because if anyone could pull off a unique twist on fish and chips you would think it would be Ramsey.  And he did.     My boss got the short ribs which fell apart to the touch.   They were phenomenal.    We order mac and cheese as a side.   We both had to take a moment and just close our eyes to enjoy.    When our server's wait staff assistant came to clear out plates, we told him it was too soon, like after you open all your gifts at Christmas and there's wrapping paper and ribbon all over the place, you just want to relax and take it all in for a moment.   He laughed and came back later.   We didn't have room for desert but I'm sure it would have been terrific.   We drank patron margaritas and there were well portioned with alcohol.  After three we were ready for a long winter's nap.   Kudos to the staff at the restaurant.    There was one moment when I had a question and raised my hand to look for my waiter, but was quickly seen to by someone else's waiter.   He came right over to see what my need way.   Can't beat that.   He was eager to ensure our experience didn't involve any delays.   Well done.
2	Overpriced, loud, OCD wait staff, a long time to get our food, too much reliance upon Hells Kitchen, Overpriced (worth stating again), etc. It took a very long time to get our main course (almost 45 minutes from when our appetizer was finished. The gal helping our waiter was OCD about crumbs from the bread, finally picking the last one up with her fingers. They insisted that our wellington be at mid-rare, even though we would have preferred medium, so it was not as good as it could have been (too rare in the center). They were also obsessed with filling our water glasses. Before we ever saw our menus we were asked 3 times about what we wanted to drink, even though we told them we wanted to choose our meal first, then the wine. The drink menu was on a non-functioning iPad that even the busboy could not operate. While we were waiting the exceeding long time for our main course, we were thrilled to here the wait staff (males) discussing different women (our backs were 4 ft away from where the servers gathered - a lovely touch for my wife to experience. Quite frankly, If I had to do it again I would not, even at 1/4 of the price. Last, Gordon is always lecturing all his Kitchen Nightmare clients not to use trolleys (carts) with displays, yet he uses a meat trolley to display all the cuts of beef they serve. Having stated all that, the mac & cheese was wonderful and the recommended dessert (sticky toffee cake) was fantastic. The appetizer (crudo) was okay but only half as good (and twice as expensive) as what we get at our favorite sushi place.
5	I have dreams about this place.  Review to come later....place holder for now.
3	To preface this review, I must say I really wanted to like this restaurant. I made reservations a couple months in advance. My wife and I were celebrating our anniversary. We only waited a minute or two to be seated. Our table was facing the kitchen, which was kinda cool. The music was "club like" and relatively loud, but we enjoyed it. We started by ordering drinks using the iPad menu. It took a while for our drinks to arrive (not only the initial drinks, but also subsequent drinks). We then ordered the onion soup (which was good) and Caesar salad. We ordered an appetizer, the Maine Lobster stuffed with chorizo. I do not recommend this appetizer. It was very small, cold, and very tough. We were honest with the waiter and he mentioned something to the chef. Next, we ordered our entrees. Beef Wellington, Prime filet, and a couple ounces of the A5 Japanese Kobe filet. The Beef Wellington was ok. We did really enjoy the Prime filet. I wouldn't wasted the money on the Japanese Kobe. The outside was charred and inside really had no taste. I had this once before at another restaurant and really enjoyed it, but the preparation was not acceptable this time. We also ordered the truffle mac and cheese, as well as the potato puree. Both sides were very good. Now, I realize I am not a restauranteur, but I've been to a variety of high end restaurants. I know good service when I experience it. Here are some tips that could change my rating from 3 stars to 5 stars.TIP #1: If I have a customer who has flown across the country to share a special event, such as an anniversary, I would at a minimum acknowledge it. This did not happen in our case.TIP #2: If a customer has an issue with any part of the meal, I would insist either the chef or manager to acknowledge the mishap and try to correct it. A little feedback goes a long way.TIP #3: If I am a manager of a restaurant, I would attempt to greet the customers to ensure everything (food, service, etc.) is top notch. The customers are the best source of intel. TIP #4: If I worked for one of the world's top chefs and restauranteur, I would go out of my way to be the best, instead of being a social butterfly within the restaurant. On multiple occasions, I spotted our waiter engaged in extended conversations with two guys in suits (one with a bow tie). They appeared to be some type of management, but we cannot confirm that since they never introduced themselves. We were very disappointed with the overall experience of this restaurant. The lack of attentive service was probably the most disappointing thing. My wife and I had higher expectations for this restaurant.In summary, if you are looking for a good high end restaurant in Vegas, I would consider another restaurant, such as STK or Craft Steak. Hopefully, management and the wait staff will take a look in the mirror and bring their standards up to the Gordon Ramsay expectations.
4	Great food, but the bartenders need to learn a thing or two.
5	Wow i dont think that i could ever say how good this was! i mean it was so good my family keeps talking about it. not only was the service good every one was so nice and knew alot about what we wanted and told us everything that we needed to know!  its well worth the money! any time i am in vegas i will be here for sure!
2	Very dissatisfied. Overly salty, overly loud. Too many minions running around and Steaks just Ok.
3	Overall the food was great. However the hostess was extremely rude. First when we entered there were about five girls standing around doing nothing. The girl who showed us to our table had the look of death on her face and grimaced with each passing moment. We were told we would have a booth. When we asked the girl seating us she became distraught and ran off leaving us in the dining room. Then we were handed our drinks while standing there. We eventually got our booth but things started off on the wrong foot.We ordered the pork belly to start. Overall the meat was tender and sauce was Spicy. I probably would not order again based on the price. It was good but just that. We also had the beef Wellington for dinner. I had this before at the Maze in NYC. It was juicy and well seasoned. The dough was slightly on the overcooked side. We then ate the Mac and cheese. This was delicious with a slight edge of sweetness.The drinks were also very good. I recommend the antioxidant. This drink was light and refreshing.  Our waiter and other staff were attentive. Although I found it strange, it was so over staffed that at least five staff at a time were standing in a circle talking. The atmosphere was okay. Very loud and busy. The bathroom was also dirty with very small stalls. I would probably return but I think I will try other steakhouses in the area. Given the price of the meal I would expect more.
5	Absolutely, categorically the best fine dining experience I've ever had In Las Vegas and I've had many.The food. The service. Impeccable.Tip: Make sure you dine upstairs.
4	Trendy modern design Would recommend reservations; no dress code other than no tank topsDiverse beef offerings, rolled up right to your table so you can see the cuts before you decide Split the porterhouse for two- perfect size, very tender, a little too charred, didn't need any side sauceFingerling potatoes, Parmesan spinach, Mac n cheese were very tasty sides- size of sides is on the "smaller" size compared to other steak houses, but the taste & quality are on pointS'mores cheesecake was so good- heavenly & not too sweet; also a bit on the smaller side compared to other places, but delicious Service- attentive at times, but also distracted; a tad condescending (he made sure I noted that the sides were all a la carte- um, I got it, I can read & I've been to  other fine steak houses before, thank you!)House tap water is good thanks to reverse osmosis lolBonus- got to meet chef Ramsay himself & got a photo as he mingled with diners and checked in on the kitchen.I would come back, over all a very nice meal with quality and taste at the forefront
4	Nom nom NOM!!!!! Everything was amazing...except for the service. Let me explain...as a high end restaurant, especially owned by Gordon Ramsay, who is HUGE on service and perfection, this was a big let down. I made reservations 2 months in advance, at 5pm, when the restaurant supposedly opened. On that day, we walked in at 4:50, and was told to wait inside. Okay, sure no problem. We walked in with no idea where to go or where to stand...no one walked us in or gave us any updates on whether our table would be ready or not. We watched as other groups who were just "walk-ins" get seated by smiling hostesses immediately and served. 5:05 rolls around and wait a second, for such a classy restaurant, wouldn't you at least have someone let us know why we weren't seated at our reservation time? I had a friend actually LEAVE our group because he was insulted (overdramatic? I'm not too sure...) and I had to go outside remind the hostesses that we were still there.The hostess there gave no apology, kept insisting that we came early (um, hello, so? It's still past our reservation time...and shouldn't customer be always right?) and pretty much shooed me away. We were already pretty insulted, and feeling awkward from my friend walking off. A hostess finally came over and led us to our table, but not before presenting Gordon Ramsay's pretty sculpture on the ceiling and walking off. We didn't know if we should follow her or not until she was all the way up the stairs...oops. After we were sat down, it took a while for our waiter to come around and get our menus. Then it took a while for the waiter to take our order. Then it took a while....well, basically, I feel like being up the stairs made it harder for the waiters to come over, and when they did, the entire upstairs was saturated with them. It was always either too crowded or too empty.Luckily, as it got more towards a normal dinner time (6ish?), the service got more consistent (more people near our area means the waiters need to come around more yes?) and service was much better. Food was ALL good...right down to the complimentary free bread with butter and volcanic sea salt. Beef was tender, seafood was cooked to perfection, and OMG the toffee pudding is definitely one of its kind! Even the brussel sprouts had generous giant slabs of high quality bacon.Overall, food is great, atmosphere is wow, and waiters/servers were nice towards the end...but the attitude I got from the reservations/front desk was not something I'd expect from Gordon Ramsay.
4	Oh Gordon Ramsay you are delicious but pricey! But that was expected! Let me start by saying the service here is absolutely amazing. They treat you the way you should be treated when spending your hard earned cash! Our waitress was fabulous. I'm talking walked us to the bathroom when we asked where it was, put up w us wanting to switch tables and take pictures of everything with a huge smile, waited until we got back from the bathroom to set the food in front of us and explain it to us, and switched out our bread that we wanted to take to go with a fresh new batch kind of fabulous. The Martinis were fresh and delicious. The complimentary bread basket was delicious especially that fig bread oh my we shamefully kept asking fo more lol. Now onto the main courses. The rib eye was melt in my mouth fatty fabulousness. Sadly I did not like the macaroni and cheese plate. I dunno I prefer creamy hearty mac and cheese over bland with bread crumbs and they mixed some vegetables in it. It tasted "unique" by no means was it bad at all but compared to everything else it was just whatev. The decor was awesome. I wish I was rich and could come back here more often. the bill for the two of us was over 200. but we did two drinks each. my friend loved his food too he got some type of seafood sorry dont remember! i tried his french onion soup and it was yummy! i def recommend this restaurant for a special occasion or if youre ballin at the casino or just want a really great memory! Words of the wise MAKE A RESERVATION months before!!!! they were completely booked when we went!!! we managed to sit in the bar area which my friend and i actually agreed the seats looked comfier and it was a bettter view of the overall restaurant but if you have more than two people u will def want a reservation or you will miss out!
4	I was told before coming to Vegas to book early and not a buffet on Christmas Day.  Which was great advice because many of the good buffets in Vegas had people in line waiting for four hours or more on Christmas.  So prior to coming I made reservations through yelp for Gordon Ramsey Steak inside Paris Hotel.I arrived about 15 minutes before my reservation for 6:45pm.  We weren't seated till 7:00pm but I let it slide due to the fact it was Christmas.  In front there is about five or six tall brunettes that seat guests. As they direct guests to their tables,  guests walk thru the tunnel into the Steakhouse and one of the brunettes will say "You have been transported from Paris to London".  Then she proceeds to take you to your table.  Great, I'm in London. (Music is thumping) Is London always this loud?  Don't take mom here for Mother's Day... Ambiance is more for a younger party crowd.The server came promptly with an iPad to order drinks.  The water and drinks come very quick.  The service is what you'd expect from a fine dining restaurant.  Here's what we ordered:Shellfish Platter $75: this came out on a three tier platter.  It had Tiger Prawns, King Crab, Lobster Tail, Clams, and Oysters.  Everything was fresh and delicious.  There were about four dipping sauces to choose from.  Mac & Cheese $12:  every famous chef, steakhouse, soul food restaurant, etc have their own version of this dish.  Gordon Ramsey has a good version.  Not the best but good nonetheless.  Interesting to me while in Vegas is that Mac & Cheese is close to $20 at many places.  But Gordon keeps it reasonable with his prices all around for the most part.Beef Wellington $52:  tender is the first word that comes to mind.  It's a nice amount of medium rare meat roasted in the pastry.  I'd give it 4 stars.Bone-in Ribeye $58:  this was the best part of our meal.  Tender, delicious, juicy 24 once steak.  I know the Beef Wellington is Gordon's specialty and its difficult to make yadda yadda, but the ribeye out shines the Wellington.  It's the Beyonce out shining the rest of Destinys Child.  Boootylicious.One bad note is the restroom looks like I really was transported to a London Pub Restroom, dirty and yuck.  Just hold it till you get back to your suite.  Total bill was around $216. It's pricey but less than many of the other steakhouses in Vegas.  Excellent service, good food, and worth trying.
5	Buying an experience in Vegas as a tourist!Excited and had a small hype among friends over GR steak before my trip to Vegas.Glad that I was able to squeeze into the last reservation of the night at 10-ish pm on that day itself, thanks to the help of the concierge at Paris Las Vegas!Gotta agree with other yelpers on "being lost after waitress at door asked you to proceed in to the restaurant". Basically you just sit and wait till someone notices you after you entered the restaurant. If not, bug them till they showed you your seats. Else not, you will just be left on the sofa waiting....After about 15mins, we were being showed to our seats, and had the menu to look at. Not long after, our waitress rolled out the beef parts and had an excellent introduction of the meat! So detailed, so good!I decided on the kobe fillet, paired with a glass of Belle Glos Pinot Noir with the waitress's recommendation. AWESOME!We had side dishes too, some mac n cheese, sauteed asparagus and spinach for our table of 3.The experience: AMAZING! (expect for that initial feeling lost part...)Service: Good. Very attentive during serving, and very professional.Food: Really the best steak I've tasted.Price: Burnt a hole in my pocket but worth that try!Partied off the high scoring meat (fats) after our real late dinner at 11pm that night.I'M IN LOVE, with GR AND VEGAS!
4	The steak here are phenomenal:*24 oz Bone-in Rib Eye: extremely flavorful and delicious*8 oz Kobe filet: also a great choice*Japanese 5A Kobe: best steak I've ever eaten in my life. It melts in your mouth, really. Expensive though, $30/oz hurts my wallet a little Sides:*Pan Seared Foie Gras: the first bite: yummy, 2nd bite: still good but a little too rich now, 3rd bite: ok, can't eat this anymore*Bone Marrow: a disappointment*Mushroom: flavorful but a bit too saltyDessert:You must get the toffee pudding, don't even think twice about it
4	This is an excellent restaurant, though not without its faults. It's expensive for sure, and not a place I'd eat regularly for that reason - I find other spots nearby offer good steaks at much lower prices - but I'm happy to splurge from time to time.All the steaks are quite excellent, cooked perfectly, and nicely seasoned. The sides are very interesting and unique - I especially enjoy the potato puree. For desert, the Toffee Pudding is ridiculously awesome, and almost worth the trip just for that.In my two visits, I found the staff at the front desk to be pretty cold. The first time, we arrived on time for our reservation, but waited more than 30 minutes to be seated, and they didn't seem to much care. Once inside, the wait staff was great, and took care of all our needs.
3	Very dissapointing. Another example of adding a famous chef's name to a steakhouse to attract diners and tourists.Came here for a friend's 30th birthday. Although the restaurant is fun, and they explain little things as they walk you to your table, they placed us in a dining area upstairs that took that fun ambience away, and makes it feel like any other stuffy steakhouse.You choose your drink of choice from an iPad, but with 6 people, it takes awhile to get the menu around. The sauvignon blanc I chose was really tasty and fruity.The display of meats they bring by on wheels was really cool, and I liked how they had mirrors above each slab of meat for you to see the cut up and close.Most of the table had decided on the famous beef wellington, and I was the only one that didn't choose to order an appetizer. The appetizers looked great, and everyone enjoyed it, from the foie gras to the lobster tail.Expect to be at this restaurant for awhile, as everything comes out 30 minutes after each other. The beef wellington also takes 45 minutes to cook. About 30 minutes after the appetizers, they brought out the bread. YAY! However, for 6 of us, they brought out 3 small pieces of 3 different kinds of breads. Foccacia, a brie and walnut bread, and another roll that was filled with mushrooms and truffle or proscuitto. The breads were divine, as I was starting to get hungry, and their butter was amazing! We devoured it, and about 30 minutes later, they asked if they wanted more. Hell yeah!About 30 minutes later, our entrees arrived. Decent presentation, but the beef wellington's plate looked a bit lonely. My friend and I shared the beef wellington for 2, which is about $3 cheaper than ordering it alone. The friend that ordered his own had a smaller piece, cut into two. Now, the beef is done medium rare, no choice, but his was overly cooked. Ours were cooked perfectly, but the pate was soooo salty! Like I felt as if I was getting a taste of the ocean with each bite. I tried to just eat the meat, as it was cooked perfectly, tender, and a waste of $50 if I didn't eat it! But very dissapointing. I ordered the mac and cheese as my side, and that was even worse. I did not enjoy it at all, but at $12, I ate as much as I could. The brussel sprouts were also overseasoned and overcooked as well. The baked potato was huge and cooked to perfection. That was probably the best side.Only one pair of friends ordered dessert, and the toffee pudding and brown butter ice cream it came along with was excellent. Their french press coffee also came with 3 spoons with chocolate liquer, and it was very creative. The dessert definitley made up for the horrible entrees. Also, if it's your birthday, don't expect a free dessert here. Luckily, friends ordered for the birthday girl.Our waitress was Jessica and busser was Jessica as well. They were both great, but I feel our busser Jessica was more present, and made more of an effort to make the birthday girl happy. She also got to meet the winner, Christina, who was happy to take a picture with her.Overall, their apps and desserts looked/tasted great, but entrees are bleh. If I were to come back, I'd probably just order the rib eye, but definitley not the famous beef welilngton. What a let down!
1	Called to make reservations for a group.   I was told a manager would call me back.  I never received a call.  I was passing by so I stopped and spoke with the hostess standing outside the restaurant.  She told me he could not find my name anywhere but a manager called me and my phone must not be working.  I asked to speak with a manager.   She told me I could not speak with a manager but she would take my number.  The girl was obviously over her head and overwhelmed.  My bottom line is this......if you cannot manage reservations how can you prepare a top class meal.
3	I really thought the place was decorated in a very luxurious and refined manner.  The real reason I went here was to try the famous Beef Wellington of Chef Gordon Ramsey.  Luckily, my husband ordered the bone-in ribeye also because we mainly that for the dinner.  The asparagus crab soup was not good.  Side dishes were good, but nothing to brag about.  Overall, it is a great restaurant, but don't believe all the hype.
5	Me and my boyfriend made reservations and of course I was overly happy to get a chance to eat here.  We were a little late but they had no problem seating us in the lower dining room.  The ambience of this place would fit perfectly in a 30 to 40 something after work crowd.  The decor is modern and the open kitchen adds a great touch.  The music that was playing also fit right into the ambience.  After being seated and taking our drink orders from an Ipad, the busser brought us bread (which was just ok) we were able to observe the other diners and their entress.  Needless to say the beef wellington was a huge hit amongst people.  We ordered the pork belly for an appetizer and beef wellingtons, both were cooked medium rare (considering you did not have a choice anyway).  I instantly fell in love with the restaurant because of the delicious food.  The beef wellington was so tender and the pork belly was cooked perfectly.  My boyfriend received many kisses and hugs that night!
5	Truly the best steak house or rather restaurant I have ever been to!Drinks: the martinis were really tasty and pretty strong too! I liked the strawberry martiniApps: We LOVED the apps! I would def recommend the lobster tailMain course: We tried the beef wellington (classic and great) and the skirt steak with foie gras. I would def add the foie gras to whatever you get - esp if you live in CA and are deprived.Dessert wasn't that impressive, but the bread selection that was served at the beginning was really good. be careful not to fill yourself up though :)Service was top notch - really can't complain
4	We decided on Gordon Ramsay Steak for Christmas Eve Dinner. Unfortunately, I was not feeling well and settled for a bowl of soup instead of a big meal. Went with the French Onion Soup and it was delicious.We were a party of 8 and sat upstairs in a nice room. Half of our group was very late for our reservation but they let us sit down on time and wait for them. We ordered a few drinks while we waited. The service was great up until we actually received our meals. Our server came over a minute after our food was served to check on us and then disappeared along with everyone else that works there apparently. We finished our meals and sat and waited (drinks empty) a good 10 minutes before we had a busser come up to us to clear some plates. We had to ask him to get our server so we could get a check. We waited a few more minutes and finally he came and asked if we wanted desert. Then we had to wait a few more minutes for our check. I didn't think it was overly busy but even if it was that is no excuse for waiting that long.Besides the service, the food was great. Everyone loved their meals and they raved about the steaks. My soup was really good. As with every fancy restaurant on the strip, especially the ones with celebrity chef names attached, the prices were a bit ridiculous.Nice menu, good atmosphere and shaky service.
5	The food was excellent. Honestly, look at the pictures and pretend your eyes are your tongue. That's how good the food was. When you go to a place like this though, excellent food is expected. What really elevates this experience is the service. Matthew was our server and he was so attentive and genial. He made sure we not only had great food, but had a great time. My sister's boyfriend even  bought some uncooked items (like the wellington) to take home to my sister and bake in CA since she couldn't be there. Her boyfriend is a server and when one server can't stop raving about another, you know he's got to be good at his job.
5	I was here in late October, 2012. A group of friends and I went for another friend's birthday and we wanted to try some place special. This place did not disappoint! There were 12 of us in our group and we waited too long to get a prime reservation time, so we settled for 5:30pm. I am not a fan of eating early, as it makes me feel like I'm going to the early bird so I can get back in time for Matlock. However, with this being a special occasion, we took what we could get and learned from our procrastination. We arrived promptly for our reservation and were immediately taken to our table. The table was huge and gorgeous. Our 12-person party had plenty of room and felt quite special with where they chose to sit us. Our server introduced herself and she was quite pleasant and knowledgeable. Keep in mind, we intended to do this up right, so we were settling in for a long night and informed our server of our plan. She was happy to spend the evening taking care of us and it showed in her playful attitude. Between everyone in our group, we nearly ordered everything on the menu. I myself ordered two entrees because I wanted to try both the Halibut and the Rib Tip. As I like to say, I did it just for the halibut! I'm sure no one has heard that before. I could go into everything that we ordered, but it doesn't matter; it was all delicious. Like I said, we ordered just about everything on the menu and we shared and passed around everything like it was a holiday meal. All-in-all we were there for three hours. There was no one trying to rush us out the door so they could turn the table (that is first on my "do not do" list for servers, followed by "act like you want to be here and you want me to be here"). The food, the service, the ambiance and the whole experience was well worth it. Oh yeah, we got to meet the winner of Hell's Kitchen, Christina Wilson. She graciously allowed a few of our friends to take pictures with her. Of course, she was super busy, so they tried not to bother her too much.If you have the time and are in Vegas for a special occasion I would say this is a must do. It is on the expensive side, but it is an experience you will never forget. Personally, I'm a fan of expensive, well-worth-it meals. I can't think of a better way to spend time with friends.One last thing...the cocktails!!!  So amazing. My favorite is The Drifter. This consists of a special batch of Knob Creek bourbon (delicious by itself) added to a little ginger liqueur, falernum (a sweet citrus mixer found mainly in Caribbean drinks) and a little lemon bitters. Oh man this is so good. It is served with a big ball of ice, only one. This helps to keep it chilled without watering it down.  I must say, I have spent the past holiday season trying to perfect it at home and I've come very close. It is about 98% there and I'll take it. I did call the restaurant, but the were reluctant to help me out on the ratios. Luckily my five years experience of tending bar helped me get closer than acceptable, yet just out of reach of perfect.Go and have fun!
5	I'm not one for writing long and lengthy reviews, so this will be straight to the point as usual.One of the BEST steakhouses I've been to, EVER!! Everything had the right amount of seasoning. The ribeye was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth! I could go on for days about this alone! The oysters I had for appetizers were extremely fresh, and the sides were great. It did cost a bit of money, but so does everything else on the strip! And in all honesty, it was worth it! I'm going to try Craftsteak next, but I definitely will be coming back here to eat again.
4	Great food but overpriced. There are many more restaurants that have better food for less money. If you absurdly rich then don't worry about the value.  If not, then consider eating at Bouchon or Mon Ami Gabi.The wine pours are so week that I thought they were giving me a taste to see if I liked it....nope! It was disappointing but fun to eat at a Ramsey steakhouse.  The service was exceptional and the interior was gorgeous!!
5	Fantastic place to have dinner, whether a celebration is taking place or for no reason at all. My wife and I had dinner on Jan 06, 2013 and the food was deliciously overwhelming. The "fury for flavor" will engage all your senses and leave you wanting more. The drinks are well mixed and delicious, well worth the 10-14 price range. Last but not least, the ambiance is phenomenal; from the staff to the attention to detail put into the decor and service. I will recommend this a to a friend and I will eat here again, again, and again!
2	The food was all very good, but the service was a little shoddy and akward. First, the hostess that took our reservation didn't enter it properly into their system so when we showed up they tried to seat us in the lounge. I had to speak to two different hostesses and then their manager before we were given a table in the restaurant. Then for an appetizer we ordered the seafood platter. There are two options here, the small and the large, and we ordered the small. The waiter asked if we wanted any wine and we said we'd stick with beer. The food came out and 10 minutes after we started to eat, the waiter came back out and said "I've got some bad news, I accidentally ordered the large seafood platter, which is considerable more expensive, but I'd like to comp you a bottle of wine". So he was asking us to pay for the larger dish, which we didn't order and for our trouble would give us a bottle of wine, which he already knew we didn't want. He didn't put up too much of a fight when I told him we weren't interested, but at a top-tier restaurant something like that should never ever happen.
4	Great service, free pastries with bacon bits inside. Beef wellington steak is cooked perfectly and highly recommended.
2	Don't be fooled ... and check your billPros: food is quite tastyCons: where to start ...- A mysterious $45 charge for a "Cook Book" showed up on our bill "by accident" according to our waiter.  Luckily we even noticed.  I wonder how often that happens to unsuspecting diners? - We were 5 adults, with a reservation made well in advance, who spent almost $700 on dinner alone (and that doesn't include any expensive wine BTW), yet we were crammed into a 4-top table.  $140/per person plus tip and we can't get a table big enough for everyone?  Seriously???  - 25 minute wait for a table despite reservation.  Plenty of time to order $50 in drinks though.- Crap service - 25 mins waiting for a table, bus boy broke a water glass, 5 people crammed into a 4-person table, waiter accidentally charged us for a $45 cook book we never ordered, one of our party was having a birthday.  You'd think we'd at least have had a free desert or something but nope.- Gordon Ramsey is everywhere.  There's even a whole page picture of him in the friggin' menu. How narcissistic can you be? - Overall it was a very "Vegas" experience.  I felt like I needed a shower after dinner ... and not in a good way ... after being upsold, slimed and scammed for 3 hours.  - Expensive ... yes.  Classy ... not in the least.Bottom line ... if you thought Gordon Ramsey was a pretentious idiot after watching his TV show then eating at Steak makes him seem 100 times worse.
5	Well, I don't even know where to start and sorry for being so late getting this review in.  I had the fortunate opportunity to go to Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse on the Las Vegas Strip , September 13, 2012.   One of the most amazing meals I've ever had and I want to share the experience, so that if you should ever have a chance to dine there, you should!  Everything was just perfect and what started it off was the waiter,  Donald (Donny)!  I can still see his face and his attention to his job was impeccable.  Yes, I know it is a pricey dinning experience, but you should go there and order the Beef Wellington.  You will never forget it and after every bite that melts in your mouth, you will be wishing for it from now on!  Also, make sure you don't leave without eating the Sticky Pudding!  I can't remember the appropriate name, but that should be enough to get the right dessert.Another highlight of the evening was Christina Wilson, that had just won Hell's Kitchen.  That was the night she came in to start her new adventure.  I got to meet her and she talked in length with me.  Probably because I was seated at the top of the stairs where she was going up and down, so I calmly yelled to her to come over.  Maybe it's a Texas thing!  Sure didn't want her to get away!  :)  She was delightful and I'm praying she is doing well there, because she deserves to be.So, make sure you go to Gordon Ramsey Steak, on the Las Vegas Strip and have a couple of good drinks, the Beef Wellington and Sticky Pudding!!!  Enjoy and make sure when you make your reservations, try to ask for Donald (Donny) to be your waiter!!!  Who knows, you might even get to meet Christina!  You won't be disappointed, I promise!!!  All the Best to All that reads this and Happy 2013!!!!  Jama from Lubbock, Texas
3	Went in for the 5 course Hell's Kitchen Limited Edition Tasting Menu. Upon entering, I was kind of surprised at the club like decor. We had the most excellent waiter. Knowledgeable and friendly.  Not intrusive and not aloof. The perfect host. Food: Scotch Egg- Oh so rich and good. I've never had a Scotch Egg before and it was exactly how i imagined it would taste. Fantastic. Roasted Beet Salad- Did not like. Overpowering flavors. The everything bagel soil just ruined it for me. That, in addition to the house cured salmon.. ugh too much. Scallop Risotto- This was interesting. The risotto was a squid ink risotto making the color black. The smell was a bit much for me on this one. However, the flavor was rich and decadent. My dinner companions thought the risotto was the tiniest bit undercooked.... i didnt think so. The rice was swelled to the fullest and yet was al dente.Roasted Beef Wellington- Gordon Ramsey is known for his Beef Wellington and deservedly so. I've never had anything like this before. Melt in your mouth. This was absolutely wonderful. Pear Tarts-  It was good but nothing spectacular imo. With this menu you get a signed limited edition photo of the Hell's Kitchen winner, another chef and Gordon Ramsey. Is it worth the $145? Depends on how curious you are about his signature dishes. I would never get it again... but i'm glad i tried it. They have an impressive steak selection that your server will show you. They have an entire steak that is the marbled part of the ribeye. Looked amazing. TL;DRBeef Wellington is out of this world. Pass on the tasting menu. You can see the Hell's Kitchen winner working in the open kitchen. Very much a tourist/fan dining experience.
5	Consistency can be an issue with many restaurants, but maybe not with Gordon Ramsay Steak? As amazing as my first meal was, I think the second was even better. The seating was definitely better this time around. It helps to ask for a good table and that's exactly what we did. Others have complained about the volume of the music, but it wasn't a problem when we were seated on the second floor in a semi-circular booth. You can't beat that -- comfy digs and a nice view overlooking the dining room.Actually, the only thing that trumps that is amazing food. We started with a dozen small, plump kusshi oysters ($42) that were both mild and delicious. They were accompanied by a cocktail sauce, ponzu sauce and a third which I can't remember.The best way to dine is to eat family-style so you can sample multiple dishes. After devouring the oysters the beet salad was next. All of the dishes are so beautifully plated and this was no exception. Paired with salmon and bagel crumbs, among other things, it was an unusual mix of flavors that were perfectly in sync. Light, yet bold with a balance of acidity, tartness, and bitterness, it was a worthy way to continue our meal.The four of us split two steaks. First up was the royal long-bone chop ($105). A massive 32 oz. cut that they presented right after it was cooked, then brought back to the kitchen to slice so it would be easier for us to share. Thick and savory, this steak is best described as a man's man's steak. It was a grass-fed slab of beef, which was evident in its beefiness and coarser texture. It was amazing and completely different from the second cut -- the American kobe rib cap ($58). At 8 oz. it looked tiny compared to the royal long-bone but packed the "fury for flavor" that the restaurant's signage boldly markets. The buttery taste and supple texture was like combining the best attributes of a filet with that of a rib eye.Along with the beef, a side of Alaskan king crab legs ($40) was ordered. Too many places overcook them, but these were the most delicate and sweet chunks of crab legs I've had.The mac and cheese ($13) was tasty and the brussel sprouts were delicious, especially with the tiny bits of ham sprinkled throughout the dish.Three desserts were ordered. The weakest of the bunch was the carrot cake. It was a tiny square of cake on a rather sloppily presented plate. It was quickly forgotten after indulging in the other dishes. I don't remember the name of the cake-like apple dessert, but it was excellent. And finally, the sticky toffee pudding... damn... I don't know what else to say. As much as others rave about it, it was better than expected. The rich, dense, sponge-like texture combined with the toffee sauce and brown butter ice cream formed the perfect storm of desserts. It satisfied my sweet tooth every conceivable way... texture, taste, smell, contrasting temperatures... forcing my tastebuds into submission.After two amazing visits, I don't know how this restaurant could impress me again. But, I'd love to come back and let them try. Every cut of beef has been excellent, desserts are just as good and appetizers and sides would make most other restaurants envious. Consistently great food and service (not to mention the celebrity chef factor) have made this spot one of the hottest on the Strip and the buzz for it is definitely justified.
5	This wasn't a great meal, it was an AMAZING food experience. That's the only way I can put it. I had the signature Beef Wellington as my main course, the ricotta tortellini as an appetizer, the Mac and Cheese as a side (which was so light and not overwhelming on the cheese side that it acted as a perfect side), and finished it off with Gordon's signature Sticky Toffee Pudding. Also, to drink I had a glass of Pinot Noir which was a tough choice out of their huge wine menu.I went in ready to be let down seeing as I was a fan of his and I figured their was no way he could live up to the standard I hold his food at.  I had eaten at Gordon Ramsay BurGR the night before and loved it, but it's hard to mess up a burger if you're an experienced chef. Well boy was I wrong about him not being able to hold up. From bite one of the bread to the last taste of the Sticky Toffee Pudding (and for at least another hour after I left) I was in food nirvana.The cherry on top of it all was that the room itself had a great fancy yet contemporary feel to it with great music playing the whole time, not to mention that most of the hostesses were great eye candy to add to the scenery.Do I recommended it? No, I demand you go and try (after saving up a paycheck or two)!
3	I really hate to say this. I really do. But the dinner experience I had at GRS was nothing short of underwhelming. I had been dying to check out this restaurant, so when a friend suggested a trip to Vegas, I was completely on board. For an appetizer, we ordered the main lobster and decided to share. Boy, was that a mistake. While the lobster was good, the portion was absolutely miniscule and in anticipation of a big expensive meal, had practically starved ourselves all day. Moving on. For a main course, I ordered the Beef Wellington ('cause obviously I had to). My husband got the epic American Kobe filet. The waiter does come by with a meat cart before you order so you can see the different cuts, which is a nice touch. We also ordered the mac and cheese, haricot vert, and asparagus as sides to share.  My Beef Wellington? It was fine. Okay. Pretty good. When compared with the amazingness I was expecting (and the price point), "fine" isn't anywhere close to good enough. We got a bearnaise to go along with the Kobe steak, but the fact is, that was its saving grace. The steak itself was incredibly boring. Sure, it was pretty good. It was fine. Not bad. But.... this is a steakhouse. And that's a $75 steak. Seriously? Not good enough, my friend. On the other hand--- the sides. Oh my God. OH MY GOD. The mac and cheese was incredible, and I think I could have eaten two buckets of the tempura fried haricot vert. The asparagus was perfect, too. So for that bit of wonderfulness, I'm giving Gordon Ramsay Steak one star for each of those. When I start craving mac and cheese, that's the one I think of. So, so good. But guys.... it's a steakhouse. A STEAKHOUSE. With a super boring steak. Yes, it was well cooked. But I've had far better steaks at restaurants one would assume would be inferior. Overall, the meal was a lot of highs and lows. I had the sticky toffee pudding for dessert, since it's one of my favorite things on the planet, but I was really tempted to not order anything else. The toffee pudding I would say was quite good-- 4 out of 5 stars. I really wanted this to be the best meal of my life. It was certainly the most expensive (one appetizer, two entrees, three sides, one dessert, and the least expensive bottle of wine on the menu -- $300). But I refuse to get caught up in the I-paid-a-lot-for-this-so-it-better-be-five-stars trap and be completely honest. If you feel you must go to Gordon Ramsay Steak... just order the sides.
3	I was so excited to go to one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. I am a total fan. I have watched at least five of his shows. It was my boyfriend's first time to Vegas also, so we were hoping this would make our day. This wonderful, mind-blowing meal at dinner. Wrong!! The waiter was very arrogant and was trying to flirt with me. He pressured us into getting the HK Tasting Menu, which cost $145 per person, and he didn't allow only one person to order that but both of us must. Our bill was near $400. Now let's start talking about the food: the beef wellington was a disappointment. Yes it was very tender and melts in your mouth, but it was nothing special. It was so bland! The scallop risotto was okay. But the portion size was tiny. The only thing they gave us a full size was the dessert, and sadly that was the best dish. The food was okay. Service was okay. Ambiance was nice, but a bit noisy. P.S. Here's the Hell's Kitchen menu, if you want to check what we got: http://www.parislasvegas.com/images/non_image_assets/HK_Tasting_Menu_Pairing_Final_12_27_12_NEW.pdf
5	Of course I had to get the beef wellington after being a fan of Hell's Kitchen since the first season.  And being my very first beef wellington ever, I'm happy to report that Gordon Ramsay's version doesn't disappoint.  It's beautifully medium-rare and seasoned to perfection.  Accompany it with a side of their mac n cheese and you're done for the day.All the apps we tried were top notch as well:Fois gras - so fatty, so good and so banned in California lol.Beef tartare with raw quail egg - super beefy and rich.Raw oysters - fresh and sweet with notes of the sea.I'll be back to try the bone-in new york strip.This place gets packed quickly so make your reservations early.
4	Awesome setting and great food. The breads they serve in the beginning are awesome. I also had the onion soup, rib eye steak, and the fingerling potatoes as a side. The steak was definitely one of the best that I've ever had. The beef quality was great. They also use some special sauce with mustard seeds on the steak that just makes it taste even better. The soup was real good but the flavor was a bit strong. Fingerling potatoes were ok I would say their taste were pretty much neutral with the steak. The place is a bit on the pricey side but I knew that going in of course. Was definitely a great dining experience.
5	Oh my gosh this was our 2nd time went the 1st time in Nov 2012. Didn't think it could get better, but we had the haricot vert which is green beans fried with tempura batter. I don't even like green beans and these were soooo good. We saved room for dessert this time around the chocolate pudding cake was amazing. I think this price is totally worth it. Best food and service ever! Sean Cudahy was our assistant server he is very knowledgable, pleasant and funny, will ask to sit in his area next time.
3	I was really shocked with the service I received from my waiter Chris, he was extremely rude treat me like an idiot, I got out of there scared with the service.I got to tell that this was very sad to me to go to a restaurant of this great cheff, that I'm a huge fan, and be treated like this.I think  that after all the tv shows like kitchens nightmare, he could not allow this kind of people on his on restaurant.So for the service my score is -10 (10 negative).Now for the food my score is +100.I order the wellyngton, that was amazing, I enjoy every bite, really good, my wife order the filet well done, and was perfectly cooked. If wasn't for the waiter, this would have been the best restaurant for me, but still a great FOOD experience.
3	I mean, It's Gordon Ramsey.The food is truly off the chain.  The beef wellington was mouth watering and the sides were delicious.  The service, on the other hand, the service was, well, pretentious.  I understand that it's cuisine at it's finest, but how many people in the restaurant know what they're even looking at?  Our waiter was snooty and condescending.  Fortunately the food made up for it.I would not recommend the $30/ounce fillet.  Although buttery and melt-in-your-mouth exquisite, not worth $90 for the tiniest steak on the planet.
2	Wow...what a cool restaurant.......Wish the food would have been better....1. Table by kitchen...fun to watch the various dishes go out.....lots of Wellingtons rare.2.  Wine list arrives by Ipad - cool3.  Salad...just ok.....Green Goddess dressing good4.  Great Breads5. Rib-Cap Steak...ordered well...comes medium...send back...same piece of meat....still medium...send back...comes back correct butterflied.6. Sides - Mushrooms with bonita fish flakes...horrrible...Rubbery with odd taste.7. Baked potato - Great.8. Pudding cake with butter ice cream...Rich...and good...9.  Manager comps steaks..10 - Overpriced, overrated....If you order a steak well done...beware...overall not great for the $$$$$Did see Christina the Hells kitchen winner pop out onto the line a few times...looked stressed!!!Cheers!!!
5	I cannot believe that I have waited this long to review the best place that I will probablyhave the opportunity to eat at.  Make sure to make a reservation as they do get busy.  Gordon Ramsay has always been one of my favorite chefs and this review will have nothing to do with that.  From the time you walk into the restraunt you will be wowed at the decor and the setup.  Not to mention that they have an elevator to eat on the second floor.  My wife and I went here dressed up since it is a very nice place and not easy on the pocket book.  The place screams class and has alot of it.  We ordered the limited edition tasting menu not only because of the great food that was listed on it but also because each person that orders it got a autographed photo of Gordon with the menu in a nice limited edition numbered package.  I believe it was $135 a person and if you wanted to pay a little extra for wine pairings you could.Each course is brought out at perfect intervals and the service is hands down the best we have ever had anywhere.  We never went without there were multiple servers per table...I felt like royalty.  With each bite of each course I just wanted to cry it was so damn good.  The main course an amazing beef wellington cooked to Gordon perfection.  Everything was perfected not only the way it was prepared, cooked but the presentation was remarkable.  If I knew that I had one day to live my last request would be to go have this meal again at Gordon Ramsay steak in Las Vegas at the Paris hotel.  I cannot imagine this place getting less that 5 stars.  I will be back in the near future.
4	Whenever I show up to Vegas with the girlfriend and if we stay for at least two nights, I always try to go to an upscale steakhouse. This recent trip to Vegas a few weeks ago was no different.I'm not sure how other reviewers are saying that you can't make a reservation through OpenTable but I did and just to be sure called to confirm. Just to be triple-sure I showed up to Paris a day early to ask about the reservation and the hostess (though she didn't seem too friendly) confirmed it as well. So a big YES you can make reservations through OpenTable and it will be honored.When we showed up, we didn't wait long before being seated (we were about 10 minutes early). If you are coming here for an intimate dinner, you might want to look elsewhere. The way the restaurant is set up (at least on the bottom floor) is done so that you are literally one-arm's-length from the table next to you; which to me is a little too close for comfort. Like Cut, they will show you examples of the various steaks available and the impressive marbling on each. We settled on a side of spinach, 1x bone-in ribeye and 1x beef wellington - both medium rare.The food: the spinach was so-so for me, and the beef wellington, while excellent, all paled in comparison to the rib-eye, which was absolutely tender, delicious, and just about melted in your mouth.Having been to several of these kinds of steakhouses over the years it really comes down to three things: Service, Ambiance, and Food. While Gordon Ramsey Steak does an excellent job with the Service and Food aspect, I wasn't terribly  impressed with the ambiance. While it's definitely nice inside, it's not really meant for a romantic setting between you and a significant other.However, with a ribeye this good this place definitely is worth another try sometime in the future.
5	I'll keep it short. As with most things in Vegas, you get what you pay for. Try the shell fish appetizer- it has a high price tag for an appetizer but you won't have a better variety of fresh seafood presented to you better than this. The wagyu beef skirt steak (like most American wagyu, this wasn't real wagyu, but an incredibly close offering) was incredible! The beef Wellington was good except the dough fell off the steak because the knives weren't serrated to cut clean through. They don't do serrated knives because they claim it tears the meat. Disagree with that but that's ok. Overall great restaurant and you might get a chance to see a celebrity chef at work.
3	I've been dreading writing this review because I don't want Gordon to yell at me. :)But if he knew how bad our service was, I think he would pretty much go insane.  To be fair, it was a party upstairs for 70 people.  But for the amount of money we were paying, the service was incredibly slow.  I was in the back of the three-section "party room" they made for us and I did not get my steak until 10pm, while everyone at the front had already finished dessert by that time.It was also extremely slow to get any kind of drink or anything needed from the waiters.The bread basket (big variety) and the mac and cheese were very good.The steak I had was not the worst, but it was not nearly the best, either.The pre-set menu that we had listed the sticky toffee pudding, so I was very excited because I heard that this is ridiculously delicious.Unfortunately, what came out to our table was cheesecake, not the STP. I complained because, like I said, we were paying so much for this 70-person party, and after my complaint (and pointing out the preset menu) they then sent out the sticky toffee pudding for every table...but most people did not try it because they had already finished the cheesecake. The sticky toffee pudding is 5 stars by itself. It is the best dessert I've ever had in my life.  I've had it other places, but what makes this one so fabulous is the butter flavored ice cream that comes with it.I will probably go back to this restaurant for the dessert every time I come to Vegas...but I won't go for steak...STK at Cosmo was better for that.
4	Stepping into Ramsey is like taking a location warp from Paris to London. Decor is one of a fancy uk pub with short skirt tall woman (not necessarily a bad thing) taking you to your table. You are greeting by a team of folks and one has you an ipad with the wine list. Too bad the ipad froze often so no wine for me.The feeling is that Ramsey aims for you to eat with your eyes first. Presentation is very chic and modern. I can see the Hells kitchen chef was actually cooking my meal as the kitchen is very open.Bread basket was amazing with the volcanic salt and charcoal butter.The deconstructed beet and salad with heirloom tomatoes was the most refreshing of all the appetizers of all four restaurants. Great!The steak was slightly over cooked but had decent flavor throughout. The presentation was pretty to look at.The french press coffee with Amaretto, Bailey, and Chombord liquour chocolate mixture was very impressive.
5	The Tuna was phenomenal. I had it extra rare and I recommend you get it that way. The purple cauliflower glaze was floral and unique. Chris the server and Chris the busser were helpful the entire night. I want to say that I have never received better service. Oh, and the gin martini was nice and dry.
4	Steak was good but very pricey. Also you need to pay for water and its very expensive.
5	Yes it's pricey. Yes it take a while to get in, even with reservations. Yes it is absolutely worth it! My friend and I went and got the Beef Wellington for 2 and it was amazing. I go to a lot of nice steak houses and generally feel the meat wasn't worth the price. In this case it was absolutely worth it. Not only was the flavor of the dish amazing, but it was quite possibly the best piece of meat I've ever had. The sticky toffee pudding was also amazing, it's quite rich though, sharing it is totally advised, even if you're a sweets junky. I was disappointed by the mac and cheese, that was just "ok," but everything else was absolutely amazing! Highly recommend! Also, the wait staff was phenomenal.
1	Not only is Gordon Ramsay a joke, so is the food and service. If I could give this place zero stars... I would. Unfortunately it was the only 'nice' option at our time for our bachelor party. This place will be out of business in less than a year like so many of Ramsay's 'saved' restaurants. Don't come here... Terrible! Btw, the ladies Are tasty though!
1	We sat in the tavern to check out the place. We ordered the small fish and chips. Small is a understatement. The fish, the size of 3 small fish sticks on a bed of what tasted like the inside of a dirty fish tank. It was greasy and horribly fishy tasting. It came with a shot glass of French fries. Yes about 6 French fries total. I should have sent back the way over priced dish, but it was just a taste of food, what would I have sent back? 3 fries and 1 fish stick?I did notice that there are over 300 great reviews, I hope the rest of the food is far better. So my advice is don't have the fish and chips or the less expensive ($12) glasses of wine.
4	Great dining experience from start to finish. Service was on point from the cute hostesses, to the bartenders, to the servers and their assistants. Everybody just looked so sharp in their uniforms. Loved it!We started out at the bar and were immediately greeted with a welcoming smile. Idk why but it surprises me when a bartender in Vegas is super friendly off the bat. Especially a female one at that. Not to say they are all rude, but more nonchalant. Anyhow, I was feeling dirty...dirty martini that is and I always request blue-cheese olives if they are available. I was told they have an olive burger instead. It's an olive halved longways, stuffed with blue cheese, bacon, and a cocktail onion. Freakin' genius!! That one little piece of garnish made my night. I'm still in awe thinking about it.When we got to our table, our servers did a great job of explaining the menus, different cuts of meat and pointing out the signature dishes. I had the Beef Wellington which was very good but I can't help but compare it to another restaurant's version which set the bar really high for Beef Wellington. Had I had this version first, it would easily be my favorite. He had a seafood medley type of dish that I was actually getting pretty jealous of. He let me have a couple bites of the diver scallop and it was incredible. Perfectly seared with just the right amount of lemon cooked into it. The mac and cheese dish was outstanding as well. Lately, mac and cheese has been disappointing but this one was one of the best I've ever had. I almost forgot to mention, the bread was awesome, as well as the Kobe sliders we started out with. My only complaint was they were tiny. I could put the whole thing in my mouth in one bite--and no, not trying to brag here!We finished off with coffee that came with flavored spoons. Amaretto, Baileys, and Chambord. Those were too cool. They were labeled ABC, respectively. We went for the sticky toffee pudding which was nothing short of excellent. Sticky, buttery, moist with a side of ice cream that was molded to look like a slab of butter. It was the perfect ending to our dinner.
4	I almost feel as if I know Gordon Ramsay after watching his endless parade of hit television programs in my living room.  The one constant I have learned about Gordon over the years, would be his passion for perfection.  I thought I would finally get to experience a small slice of this during my long awaited visit to Gordon Ramsay Steak in Vegas last night... but it didn't quite happen that way.   You see, although the food was very good, and the service was more than adequate, a certain WOW factor was missing.Lets start with the atmosphere.  It doesn't much look like a steak house, but rather a bold, trendy, neo- modernistic pub I guess.  The ceiling was festooned  with an enormous, in-your-face Union Jack whilst red glowing intestines dangled below to pass as a chandelier of some sort.  The music was much too loud for a fine dining type experience and the bare table  look, although trendy, is just not proper for fine dining.  The iPad cocktail menu was right at home though and the eye-candy hostesses with back seam stockings were somewhat of a show on their own.  I got the impression the waitstaff were hired on merit of looks alone as they seemed a bit awkward and were quite literally tripping over one-another.  They  would almost certainly be more comfortable as models rather than order takers.  I also got the distinct impression they were trying a bit too hard to turn tables.   The first such clue was a stern admonishment that the Wellington would take quite a while coming out of the kitchen and it may be wise to make another selection.  The second clue would have been the removal of our cocktail glasses without the offering of a second round.  But I guess the kicker would have been the fact that when we did leave, we hadn't gotten two or three steps away and actually bumped into the next guests as they were being ushered to sit down at our uncleaned and un-set former table.All the food was probably just a tad under-cooked which is actually fine by me but not so much for my guests.  I thought the taste, temperature and presentation of the food was spot on.  Many will talk about the prices being to lofty but actually at this level, price is dictated more on demand and this place certainly has plenty of that for now.  Gordon could probably hike the prices by another 10% and still have sell-out nights.  The bread served with dinner was probably the most enjoyable course.  There is a certain buttery spread, with just a hint of cheese, provided that has such a perfect taste, texture and finish that it absolutely steals the show.  I was dissapointed to find the Alaskan Halibut was removed from the menu as I thought that would be one of the signature dishes.  Here's a free tip Gordon, update that little fact on the web-site menu so blokes don't turn up wanting a go at the Halibut only to learn is has been 86'd, ok mate?I still recommend a visit here though.  Not so much as a steak house to compete with the likes of Ruth's Chris or Mortons, but rather to experience the culture of trendy ambiance, flavor and fashion that has been assembled here with just the right amount of pretentiousness to prove captivating.
4	Giving it 4 stars but it might be a selfish 4 stars. In all my food adventures I have never had beef wellington. Of course I had heard of it my whole life but I am very wary of ordering steak dishes because I am usually disappointed, always thinking I could have done better myself at home. Being a big fan of The F Word and Kitchen Nightmares and a viewer of, if not as big a fan of, Hell's Kitchen I have been drooling over his beef wellington for years now so when I finally made it to one of his properties I HAD to make his beef wellington my first beef wellington. Maybe there was just too much build up. Maybe I just set my hopes too high. Or maybe I am right and there is only so much you can do to a steak no matter how good the cut is. I don;t know. All I know is that it was not all I had hoped it would be.Don't get me wrong, it was very good and perfectly cooked and while I have no other wellington experiences to compare it to, it probably is the best beef wellington on the planet but it just wasn't this mind blowing food experience that I thought it was going to be. Kind of like when you were a kid (before they had fine print) and you were so disappointed that your GI Joe glider really didn't glide as well or that your slinky wasn't really as much fun as those kids on TV made you believe it was. I mean it's meat wrapped in pastry, I don't know exactly what I was expecting but that is what I got.That being said, the demi-glace that was draped over the mashed potatoes like some sort of dark silken veil was the mind blowing food experience that I thought the wellington was going to be. I was hoping the bartender would pour me a glass of it but I guess they just don't do that for some reason. It was truly amazing and there was not enough of it on the plate and there may not be enough of it on the planet to curb my appetite for it. I want MORE. NOW! I have had demi-glace dreams since that night and have had to buy new boxers more than a few a times since returning from Vegas. I also had the pork belly app which was delicious as well. Not the best I have had in Vegas but very very good.The restaurant was really not what what I was expecting though. The music was just this side of being uncomfortably loud. The service was good. Not great but good. It was just me and another guy at the bar and while I didn't sit long with an empty glass in front of me it was probably longer than it should have been with only one other customer. I asked my bartender to make me a cocktail that would compliment the wellington and while it was a good cocktail I couldn't really find a common thread with the dish. I think she maybe she was just trained to push that particular cocktail which was on the menu. Usually when I give a bartender free range over my cocktail they showcase a drink they have designed themselves so creatively it was kind of a let down for me. I plan on going back in March to give it another shot. Hopefully by then you will be able to order demi-glace by the bowl.
4	I adore Ramsay! So when I first hear he was finally opening up a restaurant here in fabulous Las Vegas, I was delighted!The restaurant itself sits inside of the Paris hotel (how fitting) and the entrance serves as a tunnel into London and transforms into the bar/lounge area. Going further in to the right is the expansive yet nicely spaced dining room. Above the room hangs some type of abstract art resembling Ramsay as he cooks in the kitchen. Don't ask me to explain further, I'm still trying to figure out the piece myself.When you're seated and placing your order, a stainless steel cart of meat comes rolling by. All prime cuts served in the restaurant are displayed and your server thoroughly explains the desired cut and preparation. Fancy, I know.  I must say I commend any and all servers who studies their menus. It certainly allows the diner to trust your recommendations.I've been there twice now and both times, the service has been superb. I've ordered the French onion soup and lobster chorizo to start. Both divine. The onion soup had a nice bite at the end which cuts the richness of the broth. I love lobster and this appetizer keeps you wanting more. So succulent and cooked to perfection. I could even do without that chorizo.My main courses consisted of the bone-in rib-eye, Kobe rib cut and beer braised short ribs.  The boyfriend had the rib-eye and the marbling was near perfection. An even amount of fat running through to deliver the most tender cut yet. I had the rib cut and the server wasn't lying, the fat content truly made the meat rich. I'm not one to be able to eat a whole slab of meat in one sitting. So seeing as the cut was less than 8 oz, I thought I'd be able to gofinish it. I thought wrong. although it was delicious, it was just too much for me.  The braised short ribs were melt in your mouth divine. Smothered over mashed potatoes...the creamy combination of goodness took me by surprise.  One of my favorite dishes.Last but not least, dessert. Never can I leave a dining experience without a sweet ending. And a beautiful ending it was. The sticky toffee pudding. Oh my *!!! If I've used the word divine too many times already, I apologize. It was heaven! Scrumptious glob of brown that looks more like bread. But when you cut into it, that sweet, moist, warmth takes over. Ahhhhhh like an orgasm in your mouth. Truly!Ok maybe I got ahead of myself. Sorry again. I'll just end it by saying, go to Ramsay's Steakhouse, it's worth it, even just for that pudding. ;)
4	They have a great selection of protein and every kind of cut you can thing of with great detail and presentation with the meat cart they bring over. My only thing is they should have salads that are in season. Not a Summer salad in Winter.
4	we are well aware that gordon ramsay steak is infamous for its beef wellington, but what it SHOULD be infamous for is the rib cap. this has to be one of the best steaks i have ever had in my cow-eating career. you can literally cut the meat with a fork it's so tender ($56). the beef wellington ($52) was good, but it was completely outshined by the rib cap! the fisherman's grill literally has the smallest pieces of each fish/crustacean and is not worth the $50 price tag! a fisherman would be insulted! the sauteed mushrooms are worth trying as they have this almost sour taste to them that is odd at first and then addicting and the assorted bread is fabulous!! as for dessert, if you come here and don't order the sticky coffee pudding, you should probably re-evaulate your life, why you were put on this earth, and most of all why you are eating at gordon ramsay steak. cocktails were excellent (ADORE the innovative glassware!!) the ambiance is beautiful and the meat cart... WOW!super expensive but if you come here with a friend/date for the rib cap, a side dish and the sticky toffee pudding.... this is the safest bet you can make in vegas!
5	What a wonderful dining experience. Restaurant was lovely service was great. Started our meal with the seafood tower, which was amazing and had a good variety. Dinner both of us ordered the beef Wellington and the mac n cheese, which were all to die for. We ended our meal on an even better note when we ordered English toffee pudding, which I still dream about. Definitely  would come back.
3	Not sure what all the fuss is about.   Food was good, but, nothing special for a high end restaurant.   The service was poor.   There were 6 of us, with a reservation made well in advance.  We waited for 30 minutes beyond our reservation time, watching 6 "hostesses" move about and look pretty.   There was no room in the bar, no one offered to allow us to take a drink and sit in the casino.  We were finally sat at a booth for 4 with 2 chairs added, we were located at the top of the stairs.   So, everyone that walked by had to shuffle around us, we were in front of the door that led to a big private dining area, so every waiter that walked in had to walk around us...got the picture.   My scallops would have never passed the test on Hell's Kitchen, so I suggest that you go here as a last resort.
5	You know I don't write a lot of reviews, my usage of yelp is usually confined to looking up what everyone else writes to make a judgment call on where to take my wife and family.  But tonight I had an amazing dinner and wanted to share that experience with the fine readers of yelp.First let me say I'm not a foodie per say, I do enjoy a nice meal but I'm probably not as critical as many of the reviews you will find here.  Kitchen and wait staffs are the backbone of a restaurant and also human so I tend to be forgiving if things are not perfect.  That being said I was truly amazed tonight for a few different reasons.The first and foremost was the food.  I'm a fan of Gordon Ramsey, his no bullshit take on things and get back to basics approach is rare in a Michelin stared chef, but I'm a fan so I had to eat at Gordon Ramsey Steak.  I just had to.   So my expectations of a touristy restaurant were not massive. Culinary excellence is what I got, and I have to admit that it's the best steak I've had here in Vegas, grilled to perfection and cooked properly.  Something that is very rare when you order medium rare steaks. In fact it was so good and rich that I couldn't eat my side Honestly the best steak I've had here in Las Vegas. The beet salad was most excellent as well.  I wanted it to be, I mean it was in like every episode.But that's actually not what made this whole thing amazing, nor was it the wall o' steak they truck out (with waiter provided descriptions!), although it was impressive.  But instead it was the people...My waiter, an interesting guy named Chris, was the best waiter I have ever had - bar non, period, full stop, and I mean that.  He's a nice guy and knows what he's talking about.  Very professional, very articulate and very right - on everything - I mean that.  I've traveled around the world, and I've eaten at many places but Chris is the best waiter I had.  So you need to give this guy a raise - he knows how to treat a person, not a customer - a person and for him alone I would go back.  The food is just icing on the cake.  See the wait staff experience is a critical part of the meal and I think a lot of restaurateurs forget that, having a goo server can make or break the meal.  The food came out quickly and at the right time.  That is a choreograph of the kitchen and the waiter, he did that dance well as did the kitchen.  The second reason I love this place were the amazing couple who sat next to me, and took pity on a lowly engineer far from home and missing his family badly.   I know this is a food review but this needs to be mentioned and take one for ambiance.I'm a fan of the show. So with the sampler menu (which looked amazing) you get a signed little photo and man I wanted that photo but alas I cant eat shellfish so the amazing looking scallops are not something that would be good for me, so I'm out.  I guess they heard me pleading with my waiter or probably saw me staring at my phone at my wife and kids and offered to give me their extra photo.  I couldn't do that, they are fans too but they forced me to begrudgingly take the photo and that meant a lot to me.  Not having the photo but more about an act of human kindness to a lonely guy here by himself for work.  It makes me have faith in the world, and I promise (if you are reading this) I will pay that forward! Remember the cookies!People are nice and wonderful and you meet them occasionally - I did. It really gave me faith in the human spirit.The last reason why this place rocked my socks was the sticky toffee pudding - now I am not a massive fan even dating back to my time living in England (So I've had legit sticky toffee pudding in so many different places - pubs, restaurants, peoples homes etc.), its ok but there are better deserts out there. Now my wife is a massive fan of sticky toffee pudding so I thought well I'll get it as an homage to her since I miss her so.  My god it was amazing, jesus it was good and I don't even really like it that much! Seriously, if you like sticky toffee pudding or caramel skip the steak and get the pudding, it was miraculous.  Well don't skip the steak, it was amazing as well and to skip it would be a massive mistake.  It's a tourist restaurant, but the food is amazing, the staff is incredible.  So while it's a tourist restaurant but not really.  Gordon Ramsey Steak is a legitimate fine restaurant and you should think of it that way.  My only wish is that I didn't eat there alone, don't do it if you don't have to.  It's a meal that needs to be shared and talked about.  Order different things, and share because everything I had was amazing but I only had a small portion of what I could have gotten. If you do go there by yourself I hope you luck out and have nice neighbors like I did, they truly made my day, and if you do see someone alone there be nice to them.Man that sticky toffee pudding was good, I mean the ribeye was excellent but man that sticky toffee pudding was good.
3	The food was awesome, and thats what we went for. We had to wait for about a half hour for the reservation which is not a problem kind of expected for a busy restataunt. We did have the manager come over and tell us that the table we were sitting at was for people with reservations. I explain to him that we had made our reservation 2 months earlier. He then told me that they would have never sat us at a table that was not set. I told him to go ask the girl who sat us and she confirmed that she did set us at a table without table setting.When our food came it was great. I had a bone in ribeye. The tomato bisque was the best thing.At the end of our meal I went over to ask Christine if she would take a picture with me. She had been doing this all night. She did not even look up and said, "can't you see I'm busy." in a very hateful tone. I only wanted the picture for my mom. You would think as mush as it cost to eat there they would have better customer service.
1	All hype and no substance. Our reservation was secured by the concierge at the Four Seasons and we were assured that GR Steak was 'the hot restaurant'. Upon arrival, our party of 4 was ushered to the bar area for what was supposed to be a 10 minute wait. 45 minutes later, our table was ready. Needless to say, we were ready to eat. Only a waiter never materialized. Odd, considering all the staff floating about. Another 10 minutes without any staff interaction and we were on to plan 'b'. Thank you Four Seasons and Mesa Grill for saving the evening!
3	This update is in response to the genuine concern Gordon Ramsay Steak manager Amanda expressed after having read my Yelp review. I can only assume had she been on duty the night of our reservation things may have gone differently...
5	The absolute best restaurant in Las Vegas.Just recently went there for the second time and there's a few things you have to try:1. Beef Wellington2. Sticky Toffee Pudding3. Coffee of any kind4. Specialty CocktailsIt more than lives up to all the hype!My only complain might be that the wine list is a little expensive but every wine I've tried has been amazing.
5	Rib cap steak medium well was the best dinner of my life. Meat was tender, juicy, flavorful, perfect in every way imaginable. We had dinner at New York New York Gallagher steak house and all I could say that I will never go back to that place. Bad food bad meat ok service
5	Fabulous!!!!! We came as a table of four for my 30th birthday and had 8pm reservations. We got there a little early (around 7:30pm) and they not only sat us, but gave us the most perfect table! The food was phenomenal but the service topped it. Charles was our server. He was very knowledgable and took great care of us.  Sergio was our server assistant and didn't miss a beat. He was very quick to make sure we had what we needed and our glasses were never empty.  I apologize for not getting the names of the food runners, but they too were on their game. Everything was served to the correct person and they described each dish as they placed it. I couldn't be happier with the experience as a whole. Thank you!!
5	I meant to write this review as soon as we got home from Vegas on July 20th but forgot to do it so here it is, finally. My wife's parents were visiting us fromSouth Africa and had never been to Las Vegas so we decided to treat them to a dinner at Steak because they watch his shows on TV back home. The iPads at the bar are super cool, loved that innovation. We had the Beef Wellington which was out of this world, perhaps the best beef dish I've had in my whole life. The sticky toffee pudding is spectacular. One disappointment was that we ordered bone marrow bones and they never came with the meals so when we alerted the waiter he rushed off and returned 10 minutes later with ice cold bones and the marrow was congealed and cold. We sent it back.
5	Being a huge fan of Chef Gordon Ramsay and his show Hell's Kitchen, I really wanted to have dinner at this restaurant especially since the Hell's Kitchen Season 10 Winner Christina Wilson I believe is the head chef for the restaurant.  I probably made the reservation specialist a little crazy however, she was very accommodating.  My three buddies and I arrived at the reservation time and were warmly greeted.  The staff requested we go into the lounge for a couple of minutes (we were early by a couple of minutes) to start our experience.  The wait did not even take that long.  We were quickly shown to our booth and as our server Chris was getting ready to wheel the display of steak offerings decided to actually show them to us after asking and we agree.  The display was phenomenal and Chris expertly advised what was on the display.  I personally decided to go with the Beef Wellington which is a Gordon Ramsay signature dish.  Chris advised it only comes one way which was I believe medium rare is what he said.  Not remembering if I have ever had Beef Wellington, I was very pleased with presentation and taste of the Wellington.  It was perfectly prepared, lots of good flavor and the accompaniments to the entree were tasty as well.  I also had the side of pan seared foie gras was beyond belief at how amazing it tasted.  I was definitely in heaven with my meal.  My friends that I was with were equally satisfied with their meals and the wine suggestion of the sommelier in regards to a nice red blend was pretty awesome as well.  I have done a disservice by not mentioning it earlier however, the bread selections in place of dinner rolls were just the right petite size with a ton of flavor.  The one selection I tasted was either with pancetta or prosciutto and was just amazing.  The only thing that would have completed the experience would have been meeting Christina Wilson who I actually saw however, Gordon Ramsay has found a gem for his restaurant as she was discussing something with another member of the staff and quickly disappeared again.  The sommelier advised that Gordon Ramsay was at the restaurant however, was in meetings with some of his staff and when the sommelier went to let Chef know that a huge fan was hoping to possibly meet him, Chef was already gone once again.  No matter what, I would most definitely have dinner at this restaurant once again.  Thank you Chris our server, the restaurant sommelier and the entire staff for an amazing experience and a fantastic meal.
5	Amazing food. Good service and atmosphere.Ordered:Onion soup - the flavor was good, but nothing very special about it.Foie Gras - This is amazing. all the ingredients on the plate work extremely well with each other. Beside the seared foie gras, it also has berries, marcona almond, some granola (i guess) on the plate. I initially thought how the heck these ingredients end up on the same plate. but later realized that if you combine all ingredients in 1 bite, it cuts through the fatty taste of the foie gras and at the same time enhancing the richness and pure taste of the foie gras and melt in your mouth. There's definitely some chemistry between those ingredients in order to deliver that fantastic taste. Beef wellington - how can we not try beef wellington when coming to ramsay's restaurant. It was awesome. The beef was very tender, and it melt in your month, it really just like eating chocolate type of melt in your month. Kobe rib cap - The steak was very good. tender, good flavor, may not be the best steak I have ever had, but can't really find anything to complain about it either.Some side dishes are good. I saw a lot of people ordered bake potato (they are huge), I am not a fan of potato, but if a lot of tables were ordering it, it may be good.
4	The food was delicious!  I got the Beef Wellington.  Very tender and sooooo flavorful.  My wife got the filet.  We also had their mac and cheese.  To die for!  Now, don't take this the wrong way, but the place is trendy...not us.  You know, put your napkin on your lap for you, which kind of water would you like?, kind of place.  But the food...oh, the food!
5	I usually never write reviews, but went to dinner with the wife and our boy tonight and it was awesome. I had high expectations after eating at savoy in London, but they lived up to it. Food was awesome. The steak and seafood was off the hook and the toffee pudding was to die for.  But I have to mention the service.  We had Sean and Anthony taking care of us and it was like 6 star service if I could give it. They knew the menu front and back. They constantly kept an eye on us without feeling overbearing. It was perfect. We definitely would be coming back and for sure we will request Sean and Anthony and for sure some more toffee pudding with extra butter ice cream.
5	Absolutely one of the best restaurants in Vegas right now hands down!! Ambiance is very cool and detailed.Food is outstandingly deliciously melt-in-your-mouth excellent! Had the sliders. Wow. So much flavor. Tender, juicy, flavorful... best ever! Steaks were amazing, tender but with real flavor. Fingerling potato were like an unbelievable an explosion of flavor. Truffle + Potato = awesome! Coffee with liquor spoons are so fun and cool. Very unique and delicious. Sticky toffee pudding (piping hot date cake with caramel sauce and brown butter ice cream) is one of the best you will ever try. I've been to England many times and never had anything this good. SERVICE WAS OUTSTANDING. I have been twice. At the bar Amanda was really amazing. Very sweet and engaging but professional as the same time. Her steps of service, timing, table maintenance was impeccable. Best I have ever had at a bar. Manager stopped by (Mike?) was super cool. Totally knew his stuff and was professional, personal an friendly. Perfect Manager. The second visit Abraham was our server. Probably the best server that has ever waited on me. He had a extremely warm, friendly and cool attitude and seemed sincerely interested in my experience. His knowledge and descriptions of the food made my mouth water and were A+++. His recommendations were perfect, each one lined up with what we would have wanted. The timing was perfect, table maintenance was perfect. Level of engagement was spot on. In my opinion this restaurant really adds some foundation to the celebrity name of Gordon Ramsay and his shows. He is not just a talker but knows how to set a place up to execute a  perfect dining experience. If you're in Vegas this place is a must!
5	This is hands down my fiance and I's favorite restaurant. We visited over Labor Day in 2012 and we had no idea what to expect since this was our first Gordon Ramsay restaurant that we've been to. Seriously amazing! I had the Kobe Filet and Fire Roasted Corn with Lime Aioli and my fiance had the Skirt Steak and the Mac and Cheese. The absolute best steaks we have ever eaten and we could not get enough of the sides, delish! And the service..? Out of this world! They would come around and pour your water for you, put the sides on your plate for you so you wouldn't have to do it yourselves .. basically, they did everything but hand feed you. We really wanted to try the desserts, but we were so full from our steaks and side dishes that we couldn't bare to eat another bite. We will definitely be going back!
3	Went for my bday on 6/23 for dinner @ 8PM.  Brief wait for our table, 10 mins.  Had a table upstairs and had a nice waitress.  Loved my fried oyster appetizer and others loved their salads.  4 of us got beef dishes, which were very good and cooked properly.  The other had the pork chop and found it a little off.  Mac & cheese side was great but the corn side was a little strange for a fancy place (belongs at a Mexican restaurant or a picnic, we thought).  Okay, the only complaint were the baked potatoes.  We ordered two and they came out barely warm, yuck.  We sent them back and got ones that were warm.  How hard is it to serve a hot baked potato, especially when it cost $12 a piece?  The table ordered the sticky toffee dessert, which I liked but others didn't care for it.  The stick of butter ice cream was brick hard.I certainly have been to better steakhouses in Vegas (The Range) but I don't need to go back to Steak.  Probably would give it a 3.5 stars but not a 4 star.
5	What can I say, but WOW!!!!Started with a long legged young lady taking us up a winding staircase to our table.( our husbands thought that was a great way to start a meal)Thomas,  started us out with a nice Malbec, very knowledgeable wine steward. We ordered the shellfish platter which was served on an impressive pewter octopus topped with an ice sculpture overflowing with prawns, oysters, lobster, clams, crab...Ideal way to begin our dinner...Stephen, the wait assistant, brought out an assortment of breads.  All good but one was so scrumptious, the stilton blue cheese and walnut, I wanted to take home a loaf in my purse.... He was also so conscientious about the cleanliness of our table.Chris, our above and beyond waiter, brought out the selection of steaks on a tiered display that looked like it was made for jewelry!  Two of us chose the Kobe Rib Cap since we have never had this steak.  I can't find and adjective to describe how delectable that steak was....  We ordered a few sides, mac and cheese, Brussels sprouts, and mushrooms, all perfect but the end to a perfect meal of course was the dessert.Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter ice cream.  We talked about this restaurant the next day, and on the way home on the plane.We compared it to a dining experience we had 2 years ago in Venice.  Memorable, outstanding food, great service and will be back on our next visit.Thank you Gordon Ramsay!!!
3	I took my friend here for his birthday back in October.  He and I both LOVE Gordon Ramsay on TV so when this place was slated to open, I just knew this was the perfect birthday spot.  We met early and got a martini from the bar, which were both perfectly made.  The restaurant is pretty bright and there is a lot of red.  The ceilings are really high so it has a nice feel to it, but there is just something about the ambiance I didn't quite like.  Maybe it's the fact that the tables are so close to each other.  You can basically hear the full conversation of the tables next to you. The service and food were both good.  The pricing is slightly more expensive than the other steakhouses on the Strip, but the food doesn't justify it. The only reason why is because of Gordon Ramsay's name. I REALLY wanted to love this place, but honestly, there just wasn't anything that blew me away.  It wasn't bad by any means at all, it just wasn't anything to get excited about.
5	We had reservations on 11/9/12 at 6pm. We arrived a half hour early but were promptly seated nonetheless. We were initially greeted by Derek (im not sure of his proper title but was at the top of his game keeping our water filled and clearing away the dishes. His demeanor was that of a consummate professional! As for Michael, our server for the evening...I'll begin by saying I watch as much Kitchen Nightmares, Hell's Kitchen and anything else Chef Ramsay puts his effort into.  Michael is carrying on his excelsior standards. My wife didn't like any of the appetizer selections so we asked if a side could be brought out first instead. The request was handled as though it was a regular request.Michael did everything in his power to bring us an evening of delicious dining and comfortable atmosphere. I would love to have staff of his caliber at my home-town restaurants but, alas, he is probably on his way up to even higher callings if he chooses to stay in this line of service. As for the food experience: it's everything I hoped for. The kitchen staff is delivering not only food but a style of cuisine that hearkens to what presidents and royalty must receive.I'd like to thank all the personnel who put a solid experience together for us; we'll certainly be back to do it all over again!
1	So far I am absolutely horrified at the level of customer service I received in attempting to make a reservation at Steak!I have a group of 15 traveling to Vegas in late August, to celebrate our 40th birthdays, and at least 11, if not all 15 of us have decided that we want to culminate our trip by dining at Gordon Ramsay's Steak!First of all, I have been unsuccessful at every attempt to reach someone actually at the restaurant. I have tried to contact the hotel, and I just get forwarded to the reservations line, which in turn directs me to Ceasar Groups 'Citywide Group Sales'.I must say, this is where things took a turn for the worst. I have been dealing with representative Wendy Demay, for nearly 48 hrs now. To make an incredibly long story short, Wendy was only interested in selling me a 'Group' package, where we were required to sign a contract, pay 50% up front, have limited access to the menu, limited access to the bar selections, and where we would be unable to order anything else from the menu whatsoever! Even if we agreed to the contract !!! I explained to Wendy several times, that we were not interested in ordering from a 'fixed' menu. Instead of offering up options, or compromises, or even offering to contact the restaurant herself to see if there was anything she could do to help, she refused to, claiming that this is the only option, the way that it is, take it or leave it.She claims that Steak cannot accommodate a party of this size and deliver the standard of service it prides itself on.It is my contention that if the restaurant can handle two separate parties of 7 or 8 on the same night, at the same time with access to the full bar and dinner menus, then why on earth can it not handle one party of 12-14 ??Furthermore, this dinner is going to run us about $5000, if I'm gonna spend that kinda coin on a meal... I want to drink the wine I want to drink... order the appetizers I want to order.. and most definitely I want to order the steak I want to order !!!!! I don't expect to be told what I am allowed to eat and drink.Lastly, I expected a much higher level of customer service coming, not only from, a Gordon Ramsay restaurant, but Ceasar Groups sales force! Ms. Wendy Demay was not very helpful whatsoever, she did not offer any assistance, and was very unwilling to do anything other than push the 'Group Sales Contract'. Her lack of hospitality certainly does not leave me with  a very favorable first impression of the restaurant!Hopefully my attempts today to contact someone directly at the restaurant will be better. I gotta say, so far I am very disappointed! I expected much more!
5	Went in to a completely packed restaurant. Boyfriend got the Wellington and I had the Fisherman's catch. They said the Wellington would take 45 minutes. We ordered cocktails and an appetizer. Everything was phenomenal. I mean absolutely PHENOMENAL!!! I HIGHLY recommend the Wellington, it was perfect. We ordered a sticky toffee cake and it was beautiful and sooooo tasty. There is a type of butter/icecream on the side/ Whatever it was, it was amazing and I wish we had something like that in LA. We had the French Press Coffee with the ABC spoons and the Coffee was so wonderful. OH, I forgot to mention the bread with the imported butter with sea salt(lol), I could have just eaten the bread alone and given 5 stars. My boyfriend and I can't wait to go back. It was too good to be true and I can't wait to go back!
5	I really enjoy this place, the food is good, and the service is friendly.
5	Oh ribeye cap...Where have you been all my life?! I know, I know. You've been there for me the whole time. But like a jerk, I never knew you existed on your own, separate from my now-former favorite cut of meat: the ribeye. You've always been my favorite part of the cow, but I never knew it was possible to have you and only you...Gordon Ramsay Steak made a dream (I never knew I had) come true. The fact that they offer this piece of meat is worth the 5 stars alone. Google it. You know you want to...Another 5 star item? The sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream. Not only is the presentation clever (the brown butter ice cream was served as a "stick of butter"), but the flavor lives beyond the looks and the hype. My friends and I agreed: we're willing to brave the Strip traffic and casino smoke to sit at the bar here, have some Rince Cochon on tap and some sticky toffee pudding.Other notables:-the variety of the menu- it is a steakhouse, but if you feel the need to veer from their specialty, they have several seafood and other meat options. My friend got the Fisherman's Grill, a sampling of seafood that includes shrimp, salmon, mussels, lobster and perfectly cooked scallops.-beef wellington - how can you visit a steakhouse envisioned by a British chef and not experience tender bites of beef wrapped within puff pastry that's not even soggy on the bottom!
5	WOW!! As a pre-thought, I love Gordon Ramsay and watch all his shows and have waited till one day I would be able to taste his signature Beef Wellington and other dishes like risotto and scallops! So on my trip to Vegas, I made reservations at Gordon Ramsay Steak in Paris and had an amazing time. When we get there, they tell us there is a limited time Hells Kitchen menu with a 5-course dinner..ARE YOU KIDDING ME????? of course! we will take two!!!!  Before we start the 5-course, we get a sampling of different breads(all good) with butter and volcano salt. We are even offered to pick drinks from their mixology menu which is on an iPad, very nice. Now we move onto the 5-course dinner and it entailed: 1) Scotch Egg (basically a soft boiled quail egg which had a fried coating but the inside remained perfect??dont know how they do it!) 2)Beet Salad with salmon and a cream cheese puree, actually really liked it. 3)Diver Scallop with Squid Ink Risotto and Truffle 4) Signature Beef Wellington with potato puree and roasted vegetables 5) Pear Tart with salty peanut ice cream and volcano salt. Every course was delectable and cant wait to go back!!!! 5 stars baby!
2	Wanted to try a Gordon Ramsey restaurant, and left with very mixed feelings. The atmosphere is great-fun and hip-good service throughout-loved the cocktails, salad, and bread-but did not like the entree or side at all. Ordered sea bass at $42, and what arrived was a piece of sea bass on a plate with the skin and tail attached which was very off putting. Very little decoration or pizzaz on the plate-and why would any chef think people would want to see the carcass of their dinner? Does a steak arrive with hooves attached? Does chicken come with a beak attached? The side of mushrooms was very salty, and there were odd textures in the mix of mushrooms that just weren't appealing. Should have gone with fingerling potatoes. Credit for accomodating a vegetarian with an entree, but was charged the same price as a full meat entree for a plate of vegetables-and appeared on the bill as chicken breast-should have an appropriate charge for a vegetarian entree. The steak is probably great-but as a seldom steak eater, probably will never find out.
5	Beef Wellington + Macaroni and Cheese = best meal I've ever had.  Unbelievable and as Gordon would say: "Brilliant!" :D
4	I would like you all to know, that I was contacted by the Manager of Steak this morning directly. She assured me that this is not the level of service to be expected from Steak, and apologized for my experience with Wendy at Caesars. She also, helped me secure reservations with full access to the menu and bar selections for my party of 12-14 guests.Due to her professionalism I have bumped my review to four stars, saving that last star for our meal. Although, I am confident that it is a forgone conclusion that by the end of august... this will be yet another 5 star review of Gordon Ramsay Steak !
5	One of the best Steak's I've ever had.We made reservations 1 month in advance and we overheard someone at the door sounding frustrated that they waited 1 hour for a table.We walked right in.The place is expensive, but the food WAS REALLY GOOD.For a super super super fancy dinner, I would come here again.
4	The steaks were worth the money!I would've gladly given it a 5 stars if it wasn't for the long hour wait for our rib-eye steaks.  The steaks were delicious, the baked potato was awesome and the service was Gordon Ramsey all the way.  The price wasn't too bad given the fact that a buffet dinner runs around $25 to $35 per person.  Would definitely come back next time I am in Vegas.
5	Must tries are the beef Wellington and be sure to get a side of Mac and cheese (which is to die for!) and cream spinach. Be sure to save room for the toffee caramel cake with brown butter ice cream! It's the best dessert I have ever had. Also thank you Matt and Andrew for the great service! We will be back again if only just for the dessert.
5	Fantastic meal and service. Exactly what you would you expect from a Gordon Ramsey restaurant.
5	Our raviolo, Wellington, Brusselsprouts, Mac N Cheese and Sticky Toffee dessert were phenomenal but the service from Chris and Sergio was even better. Great experience.
5	I went to celebrate my boyfriend's 30th birthday and we had a great time.I knew it was going to be expensive but my guy is worth it. Our reservation was for 5:15pm on a Saturday. It was not very busy when we got there,but was totally packed when we left 2 hours later.The service was amazing. They were very thorough in helping me with the numerous questions I had about the menu. I was sad to see some of the seasonal items like asparagus NOT on the menu, but more reason for us to go back. The antioxidant drink was so refreshing and yummy.. we had 5 total. Thank goodness for taxis.We were so stuffed after the drinks, bread, and our meal that we didn't get any dessert... Again, another reason to go back. The only negative aspect was the NOISE level. I could not hear my server or my boyfriend. So go for a great meal and great service. But save the chit chat for later.
2	Well where should I start?  I made the reservation on open table about a month ago and was looking forward to this dinner immensely.  I am a huge Gordon Ramsay fan and we ate at Burgur the day prior.  We had a 7:30 res and arrived on time. We were asked to go to the lounge and wait for our table as it wasn't ready yet. At 8 pm I approached "Erica" the hostess and asked if she knew how long it will be until the table was ready, she answered very abruptly and rudely saying they will come and get us when it's ready. There was no explanation and no apology, just attitude.  We were taken to our table shortly after by another hostess who was great. I also was disappointed with the music level, it was so loud that it was hard to enjoy the dinner, it had a very club like atmosphere that took away from fine dinning.  Our waiter Tony was great and very helpful as well and Andrew and Krystal who helped out with a few question and service. It is also disappointing that you cannot get a 6 oz steak, not everyone can eat 10 plus oz's of meat. On a less important point but noteworthy we were not offered regular water, bottled or sparkling only, just something that lessened the experience.  At the end of the evening and a $400 bill the evening was enjoyable but disappointing.
5	Love this place!We came here at my friend's suggestion since she watches Hell's Kitchen.  I do not but the place looked nice enough from the pictures of the website that I was intrigued.  While we were waiting for our table, we had a seat in the bar area and lo and behold, who is sitting next to us but the one and only Gordon Ramsay!  He was super nice (which took me by surprise) and even took a picture with us.Drinks were great and very stiff.  I ordered a couple of dirty martinis.Once we were seated, we were served complimentary bread and butter.  Great variety of bread options.  We started off with the smoked beef tartare.  It was probably a little too smoked tasting for my taste but not bad. For my entree, I ordered the Kobe American skirt, medium rare.  It was amazing and so tender!  This place gets steak right!!For desert, we ordered the sticky toffee pudding, which really is as great as everyone says.  All in all, a great experience.  Our reservations were at 9 and I don't think we left until 12:30 a.m. but the experience really flew by, since we were having such a great time.  Fantastic service too!
4	ambiance:the restaurant was a bit loud. they had music playing, and on top of the conversations and ambient noise, it was a bit much. they have a light sculpture on the ceiling and every time the hostess brings a group in a restaurant, they give a very rehearsed line about how "the light sculpture is an artist's interpretation of gordon ramsay's hand movements while making his signature dish, the beef wellington". it would be a nice anecdote if they didn't say it so... artificially.service:the service was great. they were very busy (surprising on a monday night), but our meal was paced well. the sommelier, waiter, and bread/water server were very attentive and nice.food:bread plate: i can't remember the exact description of each bread, but the one in the middle was my favorite. they are this little puff pastry, like a cinnamon roll without the cinnamon, one swirled with pancetta and one with black truffle (my favorite). they brought out enough bread for 1 per person, and then later offered to bring more of what we liked.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=SX27LrRv1c1aj6glpESsZg#SX27LrRv1c1aj6glpESsZgsmoked beef tartare ($22): "lemon zest, red onion, capers, guinness infused mustard seeds, yukon gold herb chips". a very unusual take on steak tartare. the texture was great, taste was very smokey. they bright it out under a glass cover so you see the smoke inside. it is served with potato chips instead of bread.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#LnIozwhYeRD5XaI7SnEC5gmaine lobster ($26): "chorizo stuffed maine lobster, butter poached brandied lobster cream sauce, butternut squash" i only had a bite, but there wasn't as much chorizo as i was hoping. very lobster-y.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#z2a9GaHKkr3YghZnC5dz7gfoie gras ($25): "pan seared foie gras, huckleberry, marcona almonds" best thing i ate all night (but is that really surprising with foie gras?) the little huckleberries went so well with the perfectly seared foie gras. next time we are ordering 2.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#cNIJ18FS896A1vx9KnnQWwbeef wellington ($54): gordon ramsay's signature dish. i was a bit disappointed to find out it was made coating the steak with mushrooms instead of foie gras. it was very good, the steak was cooked perfectly.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#HOu-7kfaEgBXpzgzFD05_gmac and cheese and mushrooms ($13 and $13): "mac and cheese: blue, cheddar, parmesan, truffle" and "sauteed mushrooms: garlic chips, scallions, bonito"the most disappointing part of the meal. the mac and cheese was ok... it had peas in it (very british). i didn't eat much of the mushrooms (a single beef wellington is a lot of food) but they were ok.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#FI4RHKRs3S-dIFGvkBPy5Qtempura fried green beans ($12): "haricot vert, tempura fried, confit garlic-citrus aioli" very good, fried green beans. i have had tempura green beans before, but i think the batter on these was the best i have had.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#ukN6QmjN83sXegTgpjj5zgcoffee flavor spoons (with the french press coffee, $12): these little flavor spoons came with the french press coffee. A = amaretto and white chocolate, B = baileys and milk chocolate, C = raspberry chambord and dark chocolate. a fun little treat.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#iYorH8lJMYDR4F2oE8YOJQsticky toffee pudding ($14): "sweet pudding cake, brown sugar toffee, brown butter ice cream" mmm... so delicious. they bring it out and pour the caramel (brown butter toffee) on top of the cake. it was wonderful, the caramel and cake combined amazingly with the brown butter ice cream (which was cleverly served as a stick of butter).http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMA#ySPtlIYK4tczpIqTciarMAoverall it was a very fun meal. next time, i would get the beef wellington and sticky toffee pudding again, but instead of all the sides and all the appetizers, i would just get multiple foie gras.note: i would recommend getting a reservation at least a month in advance for a decent time. we booked our reservation january 12th for a reservation on february 18th, and got a 6:30 reservation.
1	I'm only giving Gordon Ramsay Steak 1-star because 0 isn't an option.  Gordon Ramsey should be ashamed of this restaurant bearing his name - he should have been in the restaurant screaming at his staff that they were failures like you see on TV, as in this case, they were.I went to Gordon Ramsay Steak with a friend to celebrate his birthday.  Unfortunately, I was horribly disappointed.The disappointment started when we were seated.  We originally had a reservation for 6 people, however only 5 showed.  Well, they seated us at a table meant for 4.  I might expect this had we brought an extra person, but we actually brought one less person than our reservation was for.  Given that this is supposed to be a high-end restaurant, that's downright unacceptable.Moving on, I was going to order a drink.  Their drink menu is on an iPad, which as a techie, I thought was neat in concept, except the menu was broken and I couldn't actually use it.  Oh well.  No drink.Next up was the appetizers.  I ordered Ravioli.  Never did I envision that when ordering Ravioli, I would get one, singular, ravioli.  Yes, it was a larger than normal ravioli, but for $13, I expected 2 or 3, not just one.  It wasn't bad, but wasn't particularly amazing, either.On to the main course.  The cuts of meat were good. however the side dishes were just OK.  They used butter and fat as a crutch, and weren't actually good by design - they were just buttered up to taste good.Finally the check comes.  There is a $45 cookbook on the check.  Throughout the entire night, there was never a discussion of a cookbook, we did not ask for one, the waiter did not offer one, nor did we receive one.  It's possible it could have been an honest mistake, but given how bad the experience was overall, I'm not inclined to give them the benefit of the doubt.After we get the cookbook removed, the check for 5 people was a bit over $700.  No wine was ordered - that was just the cost of food.  I'm not complaining about the price (I knew it wasn't a cheap restaurant before going) - I'm complaining about how bad the food/service was given the price.  I truly believe I would have been happier had we gone to TGI Friday's and paid $700 for our meal at TGIF than here.  This restaurant is a joke - even if I was offered a free meal there, I'm not sure I would go back.  Don't waste your time or money going here.
4	Four of us went to celebrate my husband's birthday.  We got a reservation for 9:15pm on a Saturday night, which was good timing in Vegas. We arrived a little early so we had a drink in the lounge. All four of us were a little surprised of the ambiance - not what we were expecting for Ramsay. It's as if he was struggling with creating a great dinner atmosphere with a Vegas night club.  The decor looks very similar to what you see on his tv show, but some of the neon lights and bumping rave music was a little bizarre to us.The staff was very friendly and they sat us at a great table near the kitchen.  It was a pretty busy weekend so the waiter was very apologetic about things being slow. However, none of us really felt as if the service was slow at all. They rolled out the table of steaks and the waiter did a great job at explaining all of the cuts.  We each ordered the following: a NY strip, a Porterhouse chop, and two rib-caps.  The Porterhouse is 32oz. but our friend was able to plow through that - so only order if you are big eater!  The staff brought the Porterhouse out when it was cooked to show us what it looked like prior to slicing - we appreciated that. The NY strip was 18 oz. and definitely a good size. Our friend had a little difficulty finishing it. My husband and I ordered the rib-cap. Okay, I actually didn't know they made a cut such as this. I love a rib-eye steak, but sometimes the cut is too big, over 20 oz.  However the rib-cap is actually an 8oz. cut of the most tender (and best marbled) part of the rib-eye. So for me it was an absolute hit. I got my rib-eye (the best part of it) in only 8oz. which was more than enough. My husband who usually doesn't enjoy a lot of marbling in his meat, got this as well and also thought it was amazing. One of the best steaks we've ever had.We ordered three sides and had some leftovers: Pureed potatoes, mac and cheese, brussel sprouts with bacon. The potatoes and mac/cheese were amazing but very rich. I had ordered the brussel sprouts because those are usually my favorite side dish - but not so much here. The bacon was undercooked as were the sprouts. I usually like my bacon very crispy and cut into little pieces for this dish. Instead, there were large thick pieces of bacon that looked steamed rather than sauteed or fried. The sprouts were underdone too.Dessert...For my husband's birthday they brought out the sticky toffee pudding cake and brown butter ice cream: TO DIE FOR. We shared it as a table and it was more than enough for all of us. This is definitely worth getting.Fabulous staff, service and food - so why the four stars rather than five?It was so loud in that place that we couldn't even hear our waiter.  I don't mind noisy and fun, upbeat restaurants, but this brought it to a new level. Someone else had commented on this in a review and I remember thinking that they were overreacting - uh, no. It really was way too loud. My throat hurt after I was screaming/talking to my friends at the table or asking the staff to repeat themselves because we couldn't hear them.Overall, it was a fun time and a perfect place for celebrating with friends.
2	Update:  Manager Amanda contacted me to apologize about our experience, and demonstrated their dedication to guest satisfaction by refunding the price of the Kobe steak.  We will be giving the restaurant another try in May, this time I will be ordering the beef wellington!We had a late Valentine's dinner on Feb 17th and chose this restaurant for the Japanese A5 Kobe steak. Sadly my $150 filet was so charred that it simply tasted burnt and was not tender as expected.  I have had amazing A5 Kobe at the Luxor in the past, and this just did not compare. To be fair, my husband's beef Wellington was incredible. When he commented to the server that his filet was better than the Kobe, the server couldn't get away from the table fast enough! Try the restaurant for yourself but avoid this cut of beef, it is not worth the price and you can get a better filet at Ruth's Chris right down the street.
4	Rib Cap Steak was so~~~~~delicious
4	"Nearly As Hawt As Me"It was a nice evening so I parked across the street. I rode the elevator from the parking garage, cut through the casino and made my way outside. The fountains were still, tourists waiting with cameras for the show to begin. I was wearing a white Honolua shirt with tan Dockers and brown New Balances. I had just worked out and looked unbelievably sexy, so much so that I had almost cancelled dinner in favor of staying home to stare at myself in the mirror. But friends were in town from back East so my narcissism would have to wait. I crossed The Strip behind a sculpted Milfer, then swung left at Miracle Mile. It was a short jaunt from there and I strode in the side entrance of Paris Hotel/Casino. I winked at my reflection in a hallway mirror and hit the main room. Somewhat busy but not too bad, enough to have fun, not enough to feel smothered. I was early so I dropped a twenty in a Wheel of Fortune machine. I quickly doubled my money and cashed out. I toured the gaming area while searching for Gordon Ramsay. As I walked I passed Mon Ami Gabi, instantly remembering having eaten there years ago. Eventually, I spotted my destination and stopped at the greeting stand. Two nearly-as-hawt-as-me brunettes in skintight black attire plastic-smiled me and asked if I had a reservation. I said no, that I was meeting some people at the bar. They told me to go right in. I stud-muffined by another Robert Palmer Addicted To Love chickie dressed in black, deflecting her mannequin-like rictus with little damage. It was dark inside the bar, and I slowly scanned the patrons. I hadn't seen these friends in nearly 20 years so I wasn't sure they had remained as attractive as I had; therefore, I was fearful of not recognizing them. But, alas, I need not have worried. They spotted me immediately and called me over.After the requisite hellos and how are yous and you look great nonsense, I sat between them and ordered a seven dollar Stone Pale Ale. We talked about people we knew, the old neighborhood, and our quickly aging selves. As we sipped our drinks I noticed a hairline crack in my glass. I mentioned it to our barman, but not until I had finished the ale. He sincerely apologized and gave me another beer on the house. As we rambled on we looked over the menu. Mostly a steak and chop place, the average Gordon Ramsay entree looked to be around 50+ bucks. My companions had already stated that tonight's meal was on them, but I was never one to order something pricey when someone else was footing the bill. So I glossed over the more expensive items and went with a simple roasted chicken breast. My pal went with rib-eye and baked potato and his wife selected foie gras and caesar salad. The restaurant was pretty crowded so we decided to stay at the bar.There were three bartenders at the counter. A blonde, a brunette and our man, Oscar. Oscar was the pleasant type, gracious and attentive throughout. When our food came he asked if our drinks were okay and then left us to our meal.My chicken was a nice golden brown with some crispy skin on the side. It lay upon a bed of wet wild rice that I wish there had been more of. But the bird tasted good and I supplemented the poultry with a fine assortment of breads. I took a look at my buddy's steak and potato. Jesus Christ. That slab was shaped like the state of Montana and almost as thick as a Dostoevsky tome. And the spud? Honest to God it was the size of a football. He enjoyed both immensely as did his wife the liver and greens AND her new best friend beside her who turned out to be from our area back east. Her new bestie was a veterinarian, in town for a convention. Anyway, we chatted a bit more about good times and bad. More of the former than the latter, but neither of less importance. When the bill came my chum grabbed it immediately, charging it to his room. I asked if he needed any money, if I could please leave the tip. He waved me off. We stood to depart and gathered outside. Slot machines rang and whistled as we said our goodbyes. I wished them well on the remainder of their cross-country trip and headed for the exit. As I hit The Strip I wondered to myself if I should not perhaps return to Gordon Ramsay one day. Foot the bill on my own and get a fat slice of beef with a double Scotch.I smiled as desert wind and tourist cologne whisked through my hair, now longer than it had ever been. "Yes," I whispered aloud as I walked with strangers in the night, "that sounds like the most wonderful of ideas."
5	Unbelievable experience at Steak on 12/29/12.  Osetra Caviar and champagne with sweet waffle-like tiny blinis OMG.  Long Bone for two melted in the mouth.  It was served medium rare in the truest since - more toward rare than I thought I would have liked, but after trying this aged meat, there was just no way it was going back. It was, heavenly. Staff helped with pairing a great Pinot Noir; the experience was simply out of this world.  Perfect in every way.  I can't wait to return!   !  Oh, and it was also one of the most romantic dinners of my life.  No way too loud.  It was just the best.  THANK YOU!
5	This steakhouse was absolutely outstanding.  It started off with the hostess explaining to us about the decor and then our wait staff (Mike White and Sean Cudahy) were very attentive and helpful with food choices.  The Fried Blue Point Oysters were a great appetizer and I would order more great food instead of filling up on the delicious bread.  The caesar salad tasted like a great balance of flavors, not sure if they will put more garlic or anchovies on for you, but we thought it was good with out over loading the flavors, like at home.  I suggest ordering the Kobe American Filet, because of the tasty crust and perfectly done inside of the steak from the start of the meal to the last bite.  The Beef Wellington was good, but I preferred the Kobe fillet for the pure taste of the meat.  The only thing better if you have room is the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert and it pairs well with several wine choices.  We were impressed with the wine because it had many of our personnel favorites, consult the sommelier because he was very good at pairing to enhance the experience.
5	came here for dinner on Feb 22. when i showed up they were very freindly. told me there was a 10 min delay. so they took us to the bar. we ordered drinks and right before we got them they told us our table was ready. i knew what i wanted before i even walked in there.  that was the beef wellington. but i wasnt just about to order i was going to enjoy the whole experince. the waiter introduced himself and his assistant. gave us the bread and water. $9 a bottle. so it isnt free guys. they showed us all the cuts of beef. they all looked awesome. we ordered and waited a fairly good amount for the food. thankully we ordered the shrimp. that was some good shrimp. delicious. then our orders came in. i received the beef wellington and the wife got the chicken. that thing melted in my mouth. the chicken was great too. the wellington was medium rare. cant wait for another visit.
4	I'm giving 4 stars instead of the 3+question mark because maybe I'm just ignorant.  But let me put it to ya straight: yes, it's so very possible to have a bad steak. However, is it really possible to keep improving steak beyond that incredible melt in your mouth heavenly consistency?  I have eaten steak at Gordon Ramsay and I am going to answer no. There is nothing that this man has done that has made his steaks worth the $50, $70, even $95 price point!  And this is just a 6 oz cut of beef mind you, not a dinner, not sides, or a few pieces of arugula paired with a demure wedge of tomato. All of that's extra. I wasn't impressed, but I also wasn't paying. If you find yourself in this delightful situation, order the group-appetizer that comes on the octopus platter.  Every type of prawn, oyster, and tiny sea creature of the soft and hard shell variety comes on that platter.  Being a seafood person, I got down 'n dirty in my little glittery dress.  Now the octopus platter, I was impressed with.  The steaks, take em or leave em.  It should be called, Gordon Ramsay Octopus Appetizer.  But maybe that would put people off.
4	Went with a friend a few months ago to try it out since it was new. The ambiance and decor is very open and things like a large union jack gives it a very distinct british feel. The ipad drink menu was an interesting touch. I had the ribeye cooked medium rare and it was nice and tender. but towards the inner part of the steak it was more rare which I didnt like(I ended up taking it home and throwing it into a stew for flavoring and it was awesome btw!). Service was good and rest of the food was decent, nothing to complain about. Very expensive food, even though it was good, not sure if it's worth the prices here. Still, a solid choice if one is looking to splurge but I would think theres more affordable(read as still expensive but not as expensive as here) options available.
2	Was disappointed with Gorden. We expected so much more. The Kobe Filet mignon was $95.00 a piece and was good however the side of mushrooms we got were way to salty. The corn was pretty good nothing special. The waiter was all nervous and made the energy uncomfortable, he acted like Gorden Ramsey was in the kitchen yelling at him. I wish he was b/c maybe he would have offered us another side when he asked my husband how it was and my husband told him they were too Salty the waiter just said, "oh" not can I offer you something else or remove it from the bill. We won't be back. We have had better steaks and service.
5	Absolutely excellent meal from top to bottom, the Wellington was a life experience in perfection.   Highly recommend getting the desserts, we have the sticky toffee pudding, and it was unbelievably delicious.   Bring an extra stomach or two, you won't want to stop when full ;p
5	This was BY FAR the best dining experience that I have ever had and I have been to some GREAT places.   Pretty pricey but well worth it!!!   Our service was great and they were very attentive to our needs (refills, etc) During the meal, Chef Christine came out to our table to wish my sister a happy birthday which was pretty cool!   We started with Ceasar Salad and that was great and then we were given different kinds of breads and the steaks were the best -  we did order the sides to share for the table but I did not have much of that since I was pretty full!  I would definately recommend this place when you go to Las Vegas,  we had considered other locations and am very glad that we settled on this one!!!
4	The manager of the restaurant contacted me and was able to get us the reservation on the date we originally wanted. We very much enjoyed the food and the service. I appreciate the gesture to rectify our experience, but we shall see if the reservations process is fixed the next time we try to go here.
5	My wife and I ate here the day before Valentines.  We had a reservation which is a must.  First we arrived about 15 minutes before the reservation and sat down in the elegant bar area.  We both ordered martini's which were beautifully made and delicious.  The bartender was super friendly and very personable.  We were almost sad to leave the bar to go eat dinner.  I recommend arriving a little early to have that romantic drink with your significant other at the bar!  We were then escorted to the 2nd floor and sat at a table close to the edge so we could see down into the 1st floor dining area.  I really wanted to sit on the 1st floor so I could see the chefs preparing the food but I didn't complain.  I'll ask for a table on the first floor next time.  The atmosphere was great!  The waiter explained the menu and then told us a steak trolley would be by to explain the steaks.  While waiting we reviewed the menu and quickly knew we wanted to try the Hells Kitchen tasting with the wine pairing.  I believe the cost was $145 + $75 for the wine pairing.  Yes, it's expensive but so worth it!  Here's what we had and my opinion:  Scotch Egg - Amazing!  Roasted Beet Salad - Amazing!  Scallop Risotto - Did I already say amazing?!!!  Roasted beef Wellington - Amazing again!  Dessert was Pear Tarts - Really delicious!  The only negative I could even say is portions are small as can be expected.  My wife and I are small people so we were very satisfied regardless.  Highly recommend if you are willing to pay!
5	Late night, looking for somewhere to grab a bite to eat, we stumbled over to STEAK and they informed us they were only serving the bar menu.  We thought we'd try it anyway.I ordered the Kobe Burger and my friend ordered the seared Foie Gras!  Ridiculously delicious is how I would begin to describe the taste of the Beef and the Foie!  It was so great we went back for lunch before leaving town.  In Vegas, I've been to Homestead, Ed Ogden, and the Palm @ Ceasars, and Craftsteak @ MGM, so I've had some great steaks, and that led me to a high standard of expectation when Oscar, our bartender, suggested the Kobe Ribeye Cap and described in detail its tenderness and flavor.  He knew his stuff well because we both ordered it and it marked the #1 Steak I've ever had on my list.   The lightly marbled texture gave it an incomparable flavor to any I have ever had before.  We also added the Foie Gras again to top the steak, accompanied with Spinach and the Truffle Mac & Cheese.  Oscar suggested pairing it with a Malbec which I found to be a little dry for my taste, so I chose a nice, aromatic and wet Pinot Noir.  The atmosphere was a relaxing change from the loud and excitable sounds of the casino.  The other bartender, Tracy, was very sweet and helpful and I typically wouldn't dine at a bar, but the bar area in STEAK is very welcoming. With Oscar and Tracy hosting us, we felt very comfortable.   In summation, if you are looking for the best cut of beef in Vegas and/or decadently prepared Foie Gras, STEAK is the place!  Gordon Ramsay maintains his unparalleled high standard in service, style and flavor and has now provided me with my favorite steak in the world!
5	One of the best meals we have ever had. The seafood platter was delicious. . With a side of roasted bone marrow just for fun! Two of us had the bone in rib eye with foie gras add on.. Decadent.  The side of Brussels sprouts added some green to our fat fest. My wife had beef Wellington.. She said it was the best meal of her life. Everything we ate was perfectly done and perfectly seasoned. The portions were also perfect for the price.This meal was on a different level than any other restaurant I have ever been to, Sure I can spend half the money and make a meal that will blow my guests away.. and NEAR this level.. But I will work my ass off doing it.I forgot to mention the bread. I don't eat bread but the Brioche called me. My god it was good. I found 50/50 Brioche and bone marrow was just about right.
3	When Comparing Ramsey steak to other steak houses, I would say they're about average, nothing special. The service was pretty good, except the fact that, when my sister order a medium steak and got a medium rare steak and told them about it, all they did was reheat it. At most other high end steak resturants I've been to they take more pride in their steak and make sure it's done right and make you a brand new steak. I was a little dissappointed considering Ramsey has such high standards on his show
5	My husband and I went for dinner here for our post-wedding dinner. We made a reservation for 530pm but they were able to seat us early which was very appreciated. The ambiance was lovely and we were seated in the most comfortable chairs I have ever had the pleasure to sit in at dinner (I mention this because you will feel like you need a chair to wallow in after eating so much). The drink menu is on an IPad, which was neat because you get pictures and descriptions of all drinks so it makes choosing easier. Sort of. We had about 4 different cocktails because they all looked so good it was hard to narrow it down. We were served a fancy little bread plate and ordered the ravoli for an appetizer (delicious!).My husband ordered a filet, I got the beef wellington, and we had the mac n cheese and buffalo carrots as sides. The steak is amazing, but I urge you to order the beef wellington! It is rare to find it on a menu anywhere and it is one of the best things I have ever eaten, hands down. The sides were excellent, and as they are served family style there is plenty to go around. Please get dessert, and make it the toffee pudding. I wanted to cry a little because it was so good. As far as the service is concerned- our waiter was wonderful, our drinks were never empty, and our table was always clean, organized, and full of food. It was an absolutely lovely dinner and I cannot wait to go back.
5	OMG! BEST MEAL EVER!!!! And since we live on the strip, we've been to some pretty amazing places like Cut, STK, etc. Everything from the wait staff to the perfect scrumptious meal was AMAZING! We had the Lobster tail stuffed with Chorizo-that was yummy but could have used more chorizo because I love it so much. My husband and I split the Beef Wellington...WHOA! Like nothing I've ever had before...SUPER tender and extremely tasty. We also had the American Kobe beef rib cap..again, the flavors were phenomenal and once again tender! And last but not least....dessert....WOW that was an experience in itself! We had the award winning Sticky Toffee Pudding....It was THE BEST THING I'VE EVER TASTED! My husband said it was like "sex on a plate"! He's right! I would have never had ordered that because I'm a chocolate lover but the waiter was awesome and recommended it...we were so glad that we listened to him because otherwise we would have missed out! We can't wait to go back!
3	Went here for Vday and thought the food was good as well as the prices. Looked at the prices outside of the Valentines Day special we received and WOWZERS looks like I couldn't even afford to eat an appetizer here. Pretty steep prices with not a lot of justification.
2	I really wanted to like this restaurant, but I could not.I had an 8:15 reservation with clients and we were not seated until 8:45.The steak (bone in ribeye) was so tough we had to send it back.The Cesar salad was very skimpy and very overpriced. The sides were nothing special.There are so many great steak places in Las Vegas there is no need to go back to this one.
4	So this is one of three we tried at this price level and it was good all around, if it weren't for one large eeww moment.  My rating is based on the Ribeye as I have based all other reviews on this.We were slowly walked to our table and told a couple of interesting facts.  Listen to her or you'll miss out on something special.  She seated the wife and placed our napkins on our laps, how cool!!We started out with a welcome and an explanation of the ipad list of wines and cocktails.  It seems you can add your selections through the ipad, added them and spent some time looking for the dinner menu.  Note to anyone else, only drinks can be selected.  the dinner menu comes later.  We ordered the Pimm's Cup and The Drifter.  OMG, the best combination of drinks we had on the strip, by far!!!In comes the steak display, mirrors and all, with the Kobe placed on top.  At this point, 4 people have been to our table and talked with us in one way or another.  A sign of great things to come.We then proceed to order the Maine Lobster (Chorizo filled) as our appetizer, Ribeye with the Loaded Baked Potato and the Beef Wellington with Brussel Sprouts and Bacon.  This is where the eww comes in.  Apon the delivery of the Wellington, my wife found a hair in the glazed root vegetables.  Luckily she found it before we began to eat and the waiter was very apologetic and took it back.  As anyone would do, I sat there waiting for her meal to be redone as my Ribeye sat in front of me.  The waiter then came back and asked if I would like mine kept warm and of course I said yes.  Refire done and meals back on the table in about 5 minutes.At this point my wife was so turned off by the hair, that her experience has marked her for life and will not return.  But on the other hand, I truly enjoyed both pieces of meat and only found a couple of bites of gristle in the Ribeye.  Now half way through the meal a manger came up and apologized for the mishap and comped her meal.  What??  Only hers??  I guess that's fair since I did enjoy mine.Of course we couldn't leave here without trying the Sticky Toffee Pudding and the Cappuccino which comes with three spoons of Dark, White and Milk Chocolate to mix in.  Both were fabulous and they did put a smile back on the wifes face.At this point, I think about 8 people now have been to our table and would explain the higher cost in meals versus the others.  It was very hard for me to choose the rating because the food was great and mistakes do happen, so I will keep to my rating of the Ribeye.
4	Not gonna lie; I love Gordon Ramsay's shows and I totally planned to have my birthday dinner at one of his fine establishments. And Steak comes with the HELL'S KITCHEN tasting menu, which we passed on.It seems that this place is bumpin'. This is not like an old stuffy steakhouse: there is loud rock music playing, the decor is modern and there are iPads to order drinks. And there's a huge center piece on the ceiling - a neon "art" sculpture of Chef Ramsay's hand cut movements. My bf and I were excited to try the food, since Chef Ramsay only commands the BEST, so he ordered a filet mignon and I, the beef wellington, the signature dish. So I ordered the beef wellington without knowing what it was. I heard that it was the signature dish and went for it. I didn't take to the pastry crust with pate and duxelles (I think that was chopped mushrooms), but the meat. OH, THAT WAS THE BOMB. In fact, both of our meats were easy to cut and had a good amount of pink. And THAT MEAT; it melted when we chewed in. This is what Ramsay stands for. What didn't jive well with us was the mac and cheese. I thought it was lack luster. And you can skip that. However, don't skip the sticky toffee pudding. Trust me, it's worth the diabetes.
3	Ok let me preface this with the fact that I intend to go back and give this place another try because I want to try some more of Gordon Ramsey's recipes. However I was disappointed with my first experience because I did not feel the price was worth the quality. The goods:Impeccable servicebeef wellington was deliciousThe ribeye steak that is cut different (I cant remember what he called it)The bads:Two of the three steaks did not come out cooked as ordered. My sister ordered medium and got medium rare. Same with her friend. WHen you spend 60 on a steak, that is pretty unacceptable. Half the table had started eating, so they just dealt with the bad steaks. We told the server the dilemma and he offered to refire it. Personally it would have been nice to get a free dessert after something like that. The appetizers were also disappointing but I want to try a few other ones next time I go (maybe I just ordered poorly)I hope my next review on this place is better! I really want to be wowed! As of now, Bobby Flay's restaurant (Mesa Grille at Caesars) dominates Ramsey's steak -house. Sorry Gordon
5	My two sisters and friends ate here as a get together in Vegas and I have to say that I was skeptical because it was run by a TV personality chef, but that was soon allayed. I should also point out that I worked in a couple of four star restaurants serving from dishwasher to chef. The waiter Charles Narak was without a doubt one of the best professional waiters I have encountered in the past twenty years of so. Having professional staff like him can literally make or break a good place because you never know what kind of attitude the customers bring with them and it can influence it has even if the food is great the dining experience may be ruined and they may not come back. My sister had some dietary restrictions due to allergies and being a polio survivor and other conditions and one of the things she can no longer have is pepper which many restaurants use to make lower salt items. Charles consulted with the chef and they had conversations and not just a scribble on order. The outstanding, the staff was a well-oiled machine with little wasted effort and it did my heart good to see it.My other sister who does not like carrots loved Gordon's recipe that came with the Beef Wellington as did I. across from me a friend had some sort of sea food delight thing that as nearly flawless but tasted better than it looked. I had Wellington back in the nineties when I had money in a famous New York restaurant for $150 and it was about half as good, making the less than $50 price a bargain. In looking at other tables I also saw other people's food items I also wanted, but as watching the staff made the night for me and it did my heart good to just see them in action with no holes in the line-up. I opted for a Belgian pale because I don't normally think wine and Vegas generally belong in the same sentence but if I do return I think I'll look at the list. When I go back I will rectify my only regret of not ordering the Cassolette and compare it with the Paris five star versions. When I go to Vegas there is no doubt that I will return because sadly the quality and the prices are not a good but this is the exception.  If you go there you will not be disappointed in any offering. Go there, go there now.
5	Superb restaurant.  Steak very very good almost perfect. Probably one of the best steaks ever ( and I have been to many).  And the sides are excellent. Definitely would go back again if I go to vegas. Service was very friendly and genuine unlike alot of american restaurants whos service is all about the tip/ gratuities.  Conclusion: excellent food and service but alittle noisy (but hey we are in vegas.......what the hell turn up the music).
4	This place started off shaky.  The hostesses here are dressed like cheap (very cheap) working girls who have outfits made of curtains and old wrapping paper.  More horrendously, they act like they are from LA: terrible attitude, doing you a favor by seating you, and genuinely give you a feeling that they are depressed.  You have a job, buck up ladies!The wine menu was excellent, but the iPad the use to display their list was filthy.  I was also shoulder checked by a waiter on the way to the bathroom, and there was no apology.  The staff here just looked miserably morose.  Our waiter was friendly and helpful, so it wasn't all bad.Anyway, there is good news!  The food was quite good.  Recommend:Onion Soup - it's a bit different, much sweeter than other onion soups, and less salty.  It's delicious.Kobe Rib Cap Steak - Best cut of meat I've had in Vegas.  Tragically it was slightly overdone from the requested medium rare, but it was still mouth-watering.  Seriously a can't miss.Beef Wellington - My wife ordered this, and it's definitely a great combo, but when you're dealing with these excellent cuts of meat, I don't see any need to wrap them in phyllo dough.  It's like making a sandwich, and using caviar instead of jam.  Utilize the sommelier!  He's remarkable, and very warm.  He does not seem suicidal like the LA girls at the entrance.  I mean this when I say it, he's the best I've met in Las Vegas.Lastly, kudos to the chefs.  It's an open kitchen, and you can see them performing at a high level.  Christina, the Hell's Kitchen winner, was open to taking photos and being customer-friendly, but she constantly had one eye on her pans and dishes.  Chef Ramsay had an outstanding influence on her, and you can just tell she has a very bright future in the industry.
2	The wine list is a bit overpriced - many of our local wines were nearly double in price.  Food service was slow - quoted 45 minutes for meal to be ready (beef Wellington) took close to an hour (we had a show to see -which we informed server - that was 2.5 hours after our reservation time) - don't order Wellington if you have time constraints.  Wellington was nothing special.  Food was good but nothing spectacular.  The price points were high - we had an inexpensive bottle of red and total for 4 was over $400.  The next night we ate at firefly - for 10 people it was nearly $100 cheaper - the food was 10 times better, better service, more variety, better ambiance and overall much better dining experience.  Will never go back to Ramsey's.
5	What an incredible meal at Gordon Ramsay Steak! After years of watching Hell's Kitchen, we were excited to eat at one his restaurants and finally try his famous Beef Wellington. They offer a nice selection of bread - different and unique flavors. We liked their presentation of the different cuts of meat so you could see exactly what you would be ordering.The Caesar salad was good. It was a typical Caesar but I really did like the dressing, which had more of a tangy taste and was a nice twist. The Beef Wellington was perfectly cooked - so tender and melted in our mouths. The mac and cheese was nothing special, a bit bland, but we loved the mushrooms. And as everyone else has said, the sticky toffee pudding was absolutely to die for! Definitely pricey, but a fabulous meal with great service that makes a special dining experience.P.S. for Hell's Kitchen fans: It was neat seeing Christina, the winner of the Hell's Kitchen, cooking in the kitchen too!
5	Came here back in June, we had a reservation, but still waited a little while. Needless to say, it was well worth the wait! You really cannot get Beef Wellington like this at any other steakhouse that I have been too. This is what Gordon is known for, absolutely special and worth any wait. The service was impeccable and the restaurant was very cool. A wonderful meal and a can't miss when in Vegas.
2	The whole evening was a very dissappointing! The bartender gave us attitude along with the staff out front like we where doing them a favor by making reservation for 8:15PM and we where sitted at 8:50PM. Food was cold and not properly prepared. Way overpriced along with poor service. Many great steak houses in Vegas this one should not be on anyone list.
5	One of the top 5 dinners I have ever had and the most spectacular service. Chris and Nate were amazing and attentive. We ordered the menu from Hell's Kitchen and loved every bite.
4	Went specifically because it was a Gordon Ramsay Restaurant and wanted to try the Beef Wellington. Made reservations ahead of time and when we arrived the hostess was prompt with seating us and giving us a brief history on the restaurant and the decorations. The wait staff was professional and well dressed for the atmosphere. The decorations are unique and eye catching but not distasteful. One of the immediate problems that I had was they sat us at a table for two which isnt the problem but it is how close you sit to other customers. There is barely any room for the waiter and it seemed they insisted at squeezing between the tables when coming for service. The meal was fantastic and the Beef Wellington was just tender and full of flavor. Service was great the entire time we were there; cleanliness of the table and silverware was spotless and wait times between meals was not too long. If your a meat eater then there meat prize cart might interest you as it has all of their cuts presented in fashion.
5	We went here to celebrate our 10 year anniversary.  I read the other reviews, and I mean I read almost every one of them, but I'm glad I did because it gave me some ideas of what items to order. What I found to be consistent was that even the people that gave bad reviews liked at least one item. The Beef Wellington, macaroni & cheese, and the Sticky toffee pudding dessert were among the top items liked. We arrived 10 minutes before our reservation and we were sat immediately, so this was a great start. When we were lead in by the hostess we were given the little tour/explanation of the design and the decor and you could tell that she had given this spiel so many times that she was just going through the motions.  But we didn't really care anyway.  When we were seated, we were greeted almost immediately and given a drink menu. Again, another good start. After the meat cart presentation, we ordered the Beef Wellington, and Macaroni and Cheese, as well as fingerling potatoes and the Kobe rib cap.  We were told that the Wellington may take a few extra minutes but we didn't mind the wait and we appreciated the heads up.  We were brought bread before the meal.  It was a variety of different types of bread.  We especially liked the prosciutto pinwheels.   Our meal arrived sooner than expected, it was presented beautifully, and the taste was incredible. The Wellington and the Rib cap truly melted in your mouth and the macaroni and cheese and fingerling potatoes were a wonderful addition to the meal.  The smokey flavors in both side dishes matched perfectly with the beef.  After many minutes of silence at our table, we started to get full, and we had only eaten half of the meal. The portions were plenty for us.  We knew we had to save a little room for the Sticky Toffee Pudding and we are so glad we did.  It was unbelievably good.  The butter ice cream was amazing!By far this was one of the best meals we have had and we will be returning every time we make it to Vegas.  If you have not been there, you have to at least try it once to form your own opinion, we are so happy we did.  The service, food, and atmosphere were top notch.
5	I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay (well I am British!)This restaurant opened last year when I was in Vegas - on the day we left town and I was super gutted to miss out.So when I found out we were visiting Vegas again the first thing I did was make a reservation (thanks open table).Our reservation was for 515pm on Friday night, I did notice on their site it mentions that the dress code is 'business attire' so I made sure neither my husband or I wore trainers. Was a little disappointed to see a few people walking round in shorts and crocs, guess they don't like to turn people away. Although there was no mention of a dress code on open table when I made my reservation.I read lots of reviews prior to going and read the menu before I went in so knew before I sat down that I was having the beef wellington and sticky toffee pudding.My appetizer was maine lobster which was divine and my husband had the fois grais which was also divine. I have only had beef wellington once before - which seems strange as Im British, and this was Christmas last year when I made it myself! So I only had that to compare to. Either way it was amazing, melt in your mouth. My husband had the rib cap and he said it was super good. We shared the carrots which were great and the creamed spinach (was ok - very salty).Dessert came and we decided we wanted to try two things, so we had the sticky toffee pudding and the carrot cake, I don't like carrot cake, but hubby assures me it was great - as for the sticky toffee pudding - WOW!! it was the best I've ever had, and I have had a few in my time. We were so stuffed after and felt like we could have sat in the comfy chairs all night.It was quite loud in there, we were near the kitchen, but we could hold a conversation no problem.Before you order you get to see the meat trolley and all the different steaks, which is pretty cool, but after a while having it pushed by your table (we were next to the kitchen door), it did become a bit annoying.Our server was very helpful and polite and we were greeted by each staff member we encountered,I would really like to try the tasting menu, so may have to go back for a second visit.Also it's not cheap - so be warned and make sure you make a reservation. There were lots of people being turned away
4	I made our reservation through Open Table on the Yelp app 2 weeks in advance to take Hubs out to a nice dinner, he earned it for putting up with me. There were only two time slots available so be sure you reserve in advance. We checked in with the hostess a few minutes before our 7:45PM reservation. A couple of minutes later we were seated at the table on the second floor over looking the restaurant. Great view. The restaurant is very noisy so if you are looking for an intimate quiet place this is not it. The music is loud and so is the chatter from the fellow diners. The decor is modern with lots of reds and blues used along with the London flag. After looking over the menu I ordered the chicken breast ($29.) Hubs ordered the beef Wellington ($52.) just like the show) both are listed under signature dishes on the menu. We were given an assortment of fresh breads and butter. The focaccia was delicious. Fresh, soft and a little oily. The French bread had a mild cheesy flavor and the third circular roll had bacon baked the dough. The food arrived 45 minutes later. The chicken was moist and cooked perfectly. The wild rice was a good side it went well with the chicken. The sauce was a little salty for my liking. I had a bite of the beef Wellington, it was tender and the pastry was soft and flaky. The portions were a good size, almost too much. It was a good thing we didn't feast on appetizers/starters prior. For dessert we had the spiced apple cake with salted peanut ice cream ($12.) The cake was served warm with a sweet syrup (probably brown sugar) drizzled on top of the apple slices. The ice cream was delicious and I am not a big ice cream fan. The saltiness of the ice cream went well with the sweetness of the cake. Service was great. We were constantly being taken care of by the staff. Our waiter  was okay he checked on us a couple of times. But the fellow waitstaff made sure we had everything needed. Our total with tax was $100. (Plus gratuity) Misc. info: Use your players card for the hotel and save a few bucks on your bill. Plus it will be added to your points.
5	Amazing. We went with the reviews of the Wellington and toffee desert. Everything was amazing from the food to the service and the lively atmosphere. Will definitely be back to try different items.
2	My wife an i had an 8.45pm reservation on saturday evening. We were seated quickly but for a high end steakhouse the table and chairs were more suited to a bistro, ie no tablecloth.We had the fried oysters, raviolo, beef wellington and sea bass, with a couple of sides and a modest bottle of pinot ($58). The bread arrived after we had finished our appetizers, with many apologies, but it spoiled the start of the meal. The mains and sides were very salty, to the point where we couldnt finish the potatoes and mac n cheese. The smores cheesecake to finish was good. Service was not special. We had to fill our own wine glasses throughout the meal. We ate at ramsays restaurant in new york last year, which was a totaly different experience. This place seemed geared to the tourists and was overpriced, in our view. We did meet christina, the hells kitchen winner, and she was charming and agreed to a photo. But for a almost $300 bill with tip i expect a lot more.
5	We ate on 3/12/13 and it was Super awesome...first of all CHARLES, u were wonderful. We were seated at what i call the picnic section in our dress and suit and quite frankly didn't feeling like sharing my meal w/ strangers. They quickly moved us to a booth-awesome and everything was heaven from there. We got the hell's kitchen menu and it was superb...if u want a nice night out you won't question service or food and even though it's a little pricey i will pay that for wonderful food and wonderful service....even the gm jean phillipe showed up and he was very caring of the night we had....thanks Gordon- ur pub and grill needs work at Caesar's though
5	We went here in our September 2012 trip. We had a reservation ( you likely will not get in without one) and still had to wait about 20 minutes for our table.  Not a big deal.We both got strong drinks, very well prepared.  The bread assortment was very  nice.  I had the Beef Wellington.  OMG, I am still dreaming of this dish!  It was perfect to the last bite.  My husband had the short ribs and he said they were very good as well.We wanted to try a dessert but didn't have room.  But we will next time we go in May. Don't pass this place by, you will regret it.
3	I was in Las Vegas a few weeks ago with my business partner and was meeting an associate of ours for dinner. Being a big fan of all of Gordon Ramsay's TV shows I thought it would be an amazing idea to take them and their wives to Gordon Ramsay Steak at the Paris Hotel. Based on the standard of excellence I see on his TV shows, I expected much more. At first, the service was good. Food was explained. Each cut of steak was displayed and we all decided on our meals. I ordered French Onion soup as my appetizer and i ordered Pork Belly as my meal. Two of us ordered the Waygu Rib Cap and the other two ordered Fillet. We shared the following sides: Baked Potato, Brussel Sprouts, Beet Salad, Foie Gras. The consensus was that the best thing we ate was the Loaded Baked Potato. The other sides were good as well. Steaks were OK, but overcooked.After we ordered we didn't get any service. Our waiter ignored us from that point forward. We were never asked how our food was. If so, we could have told them the meat was overcooked.Once we were done we sat with empty plates in front of us for at least 15 minutes. I know it's fine dining and it isn't supposes to be "Fast," but we had bussers and waiters walk by us many times without even asking if we wanted our table cleared. We weren't wanting to leave, but we didn't want empty plates in front of us either.I don't think I would go back. I would simply head over to the Delmonico Steakhouse in the Venetian where the service has been exceptional.
5	From the moment you approach this restaurant you're in for a treat.  Upon entering you are greeted by 7-10 20 something girls dressed in all black.  Then you enter the restaurant with a flawless totally Vegas decor.  I was in town on business and decided to treat myself since I'm a huge fan and have never dined at any of his establishments.  All I can say is it is worth every penny.  Be careful not to fill up on the bread because it is tempting.  I had the Bone-In Ribeye, Cajun Style cooked Medium Rare and I can honestly say it was in the top three steaks I have ever had.  It was seasoned and cooked to perfection.  The dessert was absolute heaven.  Do yourself a favor and order the Sticky Tofee pudding with brown butter Ice Cream.  This is the best dessert I have ever tasted.  The place plays music from all decades and all of them are classics, which just adds to the ambiance.  There is a reason this place will do 25 million in it's first year in business.  It's pricey, but you're in vegas, so go big or go home.
3	I've been reading reviews for years and now it's time to contribute. Food: 3Service: 3.5I really wanted to like this place being a tv foodie junkie and take these food competitions with a grain of salt since many are edited to be tv friendly. We had a 7;15 reservation knowing that we had to leave around 9pm for a 10pm show so we wanted to order mains and dessert. We got seated on time and ordered our food around 7:40. We ordered just our mains knowing that if we ordered starters, we would really be against the clock. While we see other folks around us getting food, we are wondering where our food is. Had we known our mains would take over 45 minutes, we would have ordered a starter. Our server gave us the excuse that a serving of beef wellington takes 45 minutes to cook which is a lie unless you want it well done. I had the 18oz NY strip which was cooked well, but lacked seasoning. The fact it is aged in Pat Lafreida's pink Himalayan salt locker means nothing to me if the chefs can't season appropriately. Aside from the server blowing smoke up our ass about the wellington taking so long, he was very nice. Sommollier service was good. Oh, and I originally made a reservation for 4 months in advance. When I knew I had to make a change down to 2 people, the folks at Caesars told me the only tables available were 5:45 and 9:15?!? Really? They couldn't just change the number of people? I just told them to keep my reservation for 4. (This has nothing to do with GR Steak, but more of a complaint with Caesars.)Would I go back? No. With as many steakhouses in Vegas, I will with go back to Craftsteak, or try another place.
1	The hubs and I spent a week in Vegas in October 2012.  With so many options in LV, we were looking forward to some amazing food and a great time.  For the most part we were not disappointed, until we went to Gordon Ramsay Steak on our last evening in town.We arrived at the restaurant 15 minutes prior to our 9pm reservation (which we had made 2 months in advance).  The hostess didn't bother to look up from her book when we checked in with her.  She rudely pointed out that we were early and that we'd be seated at our reservation time.  We proceeded to the bar where we had a few beers.  Our bartender was very warm and attentive (the only good part of the visit).  While at the bar we watched many couples/groups come in after us that were seated after a minimal wait.  At 9:30 I checked in with the hostess again.  She once again did not look up from her book and simply told me we'd be seated once our table was ready.  At 9:45 we had still not been seated (again, our reservation was for 9pm).  I can certainly understand a wait at a restaurant, but I didn't appreciate that everyone around us was being seated and we were not.  We asked the bartender to close our tab and we were prepared to leave.  However, she went and spoke to the hostess and all of a sudden our table was ready.  We contemplated leaving anyway, but decided to stay.  We were seated upstairs and, to my surprise, there were many empty tables.  Once seated it took our server another 20 minutes to show up.  Before placing our order my husband mentioned having a food allergy.  To be clear, he never asks for a plate to be modified, he simply asks if the dish he is ordering is safe for him to eat, so that otherwise he can order something else.  The server seemed extremely annoyed that he had to deal with this.At the end of the day my husband had a filet and i had the short ribs.  My husband was impressed with his meal, but my short ribs were very gristly.  Unfortunately though, it really wouldn't have mattered if the food had been mind-blowing.  Poor service is just unacceptable to me, especially at an expensive restaurant.  We just wanted to get out of there, so we finished our meals and left, no dessert.We had been so excited to eat at Gordon Ramsay Steak, I wish it had been different.  We were treated like we should have been grateful to eat there.  We will not be going back.  Too many great options in LV to put up with this nonsense.
5	We had a great time at GR Steak. The food was nothing short of amazing. We had the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu, and we loved every course - in my opinion the salmon beet salad was actually the best of the 4 - seriously, I know "beet salad" is usually nothing to write home about but there was more flavor-per-inch in this thing then I have ever tasted in my life.  The scallops with squid ink risotto, beef wellington, and scotch egg were all very good as well.The staff was extremely attentive and very friendly, one of them even wheeled over their hilarious meat trolly for a second go-around so I could get a picture with it. Honestly my only complaint would be that the price was a little outrageous. $200 a plate was what it worked out to for my group of four, but hey, you pretty much know that going in so I can't complain too much.
5	From the moment we walked in the doors to our departure the experience was amazing. The service is by far the best I have ever received and the food was exquisite. For anyone coming to the strip I highly recommend coming here.
5	This is the place for steak, if you like beef Wellington well then eat all you can while you are here because there is nothing juicier than the Wellington here. prices are over 45 on average so prepare your budget. the atmosphere is very nice and waitresses are smoking hot, you can't go wrong here.Update 3/20/13Got here again, tried porterhouse 16oz and it was fantastic. Extremely tender, done medium rare as I wanted it, and also got a side of mashed potato puree which complemented the steak perfectly. Our wine enthusiast picked out a bottle of 08 Embruix, Priorat which was fairly nice though a bit spicy for me. Distilled water comes in 9$ bottles, we didn't know that when we arrived so if you don't want to pay for water just ask for ice water (they only ask if you want distilled or sparkling). Hells kitchen tasting menu is also available for a limited time, its 145$ for 5 courses and an autographed photo of Ramsay and 75$ more for wine paring on this.
4	I love Gordon Ramsay, so when I made my first legal trip to Vegas, I had to try out his steakhouse in Paris hotel. I loved the decor and the staff there.. but of course I also loved the food.First off, I have to start with the restaurant experience. The staff was not only knowledgeable about the different cuts of steak offered, but they were also very friendly in terms of making conversation. They often checked up on my table, and overall, it was a wonderful experience, especially with their "steak cart," which showcases all cuts of steak.The food itself lived up to what I imagined. My boyfriend and I shared two appetizers: kurobuta pork belly, seared foie gras and a maine lobster. The pork belly and foie gras are all MUST HAVES, but the lobster, although delicious, can be found in other high-end restaurants. I had the beef wellington and in my opinion, it was cooked most tenderly with the pastry outside perfectly made. My boyfriend ordered the American skirt steak, which was unfortunately a little dry. Our stomachs couldn't make room for dessert but we did have a spoonful of their sticky toffee pudding and boy, it was heavenly! It's probably something that two people could share though because the table for two next to us couldn't finish theirs.Next time, I think I'm going to try the tasting menu because you also get to bring home a signed photograph of Ramsay!Psst - try their cocktails. Primm's Cup was fantastic.Oh - and a special shoutout to Charles Narak, the kindest, funniest and friendlist waiter I've ever met! Charles really added to the Gordon Ramsay dining experience.
5	After making reservations about a month in advance (probably overkill, but doesn't hurt), I kept thinking that I DID NOT want this place to disappoint. I watch A LOT of cooking tv, including Gordon Ramsey's shows. This would be my first experience at one of his restaurants.Our reservation was at 5:45 and we were seating immediately. The hostess made a couple stops on the way to our table to give us some background into the artwork that made up the restaurant. The place has a very modern feel to it. Although I sort of wanted to watch the cooks in action, I was happy to be seated in one of the balcony tables over looking the entire restaurant.Our server (Dennis, I think) did not miss a beat. He was friendly and talkative enough to be effective, but not so much as too interfere with our special evening. Actually the whole staff was great. From refolding our napkin when we got up to answering any questions we had, they were a great team.I did make a pitstop to the bathroom so I could catch a glimpse of Christine from Hell's Kitchen. She was there expediting...and apparently doing a great job. The food was exceptional!My girl got the beef wellington and I ordered the ribeye. Both were some of the best meals we had eaten. We also shared the fingerling potatoes. They were alright, just potatoes. In hindsight, I might have ordered the potato puree.For dessert we shared the S'mores cheesecake. It was presented beautifully and tasted even better.I HATE paying for water at a restaurant (2 bottles cost us 18 bucks), but I'm sure they would have provided tap if we asked.If you are in Vegas and looking for a great dining experience, give this place a try. You will not be disappointed.
1	Just a heads up, this review is not meant to come of snobby by any means.  I am not a food critic, but I've definitely been to a lot of steakhouses and I can say this is the worst one I have been too.First, I am not the type of person who gets hyped for main-stream celebrities so when I heard this place was opening up I rolled my eyes.  However when my friend came to town a big fan of all his shows I figured we'd go since I did hear some pretty good reviews.First and foremost making a reservation was a pain, I called a month in advance and they said the only times they had were 5:00 and 9:30.  I'm sorry, i know popular places fill up fast, but people are not that on top of reservations in November to plan ahead.  Finally after personally visiting the hostess stand 2-weeks prior, I was able to get it bumped to 6PM.  it looks like finally the place is on Opentable so maybe that will solve that problem.Upon arrival, the eye rolling began.  As we walked into the restaurant the hostess said "This tunnel you are walking through transports you from Paris to London".  Next we admired what I would describe as  a tangled neon sign in the sky as the hostess explained "This art represents the hand motions Chef Ramsey makes while preparing his signature beef wellington".  We were than seated maybe 4 feet apart from another table, I saw this consistency across the dining floor and it began to occur to me this was more like a "turn and burn" cafe than fine intimate dining.The waiter asked if we preferred sparkling or still water, when I said "still" he said nothing else and later brought a bottle of water to the table.  I assumed the red bottle was a decorative carafe, however I found out later on the check that it was an $8 of water.  I believe most places ask the follow-up after the water type with "Tap or Bottled" but this was not the case. One tacky thing I noticed on the menu is that each item lists two prices, the normal price and the "Total Rewards" price.  I think the difference was about a buck and item, so I'm not sure why they didn't just put something at the bottom saying "Total Rewards members receive X% off" but they didn't and it makes the menu look unprofessional. Some people may like this, but I thought it was a little pointless when they wheeled the all the cuts of meat out and went through what each one was.  I can see where this is great for beginners, but I don't think it fits a fine dining setting.  That being said it looked like many of the patrons thought it was acceptable to wear a baseball hat and jeans into the restaurant.  I'm not saying you always have to "suit up" but it's not like you're going to McDonalds on your lunch break.My friend and I decided on splitting the porterhouse steak.  I'll admit that several of the pieces I had were good, but I had about 3 pieces which were either really burnt and crunchy or a ton of fat.  The size also seemed like a rip-off, at $100 "for two" there really wasn't a lot, in fact I think the $50 Porterhouse at most places is bigger.For a side we got the $10 heirloom potatoes.  I'm not going to put much weight into knocking the size, as it's tiny at any fancy place you go.Maybe I went wrong and got the wrong steak and instead should have ordered the beef wellington.  Maybe my preconceived notions of it being a celebrity TV chef and all the touristy things the hostess explains put me in a bad mindset.  But overall I have no want to ever come back here again.
5	Imagine if your average Chunnel ride included service from GRS.  Picture a comfortable seat in an underground train.  It's a Saturday afternoon just before lunchtime.  The Eurostar is just beginning to move.  Things get noisy as acceleration increases and then it levels out.  Your trip is underway, under the sea and under the ground.From the galley, a steak cart is wheeled out toward your seat.  Eyes dart from newspapers to the nine(?) raw cuts of meat, each individually displayed on its own stand with tiny mirrors revealing the deep red and intricate marbling of each steak's obverse.  Instead of the steak, you choose a double pork chop.  Your neighbor asks, "What do you do with that meat on the cart at the end of the night?"  The waiter replies, "We throw it away."  Rule: Never get the display model of anything.Next is the surprise.  You didn't order any tasting breads, but they've arrived anyway courtesy of an African waiter named Muhammed.  There are four types.  These breads are succulent and daring.  You would grovel to them if breads were superior to humans on the food chain.  Muhammed asks if you would like more and you say yes and point out your favorite two.The appetizers are next, a raviolo and a chorizo-stuffed lobster tail.  Inside the raviolo is an egg, which proves that the chicken did not come before the egg.  1. Ravioli, 2. Egg, 3. Chicken.  This question is now settled for all future generations.By the time the pork chop's arrived, you've nearly begged Muhammed to bring you more bread.  The chop is thick and juicy and cooked medium.  A short, thin bone sticks out the rear, pointing at the person sitting across from you.  He didn't order the GRS with his Chunnel ticket and you can tell by his smug, nasty look that he is regretting it.  The chop is cooked like its brother the steak, charred on the outside and drizzled in a delicious dark sauce.  You remember that incredible, brined pork chop you had only a month ago that you thought was the apex of cooked pig.  You stand corrected.  It is okay to be wrong sometimes.When you arrive in France a few hours later, you are dead.  What?  Yes, you have been executed.  It turns out you are a criminal and that was your last meal.  As your soul descends or ascends to its final resting place, you seemed shocked-shocked, but satisfied.  As you say your goodbyes, Muhammed hands you one more piece of bread in what looks like a reenactment of the Creation of Adam.Goodbye cruel, delicious world.
5	Everything was amazing. We went back twice in one trip!Kobe filet- Perfect, best filet I've ever had.We tried 3 diffrent desserts- all awesome ( Carrot cake, Apple cake, Sticky toffee pudding).The kitchen is open and you can see Christina from last Hells Kitchen which is cool if you are an HK fan!
5	Like someone just slapped your tastebuds silly!I'm a huge fan of Hell's Kitchen, so when I heard one of the newest restaurants he was going to open was going to be in Vegas, I flipped! Finally, I would get to experience one of his restaurants! I've been dying to eat one of his beef wellingtons after watching 10 seasons worth of contestants make it!The hubby decided at the last second that we would drive to Vegas on Thanksgiving weekend, so getting a last second reservation was IMPOSSIBLE. Thank goodness for the bar area - first come, first serve! We came pretty early for dinner, so there were still a couple of tables open.When you walk into the restaurant, it's nothing like the Paris casino. So hip, modern and cool!It was so hard holding back from ordering practically everything on the menu, especially the appetizers! Lucky for us, the hubby and I went with our friend who used to work with the executive chef, Kevin Hee, at a previous job. So, he graciously sent our table extra appetizers!All of the appetizers we had were great! The hamachi crudo was amazing! I loved the Iberico ham gelee and the caviar and truffle were an extra nice touch! The fried oysters had great texture! Just enough batter to oyster. Loved how they presented the oysters in the original shell! The kurobuta pork belly was so tender and flavorful! The best appetizer of them all was the FOIE GRAS. *drool* I miss foie gras in California, so being able to eat this was a treat! So buttery and I loved the sweetness of the huckleberry with the salty foie. The hubby and I shared the beef wellington as our main dish. It was cooked just right! The filet mignon was super tender. I loved the pastry dough on the outside. Don't forget to soak up the red wine demi glace with it! Just be careful though, the combination of the sauce and pastry dough make the steak slide around when you're trying to cut it. We accompanied our steak with sauteed mushrooms and green been tempura. The mushrooms were good. The bonito flakes made it interesting. The green beans were nice because they were still really bright green and crispy even though they were fried. Great with the garlic aioli it came with!We were sooooooo full after all of this. I almost skipped dessert. But I took one look at the menu and I just couldn't resist...STICKY. TOFFEE. PUDDING.This dessert is miiiiind blowing! From the second it touches your tongue, it's like BAM! Sweet pudding cake smothered with brown butter toffee. OH. EM. GEE. And don't forget the brown butter ice cream! SO GOOD! You will instantly make room in your stomach for this heavenly treat. You MUST get this dessert no matter how full you are!!I had a great experience here! I would come back to just chow down on appetizers and that amaaaazing sticky toffee pudding!By the way, sign up for a Total Rewards membership. You'll get a discounted price on all their items (about $1 - $2 off per item). Totally worth it! Can't wait to go back!
5	it is all i envisioned it to be- great food, great service, friendly staff- what else can a foodie ask for.  lets break it down:- beef wellington - must have! great steak wth a hint of sweetness - big steak eater but i've never hadvthis before- kobe skirt steak - melts in ur mouth; so much better if u order medium rare- frien had it medium- seafood plate: fish was surprisingly super delicious, evrything else in d plate was tasty but nothing i havent had before- pork belly appetizer: i've had pork belly before, different but i would skip it if u've had this meat before- sauted mushrooms is definitely a must have! fingerling potatoes tatse like potatoes and loaded baked potatoes is humongous!!! better be hungry- love that it has chunks of bacon - YUM!,- HK antioxidant - soooooo good - gotta have itWish i had room in my tummy for dessert but i was in a food coma i cant do it- next time =)Saw Exec Chef Christina - very friendly and accomodating- took pictures with her and as busy as she was took the time to be entertaining- love, love the attitude! congratualtions!!!Asst Mgr Mike was so awesome - made us feel very welcome - cant say the same for our older waiter who felt like he was just in my face selling me their food - i watch Hells Kitchnen for heaven's sake! i kowwhat i came there for- told him i was a fan -he's nice tho and he's jst doing his job so i cant hate on d guy.  next ime in vegas - i HAVE to come back!!! hoping GoRdon Ramsey himself would b there - wishful thnking! = ))
4	We've always been fans of Gordon Ramsay - and his talent showed best through the food. We started with the ravolio, had the beef wellington for 2 and a side of the mac and cheese. (We also had 2 beers) It was wonderful! Best meal of the week! It was everything I was hoping for in having the famous beef wellington! It was cooked perfectly! The environment was energetic and well themed/styled to what I would think Ramsay's taste to be. Next trip to LV I hope to visit his other restaurants too.However, and take the following with a grain of salt because it is LasVegas, but the showmanship of the hostess and servers was too over the top. As the host walked in groups of customers she stopped and pointed out that the neons above mimiced Gordon's hands as he was working the pass. Cool fact, if it's even true, but odd that she would stop them right in the middle of a congested area to point this out? Our server was a bit full of himself/over confident. He presented us with a special Hell's Kitchen menu (which features items like risotto that you can't get on the regular menu and is over priced compared to the regular menu), walked away and took FOREVER to bring back a regular menu when we had clearly closed the specialty menu and was looking for a regular menu. He gave us the option of sparkling or still water - no tap (I know, I know ... Yuck TAP!) So right off the bat we felt like he was only presenting us with the expensive options. I get up selling - but again, he did this in a very arrogant manner. I felt like he was eyeing us like an easy target.Also plan on spending at least 2 hours there. It seemed like there are soooo many touch bases (being greeted by the host, given the host speech, being sat, being greeted by your server, their whole intro speech, the different menus, the meat trolly, ordering, paying, etc.) It seemed like there was 10 min between each touch base! I understand it is meant to be an experience, but both couples around us - and us included had somewhere to be after.
4	DATE/TIME: March 24, 2013 // 10:15pmPRICE: $50-$100/personVALUE:  The prices are pretty typical of a higher end steakhouse.AMBIANCE: Lots of reds, blacks, and grays. As mentioned by many other Yelpers, you enter through a "tube" (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=6uhas67fyLO3rEi1f1VMNw&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg) that "transports you from Paris to London." Sounded kitschy to me at first but is actually more tastefully done than I initially expected. The dining area itself is a huge two-story dining room with large red neon artwork (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=XbS7ww57AwhWY9VhmdPCsw&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg) at the center of the ceiling, which the hostess pointed out as she seated us. It is an artist's interpretation of Gordon Ramsay's hand movements while making his signature dish: the Beef Wellington of Hell's Kitchen fame. Ambient lights are attached to a wire that runs across the walls. Music is a bit on the louder side, definitely not the typical stuffy place designed for hushed tones and mousey eating.SERVICE: Our server checked up on us frequently and filled up our waters often, but rightfully seemed a bit like she was anxious to go home by the end of the night. (We were one of the last people to leave)CHANCE OF RETURNING: 60%___________________________________[ ACTUAL RATING: 3.5* ]This place, like so many of Gordon Ramsay's newer restaurants since I last went to Maze in New York, is clearly catered towards his Hell's Kitchen fan base. They even have a "Hell's Kitchen Tasting Menu." Seriously. Kudos to the growing empire for capitalizing on the media-inspired fame as well as they have.The meal was definitely good - not quite mind blowing (don't expect something comparable to a Michelin-starred restaurant) but definitely a decent steakhouse. If there weren't so many places still on my list of destinations in Vegas, my chances of returning might be closer to 70%.The wine and cocktail menu is available on an iPad, like that at Charlie Palmer's Aureole.Unfortunately, by the end of our meal we had no space at all for dessert. I might be back sometime before the end of this trip to try the STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING at the bar, which consists of a sweet pudding cake, brown sugar toffee, and brown butter ice cream.TIP: If you don't already have a Total Rewards card, get one. It only shaves $1-$3 per dish but that's money you can allocate towards a higher gratuity for your hard-working servers! ;-)___________________________________:::: [ THE FOOD ] ::::* BREAD TRAYhttp://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=Pvi2lZcSgkHc0gEiaEpw7w&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg              - [4/5 - We were served with 6 kinds of room temperature bread including a pancetta brioche, black truffle brioche, and blue cheese and walnut bread. On the side was a somewhat cold imported butter. My favorite hands down was the black truffle brioche, though the blue cheese and walnut bread was also pretty good. I couldn't really taste the pancetta in the pancetta brioche, which I was actually most excited about when the tray arrived at our table.]* SEARED FOIE GRAS - $25 http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=QytfTD2Hpp1yWcvuV30xiQ&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg              - [3.75/5 - Perfectly seared creamy foie gras, delicious huckleberry, and marcona almonds. This is nowhere near the top 10 foie gras dishes I've tried, but that's coming from someone who actively seeks both Michelin-starred as well as regular mid-range restaurants who fellow Yelpers claim serve great foie gras. Be sure to use every drop of the sauce on the plate or you will find your foie gras disappointingly bland.]* ROASTED BEEF WELLINGTON FOR 2 - $100http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=7sjGYKbej_1IkprjvGR1Sw&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg              - [3.75/5 - Served with a red wine demi glace, potato puree, and glazed root vegetables. The pastry portion of the beef wellington seems to be where all of the sodium is allocated, so be sure to portion your bites of meat with enough of it or you won't have even distribution of seasoning. The glazed root vegetables seems like an afterthought. Coming from someone who loves purees and generally soft, creamy, foods - the potato puree is a bit more liquefied than I'm used to - it could've been slightly richer and just a tiiiiiiiiny bit better seasoned. While I prefer to include a bit of each ingredient on the plate with each bite, I also like to start my meal by trying everything on it's own and am especially pleased when every element manages to "carry their own weight."]* MAC & CHEESE - $13http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=MjlAOhIvQrSWmo0YRi7dPw&userid=BwFEjsr9yLqdszAmAxFYQg              - [3/5 - A combination of blue, cheddar, and parmesan cheese with truffle. Mediocre mac & cheese. Not that well-flavored.]
5	This place was well worth it. I've been meaning to eat here for a while now since it opened and my fiance and I finally made reservations. The weird part is they only have reservations for 5 and 9pm. The food is amazing. I ordered the signature beef wellington and it was delicious. I will definitely be making a trip out here again. We also got to take a picture with the executive chef christina. I had a great time and enjoyed everything.
4	After three years of yelping, checking in, and adding photos, I've finally decided to write a review :)I'll be honest, when it comes to dining at restaurants owned by celebrity TV chefs I get a bit more critical and picky of the food. So when my boyfriend surprised me with dinner here I was skeptical about the quality of the food and for the first half of our time there, I was right to expect disappointment.AMBIANCE:Definitely very vibrant. You'd think you just walked into a hip, ultra modern bar and not your typical steakhouse. Plus, the twisted neon light sculpture on the ceiling (an artistic rendition of Ramsay's hand movements) is a great eye catcher.DRINKS:Ordered our cocktails off an iPad (techy place, but not something I'd deem as necessary). I ordered the English Garden and the bf ordered a Sidecar. Both were delicious, both had that kick I was looking for in a cocktail as well as the refreshing "tastebud enticer" I needed to really pique my appetite.The pre-meal bread they give out is delicious.  Not enough to fill your stomach, but enough to leave you wanting more.  The lemon thyme focaccia and brioche (fig and pancetta) were my faves, but I always seem to judge a steakhouse by their butter (don't judge)...and that said butter came with Hawaiian black sea salt. YUM.APPETIZERS:Biggest disappointment ever.  We ordered the Herbed Ricotta Ravioli and the Shrimp Cocktail.  The ravioli was a lovely medley of flavors, but definitely not worth the price...presentation was not too impressive either.  The shrimp cocktail was a deconstructed version and I wish they hadn't because shrimp cocktail really is at its best in its natural state.  Plus, it was extremely salty...I had quite a few sips of water/cocktail throughout the duration of my ONE shrimp.  If our meal had ended here, this place would've gotten 3 stars, but the actual meal and dessert really saved this place from my never-again-list.THE MUST HAVES:#1. Beef Wellington. (Sure, you have to wait a good hour for it, but it's worth the wait...and if you're coming here to try the Beef Wellington, you should already know it takes about an hour...so don't complain!) It's the most heavenly filet I have ever tasted...all wrapped up in a delightfully flaky pastry dough (other reviews have said the dough quickly becomes soggy, but my bf and I wolfed ours down before that even became a possibility). You've heard of excellent sashimi melting in your mouth, but steak? Yes, this one MELTS in your mouth.#2. Tempura haricot vert. Who would've thought these could be so delicious? And with the aioli? Double yum! Perfectly fried, not dripping with oil, crispy thin tempura layer. Just the way I like it.DESSERT:#1. Sticky toffee pudding. At the table next to ours I heard the man complain about how delicious this dessert was, but way too sweet. I have absolutely no concept of too sweet and we ordered this scrumptious dessert in the blink of an eye. The sweet pudding cake paired with the brown butter ice cream is a match made in heaven. To die for! And a nice way to ease you into a pleasant food coma ;)Overall rating, 4.5 (but since I can't do half stars a 4 on yelp).  Before the Wellington and dessert, this place would've been a 3...service wasn't exactly up to my standards and appetizers were a big no no.  The steak and dessert really saved the day here!Still dreaming about my next Vegas visit so I can pop in for some Beef Wellington! YUM!
5	Great place! Putting everything aside -HK, tv personality, celebrity chef, ridiculous tunnel to London, neon lights-  food was pretty good. Definitely up to par with renown restaurants in Vegas. I went with my wife and decided to split every portion in two. Presentation was flawless.  Ordered beet salad, Kobe sliders, and the infamous beef Wellington with a side of garlic mushrooms. A pleasant surprise was the beet salad. so simple and yet flavorful, that it was borderline genius. I am tempted to say it was the best part of dinner. Kobe sliders were very nice, nothing mind-blowing. Beef Wellington was great and after all the hype it didn't disappoint. As others yelpers have mentioned, assorted bread was very tasty and nicely selected.  Overall, great experience and food. Being a vegas local, I would definitely return.
4	Of course the beef wellington was amazing... it goes without saying. The service was pretty good and attentive. The food is very expensive of course and there are far better places to eat in Las Vegas for the prices they are charging in here. I guess thats to be expected though after all Gordon Ramsay is a Super Star ... LOL
4	This place is amazing! The food tasted great, and was cooked perfectly! It does take a while to get receive your food but when you have people to talk to the wait is okay. The food can be pretty expensive depending on what you order, and how many people you are dining with. The atmosphere is amazing, and it makes it feel warm and inviting. The music can get pretty loud too so it is hard to talk to other people at your table. Overall I thought this place was amazing!
5	We stayed at The Paris on our most recent vacation.  All week we bopped around Vegas trying different places to eat.  On our last night, we were tired of bopping and shoving with the crowds and thought it best to stick close to "home."  Part of our decision included a ride to the top of the Eiffel Tower after dinner.  We decided at the very last minute to eat at Gorden Ramsey's.  We had read other reviews about people waiting weeks in advance to get a reservations so were knew what to expect when we got there.  Weren't we lucky that they did barely just have room enough for the two of us at the bar to eat (menu is the same as at a table) without a wait on a Friday night.  Luck-ee.  All of the bartenders were friendly and went out of their way to serve and make casual conversation while we were at the bar.  My husband ordered a martini and was quite impressed when he was asked if he wanted it shaken or stirred.  We both had the small petites which were cooked to perfection and were very good tasting. We also ordered a side dish of the purree Yukon Gold potatoes which were very nicely done. The presentation was outstanding and we'd gladly drive back here (five hours by car)  just to eat here again.  Yes, we thought it was THAT good.  I especially enjoyed seeing how classy and sexy all the ladies were outfitted in their sparkly sequined uniforms.  Even the gentlemen (managers?) were in suits with ties. I thought that also was a real nice touch.  The alternative style background music (which I don't normally enjoy) seemed to only add to the ambiance. Some of the nicer restaurants we eat at at home have gotten away from some of these extra touches. Overall, this was a wonderful evening and we can thank Gorden Ramsey's Steak Restaurant for this experience.  Bravo, Gorden keep up the great job!!!!
5	Incredible experience from arrival to departure!  My husband and I go to Vegas a couple times a year and love to try new places to dine.  We do one splurge meal a trip.  We both agreed this was our favorite spot all time over the last 10 years....we've been to a number of great places like Prime at Bellagio, Delmonico and Aquaknox at Venetian but this was a terrific experience.We started with a bottle of wine ordered from ipad and the sommelier was very helpful picking our choice.  I had the steak tartare and I am still craving that again, was really the best I've ever tried outside of France.  We both loved the Beef Wellington but honestly I would have been fine to split it, was alot of food!  Try to find space for the sticky toffee dessert.  And the coffee came with flavors melted on spoon, very creative and tasty.We were seated in a very nice table facing the kitchen which we really enjoyed, and the service from our waiter Charles was impeccable.  I will be booking this restaurant the moment I make flight plans for our next trip to Vegas.
5	Dennis was our server and he was awesome.  I was with my son.  We went to see Jersey Boy's and then just walked across the casino to Steak.  It is a fun atmosphere and everyone that works there is very professional.  Dennis was excellent at answering any questions we had and helped make our first visit very comfortable and delicious.
4	Awesome outfits. White collars blue shirts, burgundy ties and suspenders. Cufflinks. Elbow cuffs. Great team look, while still allowing for some individual personality.  Ultra professional.  Score.I am yet to understand how restaurants these days put so much attention to all of their liquid offerings, but completely skip beer. Not just with the diners pleasure in mind, but also in the purse of the restaurant owner.  We're both losers.  Blue Moon, Pacifico, and Newcastle for drafts? Yikes. Why do I want a top notch craft aged/butchered steak, paired with bargain basement produced for the masses beer?  Epic failure.The restaurant was busy, and actually admiditaly got caught off guard by a very large party.  There was an exceptional wait for the dinner that I had ordered.  They did however keep me well lubricated.  They ended up comping me for 2 glasses of wine.  $28 each.  Very nice gesture.Caesar salad. Disassembled full length leaves of romaine. Oddly they looked completely un-dressed, but somehow they were.  Even though taste was good, major failure in that I had to cut my salad with a knife.  I am ok with that if it's a wedge salad, as it is quite manageable.  Loose full length leaves of romaine aren't quite as agreeable.  Especially after a pre-order cocktail, and a couple of glasses of wine.Big standout from the bread tray - fig/bacon mini cinnamon roll looking thing. Amazing.Steak was everything you would expect from a restaurant of this caliber.  Cooked and presented to perfection.  Absolutely delicious.
5	Really cool entrance (tunnel from Paris to England) and was highly impressed with the IPad placed at our table to view the drink menu. Found a new steak option, the Kobe Skirt Steak. Thin enough for me to have it cooked Med-Well. The mac and cheese and brussel sprouts were amazing. They are doing a fine job for fine dining, they should give this man a TV show
5	I've died and gone to heaven, which apparently comes in the form of Gordon Ramsay Steak.  From the minute we checked in to the minute we exited the Chunnel, my friends and I were treated like royalty.  This is, by far, one of the best dining experiences I've had. And the man who made it an even better experience was our server, Dennis.  We started off with drinks and had a question regarding Pimms Cup.  We were not familiar with the alcohol, so we asked Dennis who proceeded to give us a brief history of the origin of the liquor.  We were blown away!  The drink by the way, was delicious. Sweet, bubbly, and very refreshing. Next came the bread.  Yes folks, I am about to swoon over the bread.  The prosciutto and fig bread left a smokey flavor in my mouth that I almost did not want to eat anything else in order to savor the flavor.  I said almost.  But then I put a little bit of butter with the black, volcanic, himalayan sea salt over the stilton bread which left me with my own salty volcanic explosion on my tongue.  Amazing!It was time to order and Dennis was very patient with us.  He was honest and helpful about what to order and gave great descriptions about the food.  For an appetizer we decided to go with the kobe sliders and the chorizo stuffed lobster.  Both which were very satisfying.  The beef was juicy and seasoned well.  The lobster had a bisque over the top that, if I could, I would pour myself a bath of it and eat my way out.  Then came our main course.  As a Hells Kitchen fan, I had to try the beef wellington.  That was a no brainer.  Between the table, we also had the roasted chicken and filet.  For the sides we had the carrots and the mac and cheese.  Did the beef wellington live up to the hype?  Why yes friends, it did.  Dennis recommended medium rare which I was a little leery about because I usually prefer medium.  But he had not steered me wrong yet so I had to do it.  And he was right.  The wellington came out beautifully with a perfect crusty, flaky puff pastry and melt in your mouth beef.  My mouth was overwhelmed with flavor.  I also sampled my friends dishes and the chicken was moist, the carrots left a hint of heat in my mouth, and the mac and cheese.... Oh, that mac and cheese.  The perfect blend of cheeses.  Salty, creamy, with a little bit of a crunch over the top.  One of the best I've ever had.  Completely stuffed from my meal, I still had to save room for desert.  I've heard so much about the sticky toffy pudding that I knew I had to try it.  Dennis agreed.  He told us about this award winning sticky toffy pudding and we knew we couldn't leave without it.  We also ordered the carrot cake to sample the menu a little more.  The carrot cake was delicious and I do not want to undersell it because that alone would have been a great end to the meal.  But the sticky toffy pudding brings a tear to my eye just thinking about it.  The presentation was creative with the brown butter ice cream in the form of a stick of butter and a small butter knife in it.  Then there was the mouth watering sauce over the top of the warm, fluffy pudding.  I took a bite with each component and I literally sighed and melted into my seat.  Best. Dish. Ever.  I would make the 5 hour drive every week to Vegas to get just one bite of this sticky toffy pudding.  If you go to Gordon Ramsay Steak and can only get one thing, GET THE STICKY TOFFY PUDDING! I've been to many fine dining restaurants before and this one is definitely at the top of the list.  Thank you Dennis, for making it a fun and inviting experience.  The next time I am in Vegas, I will visit Gordon Ramsay Steak again.  Here's hoping Mr. Ramsay will venture out to Phoenix and leave behind one of his awe inspiring restaurants.
4	More like 4.5 stars.  Didn't want to come here but the woman wanted steak.  I find Gordon annoying from his cable shows.  Asked for a suggestion and the waiter mentioned the ribeye cap.  The steak was EXCELLENT.  The best I've had and I've tried a lot of different steakhouses.  Definitely would recommend.  Interesting uniforms.  Excellent service.
5	WOW! Smoked steak tartar, filet, service, the whole thing - spectacular.
5	Worth EVERY SINGLE PENNY YOU SPEND!Arriving at Paris Hotel, there is not a clear sign that points which direction you are suppose to walk in....I laughed when it was pointed out where the restaurant was...there is a HUGE sign that clearly states his restaurant (still, it should be included on the street signs in Paris that points you in the right direction).Hostess stand---hmm...not sure how i feel about the hostess stand and the initial greeting....sometimes i expect to much.....Went to bar while waiting---you MUST try the HK Antioxidant...YUMMO! Greeted instantly by the bartenders...drinks were FAST, and they even gave us the bar menu in case we were hungry while waiting.  Bar atmosphere is GREAT....Lots of mixed crowd..good energy.The hostess then found us and took us to our seats (credit to be given, she did offer to carry my drink!--good job honey!)....we stopped and she pointed out the light fixture above everyone that is Gordon's hand movements when he prepares his most well known dish, beef wellington.  Gordon--that is SUPER cool! Very impressed and great conversation piece! Oh, and the hostess did wish my boyfriend and I a "happy anniversary"....thank you again!Now our FANTASTIC night began because our server, Dennis, introduced himself! LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE HIM!!!!!  When is comes to service, I expect HIGH QUALITY SERVICE AND TO KNOW THE ENDS AND OUT OF THE MENU, WINE LIST, AND RESTAURANT HISTORY!!! Dennis surpassed ALL of my expectations! ASK FOR DENNIS WHEN YOU ARRIVE!!! YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!!He was so attentive, but not annoying about it! We asked for suggestions, he gave them, and they were right on!  The beef tartar is yummy, and my boy loved the foie gras....Fish and chips were yummy(but we did expect more of the pub style...really the fish tail still on....uhhh), BEEF WELLINGTON FANTASTIC, mac and cheese AMAZING...LOADED BAKED POTATO AMAZING!! So much amazing food!!!! Did I mention the bread they start you with..PANCETTA bread.....IM IN HEAVEN!!!!! All dishes had an amazing presentation.....Next time, Im going for the beef...they have a meat cart that shows you the selections on the menu...oh yea baby, going for the porterhouse RARE!  I love that you have a meat cart!!!No room for dessert...which was a shame, but I was barely going to be able to waddle to the cab........I LOVE this restaurant....I go to Vegas a few times a year, and I will ALWAYS stop at Gordon Ramsay Steak.  I LOVE Dennis....I will ALWAYS ask for Dennis!!!! This is the guy you want on your team! I LOVE THE FOOD!!!! Thank you for a great experience! Like I said earlier, WORTH EVERY SINGLE PENNY!
3	I wanted to eat at all three Ramsay restaurants in Las Vegas.  I have not been to Burgr yet but had a great time at the Pub and Grill.  Steak was on my mind and Paris seemed to be a nice backdrop for this place.Location wise, this venue is shoved in a small nonassuming corner of the Paris casino floor.  Inside reminds me of a weird red hued disco, with a loud music rockbar feel.  Not quite what I expect of a great steak house.  I understand that it is Vegas, and don't expect super formality, but it just didn't feel right.I sat at the bar and the staff was friendly and conversational.  The food itself was expectedly amazing....go Ramsay standards!  Probably one of the top five best steaks I have ever eaten.  Bone marrow delicious, baked potato nicely done, bread assortment interesting.  Drinks: the Vesper...nicely done.I should give this place four stars, but in comparison of atmosphere, I would go back to the Pub and Grill.  Its almost as if they should swap venues.DT.
5	Bone in Ny was unreal. Our server james was outstanding.
5	This was definitely the best steak we have had.  With a party of four, we ordered the Porterhouse for two; ribeye; and the Beef Wellington.  The Wellington was mine; I have always loved it and never see it on any menu.  We chose to dine here because of the Beef Wellington.  The roasted root vegetables were outstanding and left me wanting more.  We ordered mac and cheese for the table and it was okay, not the best.  The cheese was too mild and lacked flavor or seasoning.  We also had carrots and it felt like someone forgot that they had added the cayenne pepper twice.  It was way over-spiced and almost inedible.  But the bread was amazing and the other steaks were perfectly done.  Unusual.  And the best was last -- there is no better dessert than the Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter Ice Cream.  Never have I had such a fine ice cream.  Perfect in its rich smoothness.  Our service was excellent.  Richard and Derrick were attentive and personable.  We really felt like VIP guests.  Kudos on outstanding team from the" Master Chef" was there and we were told no by the Hell's Kitchen winner we were hoping to see -- Christina!  I just wanted to shake her hand, but I am sure the term Master Chef(a different competition) threw her off and she thought we were looking for Gordon Ramsay.  At the time, I thought she was just blowing us off.. Still an awesome experience.
5	We flew to Vegas mainly for this restaurant! All I can say is I have been to A LOT of restaurants from 5 star, celebrity to local favorite and this restaurant by way was the best I have ever been too. The prices are expensive, but portions are perfect and the prices are similar to Mortons or Ruth Chris steak. There was 4 of us I had the beef wellington (3 yrs of waiting for it) and was in LOVE! The carrots side dish OH MY delicious! The other 3 had filet each one could be cut with a butter knife and perfect temp on all. We had the strawberry and cilantro dessert OMGOSH so light and yummy! The SERVICE was a 10. If you dropped your napkin 10 seconds and a waitstaff would be on top of you getting it for you. Same for drinks if it was 3 quarters gone and they already had  another one coming to you. Decor was perfect. JUST AMAZING, so impressed and love Gordon even more. I even got some info from the staff and they all had good genuine comments about the restaurant and the managment/owner.
1	First time at gordan Ramsey's steak here in Vegas, was impressed with the overall look and design and atmosphere of the place but the quality of service and attentiveness was below what I would've expected from a restaurant of this caliber and notoriety. Had to seat myself down by the bar and wait nearly 15 minutes before any of the wait staff even came to me. Them had to wait another 15 minutes for my drink order. I realize it was busy when I arrived but still feel it was a bit too long for my drink. Only got checked on about twice during my entire 2 hours I stayed and felt the staff were paying more attention to the other guests. It's such a shame since I'm a big regular at Ramsey's other restaurants as a huge fan of his but I'm afraid I may not ever come back here again or recommend to my friends family and business associates.
5	I decided that I'd take myself out to one upscale restaurant during my stay in Las Vegas, and after some careful research landed on Gordon Ramsay Steak. I think I made a great decision.The restaurant itself was full, so I was sat in the bar, where they serve the full menu. As a solo diner, I think this was actually a better place to be: the atmosphere was lively and friendly. My server was attentive and helpful.I started with a Vesper, the classic James Bond Martini, which was well-balanced and one of the better-mixed cocktails I've ever had. A selection of breads followed, which were all delicious, even if some fell into the all-too-American trap of being too sweet. They were accompanied by "Devonshire butter", which made me chuckle, but it was undeniably a delicious way to begin. These were signals: I knew I was in for a treat.My appetizer made me cry. Sounds pretentious, I know, but I actually shed a tear. It'd been a very hard year, and this moment of luxury was a catalyst to begin letting go: a single raviolo, filled with ricotta and jamon, and an egg, such that when I cut into it the egg burst and mixed with the ingredients to make a fine sauce. Brown butter, watercress and edible flowers all added delicate notes to the flavor. It was more than the sum of its parts, and I couldn't begin to understand how it had been put together. A surprisingly emotional piece of pasta.The steak was ... steak: a high quality piece of meat, perfectly cooked. I followed the advice of reviews I'd read and didn't bother with the sauces, because I knew the meat would stand on its own. (I'd hazard to guess that, had I chosen a sauce, it might have made me cry all over again.) I lingered over it. At some point, I swapped my Vesper for a Drifter, mixed with their own proprietary whisky, which added its own complementary note.And then, sticky toffee pudding. I grew up in Britain, and have had my fair share of these - but this eclipsed them all. The ice cream (more brown butter) perfectly offset the sauce and the pudding, while the pudding itself wasn't cloying or stodgy. This is a miracle for a British pudding.I didn't want it to end. When it did, and I stumbled through the neon tunnel back into the smoky reality of Paris, Las Vegas, nothing quite seemed the same.
5	Best piece of meat I've ever tasted.
5	By far the best meal I've had to date. I will definitely be back for more!My party had the Tasting Menu - I highly recommend as you get a signed photo from Ramsay himself! The portions were a bit smaller, but with 5 courses and the most delicious little breads, we left full and happy! Finally got to have Beef Wellington!The service is absolutely wonderful! Dennis was awesome, and even sang to another guest celebrating a birthday - and I'm talking Broadway singing. There were several waiters attending to us throughout the night. Amazing decor and ambiance - the main dining room is 2 storeys and modern. On the second level, there is a smaller dining area that reminded me more of an older English pub, that accommodated some of the larger groups.It is pricey but worth it - they even bring out the cuts of meat on a cart, you select your drinks using an iPad. Thank-you so much for a fantastic meal and memorable evening!
5	I have been to a lot of restaurants here in Vegas, but Ramsay's steakhouse is by far the best meal I have ever had!
1	Had I read Cameron's review on here before I made this reservation, I might have saved my money and spent it on a better experience.  Cameron's review is so completely spot-on to what we went through, it is sad.We arrived about ten minutes ahead of our reservation and checked-in.  They asked if we wanted to be seated, so we thought, "why not" because we had a show in about two hours and figured better safe than sorry.  Apparently "being seated" means just that because literally no one came over for the next ten minutes - no menu, no water, just sitting there like assholes.  And, although the walk to the table was all of maybe 50 feet, we apparently looked like we might get lost or fall because not one, but two hookers, I mean hostesses, had to accompany us and give us the speech about the "journey" and the art installation.  I am all for having the ladies look nice, but v point hems directing you to their hoo ha and barely covering their rear is not classy.We finally got the drink i-pad and saw you could "select" your choices on there - because you might "forget" between the huge gap in time between when you get it and when the waiter actually comes back to take the order.  And we also were not told that the still water was bottled and for a fee, not that we cared about the cost, but it is tacky not to inform the customer.The bread selections are pretentious as well - lemony focaccia and the like.  All were super dry and I would have been happier with simple rolls or bread.The biggest laugh was with the roll out of the meat cart.  For a man who criticizes every restaurant he "saves" on television for their "gimmicks", he sure has plenty of his own.  Believe me, if you are eating at a place like this and don't know your meat already, looking at it raw is not going to mean anything to you.We ordered (half dozen oysters, lamb duet, haricot vert, carrots, bone marrow, pork belly, prime filet) and then I spilled my drink because the cocktail glasses are so large around that you cannot possibly get a good grip.  NO ONE CAME OVER!!  I guess you have to actually break the glass (like someone next to us) before someone will do something.  I cleaned up the spill with the husband's napkin, placing ice on my bread plate and that sat there until the final moments of the meal and we had to ask for another napkin.  We also had to continually ask for more bottles of water and to get the drink i-pad back to order something else.  Seriously?  Are you not out to make money?  Was our $300 meal not enough for you?  Did we do something to offen the ghost of Gordon (who apparently only comes in once every two months or so and was "busy" at MGM Grand that night - hopefully learning a thing or two about good service and food at Craftsteak)The meal itself was split - husband said the green salsa on his marrow was bad, they should have just put sea salt on it.  He did like the filet.  My lamb was overcooked, tough and plain awful.  The shepherd's pie was also way too salty and other than that had no taste.  The oysters were the balndest things I have ever had, even with the "champagne mignette" or cocktail sauce added.  Carrots hd a curry added to them and the green beans were literally the best part of my meal - how sad.When we got the dessert menu, I almost laughed aloud.  The selections on there reminded me of things you expect out of a cheap chain with carrot cake and I am not kidding here - banoffee pie.  I told the husband not to waste more of his money on this poor excuse for a dessert selection and we attempted to get the check.  The server - who had been MIA for a LONG time at this point, was "SHOCKED" that we didn't order anything, not even coffee - which I know because he shared this with the assistant server literally two steps away from our table.  I was willing him to ask me about it so I could lay into him.We also had the lovely experience of seeing the floor manager "radio" to the front about our table (I know we were 42 because it was on the check) saying "five minutes on 42" - when we were not even done with our drinks and had just paid the check two second before.  Gee, it was before 8 and we had a 6:15 reservation, I am sorry if we are taking up your space.Don't waste your time or money on this garbage.  I will never be able to watch his shows again and the husband, who was a true fan, was totally disappointed in what was supposed to be the highlight of our trip.
5	THis was hands down one of the best meals of my life. I had the steak tartar and oyster as an appetizer the wellington as a main course, the fried green beans as a side and the sticky toffee pudding as dessert. It was all exquisite and I will definitely be back. The one thing which I found tacky was that as we were leaving our server (Chris) asked me if I write yelp reviews and if I would be willing to give them a positive one. I found his service to be average at best and odd that such a high end place would ask that.
3	The food was excellent --- especially the dessert: The Sticky Toffee Pudding! The customer service was awesome --- lots of servers to our table but couldn't understand our main waiter! The price for the three of us was a little over $400.00. BUT...sorry, Chef Ramsay, your server spoke in a strong foreign accent (It wasn't the Queen's English or Spanish)  and spoke way too fast for us to understand all the different cuts (about 12) of steak on your incredible silver steak stand that was rolled to our table. Ready --- we all ordered fish. Additionally, the music was way too loud for us to hear not only ourselves trying to talk to one another but more importantly the waiter explain the steak or anything about the food, service or place to us. So, we just chose from the menu ourselves. Would we go there again? --- maybe --- with those suggested improvements.
5	Great atmosphere and the steak is absolutely fabulous! Melts in the mouth!
2	We came here at the end of our Vegas trip for a nice meal to close. Again, this is prior to before I turned vegetarian. The first thing I will say -- there are many better options for places to eat in Vegas for a lot less money so please consider before you come here. Once you are in, they will try to milk you for every penny. With that said, the steak I had was pretty good. I actually don't remember the cut, but it was an unusual cut of Kobe. The side of mac n' cheese was good. Unfortunately the price of the meal just made everything taste a bit worse. You can tell that everything they do is an excuse to charge higher prices. They are overstaffed with attractive women who do nothing at the front, and the waiter brings over this weird steak board and gives a sermon about the history of each type of steak. They also try hard to be a really high end place but fail. We had an "assistant waiter" who brought us the wrong food twice. I really hope that guy wasn't an intern hoping to get a full time offer, because I wouldn't give it to him! I also think the place is a bit over the top and touristy, but hey it is Vegas.
5	WHERE'S THE DAMN WELLINGTON?!?!?!This is a question I ask myself on a regular basis because Beef Wellington is simply my favorite dish on.earth. Additionally it is also IMPOSSIBLE to find at a restaurant unless you do a search online for it before heading out - not every steakhouse or UK pub is going to have this delightful staple. So, as many Vegas stories go...I had no idea I would be eating here last Friday night, come again I also had no idea I would be in Vegas last Friday night, and I sure as hell had no idea that this decision would come 15 minutes into getting home from the office on a Friday. Ah, America...we go off impulse like it's going out of style. Anyway, I was in town for 1 night (things get pretty expensive otherwise) and had this place on my 'to try' list for over a year...I say a year because every time I go to Vegas I get someone who cries broke and doesn't want to get a great meal or even worse, drags me to a buffet (gross). I showed up solo while waiting on friends to arrive in town and dined at the bar by myself, I of course had to get the wellington and the very nice (and quite stunning) girl behind the bar informed me that it would take roughly 45 minutes.I can see where this may be a problem for some but I had nothing but time and wasn't super super hungry anyway so this didn't bother me one bit. In my time I enjoyed a couple of cocktails, picked away at an assortment of delicious bread and had good conversation with other patrons/staff. When my Wellington arrived I was impressed, the plating looked very precise and symmetrical..the only thing I did not really care for was the vegetable portion of the dish - not because of the flavor - trust me they were tangy, crunchy and awesome, but because there was literally 4 cubes the size of a Pico di Gallo cut that were included - it literally shouldn't have even been there or - otherwise mentioned if I could fit the entire contents on half a fork full. The wellington had a great flavor, very robust flavoring and an assortment of buttery textures that I found to be extremely pleasing. Oh, the potatoes were OK too, but this was a dish that was all about the entree. Would I come here again? In a heartbeat - for the Wellington though, I would kick myself if I didn't order it every time I saw it on the menu next to other entrees. Bill for 1 was around 120 with tip - booze included.
4	They sure try their damnedest to impress the hell out of you. The ambiance is hip and trendy, the experience is amazing. Yes, some of it is a bit over the top, but isn't that the point?Red-lipped, hostesses in short skirts lead you to your table (your choice of stairs or the elevator if you're on the second floor) and give a brief back story on the art installation in the center of the Union Jack painted ceiling. You'll be given an iPad to browse and order drinks while your server fetches the meat cart--a cart showcasing all the cuts of steak on the menu, which are all described to you in great detail. Service is impeccable. If you order a post-dinner coffee, three spoons are brought out, with liqueur-filled chocolates labeled "A", "B", and "C" (for Amaretto, Bailey's, and Chambord) that you simply stir right into your cup. Desserts are offered, but the Sticky Toffee Pudding will be heavily pitched to you in such a way that you really can't resist. And the food? The steak was delicious, but honestly, not the best I've had. It was very good and of high quality, but I typically like simple seasonings with a nice char on my steaks. This shouldn't be taken as a complete negative by any means, just a note on my personal preference. One person at the table ordered the famous Beef Wellington and was extremely happy with it. No complaints about the Pork Belly, Foie Gras, or side of Fingerling Potatoes, either.Sticky Toffee Pudding. It's a game changer. I was on the fence about coming back and then the Sticky Toffee Pudding single-handedly sealed the deal.An excellent dining experience for sure. John Howie Steak in Bellevue, WA is still my number one favorite steakhouse, but Gordon Ramsey Steak is probably one of the better ones on the strip.
4	amazing ambience! However the food was just so so. We like to have macaroni and cheese everywhere and I was astonished because this was the worst macaroni and cheese i have ever had! I mean who puts peas in mac and cheese?? But its a must go if in vegas!
4	My wife and I visited this restaurant based on the fantastic meal we had at Gordon Ramsey BurGR a few days before. Our reservation at GR Steak was for 6:45pm we arrived 5 minutes early and were told the restaurant was running 45 minutes late. Disappointed , but we sat at the bar and waited about 20minutes and were then seated in the restaurant. We chose the GR Limited Edition Tasting menu with the wine pairings . The mushroom risotto with scallop was delicious and the  Beef Wellington was exquisite. The meal was VERY  expensive, with tip it was well over $500 for two. However, the experience , enhanced by our waiter, Dennis, was very memorable. I would have given five stars if the meal had not been so expensive. Nevertheless, great restaurant.
5	This was a splurge visit while in Vegas, actually more of a destination during our trip.  We made reservations online and we only had to wait about 5 minutes to be seated.  The service was outstanding, they catered to our every want at the table.  Our water was continually full and they kept the bread tip top.  They even gave us a to go of our favorite dinner rolls.  The beef wellington is really that good, it melted in your mouth like a hot stick of butter.  The scallops were amazing!  We had the Hells Kitchen sampler during our visit and got the wine pairing, worth every penny in our opinion.  It was truly an experience.Oh and they have this meat cart they roll around to show you the different cuts, it is freaking awesome.  It has mirrors on it, enough said!
5	We did not have reservations, but we walked in and got 2 seats at the bar immediately. We ordered the pork belly appetizer which was tasty, but a bit underwhelming. Our server informed us that the Wellington we ordered would take about 45 mins to cook. It was probably closer to an hour during the dinner rush, but well worth the wait. Our wine was a fantastic pairing and the complimentary breads were fantastic as well. We had to catch a show so we were in a bit of a rush and didn't have time to truly enjoy the full dining experience, but it was still a wonderful time and a phenomenal meal!
5	Between the amazing food wonderful wait staff and beautiful ambiance you just can't go wrong with this place. You are treated like royalty if you find yourself in Las Vegas you have to visit this place but be sure to make reservations or you won't get a seat.
2	Gordon Ramsay preaches "quality" yet the bartender couldn't even poor my Guiness right.Also the service was VERY slow. I noticed that it wasnt just us, but everybody had to wait over 20 minutes after being seated before being approached by a waiter.Food was ok if you like English food. Not my cup of tea.
5	I used to visit and look forward to going to Vegas for the nightlife and view all the pretty female faces.... Since GRS opened last year,now my enthusiasm and priority is going back to GRS. Exceptional food and service. Usually dine at Mastro's in Bev Hills and GRS may actually be better.   Staff at the bar is fantastic,especially the young female bartender (I won't use her name). Always a smile and genuinely pleased when I show up.   Starter Ravioli diish alone is worth trying . Steaks are fantastic as are the sides. Even the coffee presentation and breads are fantastic. I've also had the Beef Wellington ,another treat . You can tell they have high standards and strive to maintain them.  Anyone giving it a low review must be projecting and merely has it out for the chef himself. Granted,it isn't cheap,but it's Vegas. Judging from the majority of the crowds  in Las Vegas, they probably would be better served going to Hooters to eat anyway:)
4	If you're looking for a good steak place on the strip, Gordon Ramsay is definitely a top contender.For my appetizer I had the raviolo which was superb. In fact, I had the same dish the night before at Le Cirque and, I have to say, I think Ramsay's dish topped Le Cirque. It was larger, had some bits of ham, great flavor. Fantastic start to the meal.Three of the six people I was with had the Skirt Steak. All three were perfectly cooked, tender, and great flavor. One friend did report his was oversalted. Another friend had the beef wellington which was supposed to be what Ramsay's is known for (it's the entree on the tasting menu). He said is was great but it is quite pricey. Unfortunately the dessert was a mixed bag. They recommend the toffee pudding dish which is NOT pudding. I generally dislike pudding so I got the carrot cake. The carrot cake was utter garbage. It was terrible. No moisture, no flavor, it was worse than what you get premade at the grocery store. That being said, two other friends got the toffee pudding and what came was actually a toffee cake type thing with some incredible ice cream. It was superb. How can one dessert be so good while another be so truly awful?Also, the service was slow. It's a steakhouse so it's going to be a bit slow, and it's Vegas so you know service will be slow, but the dinner took 3 hours. that's ridiculous. We were just sitting waiting for an hour for dessert.
4	I went here on Friday night for my fancy birthday dinner with the BF. There were some definite highs and some lows. Let me start by saying this place was suuuuuper fancy. Like....they import their water in from Wales (I really don't understand that...seems extremely wasteful to me....), they present raw steaks on a special steak presenting thing with mirrors on it....whoa.... Also, they give you an ipad to look at the drink menu...this is kind of dumb because the real menu is not on an ipad, so it didn't really make sense. Anyway, on to the food! They start you out with 4 different types of bread...one more delicious than the next, with butter and volcanic sea salt or something fancy. One of the breads tasted like bacon....yum. I ordered the beef wellington and the BF ordered the short ribs and, at the waiter's recommendation, we got the mac and cheese. Well, the wellington was good, but it wasn't amazing. The beef was great, it was very soft, but the crust just didn't have much flavor. The potato puree was very very tasty and so were the roasted vegetables. The BF's short ribs were good, but not as soft as short ribs usually are. The sauce was very good though. The mac and cheese was too bleu chees -y (despite the waiter telling us you couldn't even taste the bleu cheese). Also, the portions were very large, especially for a fancy restaurant. I'm not sure why the waiter made it seem like we needed a side, we definitely did not. We ended up sending the mac and cheese back....it wasn't bad, but it wasn't to our tastes. We finished with the sticky toffee pudding which was ridiculously good. The caramel was rich and the butter ice cream was crazy good. The presentation was also cute. This place was overall good, but for the price, I didn't think it had enough 'yummyness.' I liked Spago better when I've gone in the past, but this place is definitely an experience and I'd recommend giving it a try.
4	What else can I say WOW.....This place is amazing the staff was friendly and helpful. Service was above and beyond......The food was perfect spot on.......
3	While the food was good (although certainly not the best I have had), I was a little taken back when our bill for 6 of us included a charge of $36.00 for distilled water!  While it is customary to be asked if you would like distilled or sparkling water, I have never been charged $9.00 per bottle for distilled water.   There was also no way in hell that the six of us drank a total of 4 bottles of water in addition to the other alcohol and soft drinks that we ordered. Also, we never saw our server open a single bottle of this water bit every time we turned around, they re topping off the water glasses even though only a sip or two had been drank. I had no objection to spending $110.00 for the porterhouse for two or even the $6.00 for my wife's diet coke.....but I felt completely ripped off by this obvious bill padding for water!On a positive note, the service and atmosphere were exceptional and I would recommend people visit but be warned of the "hidden" charges
4	Had a little bit of everything here.  The foie gras was great, the kobe steak was very tender but slightly overcooked, the king crab tasted fresh and doesn't seem like it was ever frozen.  The only disappointment was the long bone steak for 2 which had a ton of fat on the meat and I had to cut off much of the fat to get to the meat which was already sliced by the kitchen.  I was very pleasantly surprised by the meal after trying some of the other Vegas celebrity chef restaurants.
5	Ate here for my birthday dinner on my recent trip to Vegas.  You can make your reservation 2 months in advance.Waited just a few minutes in the lounge for our table.  Hubby had the shrimp cocktail appetizer and the Kobe rib cap, I had the filet, we shared sides of mac & cheese and brussel sprouts, and we got the sticky toffee pudding dessert.Everything was delicious and the dessert was the best dessert I have ever had (and I've had some good ones).  Would rank this as one of the best meals I have ever had, and second only to N9NE in Vegas.  We almost went back later in our trip just for the dessert again.I do think my steak was medium rare instead of medium but it was so delicious, I closed my eyes and ate it anyway.  Only negatives were the lighting in there is weird (so none of my pics are very good) and they didn't recognize my birthday (even though it was on my reservation) until I mentioned it.  They brought me a candle on my dessert (but it wasn't free).  I also prefer when steakhouses have you cut into your steak after they bring it--it's a nice touch that GRS should implement.Bill with tip and a beer for hubby was $222 and worth every penny.
4	The restaurant looks great.  The bar service and drinks were really good and seating was quite comfortable.  We were there for a special occasion and a bit disappointed when they sat us at a table for two at the end of a high traffic aisle and about 18 inches from another couple.  We asked for a more intimate table and were moved upstairs to a nice circular booth.  The steak tower presentation was a great touch and helped us select our dinner fare.  We had the Wagyu end cap and Beef Wellington and they were the best we have ever had and cooked to perfection.  The only reason we couldn't rate this 5 stars is that our waiter was terrible, slow and arrogant.  If not for the assistant waiter we would have been there for another hour.  It could be that we were a couple and he wanted 4 people at his table, but his attitude did detract from the experience.  We will repeat and hope to have a different waiter next time.
4	One of the best reasons I'm happy to be alive is STEAK.  Life would be oh so boring without it.  For date night, we couldn't figure out where we wanted to eat at since we weren't too hungry and it was already 9:30pm...most places were closing at 10pm but thankfully, Gordon Ramsay keeps his doors open until 10:30pm.The restaurant, especially the entrance, reminds me of a club...a well-lit club.  We didn't have a reservation so we sat at the bar area and didn't have to wait to get a table.  We were given an amazing plate of different kinds of bread. 2 were aged parmesan, 1 bacon, 1 mushroom and 2 lemony breads. In a world full of free sourdough bread, complimentary bread got exciting again. We got the medium rare 24oz dry-aged bone-in rib eye, fingerling potatoes and mac n cheese.DRY-AGED BONE-IN RIBEYE: their medium rare is bloodier than usual but I'd rather eat a bloody steak than a hockey puck.  It was tender and no sauce was needed. Just pure meaty perfection. 5/5FINGERLING POTATOES: with parmesan and truffle...they were flavorful. The perfect side for a awesome piece of meat 5/5MAC N CHEESE: with peas, truffle and 3 different cheeses - blue, cheddar and parmesan.  It was tasty, rich and quite heavy. 4/5For personal reasons, we skipped dessert. The service was alright. For the price and quality of meat we got, I may have found a new favorite steak place in Vegas.  But no, I still love Mario Batali.
2	What  can I say  about Gordon Ramsay Steak but that we were greatly disappointed.We stepped up and ordered the Hell's Kitchen tasting dinner at $145 per person plus the extra $75 per person charge for wine accompaniments.  Starting with the Scotch Egg, this so called delicacy was smaller than a golf ball. Perhaps the size of a large grape. Tasteless and boring. So we move on to the Spring Vegetable Salad. Now this was about 5 slices of green vegetable matter with a slice of tuna about the size of a postage stamp. Again tasteless and boring. So now it is time for the Mushroom Risotto. This was two tablespoons of Risotto and a nice sized Scallop in the center. This was excellent  but it was laughable to see this served on a large white dinner plate when it would have fit on a tea cup saucer and never even came close to the running off the edge. Ah, now the Beef Wellington. Have you seen the Beef Wellington that is served on Hell's kitchen? Forget about it.  You take one of those pieces you see on TV and cut it in half and serve two! I'm not kidding. Our Beef Wellington was about 3 inches wide by 2 inches high by 2 inches long. I could have had a 22 ounce Rib Eye for $100 less. So now dessert, the blueberry tart. This came with a piece of crust about 3 inches long and  1/2 inch wide. Not a standard tart shaped cup. It had about 8 blueberry's and a tablespoon of vanilla ice cream. It was good, but come on, this is what you get for $145 each? The wine's were about a 3 ounce pour each. A little more than a wine tasting. None of the wines were memorable. Kind of reminded us of what you get at Trader Joe's from the bottom shelf.  So the total bill for Martini's,Hell's Kitchen Tasting Dinner, Wine accompaniment plus tip for two people was just over $600!!! The service was excellent, 5 stars plus so they received their 20% because they earned it. To say we were disappointed is an understatement. We wouldn't go back to Gordon Ramsay Steak even if we had a Groupon!
5	This restaurant is incredible! The service and food quality is always top notch. Future father in-law loved his Beef Wellington, and my fiance with a small appetite ate every bit of his delicious rib cap! My lobster and truffled fingerling potatoes were amazing! I could eat 50 of both! The best drink-The Drifter-amazing!Our server was Ted, followed by our server assistant Sean. They were both extremely knowledgable about the menu/food allergies/beef origins and selection. With impeccable service and stellar food, my family and I cannot wait to go back!
4	I was a little upset that we had to wait over 20 minutes for a seat when we had reservations weeks in advance, but the quality if the food and service more than made up for it.  Once we got seated, they catered to our every whim, and were wonderfully pleasant. I had the Beef Wellington which was to die for. Melted in your mouth and every bite seemed to taste better than the one before it. The waiter and chefs were even kind enough to throw together a vegetarian option that wasn't on the menu for my girlfriend. The atmosphere was trendy, with a beautiful entranceway fashioned in a tube of red glass and chrome-looking supports. I definitely recommend to anyone that wants a high end steak or just the experience of it all. Honestly, not as expensive as I thought it was going to be, even including tip and some drinks.
2	Went there during a conference last week.1.   Couldn't order the famous risotto unless we paid $145 per person to experience the Hells Kitchen special menu2.  Ordered the Beef Wellington.  Was told I could not order it any way except  mid rare.  Asked the waitress and she wouldn't ask the cooks to do it3.  The table water that was on ice on the wall next to us fell over (flimsy, over-decorative ice holders)4.  Pretentious wait staff5.  Beef Wellington was mushy and rather lifeless and flavorlessI am OK with paying a lot for dinner, but I expect a lot in return.  Very disappointed.
3	I really wanted to rate Gordon Ramsay Steak higher but I couldn't.  Maybe my expectations were too high, maybe I just don't have those refined taste buds or maybe I just like cheap food?  Nope... I just wanted great food, especially when I am paying $$$$ for it. My husband and I had reservations and arrived early.  We were greeted by a hostess (there were many) gave her our name and waited, she then turned and started to walk into the restaurant without saying anything so we followed.. we thought it was strange that she didn't say this way but she did great us in the beginning.  Apparently she was not our hostess and we were chased down by another one that showed us to our table.. a little confusing.  Our waiter was very friendly and attentive. The bread came in different flavors but nothing amazing. When our order arrived it was delivered by a server for each person that repeats what you ordered.  I didn't care for it much because it was like trying to listen to two conversations at once. I also thought it would have been nice if I had been told my plate was hot since I found out when I tried to pull it closer to me.  We started with the Ricotta Raviolo, it was good but the pasta on the Raviolo was a bit thick and a little tough.  I had the Market green salad which was good but I would have preferred fresh tomatoes.  My husband had the top cap which he really enjoyed with a side of figerling potatoes that were good. He also ordered the bone marrow, an acquired taste I am not interested in acquiring.  I had the signature short rib with the potato puree, swiss chard, and wild mushrooms.  The short rib was ok. The meat was chewy so I picked at it and ate it in very small portions avoid having to keep chewing.  The mushrooms in my opinion were tough and the swiss chard had no flavor.  The potato puree was good but there wasn't much of it and the wine sauce got a little thick as it cooled... maybe that's normal.  I guess I was kind of relieved when one of the many staff members asked if I was done and even though I wasn't  I said yes.  The star of the evening was the toffee pudding.  If you go to this restaurant for nothing else go for the toffee pudding.  It really is amazing.  Would I go back?  I think I would give them another shot.  Maybe I should have ordered a steak... I mean it is a steak house but I love short rib and always order it when it's on any menu plus it was a signature dish!  I think the sign of a great steak restaurant isn't how well they do their steak but how much effort they put into everything else they serve.  I do wonder if anything would have been different if Gordon himself were behind the counter but.. I guess i will never know.
5	Loved it.
5	This restaurant served as a wonderful anniversary experience for I and my husband this past weekend. I highly recommend trying this restaurant for a special night out. My servers Dennis and Jessica were the best servers I've had in a very long time. They made our visit here top notch and truly special with their attentive attitude and pleasant service. By recommendation of my server Dennis, I tried the strawberry martini and thought it was delicious. My husband tried the bottled passion fruit green tea ice tea since he was not looking to have alcohol and he really enjoyed it; I soon after ended up ordering the black sage ice tea for myself and it was just as enjoyable to me too. Supposedly, the ice tea is not sweetened but it's so flavorful you really don't need to add any sugar to it. For dinner my husband ordered the the Foie Gras appetizer which he loved. I had the rib-eye steak cooked medium-well with the side of mac and cheese and was very satisfied. Desserts: well, all I can say is it was a joyful experience. You must try the toffee pudding if you're looking for a mesmerizing sweet escapade. If you live for desserts as much as I do, I am warning you, please do not forsake this treat. We ordered one for each of us and do not regret it. Now go, ENJOY!
4	OK, first of all, I'm going to say 4.5 stars...I'm a local to Vegas so it is difficult to give a full 5 star rating when there are sooo many options here in our amazing city.  Lets just say I want some room at the top to be really impressed.  (Joel R...are you listening?)That being said, this was an amazing dinner.  Had 9pm reservations (highly recommended)  and were seated promptly in the balcony area overlooking the dining room floor.  (very cool)  Service was as expected for an establishment such as this (prompt, polite, helpful etc)  Food.  Exceptional.  Wellington is as advertised...amazing.  We had 3 sides, Mac&Cheese, Potato puree, and the mushrooms.  Could have skiped the mushrooms and the M&C was good, but not as good as some I've had (S&W).Apps - Kobi Sliders - 3 - eh...ok....nothing to write home about- Fois - 5 - really good, and for my friend from CA, something that is illegal for him to purchase at home!WinePrime - 2010 - held up really well and was a good valueDesertSorry, had too much to eat and elected to not push it...will try it next time I'm here.PriceAbout 200.00 per head with wine.  (won 100.00 back at the craps table so not bad)Sumation - having eaten at many of the good/great steak joints in town, Ramsay Steak certainly has a place among the top.  You should not be disappointed if you go.  Just be prepared for the check.
5	We chose Gordon Ramsay STEAK for a bachelor party dinner and I'm so glad that we did.  Our reservations were for 9:30, however we needed to get into the Chateau nightclub next-door by 11pm.  Figuring we would probably be seated late, we arrived early at 8:45pm and asked if we could be seated early which I know is tough to ask on a Cinco de Mayo weekend (and on a Saturday to boot).  They escorted us into the lounge where we got a couple of drinks and within minutes our table was ready!  We sat down 20min before our reservation which was perfect.All of the girls working there are just gorgeous.  The service is outstanding.  The food even better.  I've eaten at N9NE for instance and wasn't all that impressed by the decor (the food was good though).  Gordon's is very vibrant inside.  It's trendy and energetic without being too noisy.  We ordered the filet, 24oz rib-eye, the NY Strip, Ahi Tuna and Foie Gras.  The Foie was just outstanding.  I'd come back just to order that again and for only $20, it's a must-have.  All of the steaks were cooked to perfection (mid-rare).  The sides were less spectacular (brussel sprouts, mushrooms) so I'd probably choose a different side next time.Can't wait to come back!
5	Having our daughter's bachelorette party in Las Vegas, the bar was raised on everything we did as a group. It was difficult to get into any of the Gordon Ramsay restaurants, but we got lucky and made an early dinner reservation at his restaurant. I have an allergy to pepper and often am forced to stick to salads for dinner as they are easy to control. NOT THE CASE HERE! I was able to order anything I wanted as it was all prepared fresh. I had the most delicious mixed grill of shrimp, steak and pork cheek with veggies and a fabulous bread basket.  All ten of us were overwhelmed with the quality of the food and the experience the front of house staff provided.  We were well attended, shared delicious wine, and fully accomodated.  Would I go back? Yes, in a heartbeat.
5	Top notch food and service! Great place for a date. Sticky toffee pudding to die for and served in a really interesting way.
5	I am in love with the bartender Tracy. She is just amazing, professional, sharp. She recommended the right appetizers, the perfect steaks, and wines, and even the desserts. I will definitely come again because of her, although Mr Ramsey may get pissed
5	We had a reservation months in advance and they let us in on time. The hostess showed us around the restaurant, kind of like a mini-tour, which made it feel really exclusive and classy. The interior is amazing and they gave us a seat in the upstairs back room where most big parties were seated (or so it seemed).First of all, the service was excellent. The servers seemed genuinely happy to serve us and were very helpful. I thought they would be more condescending because, well, it IS Gordon Ramsay's restaurant... But no, they were down to earth, happy to answer questions and made suggestions as well. They also recommended how to have the meat cooked but never pressured any of us at our table to get it done that way.I was also thoroughly impressed by the "meat trolley" that came out. It was amazing. They had their cuts laid out for display, and the waitress explained each and every cut, how it prepared and how it would be cooked.Lastly, the food. I order the bone-in rib eye (24oz) with a side of tempura and garlic aioli. The rest of my party had the beef wellington and the kobe american rib cap. When I first cut into the rib eye, i thought it had been overcooked. I asked for medium. But it became red when I cut further into the meat. It was very succulent. I also had a bite of the beef wellington which was also amazing.The best thing on the menu was the toffee  dessert. The moment we all took a bite out of it, our lives had changed. Do NOT leave that place without trying the dessert.
5	We finally got to go to one of Gordon's restaurants, and it was well worth the wait!!! they roll a steak cart out to show you all the cuts of meat they serve, how cool is that!! I really wanted to try the famous Beef Wellington, but was a tad disappointed to hear that it automatically is medium to medium rare, unfortunately, I like medium well, but the NY steak did not disappoint!!  and the ribeye was to die for!  Our waiter was so nice, he even pointed out Gordon sitting at a table downstairs, I would have gone down to meet him, but he was already getting ready to leave, so I missed that. I completely recommend this awesome restaurant!
2	The Signature dish, the one an artist copied every hand movement of Ramsey's in NEON...Pass The beef Wellington was just awful.  Soggy pastry, clumps of spice rub on the meat.  Terrible, made me have to run to the restroom, NO SHIT! Literally, needed to puke but couldn't cuz it only has one stall.  The Restroom is the size of a closet.  The hostess has no personality, was a robot as we left Paris for London as she put it.  Ok people, ipad menu, well drink menu. Waiter knowledgeable, however the rest of the staff looked clueless, just like the first week of his show.  Too bad there's no Peter Lugers in Vegas.  Teach Ramsey  that the Scottish suck haggis at cooking beef.
5	Gordon Ramsey steak restaurant in Vegas was amazing. Beef wellington melted in my mouth. Potatoes puree delicious. The toffee pudding cake to die for. Awesome service as well
5	Service: Extremely attentive. Almost too much so, but they really took care of us. When we first arrived, the hostess asked if we would like to take the stairs or elevator (I think it's common practice, but we noticed that none of the waiters were taking the elevator, so maybe they aren't allowed), we went through two big bottles of water because they were constantly refiling our glasses, and our waitress seemed overjoyed when we handed her a cash tip. Food: Perfect fish, perfect meat, perfect pastry, perfect perfect perfect perfect. My boyfriend said it was the best meal of his life. The portions are "fancy restaurant small" for some dishes... don't be fooled. We were SO full.Price: Expensive, but expected. My boyfriend and I got waters, ordered one appetizer (Hamachi Crudo), two entrees (Beef Wellington and Seafood/Fisherman sampler), a side (truffle mac and cheese), and desert (blueberry tart). Ran us $206 after tip. Overview: I recommend everything that we ate. Cooked perfectly, well balanced, and there are some "food snob" items along with some very basic but tasty items on the menu. The atmosphere is kind of pretentious (the hostess explained concept behind the huge, neon, chandelier/piece of art in the center of the dining room, etc.), but I chalk that up to the location, and Gordon Ramsay's idea of what a Vegas restaurant should look like. The food speaks for itself, and that's why I was there.
5	Great experience!  We got the Hells Kitchen tasting menu and it was fantastic. Our waiter's name was Matthew and he was just wonderful!  When you get the tasting menu, you get a souvenir menu with a photo of Gordon Ramsay.  When we told Matthew we were big fans of Hells Kitchen,  he had our menu signed be Christina Wilson - season 10 winner of Hells Kitchen.  This may be geeky, but we were thrilled.  Our 4 kids love Hells Kitchen so this was great for us.  We also took our picture with Christina.  Amazing food!  Amazing service!  Highly recommended!
5	Food was amazing. Service was awesome. Will go back every time I come to Las Vegas. Christina Wilson is an amazing chef.
5	American Kobe Filet!!! Life changing! Don't pass it up!
5	It truly is amazing to taste such gorgeous dishes. Ones that we take for granted, yet when cooked by genius chefs anything but ordinary. Yes it's expensive, but if you ever wanted to try the absolute best you must try this, once in your life! 5 stars just under rates it ! Add it to your bucket list :)
5	Hard to believe that a Ramsey restaurant could live up to the hype, but it  was everything expected, and more.  Fabulous room and other worldly service. The sommelier was a particular standout .Needless to say, this is a very expensive experience but worth the money IMO.
5	We truly enjoyed our experience at this restaurant - from the fabulous food to the exceptional service. What made it extra special for us was our incredible server, Dennis. He made us smile (and laugh!) right from the start and his knowledge and recommendations for the food were truly appreciated.  We had the 24 oz Royal Long-Bone Chop for 2 - melt-in-your-mouth tender. Others at the table had the Beef Wellington (what's not to love about that!), and we enjoyed a number of sides. It was a toss up between the mac and cheese and those truffled fingerling potatoes for us. Or maybe the heirloom carrots (who knew carrots could be that good?) or the mushrooms? Wait - can't forget the unique selection of breads served at the start. Yup, we asked for 2nds. And the Sticky Toffee Pudding - heaven! Went to Gordon Ramsey's Grill and Pub the next day to have it again - without having to share it.  Plan on visiting again when we're back in Vegas this September. And, Dennis, we really hope to see you again!
5	Came here for my birthday on a Monday night in May, reservations at 8pm. Restaurant was pretty full but our table was ready within about 5 mins of our arrival. Service was excellent. The meat trolley was a really fun & unique way for them to display their cuts. I ordered the Wellington, and the meat melted in my mouth. Delicious. I wasn't a huge fan of the rest of it, though. The meat alone was more than filling. One friend ordered the short rib, but it was too salty for her. My other two friends ordered the Fisherman's Grill & both said it was the best seafood they'd ever had. We also ordered side dishes to share: the loaded baked potato, roasted heirloom carrots & the mac & cheese. I was pretty full by this point, so didn't try the potato, but they said it was good. The carrots were good but spicy, and the mac & cheese, we all could have eaten a gallon tub of it. It was divine. We ordered the sticky toffee pudding w/ brown butter ice cream for dessert & it was worthy of plate licking (we didn't). SO good. They brought out a very yummy complimentary ice cream for my birthday. All in all, a delicious meal & a restaurant we'll def return to next time we're in Vegas.
5	We went with no reservation on a week night and could not get a table so we sat in the bar area and were able to get service. Our waitress was AMAZING. I have been to many high end restaurants and this was one of my top experiences. We decided to try different things such as the beef tartar, which came out with a smoky hickory cover and elevated every sense. Second was the mac and cheese with a variety of breads, which we deemed as food crack. Last was the infamous beef wellington. It was amazing, the beef perfect and tender. We were fully satisfied, but even more amazing to meet the hell's kitchen winner who was the head chef, Christine. She was very nice and we thanked her for an amazing meal. So, even not at a table, we were treated like royalty and it was an amazing experience.
4	I cannot believe its taken me this long to write a review, mainly because I'm insanely addicted to G.R. and his shows, but apparently not that addicted because I've only given this restaurant 4 stars. So, the run down... We were on a two week road trip and one of my stop choices was Las Vegas because I wanted to eat at Gordon Ramsay's Steak. I've always been so jealous watching Hells Kitchen seeing everyone get to try his food, so I had to put a stop to it! We didn't make reservations, well, we tried but apparently calling a day in advance didn't give enough lead time to not be booked, haha, I should've known. We did find out that there is a lounge area that is first come first serve, so we showed up there and prayed we'd get a seat and we did! We didn't have to wait very long either. Our waitress was awesome, attentive, and didn't mind joking back and forth with me about G.R. and agreeing to slipping him my number next time he's in town. I ordered 3 cocktails, all were good, but the best was the HK Antioxidant, it was really good. Ordered the Foie Gras and it was probably the best part of the entire meal. I ordered the Beef Wellington of course, I have been wanting to try it for forever and in part might be why I was slightly disappointed. It wasn't as flavorful as I thought it would be, that in itself isn't that big of a deal, but the pastry wasn't cooked thoroughly, so it was kind of mushy and gross, I was looking forward to the flaky pastry along side the tender meat, but it kind of made me feel sick, still I feel like had it been cooked properly it would have been awesome and I'm not one to complain. My brother and his girlfriend chose the chicken and it wasn't until after the fact that they told me the chicken was really dry. They didn't want to ruin my night, but that upset me because we all know how Gordon feels about dry chicken! I would have said something, but I didn't know. They also got the asparagus soup and we enjoyed the presentation and they really enjoyed the flavor. Then we ordered dessert, this was back in September of last year (2012) so I'm not positive of the names, but it was the sticky toffee one, this was a risk because I'm not a fan of toffee- so let me just say, it was THAT good... Amazing! Our bill with tip came to around $250, which I think was worth it for the experience and would go back again if given the chance, I feel like it was probably just an off night. However I did not slip the waitress my number to give to Ramsay as I'm looking for a stellar chef... Maybe I should try going after Graham next :P.
4	Very great experience! Love the atmosphere and the layout of the restaurant.  The service was great.  Had lots of fun trying all the foods and seeing the fancy presentations. Started with drinks...  I had a dirty martini which was made perfectly... for dinner  I had a cesar salad, which had quail eggs, a first for me, I then had a filet with a baked potato side, the baked potato is HUGE, definitely share-able. I was with a group so we all ordered a different dessert to be able to try a variety, very good selections!  The chocolate alcohol infused coffee spoons are definitely a fun touch too.
5	My wife and I had an amazing experience here. The food was delicious but I was blown away at the service. BEST SERVICE I'VE EVER EXPERIENCED.The wine choices were great and the bread they serve was so unique and flavorful. We both had the beef Wellington and I would highly recommend it.
5	Expectations set VERY high and those expectations were not only met, but exceeded!TimingPresentationTasteService 5 stars!
4	Food was mostly good.  Sides definitely not worth the price especially the spinach which was about a handful worth.  They kept part of it raw to take up space in the bowl a size that they would put a side of dressing.  Bone in ribeye was awesome.  Beef Wellington very good.  The salad with green goddess dressing was good and deceivingly filling.  Service was very good.  It just seems slightly overpriced
4	Well I want to start off by saying that I was a little bit bothered that when you read the website for this place, they lead you to believe that the dress code is nothing less than business casual however, that is not the case.When we were seated there were two couples sharing a table across from my wife and I in casual clothing. Now this isn't a problem, its more of a heads up that you will still be allowed in the restaurant even if you are in casual clothes.Now on to the review. I believe it is best that you make a reservation because it gets extremely packed here. And this way you're guaranteed a seat. The ambiance in the restaurant has sort of a classy/romantic feel which was perfect for my wife and I because it was a special occasion.Our server was meh (:-/). He would talk to us and explain things on the menu when asked but nothing above and beyond that. Well, while doing all this he  would smile at us but it seemed like he was only doing this because he had too. The guy wasn't mean and he was very patient (As we took a while to decide what we wanted since it was our first time). However, whenever he would smile it looked like it hurt him, it just didn't seem genuine.After a long deliberation we decided to order two salads for our starters (A blue cheese salad and a ceasar salad), the beef wellington for two, and two sides (The sauteed mushrooms and a baked potatoe. Just a word of caution the baked potatoes is hugh you can actually share that between two people.).The salads were ok nothing that would blow your mind. But the Beef Wellington was awesome. Let me just say that I was quite hesitant to get the Beef Wellington because they only make medium-rare and I'm the kind of person that likes my beef cooked well-done. But I told my myself what the heck, you've heard so much about the Wellington that I just had to try it and I did and 100% percent satisfied because it was delicious.Although the Wellington is cooked medium-rare they bake it a oven before serving it which eliminates any possibility of seeing any blood (Which I thought I would see but I did not). The Wellington was very tender, moist, and had excellent flavor and texture, I enjoyed every bite. The sides were delicious as well. This was all around one of the better places we ate while in Vegas.Besides the salad which were just ok everything else was delicious. And because we were so full with the entree we didn't have room for any desert. Hopefully, next time we will be able to order desert.I strongly feel that Gordon Ramsay Steak is a must visit if you're ever in Vegas.
4	I had an awesome bday here the atmosphere in most high end steak houses is very stuffy these guys were fun and very accommodating .....the food was amazing I cant wait to go back and get more Brussels sprouts...YES Brussels sprouts they were awesome!
5	This place was phenomenal. I'm in Vegas by myself so I decided to not make a reservation and just eat at the bar. I ordered the HK Antioxidant cocktail, the American Skirt Kobe, and the Mac & Cheese. The drink was fantastic, as was the steak. It was cooked to perfection and had a wonderful flavor. The Mac & Cheese was unique, but delicious. The bread they brought out before the meal was amazing as well. The service was top notch, although that's what I would expect for the size of the bill.
4	Im a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay, I always watch Master Chef, Kitchen Nightmares, etc etc. So obviously coming here I had huge expectations as I regard Gordon Ramsay to be a world class chef.I read the reviews on Yelp first to guide me as to what I should order. For our appetizers we decided on the Seared Fois Gras and the Kurobuta Pork Belly. Please note the appetizer portions are small, but they're not extremely small. The fois gras was fairly tasty, although some parts were a bit too squishy for my preference. The pistachio streusel and jam that are served on the plate with it were very rich, a little too sweet for my liking but overall pretty darn good. This was the first time I've ever eaten Fois Gras, it was definitely a unique taste, and I could see it offputting to most, but I'd order it again (if it were seared a bit more). As for the pork belly, that was really good. Best Pork Belly I have had. Now as a side note, they bring out these bread rolls to you. I believe 6 different types? Wow, these were excellent, and the one with bacon baked in to it? Give Gordon Ramsay the Nobel Peace prize. That was just incredibly delicious. Why have I never had bread with bacon baked into it before? I was in heaven, I requested more, yummy!As for the dinner, I decided to go with their signature Beef Wellington and my sister had the 24 oz Bone in rib eye. This is where I was a bit upset, and the only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars despite their bread being phenomenal, their pork belly being the bets pork belly I've ever had, and the dessert, OMG, that'll come later.... The Beef wellington comes one way and one way only, medium rare, that's fine, thats how I enjoy my steaks. My waiter told me it's served this way because if it cooked anymore the pastry would get burned. Anyhow, when I received my wellington I was really excited but at first bite I was quite saddened. The pastry was already a bit soggy, the beef texture just didn't seem right, although it was very soft, and the red wine demi glace just did not taste good at all. I pretty much avoided it completely. I had some of my sister's bone in rib eye, boy oh boy did it have a ton of fat on it, not trimmed properly at all... I would expect better trimming from a restaurant of this caliber. She additionally tried their signature steak sauce, which was just terrible. The steak tasted alright, but not any better than a regular ol' steakhouse down the road. Anyhow, onto my dessert. We were stuffed and really didn't want dessert but the waiter said "If you don't like it, be honest, and it's on the house" so how could I resist? Which dessert did he suggest you ask? Three words.... Sticky Toffee Pudding! It came out, and to be honest the look doesn't do it justice. It just kind of looks like a warm cake, some sauce in the middle and an ice cream bar molded into the form of a stick of butter with a knife thru it... But wow, once you pour the sauce over the cake, and then combine the brown butter ice cream with it... Well, you've got the world's greatest dessert hands down. I have never in my life had a tastier dessert and my sister agreed. This was just outstanding. I'd go here just to order the dessert.As for the service, A+. The waiter was very knowledgeable on all their food items, my water was always full, and I drink a ton of water. My only suggestion is to get rid of the multitude of bimbos at the hostess stand. There were 3-4 of them standing there when I arrived, and they all seemed confused.
5	Our server treated us like we were his only customers.  The Beef Wellington was simply the best thing I have ever put in my mouth.  The manager walked us out of the restaurant while asking us if everything was to our satisfaction.  You could tell Gordon's standards were in practice.  Expensive, but worth it!
4	My very first Gordon Ramsay experience and it was definitely one of the highlights on our recent LV trip. We decided to splurge a little and ordered the Hell's Kitchen Tasting menu ($145/person). Upon being seated - the waiter asked us whether we wanted sparkling water or still water. Thinking still water ...would be tap water (Seattleites never have to worry about this!), we were a little bummed that there was a $22 charge for water.Drinks: Pimm's cup & Strawberry margarita ...pretty solid but not quite a "wow" experience Tasting menu:     1. Amuse bouche - scotch (soft boiled quail) egg over a bed of red wine braised cabbage was delicious! I just wished it wasn't so tiny!     2. Spring vegetable salad (asparagus/pea shoots/candied rhubarb) with a tiny thin slice of seared ahi tuna. It's light and refreshing -- perfect for the 95 degree weather.     3. Mushroom risotto & seared scallop: A-ha! This is the dish that always get screwed up on the tv show but it was done perfectly here! Great texture & great flavors (they used morel mushrooms)        4. Beef Wellington: The one dish I was looking forward to!! It's a classic dish that I just can't seem to find anywhere nowadays. The filet was incredibly tender...the pastry was nice and flaky...and I loved that mushroom spread that he used (in replacement of pate).     5. Dessert: blueberry tart paired with a scoop of  citrus-y vanilla ice cream was the perfect way to end the night. Service: super friendly and not stuffy at all. As a gift for those that order the tasting menu, we went home with a photo (not a print!) of Gordon Ramsay himself (signed, of course) and a copy of the tasting menu signed by Christina Wilson (last season's winner). She even personalized it for us since it was my boyfriend's birthday.
5	Three of us went to GR Steak for dinner (5/28 at table T34), based on the glowing recommendation from a friend who came last week. Thankfully we had reservations as the place was full.  We were not disappointed.  The fantastic evening started with the service. Our server, Charles,  explained the menu, showed us the steak trolly and introduced us to the Hell!s Kitchen tasting menu (HKTM). The one catch with the HKTM is everyone at the table must order it.  We decided to go with it based on Charles thorough description. I recommend the wine pairing with that. In addion we added a 3 ounce potion of  A5 Kobe Filet at a pricey $30/oz. It was worth it, beyond expectation. It was truely the best mest we ever had.   the stick toffee pudding was wonderful.   The whole experience was 5 star and worth the $700 rice tag.
5	Thank you GR for being my first......time trying Japanese Kobe.  A rare treat!  Food fabulous, service superb:    A perfect pairing were Charles N and Jered C.   Knowledgeable, professional, and welcoming, they walked us through an amazing meal.   We also enjoyed American Kobe.   There are not enough superlatives to describe the service and the entire meal.  Atmosphere is great.  We sat in a lovely round booth upstairs with a view of neon and restaurant.   One thing, tho, could you dim the interrogation light shining over us in the booth?  If in Vegas, it's a MUST!!  Best meal of my life! We are huge GR fans.   Loved BurGR, as well.
5	Wife and I took my folks to GR Steak, and had a wonderful time.  The music was quite loud, my only complaint, but otherwise it was very good, matching my experiences at his other restaurants.We ordered a seafood platter appetizer that was nothing short of amazing.  Stacks of ice blocks, filled with oysters, shrimp, scallops, lobster, clams... amazing.  We loved our meals, served by the very attractive wait staff, and really had a great time.  The only thing I would critique about the food is that after ages of watching Hells Kitchen, my wife and I ordered the beef wellington, and it was served here with no sauce.  This made it dryer, and well... no sauce.  Seemed like a mistake in hindsight.
5	OMG!! The best food t ever tasted. I had the Beef wellington SOOOO GOOD and then had the truffle pudding with vanilla ice cream. Had one bite and my eyes rolled back in my head..
5	The most amazing dining exerience I have ever had. Gordon walks the talk as does his staff . I don't want this to be long and drawn out so let me make this short & sweet. This experience made me cry! A joyful cry!  Best service, best food ever! Got a Pimms cup ordered from a iPad, had orgasmic (not a spelling error) mushrooms with the famous Beef Wellington and the sticky toffee pudding brought the tears. My advice- dont think, - just go, just enjoy, you will not be disappointed. Mahalo nui loa to Michael, Jean Phillipe, and the staff at GRS. Aloha nui loa!
5	I've been here three times, each time was amazing.  Beef Wellington cooked perfectly, great wine list, friendly and timely service. Stick toffee pudding is one of the best deserts you can buy. In two words: Amazingly perfect.
4	Wife and I made reservations here online which was incredibly easy.   The ambience is amazing.  We arrived early and were allowed to sit at the bar while we waited.  The staff was very courteous and treated us well.  As for the food, it was amazing.  I had the filet with the macaroni & cheese; my wife had the beef Wellington and the loaded baked potato.  For dessert, our wonderful waiter suggested the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream.  It was quite honestly one of the best things I've ever eaten.  Now, the reason I only gave it four out of five stars is because of the appetizer.  We ordered the Herb Ricotta Ravioli ($20).  It consisted of 1 ravioli...  The ravioli was good, but for $20 we expected more than one.  Overall it was a very enjoyable experience and will be back.
4	My friends and I had reservations on a busy Saturday night.  For as busy as it was, our service was prompt and the staff was extremely attentive.  I have to admit, I was really impressed with both the food and the staff.  Our waiter was upbeat, knowledgeable, and very helpful with the menu selections.  Now, onto the food.  We were a group of eight, so we shared a little bit here and there.  I ordered the Kobe Rib Cap-medium; very delish and tender.  I also sampled the Bone In Ribeye and the Beef Wellington.  The Ribeye was juicy, tender, and tasty.  The Beef Wellington was "melt in your mouth" delicious!  I will be ordering that the next time I go.  Our sides were the Mac and Cheese, Mushrooms, and Fingerling potatoes.  All of these were portioned well and again, very tasty.  I ordered the Raviolo for an appetizer... I'm with the other reviewer on this one-I expected more than just one... but by definition, it is singular.  I sampled the Pork Belly... this is my favorite of everything I tried that night.  If you are going to order one app, I highly recommend the Pork Belly.  I was told the Hamachi was excellent as well.  We also had the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert.  It is extremely rich and filling.  One of these is good for 3 average diners, we split amongst 8 and it was still satisfying.  Overall, I had a wonderful experience and will be going back again when I go to Vegas.  Four 1/2 stars because the music was a little too loud; that is one of my pet peeves when dining.  Other than that, it was a perfect meal at a reasonable price.  My friends and I thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and agreed that GR Steak was an awesome experience
5	I AM A HUGE FAN OF HELL'S KITCHEN AND GORDON RAMSEY! So coming here, it was like a dream come true. To make it even better, everything went almost perfect that night.My boyfriend and I went there for his 25th birthday celebration when we had planned to come to Vegas in May for Memorial Day weekend. I had made this reservation 2 months in advanced!When we first arrived at the hostess table, we did not have to wait for more than 10 minutes. When we were taken into the restaurant, the decor was really modern and high end. The lights were dimmed, giving it more of an intimate environment. When we were seated, I already knew what I wanted to order (from watching the show and after reading all the reviews from Yelp!). I knew for sure I had to try the Beef Wellington. My boyfriend didn't want to have the same thing as me so he ordered the ribeye. For the appetizer, we had the fried blue point oysters. And as for dessert, we got  the sticky toffee pudding (it was very nice of them to put a birthday candle for him for this birthday, making the dinner more memorable!). Anything that they had put on the table from the appetizer to the bread plate, EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS AND DID NOT DISAPPOINT!The service, in general, was great! We did find it very interesting for them to use the IPAD for their cocktails. But at the same time, it had information about Gordon Ramsey and the restaurant. We enjoyed it when the server had brought out the Hell's Kitchen Tasting Menu and all the steaks they had to cook for us. The busboy was consistently filling up our water and asking if we needed anything. Overall, I would love to come back and try everything on the menu (and eat the beef wellington again!). However, I won't be able to afford it since the pricing is a little high. Therefore, making this event and possible future dining events here more worthy and memorable.
5	Love Gordon Ramsey!!! We came here for Valentines dinner. Love the art in near the ceiling! They come out with all cuts of beef and info about them. The breads they bring out are great. Love the one with truffle in it. Onion soup so full of flavor. I was suprised by the tartar. I didn't know it was raw. It was an experience. Beef Wellington was perfect and the mashed potatos yummy. Its pricey. But for a one time thing or celebrations u have to try it!!
4	Good beet salad. Visit the location in Vegas where I went. Super hot spot and the food is fantastic!
5	This is one of my top 10 dinners of all time!  This place is awesome and I am so glad that we made a reservation to eat here prior to seeing the Jersey Boys.  It was AMAZING!!!!  My husband and I split the Kobe filet and it was so delicious and flavorful.  My Mom had the chicken and said it was amazing and for sides we had the sauteed spinach, truffle mac and cheese, and fingerling potatoes.  Unfortunately we didn't have time for dessert, but I will be back the next time I am in Vegas.  They have a great drink list and you need to try their version of a blue cheese stuffed olive.  Being that I'm very particular on my olives, this place blew my mind.  They created a "bacon cheeseburger" type of olive - it was an olive sandwich with blue cheese, cocktail onion and bacon.  I added a pic, it's a little blurry, but it gives you an idea.  I never would have thought to do that with an olive.  Gordon Ramsay is a genius!    You simply must try this place!
5	My wife and I had dinner on Wednesday 6-5-13 and all I can say is WOW WOW WOW!I had the bone In New York Strip and it sets the standard for all New York Strips that I've ever had.  The secret is the aging of the beef and the type of salt they use to age it with.  It was so tender, I could have cut it with a butter knife.The breads that are standard before the main course were incredible, four different types and all very tasty.  The Market Green Salad was excellent and the dessert, Blueberry Tarts, was terrific.Eating at this establishment is highly recommended.  The one thing I will let you know, this isn't an inexpensive place to eat.  Our total, with one alcoholic drink and one non alcoholic drink, set us back $210 before tip.  It is well worth it for the quality and quantity of food you get. The best for last here.......this establishment knows how to make the customer feel welcomed.  The complete staff was the best I've encountered in very long time.  Tip them at least 20%.....they deserve it.
5	My wife and I had dinner on Monday 6-3-13.  Unfortunately, my wife was still in training mode and could not eat most of the stuff on the menu.  I on the other hand, had just completed my training and was game for anything on the menu.  I opted for the Beef Wellington, as it had great reviews.  I was not dissappointed.  This has to be in the top two, or maybe even the top steak I have ever had.  The steak was sooooo tender that it just melted in your mouth everytime you took a bite.  The selection of dinner rolls was amazing as well.  Each pair of the 6 looked the same, but had different flavors.  Now as far as the Mac-n-cheese, I have had better.  But overall, I would have to give this place the 5 stars it deserves.
5	Excellence. Must try the onion soup.  Had beef Wellington, it's everything I'd hoped it'd be.
3	Beef Wellington tasty but wasn't amazing. Chicken perfectly cooked and had good flavor. Over priced menu, uninspired flavors nothing to really bring me back,, exciting vibrant atmosphere, incredible service.
5	Awesome!!!! Being a fan of his television shows i was hoping Ramsey would not disappoint me and he did not. In fact my wife and i left very impressed. We had a reservation walked in a bit early and were seated in a few minutes. We were seated in the main dining room with a nice view of everything and also the open kitchen. We were nicely greeted by our waiter and they placed a very nice bread basket and butter on he table. They explained to look through the ipad to select our drinks. This was simple enough to do and it is a nice touch. For appetizers my wife ordered shrimp cocktail which was very good. It came with a sauce that was different than classic cocktail sauce but tasted just like it. I ordered the pork belly appetizer and it was insanely delicious! For main entree the wife ordered Kobe skirt steak which was delicious. I ordered the beef wellington and it was excellent. We also share the truffle mac and cheese and it was full of truffle flavor and totally outrageous! We ordered the toffee pudding desert and it is off the charts fantastic and a must try! The service was incredible and the restaurant is all first class. I love the big red leather chair i was sitting in, just super classy. Loved everything about this place and even got to take a picture with hells kitchen winner Christina who was expediting that night. Everything was "spot on" perfect! Great job!!
4	We came here the night after our wedding day to celebrate us as Mr & Mrs. We love love love love the food. The complimentary basket of bread was amazing. Those breads were so tasty. All of them. I couldn't stop eating them, I was worried I wouldn't be able to eat my dinner. We also got an appetizer of Beef Tartar. Best Beef Tartar ever! It was so fresh and light. For main entrees, I ordered Beef Wellington & Jesse ordered the Rib Eye. They brought out the fresh meat cart and showed us beautiful cut of meats before we placed our order. We love our entrees. Those meats were cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. We don't normally splurge but once in a while we like to do that and this place is worth every penny. The only reason I can't give five stars is because of the atmosphere of the restaurant. It's more like a night club than a dining place. The music was too loud. You can't really have conversation here and it made it not a romantic place to dine out. They also have happy hour which we may try next time we are in Vegas. Unless, I will win some $$$ in casino, then we will have another dinner here :).
5	Everyone was right about what to order. Beef Wellington, Mac and cheese and the toffee dessert. I'll add 2 more. The ravioli with the egg yoke inside that adds a richness to the sauce when cut open is outstanding. My wife said the fois gras was the best she ever had. The service was incredible.
4	I went on June 5 2013 with my girlfriend to celebrate her birthday. This is the second time that we have been there. The first time we love it, it was perfect the food and service superb. This time we went to have the beef Wellington , the signature dish, it was delicious but not  a 5 star dish. Also the service was not good at all. It is a very expensive place for the type of service we received that night. I hope this place changes for the better.
1	Recently, my husband and I made a trip to Las Vegas. Since we are huge fans of Gordon Ramsay, we made reservations at his "Gordon Ramsay Steak" restaurant, in the Paris hotel.  My husband wrote a great review of our experience but it wouldn't fit here.  So this is the condensed version.  We had a reservation on a Thursday night for 8:15.  We arrived on time and were told by the woman in front that it would be 10-15 minutes.  Go wait in the bar.  No I'm sorry, nothing, not even a smile when we walked up to her.  We were later told by a manager her name was Danielle.We went into the bar and it was packed and had to stand.  15 minutes later a couple that had an 8:15 reservation left and we took their seats and ordered a drink.  My husband went to check with Danielle who held up her hand in an impatient "stop talking" manner,  and informed my husband "You are the next to be seated". Then immediately turned her back on him.Then the people next to us who had an 8:30 reservation were seated.  I got up to talk to Danielle who was quite rude to me as well and informed me that "someone" was in there looking for us.  Apparently when you arrive Danielle writes down what you look like and when it's your turn to be seated she gives your description to a young girl who has to come in an find you.Finally a young girl got us, at 9:00 for an 8:15 reservation.   I'm sure Danielle had forgotten about us and couldn't be bothered to apologize for her error.  We told the young woman you got us how displeased we were.  She had nothing to say and looked very uncomfortable.  We were seated and at this point I told my husband I just wanted to pay for our drinks and talk to the manager.  The waiter came and we told him, he apologized, first person to do so.  Then another man came up we told him the whole story, nope he was not the manager.  Finally the manager came up and by this time we were really upset.  He offered us a table near the kitchen.  There was no way I was going to spend several hundred dollars on dinner.  We had to repeat we just wanted our check, he comped us for the drinks.So be aware, reservations mean nothing at GR Steak. We watch all of Gordan's shows, he always preaches STANDARDS.  Apparently he needs to teach some to Danielle and the hostesses of GR steak.
3	Spent $200 on 2 ppl when u have a $200 dinner  u have high expectations. My Girl hated her steak it was dry the sauces they offered where nasty, My beef wellington was good but not great, the mac and cheese is hella dry ,,,, why?????? overall more hype... u pay for the environment and the way they serve the food. Will not return but will try Burgar next  time.
4	Okay well here is a place I have been waiting to go to since the day it opened.  I have watched every one of Gordon's shows and I have always been curious about how good his food is after all the insults on other peoples food.  I can tell you that this place has the best beef wellington on the planet.  Why the 4 stars over a 5 star then?We arrived to the Paris hotel on 6/8/13 after my wedding for what I wanted to be the most magical ending to our night.  I had a reservation for 9pm and after all the great reviews I assumed we would be sat right at 9pm.  Wrong!  we were told by the very skinny hostess to wait in the lounge until our table was ready.  We figured okay it won't be that long and we can get a look at the menu while we are in there.  10 minutes goes by and we now know what we want but still no drink service.  After the 10 minute mark the waitress arrives to take drink orders.  I ask for the Inis and Gunn Stout (Gordon's favorite beer from Scotland) and I ask if it is a draft or bottled beer.  She looks at me as if she had never heard of such a beer which was quite shocking since the girl gets an average $50-$100 tip per check probably and should know the drink menu forward and backward.  Especially working in the lounge!  She had to ask the bartender what that was and she came back and told me it was a draft.  Whew problem diverted!  After another 10 minutes of waiting I went back outside and asked the hostess what we need to do to get sat and she said they would come in and get us.  I go back inside but now I don't even want a beverage and I feel like my wedding night is going to end on a sour note.  I see the hostess walking around the lounge holding a piece of paper in the air looking for the next guests to be sat.  Seemed pretty tacky!  I had asked the hostess how long it was going to be and she said that our table needed to be cleaned and the people there needed to get up.  Well thank God they did after 30 minutes of waiting and we were finally greeted by the hostess to be sat.  They were so oblivious to our 30 minute wait and went right into their rehearsed "We now take your from Paris to London" bit which made us all laugh at how corny and fake it was.  Finally sat upstairs my best man notices that his seat has been totally worn out like someone had taken sandpaper to it and took all the fabric off.  It looked like a seat you might see at an old diner on route 66 or something.  Our server arrived and she was as nice as they come and so was our busser who was from Africa. He brought us so much water and bread that was out of this world.  We got a bottle of wine which was delivered in a very classy way by another super friendly gentleman and I got the Inis and Gunn Stout and couldn't be happier.  We knew what we all wanted so 3 of us got the Beef Wellingtons and the my wife got the 8oz. American Kobe Filet.  The other girls got salmon and a seafood sampler.  We decided to get 6 sides which were more than enough and we tested everything from mac and cheese, fingerling potatoes, cream of spinach and so on.  All of it was out of this world good, but the entrees were near perfection in every way.  You could cut our meats with a fork it was that tender.  When it was all said and done we didn't have any room for the famous sticky toffee pudding so take note that even though the items are a la carte it doesn't mean you need to over indulge.  If it wasn't for the second half of our night and the African gentleman whose name I didn't get, the wine manager, and our waitress Jonel (name?) it would have been a lost everning and one I would love to forget.  I so badly wanted to give this place a 5 star and hopefully the front of the house issues will be resolved very soon.
4	Had a reservation for 9:15 pm. It was very easy to find through the Paris casino. Greeted and seated very quickly,  shown the "chandelier" which was a very cool idea. Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff. The service was what I expected, very alert, my water glass never went half way empty. I ordered the ricotta ravioli, she ordered the pea soup. For entrees I ordered the beef wellington and she had the kobe skirt steak. For sides we selected the grilled mushrooms and a stuffed potato. I was disappointed that the risotto was not available to order on its own. The only way to try it was ordering the hells kitchen pre-fix menu, and at $145 per person I did not want to try it that bad. With the exception of the pea soup, all the food was very good as expected. The peas soup was more like a puree of peas with a very earthy taste and the carrot jello-like thing in the middle was much too large for the bowl. For drinks we only tried the pink cocktail, with acai and blue berries. I did not try it but she said it was very good.The ravioli was a single piece which actually was filling, eaten one piece at a time. Very cool how an egg yoke comes out when its broken. The wellington was good, the meat was cooked perfectly, everything else (breading and filling) seemed a bit messy for my taste but was tasty. The mushrooms had very good flavor but I would have like more caps than stems. The kobe steak was very good. The skirt meat was fatty but so flavorful. The stuffed potato was huge, enough for 2 people maybe even 3-4 depending on how much you eat.  The 2 things I did not expect and did not like about this restaurant were: 1) there were diners in jeans and tank tops, flip flops, t-shirts, and shorts. This really killed any idea of this being a fancy restaurant. They should require some kind of dress code or at least collared shirts and slacks. 2) The music was way too loud, I could not have a normal conversation with the person sitting across from me. We had to raise our voice way too much.Overall the experience was good. With the many choices in Vegas I will most likely not come here again but it was cool to try just to say I have.
4	OK so let me set the scene...  I was a solo diner.  I have wanted to go forever to this restaurant and it was my birthday weekend.  Friends are coming to celebrate it July 4th weekend, so this left me on my own and I said 'I am doing this!'.  I was thrilled that via Open Table Steak easily accepted a reservation for 1 (which is not the case everywhere).  As others have said the hostess, seating situation, is a bit of train wreck.  As a solo diner they asked if I would be comfortable sitting at the bar, I asked if it was crowed and they said 'Yes packed.'  So I said nope not interested.  They told me to check back in 30 minutes then.  I do exactly that and was seated pretty quickly.  For me, eating alone, it was a great seat... at the base of the stairs, so lots of people watching I loved it!!!  Started with a dirty martini with the sickest olives ever...  blue cheese, bacon and onion YUMMMMMM!  Onto the spring mix salad which was very tasty and light and also my servers suggestion.  As a solo dinner I didn't want to order too much food ya know.  Onto main course...  Rib Cap (my favorite cut of meat), Mac and Cheese and Brussels Sprouts.  Rib cap was delish, although I like Scarpetta's better.  Mac and Cheese was amazing but I have a weakness for pasta with spring peas.  Brussels sprouts were really good, but the pieces of bacon were huge!  Left little room for a lot of sprouts, to the point where when i had eaten all the sprouts there was still half a container of bacon ( I didn't eat the bacon, to me it is there for flavor during the saute process).  Dessert was the sticky pudding that everyone raves about on here and it worth the rave, as is the french press coffee.  All in all the food was a Vegas steak house...   The service was excellent and the finishing touches and details were lovely.  Thank you Matthew (my attentive server) for a great night at a lovely restaurant.
5	Service - 5 stars!!! Very welcoming, attentive and knew how to time everything right without me asking for anything.Food - Seafood platter was great but the portions were small but every bite was yummy, it's served on shaved ice to give it appeal and it's massiveness. Beef Wellington was off the charts! Perfect medium rare, pastry was light and flaky.Bone morrow was like beef fat from a ribeye, take a piece from that and combine it with a slice off the beef Wellington and you're in heaven.Mac and cheese was 1st class flavor!Potato fingerlings was seasoned well and truffle oil was present in the taste. Overall we spent 300 on 2 people and I am willing to come back for more!
5	My husband and I are fans of the Gordon Ramsey television shows. We planned a trip to Las Vegas for our anniversary.  My husband surprised me with reservations to Gordon Ramsey's Steak. After reading reviews, I knew it would be excellent. To say it was excellent would be an understatement. It was incredible! The food was definitely the "star" of the restaurant. However, we found the service was fantastic. Our waiter, Matthew, was very helpful and informative.  It didn't hurt that he was a doll either! In fact, the entire staff was attractive and professional. The beef Wellington was the best thing I have put in my mouth.  And running a very close second was the sticky toffee pudding with the brown sugar ice cream.  Amazing!  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone wanting to experience a truly memorable dinner. I only had one gripe, and it was with one of the hostesses. The day before our reservations, we just happened to be in Paris, and walked over to the restaurant, just to look at the menu, AGAIN, and get a sneak peek inside.  The hostess looked at us with a blank stare, and we Told her that we would be having dinner there the next night.  She didn't say a word and proceeded to look down and continue texting on her phone. She wasn't there the night we went so I didn't have to deal with her rudeness! All in all, GREAT! Hope this helped!
4	I've been in here for my birthday, 24th. of April.Made the reservation 2 days prior to date.When in there we were welcomed by the maitre d'(i supposed), and he told us to have a sit near the bar?Ok, We ordered some drinks, I took something strong, a Balvenie in anticipation for the gastronomic wonder about to happen.The waiter was more than ok, willing to show us all the secrets in how to surprise our eager taste buds.We were served with different types of bread, though a little bit on the sweet side for me, very tasty.Foccacia at least was oily.I had for the entree Kobe beef sliders and my wife had the foie gras.By far the best burgers I ever had.Chunks of beef full of flavor topped with caramelized onion.Simple and amazing.My wife she wasn't impressed by the foie gras, the fact that was rear and warm made it a little bit too greasy.I tasted it and again, full of flavors, the strawberry jam acid calming down the "greasy" sensation.Probably we should order it medium done and cold?For the main I had the New York strip and my wife(being a fan of Hell's kitchen) had the Wellington beef, along with some sauteed mushrooms and fingerling poatoes as sides.Amazing?Heavenly?I really can't describe the feeling.For the dessert we chose to go with the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream and it turned out to be a wonderful way to end up a amazing meal, so thank you Gordon!It's been our pleasure!   Highly reccomend!
4	Gordon Ramsay, I love you but only four stars for this one & not because of the food. The hostesses are not very kind and the waiter (wish I remembered his name) was not that great either. The guys helping out were awesome so hopefully they got an good chunk of the tip. We had a little too much to drink before we arrived and wanted to stick with water for the meal... um, the "still" water was $9 a bottle (which we didn't realize until the bill came). Really?! Anyway, the food was TO DIE FOR which is why I feel bad only giving four stars but if the service sucks, your not five star worthy. For the price of the meal, one would think they would treat you a little better, you know?
4	Service was outstanding.  Drinks were great.  And the food was top notch!  My only complaint is simple: the tables for two are literally sitting on top of one another.  I felt like I was eating with another couple and privacy was nil.  But it was loud so that helped.  Bring a few extra bucks, its Vegas and a celebrity chef!  But worth every penny to say "We have been to GRS".
5	My husband had the short rib I had the Wellington perfectly cooked service was great
5	We built up a lot of excitement about going to this place due to our love of Gordon Ramsey (I know, I know...) and it didn't disappoint! My husband and I both had the beef wellington and then we shared the truffle mac & cheese. All of it was awesome and we were stuffed. You could probably just share the wellington, depending on your appetite but it's very filling. The ambiance is fun and the waiters are knowledgeable. If you are a fan of Ramsey and the empire he has built, you will surely appreciate this place. The prices are pretty steep, but considering the quality of the steaks and restaurant in general, it didn't seem that atrocious in comparison to other Las Vegas restaurants.
5	Words cannot describe the intense deliciousness of the food here. While I agree with other reviewers that $9/bottle for still water is absurd and the hostess is a bit off-putting, the quality of the food and its preparation just blew me away. Get the Beef Wellington. Seriously. It's so unbelievably tender and amazing; by far the best beef I've ever had in my entire life. There are no vegetarian options on the menu (it's a steakhouse after all) but a vegetarian could make a wonderful meal just from the side dishes. I went with 3 other diners and we each got a side: fingerling potatoes (they are the most AMAZING potatoes you will eat...perfectly roasted, delightfully salted, and you can definitely taste the truffle), mac & cheese (I imagine this is what they serve in heaven), caramelized  Brussels sprouts (very good), and the loaded baked potato. Skip the loaded baked potato in favor of the fingerlings. Double up on the mac & cheese. Heck, order a second Beef Wellington to go. I wish I had!Edited to add: We were really full and going to pass on dessert, but the waiter said the Sticky Toffee Pudding would be life changing. He was correct. For those who care about ambiance, I thought this was a great place. It's intimate enough for a romantic date yet lively enough for a group. The music was set at a very good volume - loud enough to be noticeable and enjoyable and keep you from overhearing the people at the next table, not so loud that you have to shout to people at your own table.
4	Pretty darn good food in general. And our servers were top notch. Steaks are amazing. Best Beef Wellington I've ever had and so very flavorful skirt steak. I don't know which is better. The wine is over priced. But my $28 glass of Cabernet tasted great.I would eat here again but next time I would pass on the butter poached lobster tail and loaded baked potato. The lobster was OK but not worth the $38 for 4 inches of tail. That's $10 per bite. And the baked potato was no better than I could do at home. Very skimpy on the toppings.
3	The pros: The steaks were of good quality, our server was very well informed, cocktail and wine list was fantastic and the  ambiance was sexy and hip.  The cons: The brussel sprouts were greasy and disgusting.  The large 2 inch pieces of fat were rather unappetizing, the whipped potatoes looked like soup, the loaded baked potato was unique- not in a good way and the desserts were butter overkill. I expected more from Chef Ramsay.  I felt like this was less of a gourmet culinary experience and more of a mainstream financial tourist trap.
4	As avid foodie fans of Gordon Ramsay, and not landing a reservation in his London restaurants, we set our sights on the ever growing culinary carnival of Las Vegas. Our expectations were high, and we were not disappointed.  Nestled in the Paris casino, you are first guided by your hostess through a contemporary neon tunnel (arduously described in unnecessary detail of how it represents the tube in London.) The decor itself was comfortably simplistic.  Cocktails were perfectly built and presented in stylish glassware. The sleek and balanced silverware indicated an attention to detail appreciated by my party.The "Hell's Kitchen" tasting menu was offered, and although cliche, included everything my friend wanted to try.  We almost hit a snag when they informed us that the entire table must order the tasting menu, which in a restaurant of this size and at full capacity, I was at a loss to understand the reasoning, other than feeling a bit gouged. But, if looked upon as entertainment, we all wanted to see the show, and set out on the prix fixe excursion together. Christopher, our waiter added the right amount of sardonic wit that complimented the food with flair. The staff was attentive and professional without being pretentious. The dinner itself was outstanding, perfectly prepared, and full of flavor, particularly the Beef Wellington.  Although I thought it was a bit exorbitant, the experience is one I would recommend to anyone at least once.
3	Have been wanting to try this place ever since it opened up 1 year ago. My reservation was for 6:15pm. We were directed to the lounge where we waited 15 minutes to be seated in the main room. My friends and I were very hungry and wondered why have reservations if they do not even keep them. The steak I had was the bone-in ribeye. It was delicious, do not get me wrong, but it was very fatty.  A lot of fat on a piece of steak that cost me $60. I expected more eatable meat so that I may actually get full off my meal, when in actuality, I was still wanting more because of all the fat that was in my steak. Good for a one time try, but would I go again...probably not.
5	Everything I ordered are absolutely delicious from pork belly appetizer that just melts in your mouth, foie gras that is absolutely Devine! And the enormous wine selection.... If you like Rhone they have lots to choose from, I ordered beef Wellington, and this is actually the fort time I had it, I like my steak plane and simple and its actually not bad.... My husband had a fillet with foie gras and he really enjoy it!
2	I felt I was robbed and had to write to let somebody know.  I was a great fan of Gordon Ramsey shows, so I was looking forward to tasting his restaurant and I also saw Christina win and be the chef of the steak house.  So when I had some out of town guests I decided to try it out.  That was a letdown.  I didn't mind the "Stefford Wives" hostesses even the presentation of the raw steaks which I thought rather tacky. Appetizers were good but small, we had the fried oysters (3 pieces) 1 raviolo, and Hamachi crudo the sides were not even, mac and cheese was the only good one, the mushrooms were not edible, too hard and fibrous.  Then came the entrees it was the worse steak I ever had.  Sizzler's was probably better and costs a forth of the price.  I had the 32 oz ribeye medium and tasted burned I could not eat it, I asked our arrogant waiter Freddy to change it as all I could taste was burned meat and he refused saying that is how the steaks are cooked and pointed to the pink center which he said is how I ordered it and the new steak will come out the same.  Since I had guests I did not want to make a scene. The sauce he recommended was the house made sauce which he said was the most popular but all it tasted like was A-1sauce.  Besides the steak we also ordered Beef Wellington another disappointment.  The crust was soggy with the beef blood and was so bland, we even had to ask for gravy as he did not bring any.  The Fish and Chips was ok but costs $42.  Gordon Ramsey, this was kitchen nightmare and I felt like you yelling at the chefs.  We went to Bouchon the next day to get my steak and fritte fix, they never disappoint.
4	It was fun to go to one of Ramsey's restaurants! The food lived up to our expectations and the service was great too! My fish and chips still had their tails, which was kind of gross, but it tasted good! Definitely overpriced, but we knew that going in.
1	This place is not worth it! Don't come here! If I had the chance to yell at the chef like Gordon does I would! Go next door to the food court the pizza is much better and you won't spend an arm and a leg! I'd give my arm to have this 45 mins back and go to the pizza line!
4	Service was great, wine list spectacular, although note to restaurants,  please offer a printed version of the iPad menu.  The iPads in Vegas are slow and tough to navigate.  Get yourself a new menu provider.  What a waste!We had the Beef Wellington, which was a perfectly cook Filet.  However, the crust soon fell apart, although light and flaky in the beginning.I've found that the more expensive the restaurant, the higher the expectations, the less chance you have of feeling you got your money's worth.  Of course, I haven't eaten at every restaurant in Vegas, but for the 6 or 7 high-end places I've been, I have always been disappointed.  I've had better luck in SF, LA, NYC, Florence, Paris, Rome, and believe it or not, Richmond, Virginia.
5	Love it !!! Pricey yes...it's Vegas strip but everything was perfect , I can't stop thinking about the foei gras and lobster chorizo, my son had the American Kobe skirt mmmh tender, hubby and I shared the porterhouse for two soooo tender and the toffee pudding was outstanding ! Service was excellent , hostess was Ackward ......I guess they have to explain to guests about the stories behind the decorations but anyway everything else is great !!! We left happy we would come back for another special occasion the three of us bill was 350 so 420 included tips and we didn't drink ;) so yeah....just for special occasion !
5	The beef wellington was amazing; cooked to perfection, so tender I could of used my butter knife.  The surprise of the night was the Sticky Toffee Pudding desert... it was UnF@&king real.  I would of licked the plate if there weren't so many people around. Get one to go if you're full but you MUST get one!  Great dinner, great ambiance, amazing food, will definitely visit again.
5	Amazing way to spend our one year anniversary! We will return if we ever get the chance! The food was delicious! The service was fantastic. Order the beef tartar and do not... I repeat do not miss out if the sticky toffee cake! You will not regret trying Gordon Ramsey Steak!
4	Went there last Saturday for dinner with my Mom. My overall experience was great. Did not have any problems with the reservations. Staff were very nice from the hostess up to the waiter its A+. Very knowledgable and explained every dish they served. Bread and Butter-- they gave us a variety of breads. Its not your typical french bread. Loved the cheesy bread, and the roll with pancetta. It comes with butter topped with sea salt (from hawaii) which is quite good. We had pimms cup (sparkling lemonade) for our cocktail, and it was very good. Very refreshing for a hot Vegas weather. It comes with a slice of cucumber, apple, orange and a couple of blueberries. Perfect cocktail for non-alcoholic drinker.Salads-- i got the ceasars salad with scotch egg. It was good but i forgot to mention to go light on the dressing since i dont really like too much on my salad. Wished they put more eggs (quail egg) and not just a tiny piece on the plate. Loved the garlic croutons but the dressing is just overpowering for me.Ahi Tuna-- my Mom loved it. I tasted a little bit of it. The tuna was perfectly seared. Very light dressing. I loved it.We did not order any other appetizers since we want to enjoy our entree right away. 32oz bone-in rib-eye--- Hah!!! Very good. Very tasty. Very big! It was my mom's order but i ended up eating some of it. I prefer my steak medium and my mom liked it medium rare. I did enjoy the part that was seared but the rest of it was pretty raw for me. It has more fat than i expected. Beef Wellington-- ordered this one to get the taste of his signature dish. It was ok for me. The beef was perfectly cooked, and tender. the pastry was very flaky. It comes with potato puree and some root veggies. I think the red wine sauce was over reduced because some solidified on my plate. It was ok but i will probably order another dish next time. We wanted to have dessert but we are so full. Overall it was a great experience. Thanks for my fellow yelpers advising to order just the tap water than thr still water. It saved me $9. And also you may want to get a Total Rewards Card from them since they give you a much lower price if you have it.
3	1) We came here hoping that we could see Christina Wilson (winner of Hells Kitchen Season 10) in action. But we were disappointed to find out that she wasnt around that day. Apparently, she hops between the 3 GR restaurants in vegas (burger, steak, pub & grill) so we gotta be lucky to catch her.2) We ordered the maine lobster and foie gras appetiser. Both were beautifully cooked and we absolutely loved it. The foie gras is a must order! (ok unless you're one of the anti foie gras activitists)3) The entrees were extremely disappointing. We ordered the 24oz bone in rib eye and the signature roasted beef wellington, both in medium rare. The rib eye was way overcooked, and it was served more like medium well than medium rare. Also, we didnt find it to be very well cooked or had anything special. No sauce, nothing. Just take a piece of steak and grill it. I could probably do that on my own.The beef wellington was slightly disappointing. Not to say that it wasnt perfectly cooked - it sure was. But given all the hype and expectations about it built from watching Hells Kitchen, it just didn't wow us. I guess it is one of those dishes that feels more like an accomplishment to cook perfectly but not as much to taste.4) We were pretty full from the less than stellar entrees, but still had to make room for dessert after all the raving reviews about the Sticky Toffee Pudding. We were definitely not disappointed. This dessert is definitely a must try.Overall, I would definitely come back here for the apps and desserts, but definitely not for the entree. I'm giving this a 3 stars because as a steak house, they really failed at the steak.
3	My husband and I are huge fans of Gordon Ramsey. We watch all of his shows, especially Hell's Kitchen. We were vacationing in Vegas for the first time and just had to visit one of Ramsey's restaurants. I picked this one because they served dishes from Hell's Kitchen. However, the dishes could only be ordered from a tasting menu, a very expensive menu. I think about $145 per person. Ridiculous. I had the Market Green Salad. Not impressed. I had to get the beef wellington. It was delicious. My husband got the American Rib Cap. That was also really good. No dessert. We were too full. But I didn't find the dessert list that interesting.I didn't like was the fact that we couldn't order the risotto because it was on the tasting menu. If you're going to serve dishes from Hell's Kitchen, why force us to order everything else on that menu and pay $145 per person? Also, lobster capellini was not on the list.  I found it weird that they brought out the steaks to show us what they looked like before we ordered. Seemed a bit cheesy. The decor wasn't all that great.The Yelp review says attire is Dressy but there were people there in jeans...However, the food was great. Service was great. I'm not sure I would return unless they lower the price on the Hell's Kitchen menu.
3	Went here for dinner last Wednesday night to treat myself to an Early birthday dinner. Have been waiting about a year to try this restaurant, so my expectations were pretty high.My husband and I had reservations for 6:15pm. We arrived a few minutes before to check in. The hostess verified our reservation and directed us to our table. as soon as the door opened it was if we walked into a loud nightclub. The combination of guest noise plus the loud rock music playing created a very loud environment. Definitely not on par with other Vegas steakhouses with their quiet jazzy vibe. The hostess before seating us pointed to the ceiling which had a squiggly mess of neon lines on the ceiling. She described that it was the hand movements of Chef Ramsay making a beef Wellington. Were we supposed to be impressed like it was a Picasso painting? It looked like something a 2 year old scribbles on paper with a crayon. Had to be one of the stupidest things I've ever seen in a restaurant.We were seated at our tiny table. One thing of note is that the tables are open with no privacy, fairly small, and right next to the people next to you. Definitely not a place for a romantic date. It didn't matter. It was so loud i could hardly talk with my husband anyway. The waiter greeted us promptly and went over the menu in detail, and also handed us an I-pad type menu which had all of the cocktails and drinks on it. This was actually pretty neat. They then proceeded to bring us the bread plate. Had a combination of Bread with lemon infused olive oil, a small roll that had bacon in it which was interesting and another regular type bread. It came with a side of Devon shire butter topped with volcanic sea salt. Overall pretty good.The waiter came back with our drinks. I tried the HK antioxidant cocktail with Veev Acai Liqueur, lemon and blueberries. Very tasty with a kick. Our waiter then rolled in with a cart displaying all of the cuts of steak. they were displayed in a circle with a mirror behind each one to fully see the cut. Unique and kind of cool. It was just very difficult to hear the waiter, once again due to the blaring music. Can't stress enough how loud it was.We first ordered the appetizer of steak tartar. This was pretty good. It comes smoked with a quail egg and alongside yukon gold potato chips. Ended up ordering the specialty, which is the Beef Wellington. It came out cooked a perfect medium rare. The quality was delicious, had a layer of foie gras around the steak followed by a delicate flaky crust. Served with root veggies and a demi-glaze sauce. My husband had the 24 oz. Ribeye. Again excellent quality, delicious and cooked and seasoned perfectly. For the sides we got the fingerling potatoes which were pretty good, nothing really special. The Parmesan crusted truffle mac-n-cheese however was like some kind of addicting crack. So delicious, just could not get enough. And last but not least had the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert. One of the best desserts ever. It comes out warm with a small container of warm toffee caramel sauce to pour over the top. It comes with a mound of brown butter vanilla ice cream shaped like a stick of butter. This dessert was the bomb. Mouth Orgasm is all i can say!!Overall the food delicious, savory and cooked perfectly. The waitstaff was friendly and knowledgeable, however it was very hard to hear them and sort of lagged on waiting on us later in the meal. So just slightly above average service wise. Ambiance horrible for a steakhouse. Extremely loud with the music. Also make sure to get regular water at the beginning. They try to trick you into "flat" or "sparkling" which is 9 bucks a bottle, and they don't tell you that up front. The restaurant just tries too hard to be edgy and new age. Unfortunately it doesn't work well at all for a fancy steakhouse. Definitely could not have a romantic quiet evening at this place. For the money you spend, you can do so much better at any number of steakhouses in town. Hugo's Cellar, Del Frisco's, Top of the World all have food that is just as good or better, much better waitstaff and customer service, and above all 10 times better ambiance for a upscale steakhouse. Over-hyped for the most part due to the chef.
3	Well. We all know who Gordon Ramsey is, right? Best restaurant owner in the business... maybe? The food was good. For what it is worth, I was truly expecting more. I am from the NYC -Philly area so I know good food.. and maybe my expectations were too high, but I thought the food was super mediocre. The bread was off the hook, but my chicken was relatively bland. I also got the kobe beef sliders and they were delicious. My husband got a $50 steak and they gave him the crappiest knife ever. Seriously, you could have the perfect steak, but with a crappy knife you can't really enjoy it. Sounds weird until you go to some locations that allow you to choose the knife.As a business owner I was super attentive to the staff and cleanliness. The restaurant was spotless. So clean. The staff... well lets split that up. The front desk staff consisted of 5 girls and they were pretty worthless as far as help goes. We had a reservation made two weeks in advance and we were sat about 25 minutes late which is a shame, but can be forgiven. The girls just seemed to stand there with no clue about much and a snobby attitude. Once we got seated I was impressed with the structure that was created for all of the waiters and waitresses to follow. I couldn't believe how they were so well trained and maintained their professionalism [even when we told our waiter he could relax because we aren't stuffy at all and were just there to relax]. So I would love to talk to Gordon about his curriculum for that!Other negative - It was extremely cold and extremely loud in there.So, 3 stars I think is a fair rating for this high end restaurant!
3	We went to Gordon Ramsay Steak with high expectations, and I was writing the five star review in my head before even stepping foot in the restaurant, but sadly it was no better than three stars (maybe 3.5). Here are some of my observations:Pros:- From a visual standpoint the restaurant is very chic and modern which I liked.- They give you three types of bread, and all were good.- Our waiter was excellent and recommended that I get the 8oz rib cap over the 24oz bone-in rib eye because, even though they were the same price and 24 is always better than 8 (ha), I would be spending my time cutting around the bone instead of just enjoying a quality piece of meat. He was right, the rib cap was delicious and when I asked about ordering a sauce he told me to try the steak first and order a sauce only if I felt it needed something. That was nice as he could have easily told me to order a sauce to pad the bill.- My wife's Beef Wellington was excellent, very tender and flavorful.- The sticky toffee pudding was very good. We didn't find it mind blowing like some of the other reviewers on here, but it was a nice way to end the night.Cons:- The music is WAY too loud. I knew about this from the reviews here before coming, but I wasn't expected to be blasted by songs from the UK for two hours which made it a tad difficult to have a normal conversation.- The Hell's Kitchen tasting menu is $145/person and if you decide to order that everyone in your party has to get it. Huh? One of us would have probably tried it out, but not both of us.- Their wines by the glass are limited and I wasn't impressed with my $14 glass of cab. Disappointing.- If you're paying $$$ for a meal there is a level of expectation that service will be exemplary, but I found the service overall to be just ok. It took a bit for the bread to come out (we were there at least 15mins before being served bread), we had to refill our water glasses ourselves...it was a number of little things that added up.The most disappointing part of the meal is that we found the steaks were salted way more than they should have been. I adore salt but after eating my steak (and some of my wife's) I felt lethargic from salt overload and we were going to skip dessert because of it, but we really wanted to try the sticky toffee pudding. Gordon Ramsay on Hell's Kitchen is always berating the chef's if they don't properly season their food, so I was surprised that they used way too much salt than was needed.While I'm glad I got the chance to come here for dinner because I'm a fan of watching Gordon on Hell's Kitchen, there are just too many other steak places in Las Vegas that offer a better experience for the same price. Gordon Ramsay Steak had a chance to wow me, but sadly the over-salting of the food, limited wines by the glass, and just ok service means we won't be back.
4	I had the rib cap steak because that part of a ribeye is my favorite.  I was good, but not worth the price.  Mac and cheese and the breads were fantastic and the sticky toffee pudding is the best thing I have ever put in my mouth!  The noise level from the British rock blaring is unacceptable, though, and there was too much "explaining."  They explained the hokum of the Chunnel and the ceiling art, then they explained the meat, then they explained the bread.  All in all a nice dinner, I want more dessert!
5	Hands down the best steakhouse I've been to in Vegas! Romantic and classy atmosphere. Very dim lighting. *This is place is packed, so reserve weeks ahead! We were lucky to get a 10pm seating when we called 3 days ahead, which is very late but we weren't rushed to finish our foods. A lot of people were still dining here even when we left around 11:30-12.Service was excellent and professional. Our waiter put our napkins on our laps. Everything came out at a nice speed. Easy to flag down someone if you need something.Everything we ordered was really good! Even the complimentary breads were yummy! Bone Marrow- salty fatty goodnessBone-In Rib Eye- so tender and juicy, very big portion!Beef Wellington- omg this was so soft and melt-in-your-mouth good! Must order!Fingerling potatoes- mm truffled flavorWe also ordered a half bottle of Pinor Noir- Domaine Drouhin (2010). Our waiter gave a small tasting of the wine to make sure we liked it.We didn't finish all the food we ordered and took a good amount of food to-go. We were so stuffed! We spent a little over $200, but less than $250 which was expected. Definitely a place you would want to splurge! And not worry about the bill.
5	While I would not say that this was the BEST i've had in vegas... it is literally one of 3 of my favorite places there.  I was equally impressed with Ramsay's Pub & Grill, (not so much with Burgr), during our work-cation in Vegas.The staff is polite, and they even have a "porter" designated to a few tables along with a waiter/waitress to make sure you never have clutter or run out of water.  They come around with a cut cart, so you can see all the cuts and types of steaks/ veal. And like the other two restaurants, the convenient beverages on the ipad idea in stead of the bulky menu. We had the Pork Belly to start, which was quite tasty.  Hubby had the the American Rib Cap, and I had the American Skirt - very highly recommend.  We split the Sticky Toffee Pudding- slightly different than the one at the pub and grill and just as awesome!
5	Wow... just wow!  From atmosphere to service to food to everything else you might want to quantify in a restaurant review, Gordon Ramsay's delivered!I have eaten in many, many fine steakhouses from NYC, to San Francisco to Vegas to right here in the Queen City of Charlotte and Ramsay's is the equal of most of them and better than some.  Was in LV for my son's 21st birthday and this was our big splurge meal on night one in town.We started with the chilled seafood tower which was shrimp, lobster, king crab, clams, oysters, mussels served atop an awesome ice sculpture with a number of dipping sauces.  Every bit of the seafood was fresh and delicious!  For our entree, we got the porterhouse for two and it was huge, sliced for us and cooked to a perfect medium rare, just as requested.  They also split a loaded baked potato for us and we tried the very grown up tasting truffled mac and cheese and they both were superb.  For dessert, you're kidding right?  No way, no how did we have room for that...  Would come back here any time!!
2	Mediocre steak house. Pretentious service. Don't let them seat you upstairs. Many better choices in Vegas.
5	Gordon Practices what he preaches boy.  Place was incredible.  Please check out my blog for a post of the full experience.  mvfoodguy.com
3	Was at a conference at the Paris, took the opportunity to eat At Gordon Ramsay Steak. On the plus side, they were very accommodating about our having to change our reservation time, and Chef Christina was in the kitchen. We felt being stopped by our hostess for the obligatory description of the neon sculpture in the ceiling was unnecessary, and a bit pretentious. When seated we were asked if we wanted "still" or sparkling water. We chose "still" thinking it was regular water in a glass rather than a fizzy mineral water. Nope. $9 a bottle. We felt a little set up. Dinner was delicious, I had Loupe De Mer, my companion the Beef Wellington.  Especially loved the roasted carrots with crispy chicken skin/ranch powder/wing sauce, and the sticky toffee pudding share for dessert. The big downside: we sat for  a LONG time with finished plates after each course. Wait staff continually passed us and noticed, but no one picked up the plates. While over all, this was a pleasant experience, I expected to be wowed by both cuisine and service. The vibe leaned slightly toward predatory rather than gracious. I wanted over the top amazing, which, after all is what GR is known for...right?
5	Gordon Ramsay is the Real Deal! Everything from the service to the FOOD was amazing. There really are no words that can describe how absolutely wonderful the food was except just WOW.I had the best experience here, I was fortunate enough to have the opportunity to try the special spring hells kitchen tasting menu which was absolutely excellent. I strongly recommend everyone to go to this steakhouse if you  ever get the chance.
5	Amazing amazing amazing! We have been to several high end steakhouses in Vegas and this is by far one of the best if not the best. I originally wanted to try STK and when they wouldn't confirm our reservation we decided to try Gordon Ramsay. I am so glad we did. The service was amazing and the food was even better! The ambiance was perfect. Definitely made our anniversary dinner special. I would highly recommend. It is worth every penny!
5	Smoked Beef TarTar is really good with the chips they pair it with. Beef Wellington was how i dreamt it would be. Got introduce to a good Stout called Innis and Gunn, ha d great company, it was as good as it gets for me.
5	I had the most wonderful experience at this steak house in Las Vegas.  The food was beyond superb and every culinary delight was perfect.More importantly was Denny Michaels. He was our waiter extroidqnaire. His knowledge and service were top notch.  He made the experience fantastic with his personality as well as his knowledge.  Definitely ....a must.  DENNY MICHAELS ....THE BEST. !!!!!!!
1	This steakhouse was a  hellish disappointment.  The music was so loud, I had to scream at my date or not talk at all.  Normally I order a nice bottle of napa valley wine to go with my meal.Well with the music so loud, I lost my desire to indulge. So they lost a $150 plus sale. I ordered a $14.00 cocktail. The blue bread dishes had smudges on it.  I ordered by steak medium, it came out rare and over salted.  Then the song Anarchy by the Sex Pistols came on , so I felt guilty eating a $50 piece of meat.  The side dishes came in tin cups, like the ones my toddlers used play with.  The loaded baked potato was unloaded and flavorless. They did not offer fresh black pepper on my caesar salad. The waiters had arrogant attitudes, like we shouldn't complain, because this a Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  I have experienced and tasted way better steak meals in Vegas. My meal experience would have been a great tv episode. Maybe Gordon shoud have been in the kitchen.
5	There was no hesitation whatsoever giving Gordon Ramsay Steak 5 stars. The wait staff, the atmosphere, the food... Everything was amazing and top class.The Steak!- The Bone-in Rib Eye was outstanding- The Kobe American Rib Cap was one of the best pieces of meat I have ever tastedThis Steak was soooo good that I literally did a Steak Dance in my seat!The Sides- Roasted Heirloom Carrots with chicken skin, ranch powder and hot wing sauce were one of my favorite sides. Something different and Very good!- Mac & Cheese with blue, cheddar, parmesan and truffle was very good- Fingerling Potatoes with parmeson and truffle were just alright, I would skip these next timeDessert- Don't even waste your time looking at the menu because I'll tell you what you NEED to get and that is the Sticky Toffee Pudding. WOW, this was amazing I could have ordered about 20 more of them. It doesn't matter how full you are after your meal you will make room for this masterpiece!
5	Amazing fine dining experience. Good selection of alchohol, cocktails, wine. Food is great.
5	I want to thank the management staff for having us back and correcting the problems we had whe we fisrt visited.  Our service from Mike has been point on.The scotish egg was very tasty and don't forget to eat them with the beats.  Changed the taste and texture of the dish.The maine lobster was very taste and the bisque broth  not only adds depth to the dish but very yummy to dip your bread in.The beef welington and ribeye were cooked perfectly.  Again we tried the mac and cheese and unlike last time it was very good.  The hubby especially like the crispy top of the mac and cheese.We will be returning!
5	This place was phenomenal!  We chose to order from the special Hells Kitchen Menu which offered a 5 course menu.  Let me just say it blew our minds!  From the quality of the food to the excellent service I would highly recommend this restaurant.  Yes it is pricey but well worth it.  If you decide to eat at this restaurant you have to try the bread pudding dessert (I forget its exact name).  It is the best dessert I have ever had in my entire life.  Seriously, try it.
5	Defiantly try it. It's different than I expected and very loud inside because of the size but the food is amazing. The beef Wellington is a must try!
5	My new husband and I went there for our wedding night celebration. Our reservation was at 7:45 pm and we got there at 7:15 pm and they seated us immediately. I started with something new for me, the Smoked Beef Tartare while hubby tried the Gnocchi. I can't believe how good this was! For our main course I had the Kobe Rib Cap and hubby had the Kobe Rib Filet, both in medium. For sides we shared the Grilled Asparagus and Fingerling Potatoes while hubby paired his steak with butter poached lobster tail. We savored every single bite! Because of previous reviews, we had to share the Sticky Toffee pudding, even though we were a bit full. We are both so glad we did! One of the most outstanding desserts I've ever had. Glad we went!
1	I would not recommend this place due to its lame services and overpriced food. I have been to several good restaurants in other places and was expecting at least similar level of services since I have been impressed with the shows of Gordon Ramsay. However, I was disappointed. The server was not available during the meal. He was not checking whether we wanted any more water for at least 20 minutes. I felt ignored and not happy. Secondly, the server left us with the Hell kitchen menu for at least 10-15 minutes. Also when we already wanted to check out, he still insist that we look at the desert menu. I will not come back to this place.
5	Let me tell you when I say I will definitely be coming back.  Let me tell you why... The experience, front to back, was excellent.  We get there 35  minutes early and head over to the bar to get a drink or two while we wait for our table. I don't understand that other persons comment about looking dumb standing there because no waitress came up to them.  Stupid... We just asked the nearest waitress if we could sit at this table ( we pointed at an  empty table)  and she said sure.  Easy!  Promptly at our 7 pm reservation time a waitress found us and escorted us to our table.  Now comes the real experience.  Our waiter,  Dennis,  was friendly, professional and casual all wrapped up in one.  He attended to our needs  without fault.  Matter in fact,  everyone there showed remarkable professionalism.  I had the Wellington for my main.  It was better than I expected.  My wife had the ahi  steak medium.  She said it was delish.  Although I was pretty stuffed,  mind you I'm a 250 lb  guy and yes I was pretty stuffed,  Dennis suggested the sticky toffee pudding.  That was one of the best desserts I've ever eaten.  Now, while all this is happening,  there's this meat rack cart rolling around.  My God,  the cuts of meat on there ,raw, made me drool.  Thus, the reason I'm going back is to sink my teeth into one of them humongous porter house steaks.  To top things off,I got to meet Christina, winner ofHells Kitchen  season 10.  Got to snap a photo with her and Dennis.  What an evening.  Definitely one to remember.  And,I got to share it all with my awesome wife.  We're both avid Gordon Ramsay  fans. I 100%  recommend this place to all.
1	Arrogant!  NOT A CUSTOMER FRIENDLY EXPERIENCE, nor a restaurant I would ever visit again.A group of us were looking forward to trying Gordon Ramsay's restaurant Stake for the first time on a recent visit to Las Vegas, we were very disappointed with what occurred. When we arrived in the not so busy restaurant we were sat at the bar for 5 min. before we were ushered to our table.  Once seated our waitress arrived with menus and a special VERY MUCH RECOMENDED tasting menu.  We discussed it and decided to try the tasting menu and wine pairing a $175 pp option not including tax or tip.  When we told the waitress that I do not eat beef (there was one item on the tasting menu that contained beef) and asked if we could have the chef substitute a fish dish or some other non-beef dish she flatly told us no.  We asked what if other four had the tasting menu and I would order instead off the menu, again we were told NO.  We asked to see the manager, a young lady came to the table and again said there is nothing they can do about this, she confirmed  it is true as few as two can share the tasting menu but it is served only to the entire table or nothing.  Because of this lack of accommodation and customer service we got up and left and all agreed never to go to another of Gordon Ramsay's establishments. What ever happened to the customer is always right?  This was a very disappointing experience and certainly a very customer unfriendly place. In this day and age it is amazing to find such a lack of customer concern, not to mention the $1000 meal they turned down, guess it is great to be independent and not need or care about business lost. I have but one word for the entire experience, Arrogant.
5	What an amazing experience.  First of all I highly recommend the Pimms as your cocktail of choice.  I had the beef wellington.  Phenomenal!!! My husband had the shirt steak and potatoe. He loved it but said he would order the Wellington next time.  And of course the sticky pudding.  It was fab! A must do for sure !
5	I was so in awe of this place!!!    I have been wanting to visit this restaurant since I saw the show!!!!  We had 5:30 reservations and were immediately greeted by a beautiful woman who escorted us through the tunnel into "London"  It's the coolest restaurant I have never seen!!   We were seated at a beautiful table and our waiter Adrian was outstanding.  You can really tell this is a 5 star restaurant, by not only the food, but the attentiveness of the staff.   I had to try Chef Ramsey's world famous beef wellington with potato puree, I also had a side of mushrooms and mac and cheese!    Welly was AMAZING!  I have never had it before, but I loved it!   The potato puree was amazing as well, and was a great pair to the welly.   Drake had what he called "The best fillet of his life"   We were too full for dessert.      The customer service was by far the best we have ever had. We did end up talking to one of the managers about our fantastic time. She lit up and thanked us for coming!Keep it up Chef Ramsey!!  OPEN UP A GORDON RAMSEY STEAK IN SEATTLE!!!!**OH LASTLY, PAY NO ATTENTION TO IRA'S POST....IT'S HER FIRST POST!*** No Ira, the customer is NOT ALWAYS RIGHT.................
5	Can I just say HOLY CRAP!!!! Anyone who posts and doesn't eat the food is not so smart... Because the food was amazing. So lets start with the bread. I went there with my wife, and we tried the bread separately being wowed by each piece. Matthew our waiter was so nice and got us a second plate of bread. The two foods I love are steak and bread, that bread was the best bread I think i'll ever have...EVER. We went straight to the entrees I had the beef wellington and my wife had the filet. Those were some of the best steaks I have ever had. We also had the Mac & cheese and mushrooms for the sides. I don't know how it was happening but it seemed that each bite tasted better than the last. I hated to stop but I wanted the Sticky Toffee pudding for desert. I must say that is the best damn desert. I don't know what they are doing but keep doing it. I had the Wellington and the mac & cheese for breakfast and it still tasted phenomenal!!!Simply if you go to Vegas go to this restaurant. Our Server Matthew was awesome the drinks were great and the food was out of this world!
5	I went with my wife and 2 boys ages 4 and 6.  I wasn't sure if it was appropriate to bring little kids to a fancy restaurant, but the staff was outstanding and made us all feel welcome.  Me and my wife ordered the beef Wellington and It was excellent.  We also ordered a number of sides so our kids could pick and choose what they wanted to eat.  You get to watch the chef and cooks at work at the back end of the dining room which is a lot of fun.  The food and service was outstanding.
5	5 stars for the food & service1 star for personalizationWe chose this resto for my bday celebration as I am a HUGE FAN of Gordon Ramsey!After dining at this LA location in the London and watching his 3 shows, I had to make reservations to his newest establishment in Vegas.While making reservations, we noted that we were celebrating my bday. No "Happy birthday, no cake, nothing. - pointsOtherwise, we had a fabulous night of decadence!4 different kinds of breads & cocktails to startThen we ordered the seared foie gras as our appetizer (VERY rich and a large portion)Next up - the tasting menu. Cooked to perfection were the risotto and beef wellington. Melt in your mouth type food - HIGHLY RECOMMEND!To end - the AMAZING, orgasmic experience buttered toffee with ice cream. DO NOT SKIP THIS PART!!! You'll thank me later.The only other - was the signed menu from Gordon Ramsey that we never received. Even so, we're coming back with a large party in Oct!!
5	This restaurant was my favorite culinary experience while in Vegas. I went 4 times while there (in just one week!). I took a bar seat since I did not have a reservation and got seated immediately. The  bar staff was very friendly and did everything they could to make my dinner experience great. I have to say that the beef Wellington is my favorite dish. Appetizer, entree and desert? Beef Wellington with Innis&Gunn (or red wine).
4	A great experience.  The Chunnel entrance is very creative and the well trained staff do their best to make your arrival special.The beef wellington was great....as many have said the medium rare is not a deal killer if you a funny about meat.  It is flavorful and moist but not a hint of blood if that grosses you out.  Don't know how they do it but try this signature dish!The bread dish is the best I've ever had....don't skip it.Lively atmosphere, good people watching and service...the wine list is reasonable.   Well done.
2	Went to Chef Ramsay's steakhouse at the Paris and was not all that impressed.  We only ordered appetizers so that we could have more taste experiences.  The foie gras was delicious and a nice portion.  The gnocchi were nice, tender and tasty, however, very disappointed in the smoked beef tartare.   Way under seasoned and tasted very off, we didn't even try to finish it. The pieces of beef seemed a little large for a tartare.  Restaurant itself was extremely noisey and I think someone else here mentioned that the tables are too close together... I would agree.  Service was prompt.  We were staying at the Aria and had a better dinner the night before at the Lemon Grass Thai restaurant.
4	Excellent service, good food. Sticky Toffee Pudding is worth the price tag
5	Holy Sticky Toffee Pudding! But I'll get to that later.We booked our reservation a little late so we weren't supposed to arrive until about 9:00PM, but we showed up at 8:45PM and they were able to seat us within 10 minutes. We waited inside the bar/lounge area while a waitress brought us the iPad so that we could determine our drinks. I got Pimm's Lemonade (it's so good! I'm not sure how much alcohol was in it, but I'm a heavyweight and after three of them, I was feeling pretty good LOL it goes down just like juice!) and Steve V. got a gin and tonic.For the appetizer, we had the fried oysters. Steve doesn't like fried oysters but he loved the ones they served here! The batter is very buttery and delicious and I would probably get them again. For our entrees, Steve got the New York Strip with the bone marrow sauce and I got the Beef Wellington. The New York Strip had this odd, yet exhilarating salty crust to it. It was quite delicious. Of course, the Beef Wellington was very good. The crust was buttery and flaky and slightly sweet. For the sides, we had the asparagus (I'm usually not picky with asparagus but I did think the asparagus was here was a little bland. I would suggest you pass on it.) and the mac and cheese (super delicious! The truffle wasn't too overbearing!).Now, my favorite part of dinner was the dessert. We got the French-Pressed Coffee and it came with these chocolate flavor spoons. The coffee itself was super fresh! I loved it. Just a fair warning though -- Steve and I don't react to coffee. I can drink several cups from my French Press at home during dinner and I can still sleep like a baby. However, both of us stayed awake until about 4:00AM because of that dang coffee, so be careful with it! For our actual dessert, we had the Sticky Toffee Pudding. IT WAS SO BOMB OMG. I don't eat sweets that much -- Steve will order something and I will have maybe a bite or two and be done with it. I almost couldn't hold myself back from this. We had an equal sharing of the cake and ice cream and it was unbelievable. If you go in there for only one thing, that Sticky Toffee Pudding would be it.All in all, we were very satisfied with our experience. It was a very high and expensive bill, but in our eyes, it was well worth it.
5	All celebrity aside, this is a really good restaurant. The attention to detail is evident everywhere. The in-house aged steak is on par with the best I've had. The Kobe style filet was out of this world.
5	This was our first time eating at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and I have to say with was one of the best experiences we ever had.  We booked the reservation through OpenTable.  The waiter's name that took care of us was Anthony.  He was very warm in greeting my wife, daughter and I.  When we booked our reservation we did mention that it was our 15th Anniversary and they were very attentive to that details of what the occasion was.  Having it be our first time there, Anthony was really good about explaining all the details of the menu even so much taking time in telling us about the various cuts of meat the offer.  He even explained what cut was and where it comes from and even spoke about taste and other details.  It was very informative and definitely helped with our decision making process.  After getting a better understanding about the meats  and the menu my wife and I decided on the Roasted Beef Wellington.  Not having it before I really didn't know what to expect.  It was the best decision I made.  The meat was REMARKABLE!!  It was like butter melting in your mouth.  The flavor and texture was absolutely indescribably.  I would highly recommend it to anyone trying Gordon Ramsey Steak for the first time.  My daughter selected the Rib Eye steak which was also good.  Not only was Anthony a great waiter, the food was great but also the service by our busboy was excellent.  The gentleman's name was Ben and he provided us with great care and service as well.  It is because of employees like this why our dining experiences have been so good!  Kudos to Gordon Ramsey and the staff at Gordon Ramsey Steak!  You will definitely see us again!  You all truly made our anniversary very special!!
5	I was suspicious when I first walked in. Why? I figured that this place was just getting by on its 'celebrity' name and probably wouldn't serve a good meal. I was BEYOND surprised. First off, the food is excellent! The quality of the beef is terrific and the preparation is excellent. They have MANY cuts to choose from which makes the experience even more fun.Second, the service is wonderful. Third, while it's loud and busy, it's still a great ambiance and great for families. I'll definitely be back when I'm next in Vegas. Believe the hype - this place is GOOD!
5	My husband and I watch Hell's Kitchen and love Gordan Ramsay, so I booked this place before our trip. We were seated right away. The restaurant is kind of dimly lit, but the booths are pretty spacious and roomy. Our server and her assistant were really nice and attentive. Kobe beef. It's $30 an ounce, we decided to get 3 ounces to share. Butter. It's so fatty and melts in your mouth. I think an appetizer portion is perfect, it would be too fatty to eat 10 ounces of this. It was great to be able to try it. It was seasoned nicely.Pork Belly appetizer. Wow, amazing! There were layers and layers of flavors going on. My mouth was happy. It was served on top of cheese grits. Lots of textures, belly was tender. Perfection. For dinner, we each ordered a wagyu rib cap. Very tender and fatty, but different than the Kobe obviously. Our appetizer cost more than our dinner!Sides, brussel sprouts, Bearnaise sauce and fingerling potatoes. All cooked and seasoned to perfection. We also ordered bone marrow which was very rich in flavor. They also give you bread to start and all the bread was fabulous. The service great, dinner flowed nicely, we didn't feel rushed and we really enjoyed everything. I highly recommend this place. Yes it's expensive, but if you don't mind spending, it's definitely a great experience. 2 people, with tip, we paid over $300, but we were so happy and that's priceless!
3	My order was a regular filet, salad, baked potato the usual steakhouse fare. The steak was very good, good exactly to order, the salad was good but a little dry so I got some extra dressing on the side, the baked potato was huge but mediocre at best. Bread choices were tasty, one special drink was quite tasty also. Total tab including the one drink $125(this was for the regular filet not one of the Kobe steaks that they push really hard at you). The restaurant was noisy, the waiter a bit pretentious and obnoxious, and the seating poor as we were place next to the kitchen where wait staff was literally running in front of you constantly. This was my sister's birthday, it was a sunday evening, we made reservations saturday morning and were assured they would do something special and also seat us in a great location in the restaurant. When we complained of the seating we were told we were out of luck that the table in front of the kitchen was it-essentially take it or leave it. So folks I too watch Hell's Kitchen and the other Gordan Ramsay shows, but for my money this place didn't pass....I am certain that what we experienced didn't meet up to the Gordan Ramsay standards. For the amount we spent there are lots of nicer places with great food on the strip. Paris hotel failed here.
5	Guys, if your not that hungry but wanna grub Gordon dish!  God damn! Kobe sliders with the Mac n cheese dish!, the bomb !!!!!!!!!!! Awesome!  ..... Only bad side is the cold butter served with the bread.
5	Four things I've tried (again) and everyone needs to ORDER:1. mac and cheese: if you like truffle, get it. It's so good. 2. Haricot Vert: it's like string beans, tempura fried.. and it is GOOD.3. Rib Cap: So much flavor and juice... always cooked so well (medium rare is my preference). 4. and his famous dessert.. STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING. GET IT. It's some good sh***These four dishes will never fail you as long as this place keeps up the high standard. No joke. So good. So worth the $$$$$ you pay.
4	Great service, nice atmosphere- not too loud even though it was crowded. The restaurant simply looks elegant, and I loved the wingback chairs! Kobe beef, mac and cheese, and sticky toffee pudding are must eats-one of most delicious desserts of my life. Table was messy entire meal which I did not like for this caliber of restaurant. Server and other wait staff were very friendly and gave great recommendations. We enjoyed the tablet based drink list as well. We would definitely come back for a special occasion if we lived in Las Vegas.
5	Our party of 4 did the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu (Thank you Mary and Bruce!).  I've always wondered what Ramsey's risotto and Wellington would be like and now I do.  The toffee dessert is easily within the top 3 greatest desserts of my life and that's coming from a guy who would rather have cheese for dessert than something sweet.PLEASE FORGIVE ME for forgetting your name, but see the attached photo.  This was our server and he was a big contributor in making our experience as great as it was.  THANK YOU SIR!
5	This place is no joke.  I'm not saying this lightly: it was the best meal (dining experience) I have ever had.  From the service, to the cocktails, and of course the food, nothing touches it.  Will definitely be back!
5	AMAZING!  This was our #1 stop on our trip to vegas. We were worried because we were let down by the Rooftop at the London  but everything was perfect,  from service to food. Our waiter was on top of everything and very friendly.To start, we ordered the chorizo stuffed lobster tail.  A little on the small side but delicious.  I had the prime rib, cooked perfectly, tasted great. My boyfriend had the beef Wellington,  definitely a must have. We had cream of spinach and mac&cheese, both delicious.  For dessert we had the apple tart, again, delicious. Overall, if you're in vegas, GO!
3	Yes, after much thought and discussion about our visit, I'm Giving a Ramsay restaurant a THREE!  Hold On, I have my reasons, check it out. First, for my 100th review, I wanted to make it special, this visit was a few months ago.  We booked a table of four a week in advance.  We arrived at the location a bit early and checked in, thinking we might have a chance at getting in early, no dice, the hostess suggests a Drink, waving her hand and pointing towards the casino floor, so off we went to gamble a bit and have a cocktail.  We returned, to the same hostess, with cocktails in hand only to be told that we needed to "finish those first" before being seated (referring to our casino drink that she suggested we buy), small hiccup but sets the tone.  So then she proceeds to give us a VERY canned presentation on the restaurant, you can tell she has said the same bit about being transported from Paris to London via the Tunnel about a thousand times.  The crew at Disney says the same lines day after day but you would never catch one of them offering the lackluster performance that we witnessed.So, great booth overlooking the restaurant, seated, and away we go.  We decided before that we would all order a little differently so that we could sample as wide a variety as possible.  So here is what we found;It was busy, we found that our server seemed a little rushed, he also spoke very softly, which in a fairly busy dinner service creates a little frustration. Two prices, face it, this is just stupid, showing me that someone with a "card" saves a dollar" is like telling me that most people who gamble in Vegas lose, worthless info. Dinners, the meat if you will.  They can cook a steak, I'm a mid-western boy, raised on well cooked beef and damn if this steak wasn't melt in your mouth good (both the NY Strip and Rib-eye).  Top 3 steaks I've ever had, EVER.Wellington, Um disappointing.  It was fine really, cooked well but I found the dough to be a little soft and underdone that was on the meat side.  I guess we just expected more.  It was flavorful and well cooked..Ahi, Serious disappointment.  Had large amounts of connective tissue. It lay picked over and un-eaten. We were asked if it was okay, and we offered a shrug and said that we have had better.  They cleared the plate, offered a replacement and it was taken off the bill without asking, nicely played if you ask me.Apps;Garden Salad. average, even the cheese was just middle of the roadGnocchi, decent.  Nice, better than most, but not the best.Brussel Sprouts, severe disappointment, drastically under-cooked, sent them back only to find them under-seasoned.  There are too few people who like this veg, when you serve them like this, its no wonder they lose fans, its a wonder the Brussel sprout council hasn't started picketing outside your doors!Overall, with all the mis-ques,I doubt we will return, there are far too many better choices in Vegas.
5	This was the best experience we had in Vegas!  The food was amazing. The Wellington was delicious. The sticky toffee pudding was a great end to our meal. Part of what made our experience great was the friendly service we received from Donnie and Mouhamaduy.
4	I do love, love, love this place.The wine list went on for forever. AH-mazing. I don't usually dine at places as classy as this, so I was really taken aback when I was handed an iPad to use for surfing through the wine list. We had the Beaujolais Nouveau. I don't care if it wasn't in season yet, I wanted it and they had it! The wine went really well with our bone-in rib-eye steak. NOM NOM NOM NOM NOM! That mouthwatering goodness. I want to go back and finish all 24 oz on my own! It was huge. And, totally do-able once you know how frikkin' yummy it is...I mean you see how big this thing is gonna be when they show it to you on that magical meat cart that they push around so you know they mean business...and you tell yourself that it's impossible to eat the whole 24 oz on your own. You're wrong. You can. It's that good. Oh! And, let's not forget the loaded baked potato that stood by my rib-eye. It had the usual sour cream and chives, as one may expect. However, it was thick-cut bacon (slices, not pieces) and gouda bechamel to topped it off that made it absolute heaven.Thank you for feeding me.
2	Two friends and I were seated in the side dining room around 8:30pm on a Tuesday night.  The hostess was attractive and flirty, but then our server gets there.  They pulled the old switcharoo.  She was overweight, unattractive, and humorless.  She took her sweet time shambling around the restaurant.  It took her over 30mins to take our order.  I got the "american" kobe burger off of the bar menu.  At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.The best part of the meal was the house-made ketchup, mustard, and the potato wedges.  I asked for the burger medium-rare and it came out rare, did not smell fresh and didn't taste like "american" kobe I've had in the past.  I would have sent it back but who knows how long that would have taken.  It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.  By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.  Would not return.
5	I've been to michelin star restaurant before and this was on par! The bread was amazing and interesting but it was so late in the night we didn't wanted seconds. I always wanted to try Hell's Kitchen Wellington so I ordered it here and it was amazing! The pastry was flakey and the steak was tender. We ordered mac and cheese and the potato fingerlings (which was mentions by our waiter and server), the bf ordered lamb two way, and we had 1/2 dozen oysters. Everything tasted so good, I wish I could've done a Hell's Kitchen tasted menu like one of the reviews said.
5	Loved our server, Anthony.  The American Rib Cap was  incredibly flavorful and buttery tender.  Fingerling potatoes were the perfect side. We were fortunate enough to be seated upstairs where it is quiet and less chaotic than the main dining area. Don't miss this restaurant whether you are a visitor or a local.  The only complaint is the manner of dress of some of the patrons-flip flops and shorts, really?  Have a little class.
3	The atmosphere was beautiful and the staff members were amazing. The food was cook to perfection, but I've had better food especially in Vegas. The prices were very high but hey what do you expect it Chef Gordon Ramsay.
5	This may be the best meal I've ever had - my boyfriend feels the same way! We ordered beef Wellington for two, since that's a Gordon Ramsay specialty, and it was amazing! Service was warm and wonderful - our server was John - and the atmosphere was very cool. The menu is pricey, maybe even by Vegas standards, but it was a wonderful indulgence!
3	To: Mr. RamsayI love your shows, Hell's Kitchen and Masterchef. You show passion in everything you do. Thank you,Long--------------------------------   My wife and I celebrated our special day at Ramsay Steak House in Las Vegas.  First,  I want to say the steaks were amazing and your desserts were to die for( the desserts were free because what had happened).  The waitress who waited on us  was knowledgeable on the steaks  and she knew which beer would go with the dishes.    The dinner would have been GREAT, expect for the host who showed us to our table. She took us up in the elevator  to the second level then we walked across the floor.  She then walked us back to the elevator and told us to wait in front of the elevator.  After 2 minutes standing there, she came back and took us down stairs to our table.    Mr. Ramsay,  please understand, if I was at a 1 star or 2 stars restaurant I can understand about the miscommunication about where to seat your customers.  I was disappointed and sad for what happened on our special night. My wife and I were looking forward to your 5 stars restaurant but it fell short to our expectation.  I paid $615.65 for 3 people so I think I have the right to expect GREAT service ALL around service. Don't you think?   I know you are a world class chef: restaurateur and television personality, awarded 15 Michelin stars in total and currently holds 14. Maybe you should slow down and check up on your restaurants... #1 - first impression is the front desk...#2 - second is the table...#3 - the food and service...
1	Private room, party of 10- service was terrible.  Food yummy.  If you are ok with having to find your server more than twice... This is for you.
4	Steak is great, foie gratis good as well and the fisherman's grill is surprisingly good!
5	Amazing dining experience. The restaurant is trendy with club style music. The music may be considered a bit loud for a quiet romantic evening, but the food makes up for it. Anthony, our waiter, was attentive and full of knowledge about the food. I am a medium to medium-well steak guy, but I tried the Wellington...DEEEEEELICIOUS!
3	Be prepared to spend.  The drinks, amazing.  The appetizers, out of  this world.  The entree, disappointing.  I ordered the signature beef short rib and was highly disappointed.  The meat was not very tasty and the sauce was too much.  I couldn't even eat half of it.  The atmosphere was outstanding.  However, the hostess walks you into the dining room with a speech about walking from Paris to London and points to a neon art piece on the celing.  This art is described as Gordan Ramsey's hand movements.  It was a little too much and drew some eye rolling from our group.  The service also seemed a little over the top.  I walked out thankful for the experience but also feeling a little cheated.
5	There are a lot of great reviews regarding GRS; this will be another one. GR puts his money where his mouth is; food quality and service. Service was excellent, food was outstanding served hot and all together. We were a group of five and not a single complaint; not even from me who is critical of everything. Restaurants in LV have a long way to go to match GRS.GRS was not inexpensive but you get what you pay for. We will be back.
3	I expected a lot more. One of my favorite restaurants to get steak at is ruth chris, I love that place so when I can across steak I was expecting so much more. My steak was chewy and it took forever to get our food. Our server was not the greatest either. Won't be coming back
4	One of the best meals I have ever had was at this restaurant.  The beef Wellington is the signature dish. Melt in your mouth beef with a tender pastry. Divine! Excellent customer service as well -- they even brush off the bread crumbs for after the bread service. While you are waiting for your main course, they bring out the beef rack where they educate you on the different cuts of beef and how they are cooked. Very educational! Overall excellent food and above average customer service. Pricey but worth it. Make a reservation tonight !
5	My wife and I came here for dinner on our anniversary weekend. It was by far the best steak I have ever had, the beef Wellington was out of the world as well. Great appetizers, drinks and everything. Even Rick from Vegas Pawn Stars was sitting next to us. Highly recommended.
4	This restaurant is pretty and super busy.  We came here on our first day of vacation in Vegas. The hostesses were super nice. When I got to our table, the water guy immediately asked me if I wanted regular bottled water or sparkling water. I kept telling him tap water. My hubby went to change since they say they have a dress code even though we saw other people in jeans and flip flops. Our server was really trying hard to upsell us on additional items on the menu and even wheeled out a cart full of different cuts of beef.  As it was already 9pm, all I wanted was to order my food and enjoy dinner. We had a $40 dinner credit from Expedia and saw our server looking at us when we were reading which restaurants accepted it. We both ordered the bone in ribeye and an order of foie gras to go with it. I thought I died and went to heaven as I but into my first piece of foie gras. It was freaking delicious and a generous piece at that. My ribeye was cooked perfectly and much too big for me to finish. We still managed to order dessert. I had the chocolate lovers and hubs had the infamous butter toffee cake. The butter toffee cake really stood out. It was so delicious. Other than the pushy server, this place was the best out of all the restaurants we dined at in Vegas.
5	Best. Steak. Ever. Dined here in August 2013, and this place lived up to the hype. First off, as other reviewers have mentioned, the waiter will ask if you'd like still or sparkling water. Caution - they charge $9 a bottle for these choices. If you want good 'ol tap water (free!), just ask for ice water. Food was amazing. We had the gnocchi appetizer to start. Very delicious, but not your typical gnocchi in sauce. As the waiter described it, it was more of a "deconstructed" interpretation of gnocchi. For our entrees, the bf and I both chose the beef Wellington. AMAZING. I have had quality steak at my share of fine dining restaurants, and the Wellington here blew them all out of the water. For sides, we ordered the mac and cheese (deelish!), as well as the baked potato. Both awesome. Last but not least, we had the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. EPIC. The pudding was delicious, and the brown butter ice cream, which was rich and decadent, was the perfect accompaniment. This meal, plus a few drinks, set us back around $200, not including tip. We also used our total rewards card which helped to save a few dollars. If you're in Vegas, I HIGHLY recommend you check this place out. You will not be disappointed!!
3	Oh Gordon.. How I wanted to love your restaurant and rave about it, but my experience was blah.So, my coworker made last minute reservations which were easy enough, and we arrived early so we could have appetizers and drinks at the bar.  The bar service was excellent, and we kinda wished we would've had our entire meal at the bar.  Our bartender was extremely helpful and explained the drinks and recommended her favorite apps.  I ended up having the ravioli and my friend had the foie gras, both were very good.  Once seated for dinner, our waitress was less than thrilled that we weren't  going to be having drinks or apps.  We ordered our mains right away; I had the halibut and my friend had the seafood trio.  We both were underwhelmed.  My halibut was under seasoned and tasteless and from what I remember my friends entree tasted pretty good BUT the seafood looked miniature sized, the clams were puny, and everything looked sad =(. The bread and water was the best part of the dinner portion of our meal.  Our food took entirely too long (nearly 50 minutes), and about a half an hour of that, our waitress was  nowhere to be found.  We had to flag down some bouncer looking guy (manager?) to inquire about our food, and then at the end our bill took long.  It didn't end there, my credit card was charged double, but that was sorted out later. I'll return (by force) ONLY because my bf is dying to try this restaurant, I hope that my experience is better the second time around...too bad I won't be excited about it =\
5	I think I just had the best steak dinner of my life.  Everything about our dinner was just impeccable!First of all our server, Anthony, was AWESOME.  He was friendly and energetic but definitely not aggressive or over the top.  He was fantastic about explaining everything on the menu and answering our questions, and he was excellent about making suggestions, especially when we were on the fence about some things.We started out with Ty Nant sparkling spring water which was very good!  JAS likes beer with his steak, so he ordered the Moose Drool Brown Ale and thought it was great.  I asked if they had pineapple juice, which they did, but even better was that it was freshly squeezed!  Delicious.JAS and I had reviewed the menu online earlier in the day and decided that we were going to get the Roasted Beef Wellington for two.  We had watched enough Hell's Kitchen to make us want to try this famous dish.  We had mentioned this to Anthony prior to him bringing over the steak display which, by the way, was pretty impressive:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=BVZECZd6-u3Zw45DfVKEtw#BVZECZd6-u3Zw45DfVKEtwAnthony said he would still go over the steaks with us, and we were glad he did.  JAS loves ribeyes, and when Anthony described the rib cap to us, he threw a wrench in our plans.  Ohhhh, what should we do?  He then said that he could have the kitchen split the orders into two plates if we wanted so we could try both.  What a fantastic idea!  So out went the Beef Wellington for two, in came the Beef Wellington for one AND the Kobe American Rib Cap.I wish I had a better memory because they served different kinds of bread with butter (did I hear Devonshire?) and volcanic sea salt.  Yummy.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=_UfQDFOJOaDyfUWiMOq08g#_UfQDFOJOaDyfUWiMOq08gWe started with the Heirloom Tomato Salad with red bell pepper vinaigrette, cucumber cauliflower puree, spiced marcona almonds.  They split it into two plates for us.  So fresh, so delicious.  I wanted to lick everything off that plate.  (I didn't!)  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=DhEwPJGDDfUy6huMrmYOLA#DhEwPJGDDfUy6huMrmYOLAThe Roasted Beef Wellington was served with glazed root vegetables, potato puree, and red wine demi glace.  This was no ordinary Beef Wellington.  Anthony had described what the steak was wrapped in but there were so many components that I can't remember it all!   It was split into two plates and it tasted wonderful!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=3IqEuRS3GnDTuzecN8a0Ig#3IqEuRS3GnDTuzecN8a0IgThe Kobe American Rib Cap was the most delicious steak I've ever eaten.  It is very flavorful and very tender.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=I97LcskpiJdDNT099LXU6A#I97LcskpiJdDNT099LXU6AWe ordered the Haricot Vert  (tempura fried, confit, with garlic citrus aioli) for our side.  A Yelper recommended this, so I wanted it.  It was good!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=EVS8qtI30r33YQANLarHTA#EVS8qtI30r33YQANLarHTAFor dessert, we had the Sticky Toffee Pudding (sweet pudding cake, brown sugar toffee, brown butter ice cream).  It is rich, it is sweet, it is remarkable.  I loved how the brown butter ice cream looked just like a stick of butter.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=uAXd7oN-Si5Ee_2P_YjgAA#uAXd7oN-Si5Ee_2P_YjgAAOur dinner was relaxing and more than pleasant.  Not once did we feel pressured to order one way or another.  Each member of the staff we interacted with was professional and genuinely friendly.  They made us feel welcome when we arrived and thanked us for visiting when we left.  Everything about our dinner experience was perfect.  We have already decided that this will be a definite stop during our next visit to Vegas!
4	London in Paris! Steakhouse to be measured by.Gordon brought a memorable dining experience to us Las Vegans with his Steak @ Paris. Great wine list to pair with the wide array of steaks that are brought out to each customer on their custom meat tray. I suggest ordering the 4-course pairing. Started with the Roasted Beet salad w/ ricotta, mushrooms and a champagne vinaigrette. 2nd course was the Asparagus Soup w/ dungeness crab, Parmesan custard and smoked caviar. By far, the best soup I have had in Las Vegas. 3rd course was the special Roasted Beef Wellington w/ red wine demi glace. Our dessert was a fantastic Panna Cotta w/ sorbet and a candied twill. One of the best meals in a while. Left fully satisfied and not too gorged on the wallet. We paired dinner with the 2009 Honig Cabernet Sauvignon. Phenom wine for value. Will be back. Other entrees dying to try: Hanger Steak and Rib Cap.Visited May 2012.
5	Chef Ramsey we hope you read some reviews  on your restaurants. This was our second visit to Gordon Ramsey Steak!  Chef Christina Wilson could not have been more gracious! Very approachable and meeting her was a pleasure.  Our servers Charles and Alexis were spot on!  They knew every nuance of the dishes and the wine pairings.  Their attention to us was the best in the business. Kudos to them!  We had The Hells Kitchen tasting menu paired with wine.  Every item on the menu was mouth watering from the Scotch Egg to the Scallop Risotto (to die for!) and the Beef Wellington melts in your mouth!  Sticky Toffee Pudding was a great finish to the evening! We will go back again to indulge in the Rib Cap Steak which we had on our first visit! Finest steak we have ever eaten. Thank you Gordon and to your folks at Gordon Ramsey Steak Las Vegas!
5	Beef Wellington and sticky toffee pudding- hands down. Can't wait to go back and order them again!
4	Great experience after having had a horrid one at Mastro's Ocean Club. I had the Wellington, Ramsay's signature dish. It didn't disappoint. Wife and son had sirloin steaks, as I recall. My only gripe was the music...it wafts in from the bar and it's not really appropriate for a relaxing dinner at a fine steak house. But the food was A+! And I was a skeptic...figured Ramsay was probably an overrated TV personality...but he can execute a restaurant, no doubt.
5	Food and Service was nothing but 5 Stars. Will be coming back here next time in town. Had the infamous Beef Wellington and it was nothing but perfect, Braised Shortribs melted in my mouth & the Hericot Bert (greenbeans) fabulous! Our server Danielle ... Excellent! Informative and attentive.
5	On a recent trip to Vegas with some family and friends, we decided to have dinner here...and so happy we did!  Each and every one of us said that same thing: "That was the best meal I've ever had!"  We had the surf and turf, beef wellington, halibut, sliders, foie gras, green beans, mac and cheese, and of course - the sticky toffee pudding cake.  The sliders just melted in your mouth.  The wait staff was extremely attentive and couldn't do enough for us.  Can't wait to go back again...
4	My sister is a food channel enthusiastic and fell in love with Gordon Ramsay's shows. So we made it a mission to try it out. We made reservation 1 month ahead of time to fit in a party of 7. When we arrived 15 minutes before our reservation, we were given the option to wait in the lounge area where we can order drinks and wait for our table. Their HK Antioxidant is most refreshing! Tastes like blueberry lemonade! A must try!Once seated and ready to order, our waiter brings out a display with all the different types of beef/steak on the menu - except for the fact it was raw. This almost deterred me from getting anything beef or steak alike, but in the end I still went with the Marcho Farms Veal Chop.While the Veal Chop was delicious, I must rave about their dessert - Sticky Toffee Pudding. Their Sticky Toffee Pudding is simply - amazing! The combination of the warm and sweet pudding cake doused in brown sugar toffee syrup is quite extraordinary!Only negative point was that towards the end of the night our waiter was gone and it seems as if none of the other waiter knew we existed for a while. Eh~
4	Awesome restaurant, nice vibe to the place. Waiters kind of hover around you which is annoying, but the food makes up for it. Get a steak, since it is a steakhouse. Also the toffee pudding desert at the end of your meal is a must have...no matter how full you are!
5	Let the hero worship begin:I've been watching Gordon Ramsey for years in both British and American television shows.  I've also been reading his cookbooks for years.  I thought I understood him until eating at STEAK.  After the Hell's Kitchen Tasting menu I feel that I REALLY know him, his cooking, and have much more respect (which I always had total respect anyway) for his knowledgeable selection of winners for the Hell's Kitchen series.  Chef Ramsey and Chef Christina -- you and your staff HIT IT OUT OF THE PARK!Anything else I write would be superfluous and extraneous... so let me just end with a profound thank you to all who contributed to our dining experience.  From the greeter to the busboy... all were professional, prompt, and extremely unobtrusive.p.s.  If I had any criticism at all it would be that, for some odd reason, our reservation was not put as a priority on either Chef Ramsay or Chef Christina's calendar.  Go figure.  Too bad we did not have a chance to personally meet... I'm hoping our schedules coinced better on our next visit.
5	If I could give this place six stars, I would!  We would always have a ritual of going to The Nine Steakhouse during every Vegas trip, but decided to try a different place for once.  The standards in this restaurant can be seen everywhere.  The freshness of the food and the quality of the steaks were out of this world!  I had the kobe steak and my wife had the Wellington and we were both speechless on how delicious everything was.  Definitely get the toffee pudding for dessert, even if you feel too full!  You will remember it forever.
5	I bow down to you, Gordon Ramsay.All the reviews say it. This place is amazing!! It was a huge deal for me and my friends to come to Steak ready to splurge, especially since we're just a bunch of ordinary college students with a simple love of good food. But boy, was the price worth it. We were started off with a bread appetizer, which was superb! We especially enjoyed the two different types of brioche as well as the little sample of butter topped with a type of salt (I forget what type). We were even offered another round of bread and after a split second of "We don't want to fill up before our meal", we looked at each other with grins on our faces and agreed that we should never turn down free bread. My friends ordered the Beef Wellington and I ordered the Ribeye for one along with the haricot vert, fingerling potatoes, and asparagus sides. The beef wellington was TO DIE FOR; it was extremely tender and flavorful, and the pastry on the outside was flaky and complimented the meat perfectly. Now I know why it is Ramsay's specialty (also note that it is cooked medium-rare). My ribeye was delicious as well as HUGE. It was cooked beautifully and didn't even need any sauces or extra seasoning. My favorite side had to be the haricot verts as I LOVE tempura and I don't know what they put in the batter...but it was better than any tempura batter I've ever had in my life. The three of us struggled immensely to finish our plates (and we didn't), but knew that we had to fit as much of the delicious food into our stomachs as humanly possible. We then decided to end with the three of us sharing the sticky toffee pudding, which was out of this world. I just remember stifling a laugh when the waiter asked us how our dessert was and my friend's eyes just rolled to the back of her head. He definitely got a good chuckle out of that. The service was better than I could've ever imagined. Every 2 minutes or so our waiter would walk by and make sure that our water glasses were filled and that all of our needs were met. One of the waiters even escorted my friend to the bathroom when she asked where it was! Whaaat? They were also probably the sweetest wait staff that I had ever had the pleasure of encountering and I honestly just wanted to give them all a hug as we left. After about 2 hours and $300 later, we all left more than satisfied, and ready to take on the town.
5	I dined alone while on a business trip. I had to make sure I experienced a culinary delight and I have to say it was more like a culinary nirvana. I had the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu with wine pairing and nothing disappointed me. In fact, each course was progressively better. Charles and Jose did a fantastic job and they went over and above to make my experience unforgettable. This was a meal I will not forget. I would love to come back again and bring my husband next time. Well done to all.
5	I've tried eating at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant before so I had some idea of what his restaurants have to offer but boy was this even better! We had booked a table earlier so we were directly taken to our table by the friendly staff and we were promptly taken care of by the staff that explained the concept, menu, decor and the options of beverages available.My appetizer was the smoked steak tartare with chips and it was out of this world. My entree was Ramsay's signature Beef Wellington and it was made to perfection, as was to be expected.The place was even more exclusive than some of Ramsay's other places yet you didn't feel out of place even though we looked like typical tourists and the staff was friendly and not at all snooty as they tend to be in some of the more exclusive restaurants. The drinks were good too and the beverage list was quite extensive.
5	I got a dinner/show package for Gordon Ramsay Steak and Jersey Boys at a discounted locals' price.  Last night was the night and both were excellent!  I am one of those people who dislikes the public persona of Gordon Ramsay.  I'm not sure I would have come here last night but it was one of the food options and I grabbed for the ring and I got the gold one.I had a few choices from their menu for each course but it was easy for me to order.  For an appetizer, the British ale onion soup.  For the main course, I chose the 24 ounce bone in rib eye.  And for dessert I ordered the sticky toffee pudding.  I did not order a side, an extra charge, since I would be eating approximately a pound of beef alone.  I had a reservation for 5 PM and arrived shortly before.  A hostess asked me to wait in the lounge area and assured me I'd be shown to my table soon and I was.  Another hostess asked me if I wanted to walk the stairs or take the elevator.  The stairs it was.  She seated me at a small table along the railing which gave me a nice view of the downstairs dining area and a  view of the ceiling with the Union Jack and the neon sculpture.  Coming up the stairs, she explained that the neon was an artist's conception of the movement Ramsay's hands make when he's creating a beef Wellington.  It is very interesting very different.Richard, one of my servers, brought me their drink iPad.  I politely passed and went with an iced tea.  They only serve bottled iced tea, Republic of Tea, and I was given a choice of three flavors.  The blackberry sage was my choice, a tea I often make at home.  I gave Richard my voucher for dinner and a few moments later, he brought the Ramsay menu and told me my choices for each of the courses.  I ordered the soup and steak first and waited until later to order dessert.Some bread was brought to my table and the selection was so different than normal.  There were two lemon thyme focaccia squares, one mushroom truffle mini brioche, a pancetta fig mini brioche, and two slices of Stilton walnut baguette.  On the side of the bread plate was a round of English Devonshire butter with Hawaiian volcanic sea salt sprinkled on top.  Yes!  A restaurant that doesn't hide the salt from you.  I did observe a woman at the next table trying to get some butter without getting a single salt crystal so I understand both sides.  The bread was excellent.  I had one slice of the baguette and one mini brioche--the mushroom truffle.  I knew there was a large steak coming and I wanted to leave room.The onion soup was excellent.  I had some of that soup at Ramsay's Pub at Caesars so I knew what to expect.  Rich broth, tasty caramelized onions, and the two slices of Welsh rarebit on top made for a very good start.Then a runner brought my steak and it was indeed huge!  It had a Demi-glace with mustard seeds.  The steak was done extra rare as I requested.  It was marbled very nicely and it was very tender.  I sat their thinking I must be some kind of glutton as I kept eating and eating until I was almost completely to the bone.  At home, I would have gnawed on it like a dog, but I let my better manners take over last night.  After bringing me the steak, Carlos, my other server, asked if I wanted any salt or pepper.  He appeared a but later with a plate with two containers--one with ground pepper and the other with sea salt!  A second Yes!Later, I ordered the sticky toffee pudding.  I also had this at Caesars. I wanted to compare it to some STP I had the week before at another steakhouse on the Strip.  There is no comparison.  Ramsay's version wins hands down.  It's a moist pudding cake served with toffee in a metal pourer and a stick of brown butter ice cream.  Delicious!A note on service.  Richard and Carlos were first rate!  They were polite and friendly.  An above and beyond kind of thing happened when I asked Carlos about the types of bread.  He went to the kitchen, got a sheet of paper, and wrote out what they served.  That was really nice of him and it helped me remember the different things on the plate.  At the end of dinner, Richard gave me a business card with their two names on it and I'll keep it for the future because I will be back.  I have to try some more things on the menu.By the way, Mr. Ramsay, I may change my thoughts about you a bit.  I understand that you're public persona is somewhat of a show for TV and that you're much different--read nicer--when not before the cameras in Hell's Kitchen!
3	Actually, I thought it was alright.  I had the Rib-Eye cut and the grill with seasonings allowed for that full marble flavor.  As well aged it was, I thought that a recent cut I ordered at Ruth Chris' in Walnut Creek, CA was a step above.Maybe the experience would have been better with a sharp knife.  My wrists wouldn't have to feel stressed out, slicing through the select cut.
5	If I were rich I would eat here once a week. The king crab legs - sooo Amazing!!! They also have Innis & Gunn on tap. The service is phenomenal and very attentive. The wellington is also great.
5	The food was exceptional. One notable plate that stood out from the rest is American Kobe Cap; it was juicy, tender and meaty! I tried the japanese kobe a5 and the famous beef wellington, they were all very, very good but the american kobe cap was a tad more steakful( is that a word?!)  Service was spectacular!!! Mike and Jessica took care of us as well as all the gazillion servers that came to check up on us without being intrusive.  My hung over husband jaw was on the floor from service. Mike was professional, attentive to details, and very knowledgeable. I almost forgot to mention the toffee dessert that everyone is raving on yelp.  OMG, The sticky toffee was delicious followed by the oh so creative coffee that came with the chocolate stirs. ;)
5	My boyfriend and I enjoyed a lovely date night at this restaurant.All of the staff members were polite and courteous, and were clearly working together as a team. It's nice to see a restaurant function like a piece of well-oiled machinery.Our server Matthew was absolutely WONDERFUL. If you are headed there, request him - I know I will the next time I'm there.We enjoyed a half bottle of Duckhorn Merlot that was lovely. Our appetizer was the Kurobuta Pork Belly with grits - tasty and not overly filling. My boyfriend being the GR fan that he is ordered the Beef Wellington which was, of course, divine. I ordered the Lamb entree, which (unfortunately) was incorrectly prepared medium-well the first time around. BUT - Matthew was on it and visited our table right after I had sliced into the chop, and whisked the plate away with the sincerest of apologies and a promise to bring fresh sides. We had the Mac & Cheese and Sauteed Spinach sides - AWESOME, I swear the spinach was a whole bag's worth and absolutely delicious. It took a little while to bring my re-fired lamb back, but when it came (with fresh sides) it was wonderful. We also enjoyed a tasting menu of deserts: apple tart, Toffee Pudding (YOU MUST ORDER THIS), and [chocolate thing that was so delicious but I don't know what it was]. Enjoyed some delicious French-pressed coffee as well.OVERALL a fantastic experience with all the frills of fine-dining but without the snooty, uppity atmosphere that I've encountered. The restaurant is super modern and very visionary - don't expect to have a quiet meal because the restaurant is somewhat noisy.  BUT you will experience great service and excellent food.Thanks Matthew for a memorable and WONDERFUL evening!
5	One of the single best meals I have ever had in my life. The Beef Wellington is mouth watering and you are doing yourself a huge disservice if you don't have the Sticky Toffee Pudding. It's worth every penny and worth however long it may take. Go and savor!If you have the chance to have Dennis as your waiter, you will not be disappointed! His service was outstanding and he was a delight...plus, he made some outstanding recommendations.
5	My family and I went to Las Vegas to celebrate my birthday just last Saturday. I'd made reservations at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant far in advance because I considered it my duty to taste his cooking, and see if it warranted the insane cursing & arguing that I see on his TV shows. Well--it does. He set the standard  AND the bar so high, he can yell & curse all he wants to! This was not dinner: this was a true 'dining experience'...from the decor to the greeters/hostesses and wait staff-everything was SUPERB. Everyone was dressed neatly & tastefully-as they are at most upscale restaurants but this staff took it up a notch. I couldn't help but notice the shiny cuff-links all of the men wore and the tasteful black dresses that the women wore-had me flashing back to Robert Palmer's Addicted to Love video. Sexy but reserved, with minimal makeup. The food...was simply DELIGHTFUL; I NEVER eat anyone's mac-n-cheese but my mother's-- until now. That macaroni & cheese gave me the warm and fuzzies and so did my scallops and lobster tail...My aunt smacked & groaned through her steak, my mother smiled through her lamb chops & my cousin practically prayed over and into her beef ribs the entire time we were there. :-) The whipped potatoes and spinach-as well as the drinks were wonderful. We topped everything off by sharing a warm apple cobbler & ice cream. Excellent, excellent, excellent. WELL WORTH the money. We can't wait to go back!
5	IAM A HUGE FAN OF HELL'S KITCHEN AND GORDON RAMSEY!! So had my hubby take me for Mother's Day and this was Best food, best experience, best service!!!Staff was Awesome made us feel like we were the only ones that were being attended too.  Richard and the Prince forgot his name but AWESOME!!!!
5	I left this place truly amazed food was amazing however does dig far into your wallet staff was excellent and my only complaint was that I wanted to thank the chef personally but she was to busy to come out.
5	YOU'VE GOT TO BE KIDDING ME! This place is unreal. I've come to Vegas numerous times and I've seen the Gordon Ramsay sign hanging up at Paris and always wanted to go. This past weekend I got a little lucky and decided to go. Best culinary decision ever. First off...like an idiot I made reservations online for the wrong day but they still accommodated us. The service was (English Accent) spot on! I loved how they displayed the meat on this fancy tray. I ordered the beef Wellington (I see it being cooked on Hell's Kitchen all the time) and my fiance ordered the 8oz fillet. We also ordered a side of asparagus and mac n cheese. Everything was cooked to perfection and this was one of the top two restaurants I've been to (See my Girl and the Fig review for Sonoma, Ca). The food is pricey....but you expect that.P.S. I'm not a fan of coffee but I tried theirs.....AMAZING! They bring the sugar cubes along with spoonfuls of Amaretto, Bailey's chocolate and Chamborg (sp?). I gobbled it down!
5	We arrived rather late and hour before closing and were told we would have to eat in the bar area. One of the best steaks I've ever had. I got the filet and believe it was 8oz. it was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of seasonings. I also got a potato on the side and it too was great. A must go to steak house. Staff was very friendly as well and refilled drinks quickly.
4	The Market Green salad was the best part of the meal and that's not an insult to the rest of the meal; each bite was bursting with freshness and flavor in a way I've never experienced in a salad before.  The New York Strip was the the best quality of meat I've ever encountered; heavy marbling, tender meat.  I ordered it black and blue because I'm a steak purist, not a steak heretic.  The watercress leaves and the sauce were an impressive flavor addition that only enhanced the flavor of the steak, and did not cover anything up.  That being said, I assumed I didn't need to talk time and temperature with them when paying $63 for a steak in Chef Ramsay's kitchen.  Their version of black and blue was cooked at too low a temp for too long; crust too thick and under done.  The bone marrow came highly recommended by friends, I'm not a fan of just fat.  The asparagus was my second favorite side; fresh, crisp, not over cooked, and the light morel cream was perfect.  The gratineed spinach
2	My boyfriend and I were so excited to try this place, alas we were really disappointed.  The service was forgettable.  We ordered our dinner and an appetizer as we both had flown in and hadn't had lunch or dinner.  They brought it in after our dinner was served.  The dinner it self was ok they made my steak well done, i like mine rare.  We have had some really nice dinners in Vegas as its a special place for us, but this one was not one of them.  In fact you could go to any chain high end steak house and get better.  Maybe it was a bad night but these type restaurants that should offer the full experience, ambiance and excellent food should not have off nights.
5	I think the name of the restaurant speaks for itself.  Just for good measure, I had shared the foie gras, pork belly appetizer, beef wellington and the potato puree and spinach sides. It was all delicious!  I missed out on the sticky toffee pudding because I had a show to go to, but my friend said she almost fell off her seat because of how good it was.  What's great is you also get a discount if you have a Total Rewards card.
4	The perfect place for my first review. I've long been a fan of Gordon Ramsey and went on a mission when I came to Vegas to try one of his restaurants. The bread they gave us was a delicious start to the meal. We decided that was the only appetizer we needed for the meal. Now onto the main reason to come here. Everybody knows that Gordon Ramsey's famous dish is the beef Wellington and there aren't a whole lot of place that serve it. That was an obvious choice for one entree. We also decide to try the New York since this was supposed to be a steak place. Let me tell you how big a mistake that was. Avoid the steaks and instead get another beef Wellington. While the steak was cooked perfectly cooked medium rare, it was rather plain and did not have any wow factor to it. The beef Wellington on the other hand was absolutely delicious and was everything I expected it to be and more. For our sides we tried the Mac and cheese along with the fingerling potatoes. For my money the Mac and cheese was not worth, I'd rather save 12 dollars and get Kraft. On the other hand The fingerling potatoes were amazing and went perfectly with the two entrees. For desert our waiter suggested the sticky toffee pudding with vanilla butter ice cream. Let me preface this by saying that I'm normally not a big fan of sweets, but this was absolutely the perfect way to end the meal. While the sticky toffee was incredibly sweet, the ice cream was the perfect companion and together the taste was just delightful. If I were to rate just the beef Wellington and the sticky toffee pudding, this place would get five stars. But mostly because I was disappointed in the steak I have to knock it down one.
5	Food/Cost: (5/5) The food here is so good. I can just stop  there but I can't help and gush a bit. I'm a Californian who has been missing foie gras since its ban so I started my meal with the Seared Foie Gras ($26). And oh my lord it was the largest piece of foie gras I've been served in my life -- very well prepared too. I would actually recommend sharing it (and trust me I don't usually like or need to share my foie gras). The Maine Lobster Appetizer ($28) was also delicious. As for the entree, I had  the Beef Wellington ($56) and tried some of my friend's Ribeye ($58) -- both were spectacular, juicy, and perfectly prepared. Don't forget the sides here either. We tried the Truffle Mac & Cheese and Asparagus ($13/each) -- both also delicious. Then we closed off the already wonderful meal with the most amazing of desserts I've had in awhile.The Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter Ice Cream ($14). I loved the presentation (the ice cream was shaped to look like a stick of butter), the pudding cake was so lucious and moist, and I just couldn't stop eating it! Seriously, the food here is mouth-watering and worth every penny.Ambiance: (5/5) The vibe is upbeat and cool with sort of a red-ish glow eminating from the neon red art piece hanging from the ceiling (supposedly representative of Gordon Ramsey's arm gestures as he prepares the Beef Wellington) and a distinctly London-esque feel. We came for dinner this past Sunday during Labor Day weekend and by the time we made reservations the week before, the earliest they could seat us was 9:30pm. The restaurant is 2 floors, with a smaller seating area on the second floor that overlooks the main dining area on the bottom. You enter through a tunnel-like structure and then end up wih the bar are on the left and dining areas on the right. Location: (5/5) Gordon Ramsey Steak is located inside the Paris Casino and I like the location as Paris is more towards the center of the Vegas Strip. Service: (4.5/5) Service was flawless other than a slight, 10 minute wait in the beginning for our 9:30 table even though we arrived at 9:35pm. The food came at a seamless flow --  and the next dish was always ready as soon as we answered the waiter that we were done with the current one. Overall: (5/5) Come here. You'll love it. It may get a bit pricey but it is SO worth it.
5	Absolutely the best dining experience I have ever had. The ambiance and restaurant design was elegant and upscale yet unpretentious, with an avant-garde and polished twist on a rather classic, almost gritty British-pub feel. The centerpiece ceiling light of Chef Ramsay's hand movements as he prepares a beef wellington dish was a great creative decision for his personal signature. I had the limited edition tasting menu. Every dish was executed with a precision, finesse, and inspired vision such that it triggers not only gustatory pleasure but artistic appreciation comparable to what one experiences through fine literature or music.The kitchen managed even to take the common Scotch egg in an unique direction by pairing it with some lovely red-wine braised cabbage, whose slight acidity and moist freshness had excellent synergies with the texture and heavier flavours of the egg. Moreover, every bite of all the dishes, down to the side vegetables, was packed with interesting flavour. It goes to show that they do not cut any corners and make every component with conviction. The service was great as well. The wine expert obviously had extensive knowledge, and makes great recommendations. Food service was timely and well orchestrated, with just the right amount of time between dishes. Our waiter Charles was very friendly, professional, and told some great anecdotes. Overall, it was a very satisfying experience. My greatest compliments to Chef Ramsay and Chef Christina!
5	What can I say that hasn't been said already? Not much.One suggestion: When you make reservations, ask to be seated in Richard's area. He was wonderful.My fiance and I came in thinking, tv celebrity chef restaurant, how good can it be? It's probably all hype. WRONG WRONG WRONG! From the beautiful girl who escorted us to our table to the wonderful servers to the stiff drinks to the amazing food and triple amazing sticky toffee pudding, everything was perfection.Sorry I don't have pictures because when food comes out I dig in immediately and don't remember to take pictures until I'm halfway done..Food: House Bread and Butter- I'm a pig and I'm not ashamed in admitting I asked for more bread despite all the food my fiance and I ordered. Hamachi Crudo- this was the only "okay" dish of what we ordered. I probably wouldn't order it again.American Rib Cap with Foie Gras- Amazing. Perfectly cooked and so flavorful.Beef Wellington- OMGGGGGGGGGGG. How can something that looks so bland and boring be so jam packed with yummy goodness and flavor?Spinach Gratin- Another winAsparagus- Another winToffee Pudding- Triple win. When I get diabetes from eating this everyday, I will blame it on this dish and have no regrets.Drinks:Can't remember what wines we ordered but they were good pairings.We ordered the cocktails and wines from an ipad. Can't recall what cocktails we ordered either but they were good and stiff. Service:Richard and Jose are awesome! Would love to be seated at their table again.Totally worth it, please please please come eat here!
4	FAMOUS FOR- SteaksBUZZ- Sticky Toffee Pudding (8/10)- Mac & CheeseI ALSO TRIED- Kurobota Pork Belly (9/10)- Bone In Rib Eye (6/10)- Haricot Vert (9.9/10)To kick off our engineering retreat, our flight arrived in Vegas around 7:40p, and then came here for a 9:00p reservation! I honestly was planning on just doing In n Out and throwing away a few dollars at the casino in preparation for tomorrow's meetings, but the boss man insisted we do Vegas right starting from the moment we landed! Who was I to argue? In Vegas, the word "sensual" can describe just about everything. The entrance is guarded by 5 hostesses who seem like they're just there to look pretty...and they're doing a damn good job! It almost seems like a space ship entryway, because they're all wearing a very "sensual" opaque outfit that gives them this enticing sheen. Probably by design, they say they need 15 minutes to prepare your table, so they walk you to the bar. Then one of the hostesses comes by and gets you. In Vegas, everything is made so that you spend money comfortably. They tell you it's no big deal to transfer your tab to your table. Don't sweat it! So there's this guy, Gordon Ramsay, who prances around television telling every chef that they suck, how he has Michelin stars, and they should find another career, unless they win one of his contests, in which case, he finds them worthy to run a restaurant under his name. So, for a guy with a big ego, there's a lot of hype riding on this meal, which is my first Gordon Ramsay place ever.KUROBOTA PORK BELLYBasically 5 cube pieces of pork belly served on a dish with a dollop of grits and other stuff. The pork belly is incredible, in fact, it's perfect! There is a perfect amount of char on the top layer to give it a delicate crisp. Meanwhile, there is such a great sweet but deep flavor in the bite size piece that has all the characters of a great pork flavor, but also with just enough fat to give it almost a spongy and super tender texture. There're a couple different sauces smeared on the plate, and I honestly don't remember what they tasted like, but the pork belly stole the show anyway.BONE IN RIBEYESo Gordon, nice appetizer. But let's talk main course! I haven't had a lot of Kurobota pork belly before, but I have a large repertoire of premium steaks to compare against. Can you hang?The steak had a very clean presentation. Nice char - the kind that looks like freshly cooled molten rock, with small ditches where the marbling (fat) didn't char. It's a great looking char, but with the first jab of the fork and slice of the knife, I'm missing the suspenseful sound of crispy char. Little disappointing, but let's eat! First bite, I find that there was in fact a little bit of char there, but not enough to really lend any flavors. Good marks for technical quality - medium rare was spot on. It was moist and juicy. The steak was tender, but not nearly as tender as a 40 or 55 day dry aged David Burke's steak (Ramsay only does 28), but the Achilles heel was the seasoning. This seems to be the problem with all Vegas steaks I've tried, from SW to Carnevino to Ramsay's, they all have the same problem. They're about 80% of the way to being an eclectic steak, but it's always that hurdle. So, unfortunately, we have a tie with all the other Vegas steaks...which I consider to be less than Morton's.HARICOT VERTThat's ok Gordon, there's still the sides! I had no idea what this was, but it turns out it's French for what we call green beans/string beans. Basically, they're green beans in a tempura batter, fried. But when you have them, it's so much more! The tempura is absolutely perfect! It's so crispy, and maintains that crispness for a long time! The beans are still tough enough to snap when you bite, but they're not crunchy raw. And the seasoning is just so right on! They come with a garlic aioli to dip, but you don't even need it! It's as if each piece was seasoned and personally inspected. I can't get enough of these! STICKY TOFFEE PUDDINGBefore he could finish his sentence asking about dessert, I (since I researched on Yelp) ordered this. It's pretty amazing. It's buttery and super rich! There's no crunchy toffee, but it's all sort of baked in. Just read the description, daydream about it, and that's exactly how it tastes! Texture is like a warm tres leches cake. Delicious, but a couple bites were a little too sweet."THE BEEF IS SO RAW IT'S STARTING TO EAT THE F***ING SALAD!"Had to use a GR meme! No the beef was not raw, it was cooked perfectly medium rare. Well, I guess there're a lot of creative things you can do to green beans, pork belly, and things like that. But a steak...there's not a lot of room for creativity; at least not without transforming it from a Steak to a "Beef Dish." Sorry to say, main course was completely outdone by its appetizers & sides. I bet non-steak entrees are delicious! Too bad the restaurant is called "Steak."
1	This review is not about the steaks, only the bar eats. MISERABLE! Fish and chips were a sad excuse, GR should be ashamed to call himself British. And tossing 5 dried up gnocchi on a plate with arugula was laughable. After trying a 9 course tasting at GRs London in LA, we were willing to give it a try, but dIne elsewhere if you are looking for light apps.
4	It could have been a great experience...but service totally ruined our "good experience". So why a 4 star? Because the food was still great, just service was... ugh. You would expect much more from a place like this. So when you come in, they only give you the drink menu to order, then 15 minutes come to get your drink order. Then 15 minutes later they give you the regular menu. 10 minutes later then come to get your order, and if you don't get an appetizer, the waiter "frowns" upon you and would tell you this "well your entrees are going to take longer to come out because you're not ordering a appetizer" That doesn't make sense? Because if we order appetizers, wouldn't it take even longer for our entrees to come out? I think he thought we were cheap, and that was not the case. We ordered beers, and didn't want appetizers because we didn't want to get full. We didn't even touch the bread. We know with steak places like this, the steak is huge and appetizers would make us even more full. We also order 2 sides (potatoes & mac n cheese) and the waiter was like "you would usually order 3. We felt like he was trying to up sale on everything and gave us an attitude when we didn't take his recommendations. I felt he thought we were cheap and didn't want to order a lot. FYI, we had a show to attend and couldn't waste our time on food we didn't eat. Ugh, it's service like this! Vegas nobody gives you good service because they will always have people coming, but geez, this guy man... we gave him more than 20% tip too. He doesn't deserve it! The steak was good. I shared a porterhouse for 2 with my bf, the filet melted in your mouth. Good filet part. The NY strip part was good, wasn't the best, but it was good. Not the best steakhouse I've been too (probably service turned us off a bit too) Sides were great though, the mac and cheese was sooo good. We made reservations a month in advance. We still love Gordon Ramsay. Just be prepare to be judged... but again, "that's Vegas" for you.
5	WOW!! This place is amazing!! Dennis and Andrew were the best wait staff we have ever encountered! It was my birthday and I received a personal song by Dennis, not your traditional hand clapping and wait staffing singing altogether. The sticky toffee pudding was PHENOMENAL!! Nothing about this place is like any other!! I will make this my place any time I come back to Vegas!
5	Hands down best dining experience I've ever had. Reservations definitely recommended. From the moment we walked in and had a glass of champy at the Chunnel Bar I knew it was going to be a great night. A few of my favorite things: the meat cart, the bacon bread, the beef wellington, the red light sculpture on the ceiling that is Gordon Ramsey's hand movements while making beef wellington, & the STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING. Make the reservation. You will not be disappointed.
5	Everything was perfect! My husband and I both got the filet and shared the mac and cheese and asparagus.  Our waiter Ted was amazing!
5	Best steak experience ever.  Better than Morton's, Ruth Chis, and Flemings. Attention to detail amazing.  Service was excellent.
2	My family and I have been a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay for a very long time!  We were so excited to finally get a chance to eat at one of his restaurants.  Our son who is 11 was extremely sad to know he was not able to join us as he too is a huge fan of Gordon's! I do not think we will tarnish his opinion by telling him about our experience:(.  We were there Monday September 9, 2013.  The whole experience was over priced, undercooked and bland.  I read someone review from the same night that had over seasoned food, sorry I almost wish that happened to us!I actually wanted to eat from the Hells Kitchen tasting menu but was told NO unless everyone at the table ordered it.  The problem was that we were there with friends that do not eat meat.  Sadly I was not able to order what I wanted. As we were also told that we could only order the wellington medium and not well done.Next we were told the wild pacific salmon was actually farm raised and not wild.Our drink orders were fine.Apps were mixed, my onion soup was average, gnocchi was sad and under seasoned, the pea soup was okay, and the Seared Foie Gras was not seared well and under seasoned:(.Moving on to Entrees...  Our Friends both had seafood and pork.  The chops were underwhelming and my friend had better at Delmonico's.  The fishermans grill was tasty but worth half what she received.  As for my husband and myself we were sad about the experience with both the Beef Wellington which was soggy and extremely rare.  We were told we could not order it well, and all of them came out medium.  My husbands plate was bloody and unappealing to look at.  A huge MISS!  I actually ordered the pork belly which tasted okay but bland and was full of fat.  I mean loads of fat, even for the small portion I received.  The portions and the price may have been worth it had our food of been seasoned and cooked.  My husband and I joked that if Gordon were actually eating this meal he would have been disgusted and thrown it all in the trash.  We also had sides of: mac n cheese (again very bland and over cooked), Haricot Vert which was okay, Roasted heirloom carrots, okay, creamed spinach was good but same as you could get anywhere.Our table was too small for the four of us and our wait staff did not seem happy to be there.  While they had smiles on their faces they were not familiar with the menu and unable to answer many questions.  Maybe they were annoyed because we were foodies and asked a lot of questions! I just do not know.  The actual assistant buser to our waiter was friendly but again not very knowledgeable.  The ONLY thing we had that was worth going there was the STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING!!!  Best Thing I have EVER TASTED!!!  I wish I had order only that!  As I would have been completely satisfied and had no need to be disappointed by the $500 plus we spent on the remainder of the food.  Overall I am glad we went, but so disappointed I cannot imagine ever going to one of his restaurants again unless he is there.  Crazy enough we were told he had been there two days before we were.  I wish I knew before we made the reservations for Monday.
5	I came here with high expectations given the hype, and was not disappointed. Here's a tip, it's hard to get reservations, but you can sit in the bar, which has some great tables. Best time to go to the bar is after 9:00 pm, since most people in there are waiting on their reservations. Service in the bar area was perfect! I went with the recommended orderThe Foie Gras was out of this world. I hate hate Foie Gras, my parents force me to eat it as a kid. But this tastes nothing like the cold slimy stuff. This literally hit your tongue and melted into my tongue. If you get anything on the menu that is the one thing you can't miss. I had the Beef Wellington, it was good, but not the best I had. The cut of meat was very high quality and it was cooked perfectly, however it needed more sauce accompaniment to make it phenomenal.  Finally for dessert you have to order the brown sugar caramel with brown butter ice cream. It sounds weird, but is rich and years up your taste buds. The secret to eating it is to combine all three ingredients in each bite. Then you get the full effect of the cream mellowing the sweetness. The Pre-meal bread was blah...The cocktails were fun...The wine list was light...But all in all if you have a few hundred bucks burning a hole in your pocket there is no better gastronomical place to spend it.
5	The Beef Wellington was simply astounding and the sticky toffee cake was incredible.  I cannot stress how delicious the Wellington was - tender, moist, melt in your mouth beef with a perfectly flaky pastry crust! We also had a great server who was very accommodating with the dietary restrictions of one member of our party and the addition of blue cheese to one of our steaks. All around a great dining experience and super delicious dinner!
4	Four stars for one reason.  My Beef Wellington is still better than the $50 Wellington here.  Not enough mustard on the meat, no thyme in the mushroom duxelles, no prosciutto around the meat (weird, flavorless ham stuff on the pastry shell instead).  Better quality filet than I can get out the grocery store though.  I use Gordon's Wellington recipe too.That being said, the service is wonderful and there is a definite attention to detail.  Could have toned down the weird music, didn't know if I was supposed to be in an upscale restaurant or a club that serves really good food.We started off with the free bread they provide, which was outstanding.  We order the Kobe beef sliders (2 for $18).  Very tender meat and a good amount of it on the slider.  Probably wouldn't order them again as I didn't see anything special.We both got the Wellington of course.  Nice presentation and cooked perfectly.  I did notice a lot of salt on the pastry.  That doesn't bother me, but might be too much for others.All in all, definitely a great restaurant and experience.
4	We went to Gordon Ramsay Steak in our last Vegas trip, which seems like a landmark you just have to visit at least once.  It was not hard to find if you enter from the Strip entrance of the Paris hotel especially when it has a red grand entrance.  The tables seem to be running late when we arrived on time and still had to wait about 5-10 minutes.For drinks, you order from an iPad menu, which was quite neat.  First item our server introduced to us was the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu, which was a 4 course meal for $145/person featuring dishes from Hell's Kitchen.  The odd was actually requiring everyone in your party to order it.  Price was reasonable for high-end fine dining, but too bad the wife was not onboard, so I could not try it.  I guess pick your party carefully next time?We started the meal with British Ale Soup and Maine Lobster.  The soup tasted ok, it reminds of a bad French onion soup.  The lobster had some great combined flavor with a decent sauce and nuts at the bottom.  The breads were actually very good, and there were about three different varieties.For main course, we ended up getting the Beef Wellington for two, they can only cook it at Medium Rare for some unknown reasons, good thing both of us eat steaks at that rareness.  Since they baked the steak and combining with the pastry, it really did taste like a roast beef sandwich in some ways.  The potato puree really resembled mash potato on the side.  It tasted great overall.Service was excellent that night and we briefly saw Christina Wilson when we first sat down.  I think I will return once I gathered the correct foodie and spendy party next time.  The ordering just felt too restricted.
5	Amazing from start to finish!   Even walking up to the entrance I got excited.  The hostess were in cute black dresses.  The tunnel like entry way. The decor is all cohesive from the menus, to the glasses, to the Lazer chandelier.  Detailed service... Never an empty glass.  The steak preview got me really excited (major carnivore). We had foi gras, pretty large cut. I ordered the Kobe American Skirt steak.  Good if you like sauce on your steak.  I paired it with bone marrow.  Two large bones, far too much for me but definitely worth what you pay.  My cousin ordered beef Wellington.  I would order it again.   THE STICKY TOFFEE WITH BROWN BUTTER ICE CREAM to die for!!!   Coming back for this!!!
3	Overall the food was excellent. The only item I would not order again would be the baked potato. The potato sounded better than it turned out.The first server forgot the appetizer. So we went without one. She then neglected to mention flat water was $9 bottle. No biggie had she properly informed us of the options. What bothered me most about the water was that it was brought out to the table already opened. I'm not one to pay for water, however if you are going to pay for water I would expect I to be brought to the table sealed. Otherwise I am left to assume the restaurant could be filling the bottles with tap water in the back and charging me for it. It should be opened at the table same as you would do for a bottle of wine. This was done twice. The server also lacked concern for our table. Our glasses were empty for approximately 20 minutes before she noticed. Not the kind of service I would expect from this particular restaurant. Half way through the meal the first server mentioned another server would be taking over for her because she had some other things to attend to in the restaurant. I was ok with that because she wasn't doing her job properly to begin with. I was hoping the second server would do better. This was not the case. The second server ignored our table even more than the first. It took the server 30 minutes to figure out we were done with our meal and ask if we would like to see the dessert menu. Due to the extreme wait I was so irritated that I asked for the bill instead of ordering a dessert. Due to the poor quality of service the restaurant lost revanue in the form of the appetizer and dessert I never received or ordered. The tip also reflected my disappointment. Next time I am in Las Vegas this restaurant will not be on the top of my list because of the poor service I encountered during this visit. It was to bad about the service because the food was fantastic.Had we encountered a different server I believe I could have rated this restaurant much higher.
5	I debated on eating here due to the high cost but I'm so glad I did!! I ordered the rib eye steak, medium well (I don't like my meat bloody) and it was soooo good!!! At medium well, the steak melted in my mouth, soooo good and tender! The most tender medium well rib eye I have ever tasted. The complimentary bread here was awesome too. The butter w the salt was so good. The bread is all you can eat, so eat up and ask for more. The best part is that we took home some of our left over food, and the waiter gave us a set of new fresh bread to take home! This was after we had two helpings of bread at the table. We ordered a side order of mushrooms to go with our steak, very good. Various types of mushrooms came with the dish.and last...the sticky toffee pudding with butter ice cream. I debated on getting one since I was so full but I'm so glad I did!!! The sticky toffee pudding is nice and light but tasted so good and with the butter ice cream, it's like you're in heaven!!!Just a few words of advice. Don't opt for the bottled water they try to push on you in the beginning. Ask for water in a cup, the water tastes filtered and fresh so no need to buy bottle water for $6 a bottle. Also, they will tell you the steak takes 30 minutes to come out, no need to order appetizers, the compimentary bread will fill you up and you can get as much as you want at no extra charge! Also, make a reservation as this place is pretty booked solid.I also got to take a picture with Christina, Hell's Kitchen winner from season 10.I love this place! If anything, order the sticky toffee pudding!
5	I'm not going to even fake that I have money. When someone (Trip Adviser) says the average bill at this place is $240 for 2, there's no question it's not in my budget. So hubby and I scoped it out longingly for 2 days. We looked at the menu, asked to see the wine list (had to go inside and ask for it, they keep on an iPad it's so extensive). Walked in, walked out. Finally, we asked about the bar and were told it's first come, first serve and they offer the whole menu.  They invited us to go in and look in the bar. I turns out, we had no reason to be so intimidated. People were in there sharing a burger and fries, just like any other restaurant. We are huge Hell's Kitchen fans and really wanted to try some of Ramsay's signature dishes like fois gras and beef Wellington.  So that's what we did. Fois gras ($26) was heavenly. I've eaten a lot of different preparations of it, and this one was the best I've ever had. Served with some type of jam and a pistachio pesto thing. Really paired well with the $10 beer I had (innes and Gunn) which is aged in bourbon barrels. We also had the kobe beef sliders and split the Wellington for one and it was a huge serving! We couldn't pass up the sticky toffee pudding dessert. It ended up being a huge meal and our total bill was $155 plus tip. Totally worth it for what we got. The food and experience were memorable. Just do it.
4	I love Gordon Ramsay but I'm not in love with this restaurant. Because of his reputation and the food quality of his restaurants, I actually expected this place to be less casual and a bit more sophisticated and quiet.  However, this place was very casual and the music was a bit loud. The service was very attentive and our waiters were remarkably knowledgeable.  We started off with their complimentary bread samples, which were good.  For appetizers we had the Foie Gras. T'was my first time and it was exquisitely lovely!  We also ordered, of course, the famous beef wellington... which was delicious but a bit over-hyped.  The beef wellington did melt in my mouth and the texture and taste were overall tasty. However, it was a bit too cool as if it had been sitting out for at least 30 mins.   If I remember correctly, the bf had the rib-eye.  We also ordered the mac and cheese but by the time the mac and cheese came out, we were way too stuffed to enjoy it.  I like my mac and cheese on the creamy side and the mac and cheese here was thick and a bit dry for my taste.  Not a fan. Overall, it was a good dining experience but it was not worth the price.  The high price basically compensates for the extraordinary service.  I wouldn't go back at this specific location again but if Ramsay opens up another restaurant nearby, I'd definitely try it.
4	The service was spectacular We order the filet it was good but very expensive $79 dllsFor 8oz  the waitress said it was because it was marbelAnd it give it more flavor.I really didn't feel it was worthed.The onion soup was good, but a little too sweetAnd we love the spinish creamI really wish I like it better.I love Gordon's burgr at the planet hollywoodA lot more than this one.
3	Atmosphere was loud...too loud for my liking with the music.  And the red lights destroyed my vision of the food.  I couldn't tell how well the filet was cooked cause everything was blinding red.  To start, I had the British Ale Onion Soup which was actually really good.  The onions weren't overpowering like other places I've had.  The main course was the American Filet.  To be honest, this should've been the centerpiece of the whole meal but it was disappointing.  It felt overcooked (I couldn't see cause everything blinding red from the lights above us).  All I wanted was a medium rare filet but it wasn't tender and seemed to lack any seasoning.  A shame that much cheaper steakhouses have provided a higher quality meal.  Didn't even bother with dessert since the entree was so disappointing.All I could say was "THAT WAS A $80 FILET?!"...
5	This was my second visit to GR Steak, and it was excellent yet again. I've been managing and laboring in the restaurant business for over three decades, and these people do it right. They really, really do.Our server, Jonel, is perhaps the very best I've encountered in this industry. My letter of commendation will be in the mail shortly. The staff here is uniformly excellent, but Jonel clearly exceeds that standard. She is genuinely proud of her profession and has obviously mastered it. We were treated on a royal level from start to finish. I cannot recommend her highly enough.The food, as expected, was superb. I've yet to find a flaw in any of the dishes here. Two highlights, as suggested by Jonel, were the French Press and the Sticky Toffee Pudding. This is a place where the coffee matters, folks, and the pudding is everything you've read and heard about. Those who remember Butter Brickle ice cream will be taken back to better days--but with vastly improved texture. This dessert--and its presentation--is a true masterpiece. Chef Ramsay believes in value for money. He delivers. He remains at the pinnacle for good reason. When we decide to go out for dinner, these are the folks we should be hiring and the food we should be eating. We've got way too many choices out there, and the majority of them are mediocre at best. For my own hard-earned, this is a much better one. I'll be returning, and soon!
5	I have been here three times and will keep returning every trip to Vegas. The bread especially the proscuitto/fig rolls are amazing. I wish I had the recipe to make them at home! The drinks (pricey) but good. Service was phenomenal- My first trip here I had a tasting menu, the restaurant had only been open a couple months so I expected slow service, speed bumps etc.. there were none. Beet salad, asparagus soup with crab and caviar, the steak, the panna cotta- everything was beyond amazing. Second time I had the Wellington and its worth every penny! My favorite things are the after dinner french press at the table coffee with chocolate and liquer spoons and the sticky toffee pudding. Its pricey- expected from Ramsay. I will definitely keep returning here.
2	Went here for a business meal. Good points - service was good and a good choice of cuts and non steak options. Bad points - very noisy, and the food was good quality bit nothing special. I had kobe rib cap and it was stringy and did not taste like it was grass fed. $58 for something that was ok.
5	What an amazing experience! Showed up an hour before our reservation and went up to the bar. Got seated and the service was fantastic. Waiter was very knowledgable and friendly about everything on the menu. Had the bone-in ribeye and it was perfect! The customer service is top notch, if you ask where the restroom is, they just don't point and say its over there. They stop what they are doing and walk over to it. Never seen that anywhere before.
2	I was disappointed with our experience.  I expected a five star, fine dinning experience. I expected a more sophisticated, intimate atmosphere.  My husband and I were seated at a small two person table which was so close to the next table, I could have eaten of the diners' plate at the other.   I had high expectations based on the cost per plate and Gordan Ramsay's name.  The first signs of my overall experience was the 'guided tour' from the hostess.  She found great pleasure in pointing out the red light that represented Gordan Ramsay's hand motion.  I was not impressed as I went to the steak house for a great dinner not to see an unimpressive light representing the hand motions of a celebrity chef.  The overall food quality was poor. We ordered the porterhouse steak which was significantly undercooked.  The baked  potato had been made hours before and asparagus was lack luster. I was surprised the chef expediting allowed the food to be served.    The service was also mediocre.  I was surprised to see all male servers.  We live in and work in a modern country.  Please hire female help.  The young lady bussing tables visited us more than our waiter.   We will not go back and do not recommend this establishment.
1	We watch Gordon Ramsay all the time and were so excited to have a reservation in one of restaurants - so disappointed. First, the two people in the front couldn't find our reservation. They were staring and staring and staring at the screen and not answering our questions. I think their tight clothes were reducing the blood flow in their brains. We then remembered that American Express sent us an e mail that day reminding us of our reservation. We found that and showed it to them and voila - they found our reservation. The lady who took us to our table in the second floor was charming. Our waiter was very good - half Japanese and half Spanish. His assistant didn't seem to want to work that day - maybe it has been a long day. I don't think the food was at Gordon Ramsay's standard. Anyway, we went to Jean Georges Steak House in Aria Resort the next day and were very pleased. We were told by friends who frequent Las Vegas to go to Jean Georges but we love Gordon Ramsay and had to try his restaurant. We will not go back.
5	Loved our evening here with friends.  We loved our waiter, he made my friend feel very special when he sang to her for her birthday.  The sticky toffee pudding was to die for.
2	1 star for Gordon Ramsay just because we love his show and 1 star for the runner/busboy for our table.Unlike other steakhouses, the hostesses here are more on the younger & chic side versus the usual professional looking hostesses at other steakhouses.  When I walked in to look for my party's table, the hostess just let me in without asking if I needed help on finding my party.  We waited for a good 10+ minutes before our server brought us a "drink menu" and 10 minutes later the food menu.  The server was friendly and professional on introducing different types of meats and we were excited to try the bone-in ribeye, lobster tail and the infamous beef Wellington.  So, here is why the -3 stars:We waited 40 minutes for our entrees to arrive because the beef Wellington takes 40 minutes and those of us who ordered ribeye were starving.The lobster tail, more like a prawn was smallllll! Probably halves of 1/4 lb lobster.  On the upside, it was fresh and delish.My ribeye had so much tendon that my jaw hurts from chewing.The ribeye wasn't as flavorful as I would expect dry age steaks to be like.  The fats on the ribeye wasn't seared/rendered well enough and was a lukewarm (although it was cooked perfectly for medium)So chewy to a point that I decided to talk to a very detailed runner/busboy who has been very attentive to us about my steak.  After I told him about all these tendons in my steak he went back and talked to our server and our server NEVER CAME TO OUR TABLE to see If he could do anything about the steak or at least show some concerns about my $$$ steak.The fingerling potatoes & creamed spinach was good but we didn't get to finish it because the busboy assumed we are finished and just took the plates away.  It was just very unfortunate that my first experience a gordon ramsay restaurant ended up much less than expected and I'd definitely go with my usual steakhouses (joes in forum shop or SW steakhouse) in the future.
2	Similar to some of the reviews for this restaurant, I was pretty excited to try it because I love watching Hell's Kitchen. The food was ok and the service was terrible. The hostess out front was very rude and it took about 10 minutes for us to even be acknowledged once we were seated. Service throughout the night was very slow and it felt like we weren't an important cover.The food was ok. The oysters were fine and the highlight of the night was actually the Caesar Salad. We had the signature Beef Wellington for 2 and found it to be medium rare at the very center, but mostly medium which made it very dry towards the end. I've had better beef wellington for $50 less. We had wine with our meal as well and was surprised that it was just poured without the opportunity to taste before fully pouring each glass. Overall, not a great experience for ok food. I would try another Ramsay restaurant but would not go back to this one. It would have been fun to see him in action in this kitchen.
3	The overall experience here was just ok. I was expecting quite a bit, you know, given it's a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. Here's why:1. The wait to be seated for our 9:15 reservation was a bit longer than expected. And we were made to wait outside vs. at the bar.2. The decor is amazing. Very, very romantic, modern, and hip.3. The service was incredibly slooooooow. It took 5-6 minutes to get a drink order in once we were sat. Then another 5-6 minutes to get bread. Then another 5-6 minutes to get the bottle of wine. Then another 5-6 minutes to see the presentation of meats. Then another 5-6 minutes before we could order. And the time it took to bring out the food was around 15-20 minutes. So I was a bit disappointed that it took 30-35 minutes to begin eating.
5	We had to try eating here after wtaching all Gordon's shows, to see if the food and service were to be held in the highest of his standards.We are pleased to report that they exceeded our expectations,Yes the price is high, but we will never forget a meal that was so incredible.The beef wellington is the specialty of the house and rightly so.The entire experience from when we arrived to leaving was timed perfectly so we could get to see a show a few hotels away.Thank you Gordon Ramsey and team!
5	A friend and I went here last night for the first time.  Completely blown away from start to finish!! Even the chairs (we noticed there were different ones available, depending on the table you were sat at. Ours were red leather.) were amazing!! The staff was so professional and knowledgeable about everything on the menu (your table is serviced by multiple staff members) and were "spot on" with there recommendations!!! The complementary breads served were absolutely delicious! We ordered the pork belly appetizer and were so impressed!! Definitely recommend that, if you go!!! For our main course, we ordered both the beef Wellington (how could you skip that??), and the Kobe filet with a butter poached lobster tail. Fingerling potatoes with truffles, and mac'n cheese, rounded off the meal. Ok...when a steak is so tender, your knife has difficulty cutting it because any pressure forces the meat to "surrender"....RIDICULOUS!!! Get the Kobe!!! Beef Wellington...amazing!! Both sides?....amazing!!! Portions, especially the lobster tail, seemed a bit small, but that worked out "famously," giving us "room" for dessert! All I can say is...the toffee pudding thing is OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! I eat out A LOT, and this may have been the best restaurant experience I've ever had!!!
5	I went here last night with my gf and had one  of the most incredible meals I've had at any restaurant...anywhere.They started by bringing us out a plate with several different types of bread on it that were warm & flavorful...followed by some excellent cocktails...We ordered the shellfish platter & it came out looking like a work of art. Very tasty crab, tiger prawns, oysters, mussels, and lobster.We both ordered steaks; for her; the Kobe skirt steak & I ordered the Kobe Filet Mignon. They were cooked to perfection & literally melted in your mouth like butter. The Parmesan potatoes that accompanied the steak were flavorful & delicious as well..We were so full & satisfied after the meal that we had no room for dessert & had to settle for an expresso instead.The martinis we received with dinner were excellent and STRONG!The service was flawless and you could tell with every motion the waiter(s) took at & around us, that they were well trained & so very professional.The waiter was very informative, there were several of them attending to our needs before we could even mention them. We felt as if we were the only people eating in the place!The ultra-modern set-up & even the music in the restaurant was relaxing, casual & enjoyable. There was nothing that we Didn't enjoy about our visit...it's a bit expensive but very well worth it.We highly recommend this place to any & all who want the ultimate dining experience mentored by one of the most talented chef's on the planet !
5	Honestly I was over steak places in Vegas because from all I've tried between STK, SW, Botero, CUT, etc..none were too impressive. Me and the lady decided to give GRs new place a shot, from the time we walked in to have a drink at the bar to the time we were seated I had a good feeling that we weren't going to be disappointed. Started with the pork belly and a Caesar salad. Pork belly was amazing. Pretty much kicked the plate clean. The bread choices, soooo good, especially the pancetta cheese flaky one. Actually asked for more, that with the salted butter I was already McLuvin it.For the main course, she went with the prime cap and I had the Wellington. Both came out perfectly cooked, now he Wellington was spot on and delish BUT, if get a chance, DO order the Kobe prime cap. Its literally the perfect combination of flavorful tender meat. Don't hesitate.By dessert we were pretty full already but I wanted to see what the toffee pudding was all about, it came out and from the first bite I almost blew a load. I just remember laughing cause I was so surprised how this place didn't skip a beat. Ordered some espresso, spot on. Bill came out to about 3hundy but IMO completely worth it. Take someone special for this great dining experience. Cheers!
5	Bread selection is delicious with salted butters. Great accompaniments for steaks my favorites were bone marrow and foie gras. Sticky toffee pudding, one of the best desserts ever.
5	Reasons why you need to come to this restaurant:1. Gordon Ramsay!!!2. Adrian our waiter was amazing, he is so personable, nice, and super funny. At the end of the night he came to our table and said we were his favorite of the night.3. Food is beyond amazing, literally melting in your mouth.4. Sticky Toffee Dessert = Best in the World5. Your Vegas experience wouldn't be complete, without eating at this place.So make reservations, get fancy, and treat yourself!
5	To describe this experience in one word- PERFECTION!  I was in Las Vegas for the first time on 10/10/13 for my wedding. As a treat, my husband and I made reservations here since we are avid Hell's Kitchen/master chef/all around Gordon Ramsay fans.  We arrived about 15 minutes early and the hostess seated us in the lounge.  I love the atmosphere there and how they utilize new technology. Their drink menus are all digital on an iPad.  We were seated pretty close to our reservation time and our server Matthew and his helper Ruben were phenomenal! Ruben always made sure my water glass was full throughout the whole meal. Matt was very informative and did not force us to go in any specific direction when choosing what we were going to order. My husband and I did order the tasting menu which far exceeded any and all expectations. We almost didn't order it because of a bad experience we had ordering the tasting menu 2 nights before at another famous chefs restaurant (B&B). I am so glad we did get the whole experience at GR Steak. The courses got better and better as the night went on. The Amuse  Bouche was out of this world. Layers of flavors exploded in my mouth with each bite. The beet salad was a nice refreshing course to prep us for the scallop risotto, which was perfect as well! The scallop lived up to Gordon's expectations. The risotto was the perfect consistency. As for the Wellington, well, it was the star of the show.  The pastry was light and crispy on all sides. The filet was cooked perfectly. We are from the Midwest and know our steak temps. When they say medium rare, that is exactly what it is. The caramelized carrots and potato mash were the perfect compliment to the Wellington. The last course, sticky toffee pudding was to die for! I've never had it before and was a bit doubtful that I would like it, but it was so good I wanted to lick my plate clean!! Paired with the toffee ice cream, it was delicious.  Do not listen to the bad reviews on here. Had I done that, I would have missed out on the perfect evening with my new husband. The food and service was excellent.  Anyone who gave anything less than 5 stars did not know what they were taking about and must have been looking for anything to complain about just to complain. My experience here alone is what  makes me want to come back to Las Vegas. In fact, my husband are planning to come back next year with his parents and uncle to share this experience with them - D&M
5	This place was amazing!! From food to service I could not find one thing wrong. We ordered the shellfish appetizer and split it. I like the oysters on the half shell and my boyfriend likes shrimp and lobster so it worked out well. The oysters were exactly what I expected. For the main course we each got steaks and mine was the Kobe skirt steak. This steak was pure perfection. They don't even offer regular steak knives (at least not unless requesting one) at this establishment because all you need is a butter knife. The service was amazing and we never had to wait long to have our drinks replenished. I had some type of antioxidant cocktail and it was something very smooth that was sweet but not too sweet and I could have drank all night long. We will definitely be going here again the next time we are in Vegas!
5	I had high expectations going in - and the meal exceeded them.  I reserved a table using Open Table. I ended up arriving about 45 minutes early and they graciously seated me immediately. The service staff was amazingly attentive. I explained that I had come for Gordon's Beef  Wellington. Ask them to pick a drink. I was served some thing called the HK. It was a light concoction with cranberry with mint and blueberry accents - perfect. Then the bread service arrived. A small collection of four different breads and a pat of Devonshire butter. All of the breads were great, but the brioche with prosciutto was special. They paired a gorgeous glass of Cabernet from Justin with my Wellington. Both were perfect. The 28 day dry aged filet at the center was amazing. For dessert I chose the Sticky Toffee Pudding. This alone was worth the trip! I finished it off with a great cup if French pressed coffee. Perfection!
5	I don't think I've had anything quite as delicious as the Beef Wellington.  Imagine a chicken cordon bleu, except class it up, use amazingly delicious beef and think flaky savory whatever it is that it's wrapped up in.   Simply ridiculously good.  Great fun ordering drinks via ipad menu.  Great service - they were able to set up my wife with a virgin version of the drinks upon request.  I'm probably biased because I was celebrating an anniversary with my wife and just had the best day, but not much to criticize at this place.  Simply fantastic.Also that brown butter dessert thing was absolutely decadent.  I forgot the name but you'll find out when you're there just go.
4	Before I elaborate on the review (and whether you choose to continue reading), all you really have to know are these two very important points:1. Food is excellent. Like, seriously guaranteed to be one of the best meals of your life.2. Service has gone down, dramatically (And I say this, dramatically. Though, still true!).The first trip was definitely worth the 5 stars. Top notch service: very attentive, energy levels were high(high enough to wake me from my hangover), both very important keys in taking a good dining experience to a memorable one. The second time, was an entirely different experience. I wanted to bring my boyfriend here because he's a HUUUGE fan of Gordon Ramsay and I've been raving about the best steak I'd ever had in my life being from this restaurant. When we got there, the hostess checked us into our reservation but there was still a 20 minute wait. The last time I was here, they offered us seats at the bar to wait at but it seems the bar itself has become its own attraction so it was packed and we had to kind of awkwardly stand around instead since there's no real waiting area. After we were taken to our seats, it went from awkward to uncomfortable. Our multiple waiters seemed miserable and our main waiter seemed genuinely annoyed that he was waiting on us. He didn't crack a smile ONCE. I think he even scoffed under his breath when we turned down dessert. However, the food definitely makes up for the attitude. I got the filet mignon both times, and they were excellent both times. It was just as good as I had it the first time around! Very juicy, and very flavorful. It was obviously a high quality cut of meat and in Gordon Ramsay fashion, kept it simple to accentuate the dish's natural flavor. Also, the foie gras is extremely rich and buttery. I almost melted into a pool of my own drool (we no longer have foie gras in California, you see.). Still dying to try his signature Beef Wellington! Will certainly have to save that for another trip. Regardless, my boyfriend lapped it up. He was too focused on the food to notice the rude waiters so he was very happy with his first Gordon Ramsay experience. We still had a good time so the night wasn't entirely ruined. Hopefully you won't get the sour faced waiter, either! P.S. It's $9 for each bottle of water! I mean it's delicious water, but we definitely wouldn't have gone through 3 bottles of it had we known.
5	Well what can I say. I'm already a fan of Ramsey!! So I'm probably bias. The lamb chop that i had was probably one of the best
3	1st off don't be fooled by my rating. The food here was amazing hands down, But the lack of service toward customer customizations and and food requests was not. I went here with my family and was so excited to try the Hell's Kitchen menu, unfortunately, I was not allowed to due to the fact that the rest of my family was not interested in having the same course meal as I was having. I asked if any exception could be made as it was my first visit and was planning for months about it, but alas, managements rules are that the customer is not always right... Now my father in particular is a huge fan of beef wellingtons, and after I built up his expectations of it being Chef Ramsay's signature dish, was very much looking forward to having it, he is Not however a fan of any meat cooked less than charred  well done, not my fancy and certainly not Chef Ramsay's, but it is my fathers, and as a paying customer is allowed to get his meal prepared the exact way he wants.... Just not here at Gordon Ramsay Steak... He was flat out refused to be served the Beef Wellington anything but Medium Rare. I was flat out shocked, that kind of thing could occur at such a restaurant, especially considering Chef Ramsay's so called customer standards. Again food was amazing but the experience was tarnished by poor customer satisfaction policies... Could we have had food just as tasty at a fraction of the price, definitely. But this wasn't about price, it was about the notoriety and the experience, and I personally feel that my experience was not as enjoyable as it truly could have been...
4	One of the most enjoyable meals we've had in a long time. Donnie and Mohonadu made our stay very pleasant. They were very attentive. I enjoyed a bone-in New York strip steak that was seasoned well. The asparagus and fingerling potatoes were awesome. And the deserts were sinfully delicious. The one complaint we can note was that my wife's pork chop was to well done. She had an extremely hard time cutting it. She had such a hard time that she gave up trying to eat it. The atmosphere was great as well. Eating at Gordon Ramsay Steak may be the only reason my wife and I would return to Vegas.
5	Probably the best meal I've ever had. It is not just dinner, it is an experience.The greeters and the servers were top notch, by far the best service I've ever had and I've been to my share of fine restaurants over the years.What topped it all off is the food, and that's what it is all about anyway.I had Kobe sliders, Chorizo stuffed Lobster Tail and the Beef Wellington -- all were absolutely amazing.My biannual Vegas trips will now include dinner at Gordon Ramsay Steak, no doubt about it.
4	This, out of all the experiences we've had on our five weeks trip, is probably one of the most longed restaurant experiences. We booked the table as soon as we decided that we were gonna pass by Vegas, around 3-4 months prior to the actual visit. We didn't think that it was such a big deal, since we booked that long in advance. Apparently, the receptionist in our hotel in Vegas disagreed. Once we said this was gonna be one of the highlights in our trip, she commented:"how'd you guys manage to get a table there?! You booked it 3 years in advance or something?" Boy, did our eyes popped out and our jaws dropped when she mentioned it. Well, luck was in our favour, I guess. Since we checked out on the internet how we were supposed to dress (business casual), my boyfriend and I slipped into something fancier than our jeans and tshirt. He slipped into a shirt and dark trousers while I into a pair of heels and a dress. When we got there though, we were left a bit disappointed and felt a bit silly with our outfits. We saw people with khaki shorts and checkered board yellow shirt, tshirt, and all those outfits that we never would've thought to be categorised into "business casual". I thought if you want to have a dress code for the restaurant, it would be best to keep it that way.The rest of the visit though, was beyond our expectations. We got a table upstairs where people were dressed fancier (plus and minus for us, since we totally missed Christina from Hell's Kitchen) and the waiter was very knowledgeable. He pulled out a meat trolley (yes, I mean it!) and showed us the different cuts and all the goodness that came with the cuts. In the end though, we were tempted by the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu. We got five dishes and all were accompanied by wine that matches it. To say that the food was great was to say the least. The scotch egg was perfectly cooked, the tomato heirloom salad got this vinaigrette that could turn a meat lover into an herbivore.  The risotto was creamy and scallop was seared finely. The wellington, it just melt in your mouth like it was nobody's business. The sticky toffee pudding was just heavenly. It was sticky, sweet, and you just want to lick your plate and ask for second.In the end of the night, we left the restaurant very pleased, full and a bit tipsy. I don't know if it was the alcohol they kept serving us with each dish that made the food tasted superb, but what I know was that if I was to visit Vegas again, I would definitely make sure to make a reservation here again. Every penny was worth it.
4	I am a huge fan of chef Ramsay, so when I got the opportunity to dine here, I was so excited. It was amazing! The food was amazing, but the service made the experience incredible. The only negative our party had was that an extra dirty martini was far from perfect, even after sending it back. However, that was a tiny part of a delicious meal. I had heard amazing things about the dessert,a me the sticky toffee pudding did not disappoint! While I doubt I'll ever get to eat here again because it is extremely expensive, I look forward to trying his other Vegas restaurants and if I ever have the opportunity to return to Steak, I would jump on it!
5	This is a must have if your in Vegas food is excellent to say the least, one of the best meals I ever had. The beef Wellington was excellent and so tender. For desert I enjoyed the vanilla filled donuts.
5	My boyfriend brought me here for my Birthday since I'm such a big fan of Gordon Ramsey.   I was just awed when I walked through the portal from Las Vegas to London.  The restaurant ambiance was amazing, nothing like I've ever seen..very mind blowing.  We ordered the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu (5 course meal). When you order this you get a signed autograph picture of Gordon Ramsey.  The assorted bread that was included with the meal was delicious and fresh.  Every dish in the menu was just unbelievable and to top it off the sticky toffee pudding with salted butter ice cream was heavenly.
5	Gordon Ramsay is my all time favorite chef in the world and I was dying to see how his restaurant in Las Vegas was. This was one of the restaurants that were on the higher price range and more of a fine dining location; which was exactly what I was looking for. I had the beef wellington which was absolutely phenomenal and I don't think I've tasted any steak product as amazing as that. The sticky toffee pudding is one of Ramsay's signature desserts and I have now known the reason why. You literally experience heaven while indulging this dessert. It is perfection to the tee. I loved this place and loved the food even better. I would definitely go again and I will forever and always remain a Ramsay fan.However, I was disappointed when my husband and I had arrived 20 minutes early and were seated 10 minutes after our reservation time. This was infuriating because a couple was seated earlier when they had walked in later but as soon as the manager was informed we were seated immediately but the hostess only told us we would be seated upstairs and showed us to the table without saying another word. I had heard many hostesses saying a phrase to other customers as they walked them to their table but I am still in the dark about what this particular catchphrase is. Also, our waiter was the one to tell us that the light fixture in the center of the restaurant ceiling was created by a Canadian artist who was trying to illustrate the way that Chef Ramsay cooks. He was quite surprised that the hostess did not mention anything to us below. At least we got to find out eventually. Another disappointment was that we were not shown the infamous steak display, which was what the waiter was supposed to do before we order our food. However, after we ordered I had seen this steak display being shown to others and out of curiosity I had asked a waitress (other than our own) to show us the display but that was after we already ordered and too late to choose new items after learning the exciting details about the different types of steaks served at the restaurant.Overall, some of the staff may have been below average, as previously stated and also hostesses and door people munching away on snacks while on duty, but my feelings towards GR have not changed and the biggest reason for this is because the food was out of this world.
2	8/2012 I was so excited to come here for an anniversary dinner and try my first Beef Wellington. The new chef from Hell's Kitchen hadn't started yet. The pastry touching the beef was soggy and a doughy blood. Waiter was not attentive and offer to fix dish. I booked reservation 6 months in advance and told them the occasion. The waiter said :" anniversary? Happy Anniversary. Would you like to see a dessert menu or just the bill?" WTF. I am a huge fan of all of Chef Ramsey's shows but this was a miss. We were all dressed up for the occasion and had people just walking in with shorts without reservations who looked like they had better service. I hope the winning chef turns it around. We had a better steak dinner at the Wynn's steak house overlooking waterfall(name?) where we stayed on a last minute dinner. They even went above and beyond with dessert and treatment when another waiter overheard us talking about our anniversary in two days. Had I known, I would have eaten there instead...
5	My wife and I ate here two months after they opened. One of the most expensive places I have ever eaten, and worth every cent. The Lamb Duet, Lamb Chops and Lamb Shepherds Pie was perfect. My wife's ribeye was awesome. Hopefully It's still just as good today.
5	My wife and I try to eat at a new restaurant everytine we visit Las Vegas. On this trip we went to Gordon Ramsey Steak in the Paris Casino. You need reservations to get in because they are always booked for the night. Our waiter Donnie And Sergio were surperb. The explanation of the menu choices was excellent. We decided on the 32 oz. porterhouse to share with mushrooms and asparagus. The steak was fantastic. Done to perfection medium rare.They brought out the meat after grilling to show us what it looked like before taking it back and slicing it for us. What great service!  You must make an effort to eat here when you are in Las Vegas. The experience is well worth the expense. Next time the Tasting Menu with their Signature steak - Beef Wellington. Ask for Donnie, he's great!
5	Me and my girlfriend Love Gordon Ramsay and his food, this was our 2nd time here and let me just say the service was unreal. Our waiter Yaron was the best waiter we have ever had in fine dinning. If you do get selected to be in his section you are in for a good time. He has a great personality and made our dinner an experience and not just about the food. The food was amazing, I had the filet and my girlfriend had the wellington. The food is simply unreal. I have nothing to say about the food other then you will love it. The manager on duty was also very nice coming by our table to ensure everything was going good. I suggest you try the drifter cocktail, it was sooooo good. We did try all 3 of his restaurants during our stay in vegas and this was the best. #1 Ramsay Steak #2 Ramsay Burger #3 Ramsay Brew Pub - not our favorite but was still good. We will be back next year and will personally request sitting in the same section as Yaron. Thanks for a good time.
5	I am AMAZED! Gordon Ramsey has kept his restaurant up to the standards he expects in his shows. The service was absolutely impeccable! The food, mouth watering & innovative...though expensive ;) And the whole experience was PERFECT! The Sommelier even came over and gave my friend a bottle of beer that he thought he would enjoy! Such a great touch! 5-Star, and a job well done Gordon Ramsey!
5	I went here for dinner for 2 because I wanted to experience what a Gordon Ramsay restaurant was like.So, on a Thursday night the place was completely booked up. If you plan on coming here make sure you have a reservation for a seat in the restaurant or else you'll be looking for a seat at the bar area, which might be hard to do. We got lucky and found a nice seat at the bar and were greeted right away by the bartender Tracy. She completely made us feel very welcome and didn't judge us despite our young appearance, which was a concern for me. The restaurant was ultra modern and very edgy. This is the most edgy steakhouse I've ever been in because of the loud music and dim red lighting. Also, the uniforms for the staff was congruent with the ambiance of the restaurant, which is expected from Chef Ramsay.My date had the Beef Wellington for 1 and I had the short ribs. Both dishes were amazing and worth the money to try them at least one time in your life. Lol. The amazing thing is that when the dishes were brought out, the staff described the components of the dish again, which was even more detailed than the menu. So, this was a plus because I've never experienced that before. It was a very nice and fancy touch to the experience. I highly recommend dining here...it's a Vegas must!
5	Doesn't get better than this. Perfect food, amazing desserts and the best cup of coffee I've ever had. More of an experience than a dinner. From the rolling meat cart to the passionate wait staff and hostesses, this was a perfect evening.
5	I have been fortunate enough to eat here a few times and each time Gordon did not disappoint!   They start you off with different breads. I can not stop myself from eating the pancetta rolls. If it's your first time here you have to try the Beef Wellington. I tried foie gras before at another restaurant and didn't like it.   My cousin order it here and made me try it... So glad I did because it melted in my mouth!  I had to order one for myself. Make sure you order the appetizer one, the flavor is intense.  What makes this restaurant even more special is that offer a Rib Cap cut.  I tried this the second time I went here. I have been to lots of different steakhouses and never had this cut before. OMG it's heaven sent!! You have to have the Sticky Toffee Puddingwith their French pressed coffee. It's so light that it could practically fly off your plate and it goes so well with the coffee. I just love place !!
5	Four words..  BROWN BUTTER ICE CREAM.    There is a special place in heaven for the inventor/creator (?) of this wonderful component to the sticky toffee pudding. The decor is cool and has a hip contemporary vibeThe service was very thoughtful friendly and attentive.The wine list had great selectionsWe had the beef Wellington which was as good as the hype suggested. And crab legs which were as good / better than any I have ever had.  Leave room for desert.Oh yea, then after dinner I got on a heater and the Paris Casino craps table paid for my dinner (and then some) ;)
5	My wife and I are GR fans. Excellent food and service from Matthew! Snobby host. Pricey, cause you pay for the name and location, but worth it for my wife's bday and just to try one of GR places. Like Yelpers say the music is a bit loud but no biggy. We had chorizo stuffed Maine Lobster app, asparagus and mushroom, medium filet, I had med. rare bone-in NY, nice assortment of breads. We really wanted dessert but were too full. All of the food was excellent - great flavor, cook on meat, seasoning!I asked about Christina. Matthew said she was on vacation visiting friends and family in New York. He said when she is there she works the line. Not sure we would go back since there are so many fine dining to try and we rarely get to do it, but I'd definitely recommend.
5	Shaun and Shaun were an amazing service team. Every bite we had from the bread service, fois gras, chowder, Wellington, rib eye, carrots, and mushrooms were perfectly seasoned. Dessert was nothing less than AMAZING as well.
5	This place was awesome. From the service to the food, there was nothing to complain about. Everything was cooked and seasoned perfectly. I had the Beef Wellington, which I must say, was one of the best things I have ever tasted. The sticky toffee pudding with the brown butter ice cream was a culinary delight. I wish I could buy that ice cream by the gallon!!   We saved this place for our last night in Vegas and boy did we go out with a bang. The whole dining experience was 5 star from begining to end.
2	I came to Gordan Ramsay's Steak with a group of friends last night. We all concluded that it was absolutely nothing special at all and 4 out of 6 people in our party did not care for their steak at all. The flavoring in the steaks were completely absent and there was just nothing special at all about the food. I will say the tartare and the Sea Bass my friend had was very good but that was really the only thing anyone in our party liked. The service was also nothing special which you would expect out of a steakhouse labelled as $$$$ on Yelp. Lastly, the restaurant is extremely loud. I'm not exaggerating when I say that you have to shout when communicating with people at your table. I won't be coming back and I will not recommend this place to anyone. Again, just nothing special at all and it was actually pretty pricey at $250 per couple.
5	Happy to have find my new best restaurant ever. The previous one was the "Maison Aubrac, rue Marbeuf, Paris, France".The American Rib Cab was incredible, i liked it, and advice it !We was received by some very cute girls, and very nice guys, we was served by Donnie and Carlos.I like the very smart wine selection on iPad !!!And finally, we was in during the Halloween night, we were very well accomodated even though we were in costume and makeup for the occasion.Our only disappointment was that we hope to meet Gordon ; and we don't :(Sorry for my bad english, i'm french :)
5	I just had dinner there last night and I just had to write a review. I read reviews about noise level and service and I found NONE of them to be true, in my opinion. We had the HK tasting menu and loved every morsel of our meal. The service was amazing and Charles, our waiter was the best. He went out of his way and we enjoyed everything. The food was very delicious, especially the beef Wellington and the toffee pudding and the service was attentive and personable. We were even able to take pictures of Josh, he waved and was super friendly. Can't wait to go back!
5	Best experience.  Everyone remembered your name, and called you by it.  I dont think there's anything not awesome on the menu.  Yes it's pricey, but it's not like you do this type of thing every day.  I'd definately go again. Only thing missing was some shouting coming from the kitchen
4	The last two times we went to Vegas, we had to check out Gordon Ramsay's upscale Steakhouse.The place has a very nice ambiance ans is also innovative with its menu presented on an iPad which is what Gordon Ramsay seems to do in all his Restaurants. Their food may come in small portions, but you get great quality food that is truly delicious. The bread selections as appetizer before your meal will get you started for a great meal and any steak is highly recommended. A classic staple is -of course - Gordon's Beef Wellington. My favorite, however, is the steak that just melts in my mouth: The Kobe knee cap. As a dessert to finish your meal, you must try their sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream! I will definitely be back.
5	Gordon Ramsey Steak was amazing from the moment we walked in until the moment we left. Let's start from the beginning: Arrived early for our reservation and were seated at the bar while our table was being readied. Our bartender Neal, (I believe), made my friend and I, the two best dirty martini's we have had in a long time. The olive stuffed with blue cheese and bacon just made the drink that much better. Before we could take a second sip, our table was ready. Our waiter was Anthony. Steak should clone him. He was fabulous. He explained everything in depth with enthusiasm. He even pointed out things, like the neon light sculpture on the ceiling, that were particular to Steak. He made us feel welcomed.The food:My friend and I shared a Caesar salad. It was great. Just there perfect amount of dressing. the scotch egg was a treat.For the main course there was a debate. I wanted the Beef Wellington and my friend wanted the Wellie and American Kobe Wagyu Beef Cap (she and I had never had that before.) We agreed to split our meat entries with each other. Well, after the first bite for each of us, we decided sharing was not going to work and gave each other a sliver of our steaks. The food was out of this world.For desert we shared the Sticky Toffee Pudding. It was my friend's birthday and Anthony had a candle added to it. She felt very special.Price - It's a steak house on the strip. It is not going to be cheap but for what was served and the service received it was worth it. It was about $130 per person including drinks (at $13 per x 4).I would recommend this restaurant as your fancy meal out when in Las Vegas.
5	Flew out to Arizona to spend some time with a friend.  We drove out to vegas knowing we were going to go to a Ramsay restaurant, after researching and looking on Yelp we decided to go to the steak house in the Paris resort.  As huge fans of his shows, we decided to get the Hell's Kitchen Menu.  This is my first time on Yelp and will say a few things.We arrived at Ramsay Steak about 10 mins before our 8:30PM reservation, we go to the hostess and told they are running a little late...No problem, we will go to the bar and grab a drink or two.Waited about 15 mins, and some how the hostess knew who we were and took us to our table.  We got sparkling water and waited for the waiter to take our order....Now this is where shit got real:  I am from Washington D.C. and I found myself out of the element LOLThe bring out the bread, I didn't realize but I was cutting the butter with not a butter knife...felt like a dip shit but hey, not use to fine dinning.   Now to the Hells Kitchen menu:Let me first say that our waiter Charles N.  was the man!  He explained that we will be in for the meal of our lives,. and he was not joking.  From the first course "Scottish egg"  to the Beef Wellington to the Dessert, the wow factor was there!  From the first bite, to Andrew changing our cutlery to the drinks to the experience it was fucking AWESOME.  Charles N was the best waiter I have ever experienced and Andrew was his help, I have to say that this was not just fine dinning, it was a fine experience!  We asked if the Hells kitchen winner was available to maybe take a picture, but she was on a (I am sure well deserved) vacation.Thank you Gordon Ramsay for that experience, Charles N. was a great server and his help Andrew made this experience great.  We paid almost $500 for two of us, and I would Happily pay that again for the same experience!
4	Nothing short of AMAZING. Splitting a salad, steak, and a side was enough to cure my hunger for more, I only wish it'd never end. The American Kobe Rib Cap with Foie Gras was delicious enough to satisfy even the most insatiable desire. The food and service is all 5 star quality but the menu pricing is as if they expect everyone to be hitting the jackpot in the near future.
2	While walking around the Paris for the first time i decided to see Gordan ramsay steak house. As coming up to look at the menu i over head the host and the manager gossiping about the customers. So i stood and listened. i was surprised what i heard! It completely turned me off from eating there. Gossiping staff and slow reaction to new customers. i can only hope the food makes up for the bad staff.
5	Great Fingerling potatoes. Great beef wellington. Fantastic service!
5	Have been to Steak three times now....  Drinks are amazing, my goal is to sample every drink on the menu.  First two trips, i ordered the wellington... amazing.  This last trip, i decided to go with the kobe filet and lobster.  The price was high, but i never have a problem paying, because the filet is the best steak i have ever eaten.  Save room for dessert. Sticky Toffee Pudding with brown butter ice cream is amazing. Enjoy!
3	My husband has been looking forward to dining at Gordon Ramsey Steak house for months since we booked our mini getaway to Vegas. He's been a huge fan of Gordon Ramsey since I first met him. He followed many of the Gordon Ramsey's shows like Hell's Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmare, and Master Chef. We found it odd that the restaurant was located in one of the older casino - Paris; I think for a trendy restaurant like this would be better located at Aria, Cosmopolitan, or the Wynn in my opinion.We had a reservation at 6:45pm; the hostess greeted us and another girl (hostess) took us in an imaginary "transport portal" inside the restaurant. The atmosphere was quite trendy and loud like a club. We were seated on the second floor which was 12 feet away from the loud speaker; for about 40min into the dining experience, my husband was annoyed by the loud music and we literally left the evening with a headache.  I would think a prestigious steakhouse would have more upscale feel.  Service was great from everyone except the girl who led us to our table, she sounded like she didn't want to be there and in a super low voice that we had to "huh" after every time she spoke a word. Well, Let's move on to the food: my husband ordered their famous beef wellington which he's been dying for; he thought the wellington was good but was not wow by it. First, the beef tenderloin tasted like it was cooked hours before we ordered. I guess this is the reason why there are no option to choose the way you want it other than medium rare; second, the buff pastry tasted like outer layer of a Chinese melon cake. Over all he was a bit disappointed; I think if the beef was cooked by Gordon himself, it would have been more memorable.I ordered the American Kobe, they had three choices to choose from. I chose the tri cut which was recommended by the waiter because is more closely to a rib eye. My first bite was like eating a thick layer of fat, I quit eating after my third bite because it was too heavy and greasy. I had tried Japanese Kobe before, compared to American Kobe it was not the same. I also ordered their foie gras, it was the best for the night, not because of the taste but the portion size of it; however, the foie gras was no comparison to Picasso at the Bellagio or Bouchon. We also ordered a side of asparagus which was over cooked. My husband and I wanted to the have some dessert, but the heaviness from the Kobe ruined our appetite.I don't think my husband would ever come back here again, unless Gordon Ramsey is making his appearance at the restaurant. It's a 3.5 stars from me.
5	I was a little worried about going to eat here after reading some of the reviews.  I am so glad I didn't buy into the negative comments.  The music was loud but not annoyingly loud.  We have 4 kids ranging from 2 to 10 so it wasn't hard to hear eachother or staff, we also didn't have to yell to have a conversation. From the moment my husband and I stepped up to the podium we were greeted and shown immediately to our table.  The hostess explained the Chunnel as well as the main lighting fixture in the dining area.  Everything was amazing from the service to the food.  I did the ordering since I did the research on the place. For starters we had the pork belly, and when it came out it scared my husband a little but once he dug in we both agreed it tasted like awesome carnitas. ;)I ordered my husband the Wellington because he always wanted to try it since he saw it on HK, which was so good.  I had the bone in rib eye, probably the best I've ever had.  For sides we had creamed spinach and Mac and cheese which I think we could have either done without or shared one.  I'm a steak person so I don't mind eating a good steak and nothing else.  Save room for dessert even though it might be hard, the sticky toffee pudding was out of this world good.  The couple next to us ordered the donuts and those looked really good too.  But I didn't have any room for anything else after we split the sticky toffee pudding.  It is now my favorite dessert ever.
4	We had a great time here.  The service was fantastic and we were taken care of by several people.  My husband and I did the for 2 beef wellington, the American Kobe sliders, oysters, asparagus, and loaded baked potato.  The baked potato was huge, but I wouldn't call it fully loaded (it had butter, salt, pepper and bacon).  The asparagus was a little tough and under seasoned.  Everything else was phenomenal.  The beef wellington cut like butter and was a wonderful rare color.  The sliders were the best I have ever had... so yummy!  My mom had the seasoned beans and they were super good too!  My brother got the sticky toffee for desert and that was excellent.  I got the cream filled donuts and the dipping sauces they were also very good.
1	0 stars.  Asked if we wanted truffles.  Said yes and they added it to ALL ten of our dishes for an extra $150 charge.  What?!?  They couldn't tell us the upcharge in advance?!?  I'm very upset. This is underhanded.  Will never come back.  Watch out for this scam.  I felt like I was in a foreign country and was taken advantage of.
5	We had the fall tasting menu and left so full. Everything was awesome! Must try the sticky toffee pudding and the beef welington. The antioxidant is by far the best drink I have ever had. Great night.
5	I wish I had a bigger stomach when we ate here!! I had the beef wellington.. it was cooked to perfection and my side of mac & cheese. My DF loved his steak. I loved the whole theme with the "chunnel" and the decor. Our waiter was wonderful and made a great suggestion for our wine. Everyone was very attentive. I would definately return when in Vegas.
5	I don't get all the negativity here on some of the reviews. There are a million "Fine Steakhouses" in Vegas, you need to stand out to get the business these days and Steak did imo. If you want the quiet 5 star experience this may not be for you, but if you like great food in a trendy setting, it's the place to be. My wife an I were there about 6 weeks ago (haven't had time to do Vegas reviews since we got back), the food was excellent and the ambiance was just fine. We got there about 5 minutes before our 6p reservation on a Sunday and were seated immediately. We had seats in the middle of the balcony so you got to "take the entire restaurant in," I think part of Steak is the experience that some complain about. We did the 5 course tasting menu (was the Summer tasting menu). It's a bit pricey to do the tasting menu, but most tasting menu's are ($140pp)  and I'd only do it once because some of the other stuff looked so tasty, but as a HK fan you get a hand signed GR photo with the menu as a keepsake for each diner as well (and Christine the HK season 9 winner who still works at Steak which was her prize, she signed it as well between her expediting) . It's also the only way to do Gordon's famous diver scallop risotto. So the tasting menu was: Heirloom Salad ( I forgot the name special name): Had an excellent sauce with it, good starter. Also got the complementary bread plate which was phenomenal, I think it had 4 different types of buns/rolls, my wife didn't even have to ask the waiter saw how much we enjoyed it and when he saw her grin when he said something he just brought more.   Scotch Egg: I've had a few of these over the years, these were hands down the best I've ever had. Another "lick your plate clean" between the sauce, egg and cabbage. Diver Sea Scallop Risotto: Excellent, wish there was more, it's the reason so many try this menu and I understand why. Beef Wellington: My wife who's not a huge meat eater finished hers before I was half way done with mine. Only bummer about this is you only get about a half portion as the regular menu (but the 5 courses fill you up). Excellent, my wife, the usually at least medium well to well done beef eater when she ever eats it thought it was great. It was melt in your mouth good, the pure with it excellent as well. Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter Ice Cream: It's as good as you hope, too often at places you have this amazing meal only to have a subpar desert (if you have one) This one did not disappoint, for those that don't like sweet deserts, don't put a ton of the caramel on the cake, I do though so I loved it. The ice cream (which is shaped like a stick of butter) also phenomenal.We had the service you'd expect at a restaurant of this caliber and the food to go with it. Again I wouldn't do the tasting menu again, more because I'd like to try other things on the menu when I'm there next time, but if you're an HK fan do it, you shouldn't be disappointed. And I'm sure this will become a regular stop on my trips to Vegas.
5	Went for my birthday dinner and it was absolutely AMAZING, the very very very best steak I've ever ever had!! Worth every penny spent there. The atmosphere was good too...only down fall is that it's pretty noisy. But other than that a HUGE A+!!!
1	If I had I choice I would personally have given them a 0 star rating.  It was that horrible of an experience. I have been to many upscale restaurant and watching all of Gordon Ramsay's show. I am usually glued to his tv shows watching how great of a chef he is and the service he expects his teams to provide. We traveled all the way from Arizona to celebrate my boyfriend and his buddies birthday at Gordon Ramsay steakhouse. This was the only reason we traveled all the way to las vegas. We had high expectations and heard so many great things about the restaurant.  First off, it started by the multiple attempts to try to make reservstions. I had to call atleast 5 times with multiple run arounds. The first time, the reservation line told me I had to talk to special reservation since I had a party of 8. They provided me with a number. This number they provided me could not take reservations for less than 10. So then I call the reservation line again. The reservstion line tells me they cannot take reservations for more than 6. They told me I had to talk to the restaurant. So I ask them for a number. The reservation line tells me they don't have a number.  They tell me they can transfer me. So they do and I end up back at the same reservation line again. After about 3 attempts of transferring they provided me a number for a manager. I was irritated already at this point. However, I continued to try over and over because this was for my boyfriend and our friends birthday. Finally, I got in touch with a manager.  When I spoke to the manager and made the reservation I confirmed with the manager atleast 3 times if this was Gordon Ramsay Steak inside of Paris hotel. The mamager reassured that I was talking to the manager at Gordon Ramsay Steak. She even guaranteed me the reservation was there and not to worry that she had it taken care. I took her word for it and thought after this horrible reservation experience everything was going to be great. Forward time a month later..we show up at the restaurant to find out the reservation as the staff claimed was made at the wrong restaurant. The restaurant also never even called to confirm our reservation for saturday night. Most restaurants call the day before to confirm. Had they called I would have known there was a "mix up" and made arrangements or gone to the correct restaurant...as they claimed I was absolutely wrong.  I had no Gordon Ramsay even had a pub and grill. We get to the restaurant and we are told the reservations were made at the pub and grill. I asked how is this possible I told the manager I was reassured and guaranteed that I was talking to the manager at the steak restaurant.  The GM happened to be standing there..I believe his name was JP. He was beyond rude. He did not once apologize for the mix up. Blamed it completely on me and stated that his staff would never do such a thing and I was absolutely wrong and had no idea what I was talking about. He kept trying to give me a confirmation number.  Great that you have a confirmation number but what is this going to do? The fact was..the "GM" who I could almost bet should have been hired for great service provided the worst service I have ever seen in a high end restaurant.  The GM could have handled this is very many different ways. Had he offered to even call the other restaurant to let them know we were on the way or even apologized for a mix up that would have been fine and I would have appreciated the help. The fact that he just continued to blame me and give me a snooty stuck up attitude that was terrible and made us feel as though we were not good enough for his restaurant. Words can't even explain how he talked to us and how unbelieve the "GM" was. I have never been so upset before. I have managed restaurants before..I also come from 12 years of customer service jobs. I can reassure you my friends and family will never be back to any Gordon Ramsay chain of restaurant.  We were extremely disappointed and let down by this experience.  Especially after traveling all the way from arizona to celebrate and eat at Gordon's restaurant.
5	5/5... This is definitely as good as it gets. On Nov 10, 2013 me and my wife went here for a dining experience I will not be forgetting anytime soon...The service from the greeters to the waiter was amazing! The waiter explained all the different types of meats in detail. He was easy to understand!My wife ordered the Beef Wellington and I had ordered the Beef Ribs. Our app was the Lobster dish... The bread was amazing too..I will keep this review short as I am in agreement with all the other 5 star restaurants here..One thing I didn't like was that we were charged for Water (both tap and sparkling) because it was imported from Wales. Not that big of a negative since the food was already super expensive.. This is not a place I will be going to every week anyway! Only on special occasions!!!I recommend this to all to give a shot who feel like blowing off a couple 100 in a day with a date!!!Happy customer here!
3	I consider myself quite the steak fan, and having been to vegas a ton of times, I feel like I have a very good sample of what the best this city has to offer. Whenever I try a new steakhouse for the first time, I judge the place by it's rib eye.I had a pretty decent 24oz bone in rib eye. It was definitely a prime cut, but the seasoning was very underwhelming. I always refuse to put steak sauces as I am quite the minimalist when it comes to steak, but almost ordered some sauce this time. This was actually a bit shocking, as Gordon himself is quite the critic on his TV shows about other chefs and cooks being shy with seasoning. I also ordered pan seared foie gras which was rather small for the price. Their wines by the glass were quite subpar as well for a steakhouse.For those vegas goer's that are looking for a good meal with great music, ambiance, and a dog and pony show (they make up some stupid comment about some shuttle taking you from Paris to London har har), this is your place. For those that are looking for a GREAT steak, consider looking elsewhere, but i don't particularly think you can go wrong if you wanted to just try the brand. If you can't get a table here, I'd consider these ranked by my personal opinion top to bottom:Carnevino (if dining for two as the rib eye for two is probably the best I ever had)Delmonico (perfect for those who are minimalists like me who don't mind a little butter)Craftsteak (good for ambiance too)CutPrimeHonorable mention:EnvyLawry's ( not really Steak but damn good)Gallagher's
5	Delicious food in an interesting and beautiful setting.  Service was great.  We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner experience here!
1	Made reservations here and by the time we got there, they had messed up and couldn't get us in whatsoever!  The general manger and hostess were the bitchest and rudest service I've ever dealt with.  Even if they apologized or somehow showed that they cared, then it would be fine....but NOPE not even a sorry was ever mentioned!!!  Even though this place have gotten good reviews, I will never come back to give it a try.  Sorry Gordon Ramsey, you guys have just lost quite a few customers and will definitely spread the words to our friends and families!!  Suckaaaa!
5	The second time and still the best rib-eye I have ever had. We started off with three orders of roasted bone marrow with extra Brioche as an app. Three people from the back brought it out to the six of us in style! The bone marrow was lacking in salt.. But we brought our own sea salt to save it.
5	We don't normally dine at expensive steakhouses, but I have always wanted to try the Beef Wellington so we made it a point to go. We tried walking up but they were booked. We were offered the alternative of "first come" service in the bar, but it was packed. So I went online on my smart phone and very easily made a reservation for the next night. We were seated right away upon our prompt arrival. The staff was friendly and professional. The food was outstanding. They even brought around a meat cart so you can see the different cuts of meat. Everything was explained...the different types of bread, how long the Wellington would take, except the fact that they charge for the water. (Unless I missed that?) It's bottled and imported, and not free, so just be aware of that $9 charge for a bottle of still (the word "water" is not in the description on the receipt.) Oh, and know that a soda is $6. Wow. I knew I was going to pay over $50 for the Wellington, but that's just robbery on the drinks. If you want to save money, make sure to sign up for a free Total Rewards card first. You get a discount. -- prices with and without that card are printed right on the menu. This is a good place for special occasions. The music was a little too loud, which we experienced all over Vegas during this trip. So it wasn't especially romantic. But it was really delicious !!
5	The most amazing meal I've ever eaten.  Sticky toffee is a must, no matter how full you are.
2	GREAT SERVICE, I mean really good!!Went and had a business dinner there, wine very good, Wife did not enjoy & was in the ladies room most of the night afterwards. Mine was fine but could have been better (for the price). Guests thought it was OK, next time Mesa Grill.Stars, my Wife votes for 2 I give 3.5, since the food for her "Didn't work out" I have to go with the 2.Another Fantastic Great Service restaurant but cannot go back, the cost was to great for food that did not  "Jump off the plate".
5	My wife and I had dinner at Gordon Ramsay Steak House Nov 2013 while in Vegas. I ended up not feeling well right before the food came out. We stayed and I ate anyway. The service was top notch and the food was excellent. I ordered before I started feeling ill so my food was way to much for me. Even not feeling well the food was great. I will definitely go back. The only thing I did not care for was the onion soup, I am sure it was prepared well but not thy style onion soup that I like. I wish I felt well enough for desert.
5	To start with, I am a huge Gordon Ramsay fan. I watch all of his shows and realize what a culinary perfectionist he is.  I knew that I most likely would not get to see him, but that this restaurant should portray his hard assed attitude and what he expects from any restaurant.  It does!  The loud music kind of took me by surprise, but I liked it.  It made the place seem a little less stuffy.  The wait staff deserves all of the stars that I have given this place!!  All I have to say is WOW!  A crumb didn't hit the table without being swept away, a drink of water didn't go unnoticed and was followed with a topped off water glass immediately.  One of my group reluctantly sent a steak back which had a butter poached lobster tail beside it.  He had taken a couple of bites of that before noticing the undercooked steak. Not only was there an onslaught of apologies, but when the steak returned, there was a new lobster tail. While he waited he was brought a plate to eat the side item, a baked potato, which he received a new one once the entre returned. We did go into this with very little expense spared. We had appetizers, a bunch of sides, the best entries, paired with great, (not the best), wine, and finished off with the signature dessert.  Our bill for four of us was over $600.00 before the tip.  And finally a couple of finishing notes;  Book a reservation at least a week in advance, order the truffle mac and cheese, (I can't stress that enough), and try a dessert with the French pressed coffee. This place is quite friendly.  Not so uppity like other high end restaurants that I've been in.  The staff made all of us feel very comfy and welcomed.
3	I take an annual pilgrimage to Vegas with my friends for three nights of steak and other ways to kill ourselves early. We decided to see what Mr. Ramsay had for us. The short review is that the food was great, but the service was not very good. We had a 7:30 reservation and showed up at 7:25. We were not seated until 8:20 with no apology or any sort of acknowledgement of our wait. Parties of two came and went while my party of four waited and waited. Once seated we were promptly greeted and drink orders were taken. The drinks took another lifetime to arrive. We were able to order the food, but the apps did not arrive for another 40 minutes. The apps were fine, but we were just hungry at that time. The meat took even longer to arrive, but was served beautifully. I had the Royal Chop which was full of flavor and I did not hesitate to pick up the bone and find the last bits of meat. The sides were well prepared and complemented the meal quite well. The desserts were quite good. I don't typically care for toffee, but the dessert is as advertised. We didn't leave the restaurant until about 11:00 for a 7:30 reservation and it wasn't because we were taking our sweet time. I would certainly come back for the food, but I was left very disappointed with the service and time it took. Yes, it was a Saturday night, but the restaurant was never full at any point.
5	This place was amazing! I would reccomended to anyone and everyone, we love Gordon Ramsay so we had to try one of his resturants when we went to Vegas. It's not cheap but we had the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu which I highly reccomend before it goes away. Our server was Charles and he was just great, best dining experience thus far!!!!
4	good food, great service.
5	I just had dinner here not even a full week ago, and I'm already dreaming about the next time I'll be back.Like others, I was drawn in by the infamous Gordon Ramsay beef wellington. It wasn't even a decision when the menu came out. The waitstaff and hostesses were extremely friendly and accommodating. They definitely made us feel welcome, and transitioned our bar tab to our table bill easily. (I don't know why some restaurants make that so difficult)We ordered a few drinks, (they ended up not charging us for our soda drinks and only charged us for our alcohol *score*) and for the appetizer we chose the lobster stuffed with chirozo. For our entree we ordered the beef wellington for two.The lobster was amazing! It was a single lobster tail in a creamy sauce with chorizo in the center. The lobster was cooked perfectly and the chorizo not too salty. It took all of my will power not to lick the plate when we were finished.Then the entree came. We each took a minute to just look at our amazing dishes. We also ordered a side of potatoes but they were nothing to really talk about. Just pretty basic, they were good but basic. We ended up not finishing the potatoes. The wellington on the other hand was like food for the Gods. We each took a bite and closed our eyes to enjoy the rich goodness. The meat was cooked perfectly, the flaky crust was flavorful and not dry. Under the fillet was a bit soggy but we didn't care. We pretty much ate in silence after that. It was delicious, and super filling. We definitely did not have room for dessert. Next time, I will be prepared.
4	Good food. Had the Kobe rib cap, probably the greatest thing I've ever eaten.  Wife and kids had Wellington, which they enjoyed. Sommelier was a douche nozzle of the highest order. Wait staff was excellent.
5	The food was out of this world, no words can describe all the flavors my tastebuds has experienced. This is truly the best restaurant around. I had the beef tartare and it was to die for and I could not stop myself from gobbling it all up. For the main course I got the famous beef wellington and was joy disappointed. The best part was dessert if at all this bread pudding is a must try. It was so soft, sweet and tasty my mouth is watering just talking about it! The service was great and drinks were yummy as well. Overall experience was exceptional but it is a bit on the pricey side. Average for two with drinks was about $200 but well worth it.
4	Great service and great food! We were served by friendly waiters, Donnie and Mohomado, during our visit to the restaurant. Ordered the signature Beef Wellington, Braised Short Ribs and creamy spinach. And the famous Sticky Toffee Pudding is completely out of this world! :)
4	Seeing as this place is on the vegas strip, this place can get crowded. Make sure you make a reservation. Before ordering, the waiter brings out samples of the beautiful cuts of steaks for you to inspect. I ordered the beef wellington, it was excellent. You will likely wait around 30 mins for your steak to be prepared.
1	We were looking very much forward to dining at one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants, so when last in Vegas, we made reservations here at Goron Ramsay's Steak at Paris, Las Vegas. When we showed up, we were immediately seated - nice - but after being lead through this weird "tunnel thing", whilst the hostess said some cheesy line like, "you're now leaving Paris and are now in London", followed by her directing our sight to this weird, red neon light on the ceiling and said something even cheesier, like "and this is to remind you of Gordon Ramsay in the kitchen"... STRANGE! Then we were lead to the worst table in the house, next to the elevator from one floor to the other, and with a view to the bussing station sink. Uh, NO! I think not at these prices! So, we asked to be reseated. 10 minutes later, the same hostess comes over to the bad table and leads us to an equally bad table, and says, "this table is available, or you can wait another 15-20 minutes for something better". Uh, NO! So, we left and had a wonderful diner, with a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip at the restaurant at the top of the Eifel Tower. Gordon, HINT: get rid of the cheesy entry and bad neon light, and please don't seat me at a bad table, cuz otherwise, this is what you get. LATER!
3	This was my second trip to this restaurant (first visit 5 out of 5 stars). Unfortunately, this trip was much worse then my first. This makes me concerned for consistency. I first visited Steak during a business trip last year, this time I wanted to take my family during our vacation. When we were sat, our server asked if we wanted water, we said yes, as we assumed that like every other restaurant, the water is free..but that was not the case.  We were not told they had imported water (until we asked about it when we got the bill), who needs imported water? During the meal, they kept filling our water glasses, with no mention of a charge or if we wanted to have more of their special water. We were made aware of this when we recieved our bill with $36 charge for water.We also purchased cocktails,  and the water costed us more then the cocktails. Just be aware of this when you visit this establishment. Now to the food. I was not impressed, and my wife (a huge Gordan Ramsay fan) was disappointed.  We ordered the Beef Wellington for two, and it was not seasoned well at all. It was bland, although cooked perfectly. I do not want to be all negative.  The bread plate was amazing, and our appetizers were wonderful. To end our meal, I tried the Sticky Pudding that everyone was raving about,  and I was blown away. If it was not for the water situation,  and the bland wellingtons, it might have seemed like a $300 meal, but unfortunately the quality and service did not meet our expectations.  With so many options in Vegas, I would hesitate to spend my hard earned money here again. So to end...the food was just ok...desert was amazing, service was slow, environment was loud, and watch out for the expensive water. Maybe they can train their staff to clarify that they have imported water, because it was told to us...until we got the bill.
3	First impressions are the hostesses with the tiny little black dresses.  Yes, the attire, or lack of it, gets a person's attention as much as one may not want it to.  My bride & I were asked if we had a reservation.  No, we did not, so we were offered to be seated in the bar area and we took the offer.  Looking around, the space is tinted red, the tables are seemingly mirrors and the seats are actually pretty comfortable.  What I did not expect was a "club" atmosphere for an upscale steakhouse.  Club music was loud and more in the foreground than the background.  I understand this is Vegas and the city is a 24/7 party atmosphere, but come on... this is supposed to be an upscale restaurant.  The noise level made for difficult communication with our server and between ourselves.Other than being way overpriced, the food is pretty good.  The porterhouse was good, not spectacular, and not worth the $105 (for two).  The creamed spinach was awesome, and the loaded potato was a bit overdone, very very dry.  The wine by the glass selections were limited and very pricey.Unprofessional behavior from the male staff - whether management or not, patting the young gals (wait staff) in the bar area on the tush (remember how they're dressed from "First impressions"), or placing your hands on their hips as you're walking by them or in an attempt to get their attention or to get them to move so you can get into their space may seem acceptable at some level or even flirtatious, but it is very unprofessional in any restaurant at any level.  I must have been seated in one of the very few places in the bar area that a patron could witness these interactions.Based on my experience, and I've been to numerous upscale steak houses between the Mid Atlantic and central Texas, by comparison this one doesn't come close to being one of the better ones.  I can say I've tried it, and it's good - but not so good that it deserves any kind of hands down as good as it gets praise.  Mortons, Sullivans, The Palm (DC-Tysons) and many others offer much better quality food at slightly better prices.  GR, are you listening?  While it's okay, I cannot say I'm a fan when I think my money would be better spent at one or more of the previously mentioned places.
5	Had a phenomenal meal at Gordon Ramsay Steak in Vegas. Just an explosion of flavors. My highlights were the Beef Wellington, truffle mac n' cheese and sticky toffee pudding. Was amazing how you could get so much toffee flavor without it being overly sweet. The chocolate liqueur spoons served with the cappuccino was a nice touch. Prices were not bad for locale and calibre of meal.
5	OMG... Gordon Ramsay Steak at Paris in Las Vegas is AH-MAZING!  I can honestly say that this was the best meal I have EVER had.  Seriously.  I even saved this review to be my 100th Yelp review!First off, let me start by saying I love fine dining.  I enjoy the experience and have been doing so all my life.  So on my most recent trip to Las Vegas of course had to try it.  I was devastated when we couldn't get a reservation.  So my first tip... Make a reservation, EARLY!  Plan ahead and make sure you have a table.  We arrived right when they opened so we grabbed a table in the bar area.  Luckily they still serve the full menu in the bar seating area.  While I was tempted to try the wellington due to Ramsay's TV shows, the rib cap came highly recommended.  The flavor was beyond amazing.  Below are the dishes we had.  Absolutely every single item I am listing here I am highly recommending!!Beet salad appetizer : I don't know what they do to these beets, but the way they paired so deliciously with the goat cheese and creme fraiche.  My husband which doesn't like beets even liked this!Hamachi Crudo : the black garlic puree that the fish is served on is delicious.American Wagyu Rib Cap : The marbling and flavor of this cut is like no other.  I had never had this particular cut of meat before and let me tell you, whenever I see it I will order it.  We were told that all the meats are aged there on site.  So cool!Mac & Cheese Side Dish : two words... savory & heavenly...and finally for dessert the sticky toffee pudding.  I'm english and have eaten sticky toffee pudding for christmas every year since I was a young girl.  This was by far the best I've ever had!  Just the right about of richness, the cream wasn't too heavy and since it is such a rich dish, the size of the dessert was just perfect.Expect to pay for such amazing cuisine.  But I promise you will not be disappointed.  I thought that Gordon Ramsay was all hype due to all the TV shows, but damn, he really has earned every bit of his fame!
5	It was a really nice experience.  Our host was not so attentive at first because our group of 7 walked in but no one greeted us. Then a gentlemen asked if we needed help. Yes sir, take me to my table plz.  The experience after that was amazing. Our waiter Donnie, was really nice and real patient with our group.  The staffs were attentive as well.  They consistently checked on us and ensure everything was going well.  We ordered:  beef Wellington, porterhouse, and beef tip cap :) lets say: They are all AMAZING :)  we will definitely come back :) thank you for the amazing experience.  We give Our waiter Donnie a 10 Stars if possible :).
5	Roasted Beef Wellington (5/5)A thin layer of pastry with a juicy, flavor, ham-textured core of filet mignon. Easily my favorite preparation of steak. Favorite steak of the night. That being said, having been to both the Hollywood and Vegas Ramsay restaurants, I prefer the Los Angeles preparation.The Los Angeles kitchen pretty much is prepared the same except it comes with a container of sauce that tasted a bit like jam. It moisturize the meat and gave the steak a little bit more kick. Like cranberry sauce on slicea of turkey.Porterhouse (5/5)I believe the steak was somehow thinly breaded and was pan seared with some sort of red wine and beef broth reduction. Then sprinkled with salt.Wasn't my favorite cut of the night, possibly my least favorite one, but amongst porterhouses, best implementation so far. The flavorful outsides really carry through the rest of the steak.American Rib Cap (5/5)Second favorite steak and I'm thinking I might prefer this over filet mignon and possibly prime rib. Not too sure.The steak was extremely juicy, moist, and flavorful. If the Wellington didn't dominate so hard on so many factors this would definitely reign supreme.Mac and Cheese (5/5)Mac and cheese with truffle oil. Pretty much describes it to a tee. I love truffle oil. So an easy five from me. I bet this dish can be taken up a level with a dash of jalapeno. Sauteed Mushrooms (5/5)A medley of sliced sautewd mushrooms. The mushrooms tasted like mushrooms. Really not much more can be done with them, nor should there be.Maine Lobster (5/5)Chorizo stuffed lobster... I've never had my lobsters stuffed with anything before. It was definitely interesting. Not sure if the stuffing altered the flavor of the lobster in any way,  but the lobster was very flavorful and moist. The sauce that accompanied it was wonderful, a very light sauce that didn't overpower the lobsters natural flavors. The chorizo was present as well, along with some corn. I'm left wondering if the chorizo had any effect on this dish or what its role truly was...Service (6/5)There's great service, and then there's Donnie's level of service. From his presentation of steak cuts, to hos recommendations, to how he handled our billing mishap. He near perfect experience with something on the bill that might've soured our experience to a blemish free experience.We were not happy with the fact that we were billed for the water option which we thought were free. So he took it off our bill and the rest of my party stopped frowning and I'm sure the move will result in many positive yelp reviews. Thank you for taking care of us Donnie.Gordon, I fucking hope I'd be able to shake your hand and grab a pic with you one of these days ;)
5	This place was amazing!! Had the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu. Totally worth ever penny ($145/person) but bring your appetite! A definite must while you're in Vegas... Seriously the best meal I've ever had.Only downfall was that our waiter double charged our account and withdrew over $700 from our bank account and nearly stranded us in Vegas... After countless calls the hotels billing department finally helped us by calling the bank to have it credited back...
5	Ramsay's has become my new favorite steakhouse in Vegas.  The overall surroundings look similar to what it looked like when Les Artiste use to inhabit the location with the exception of a tunnel like hall and a lounge in the bar area where a large table use to exist.  The neon overhang is pretty cool too.Excellent customer service is offered at Ramsay's.  I've been here twice now on two separate occasions with two different servers and I'm quite impressed.  My only warning for the newly initiated is that you just get plain tap water when they ask you for sparkling or still...$8 a pop otherwise.  On my first visit my table accidentally ordered bottle after bottle thinking the still water was plain water...NOT so.  Five bottles later...oh boy.  We might as well fork out for some more wine.Great steaks.  The ribeye is my favorite but they have Kobe cuts that will melt in your mouth.  It's much pricier however, as is the caviar.  To save on price, order sides with your dish like the foie gras or bone marrow (no bread to neutralize the oiliness of the marrow however).The main reason I like this place though is their toffee bread pudding (award winning according to our server)...YOU CANNOT MISS OUT ON THIS!  Save room for dessert.Oh yeah, their complimentary bread is killer.  If you ask nicely they will pack you a few to go.
5	Our Hostess must have paid attention to the note I included on Open Table because we got a great table and our amazing server, Freddy, knew it was our first trip to Vegas.  The entire experience was excellent from start to finish.  Service was impecable, the interactive wine and spirit list was lots of fun, and the menu selections made it hard to choose.  We ordered Sidecars for our drinks and they were stong and delightful.  The selection of breads was impressive and so tasty!  My husband ordered the Kobe Beef Tartar and I got the Kobe Beef Sliders as an Appetizer.  Hubby's app was served with a flair for the dramatic and came with amazing housemade potato crisps.  My Sliders were to die for!  The 45 minute wait for The Beef Wellington was well worth it.. and since we were seated near the pass, we had plenty to watch.  My husband got the Fisherman's Selection.  He said the mussels tasted a bit funny and the lobster was rubbery.. BUT the fish was amazing and and scallops were perfectly done.. so.. all in all it was a decent entree.  I got the Wellington with a side of Mac and Cheese.  I shared both with hubby because it was too much for just me.  We unfortunately didn't have room for dessert.Only downsides.. the presentation by the hostess was comically pretentious (the neon sculpture in the center of the room is a representation of Gordon Ramsay's hand movements in the kitchen)  and the noise level of the music was extreme... but otherwise it was a great dining experience and well worth the high price.   Our server, Freddy, redefined the term "award winning service".
3	This was our second Thanksgiving dinner @ Ramsay's.  Last year's was far superior to this years.  The hostess think they are in the Robert Palmer video, and that they are all that and a bag of chips.  Our wait staff (esp. Johnny) was fantastic.  We had the tasting menu with the wine pairing again.  The scotch egg was great. The beet salad so so.  My risotto (no scallop ~ allergic) was undercooked and the mushrooms were full of dirt and grit. I understand that the mushrooms are "hand forged"  but you still need to clean the darn things. The wellington was just fine ~ and of course the dessert was fantastic.  This visit wasn't as memorable ~ and probably won't be back
5	Gordon Ramsay's Steak was the HIGHLIGHT of my Vegas vacation. The shows, clubs, and casinos are great, but dining here is what stood out the most!I tried to make reservations online and it told me that all the time slots I selected were unavailable! I REFUSED to give up and just called directly. I ended up getting a 6:45pm reservation which is perfect! Word to the wise it's a 25$ fee for EACH person if you don't make your reservation!We were seated upstairs in a dimly lit room, with about 4 large tables. I guess these rooms are reserved for large parties as we had a group of 7. Our service was IMPECCABLE! Drinks were ordered on an ipad, bread was presented to us, and our orders were in quickly! Everyone was looking forward to dining here so we already knew what we wanted. UNTIL our server brought out the different cuts of steak!I stuck to my guns and ordered the 22oz rib-eye! Mother of GAWD was that an excellent choice! I enjoyed it far more than the wellington, which was delicious in its own right. I prefer to have a bit of fat on my steak! Adds additional flavor! The best part is the fat was nice and CRISPY! My mouth is beginning to salivate as I type this! I was given a hard time for ordering a well done steak but who cares! I don't like my food bleeding all over the plate lol... The steak was juicy and PACKED with flavor! MY GOODNESS! THE best steak I ever had!The sides were pretty damn good as well. We ordered asparagus, mac n cheese, loaded potatoes, and a potato puree! The sides are definitely family sized and we shared amongst each other. The mac n cheese was the most memorable to me. Absolutely delicious!Dinner was worth every dime of the $600+ tab! I don't even remember the exact amount. I just handed over some cash haha! Special thanks to the hardworking staff who made our dinner phenomenal!!! I will DEFINITELY be returning the next time I'm in Vegas!P.S.You don't need ANY steak sauce! My sister ordered the house made steak sauce and it overpowered the deliciousness of my steak! She thoroughly enjoyed but to each is own! That's not to say it was bad but it tasted like bbq sauce to me.
5	This restaurant blew me away!  Everything was presented well and tasted just as amazing.  Being a Masterchef fan, I had to come to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and experience what he is all about.  I saw the kids on Masterchef Junior cook the famous beef wellington and had to have me some myself.  I immediately booked a reservation for my family on Thanksgiving.  A holiday will gave me a justified reason to be completely gluttonous and gorge to the max.First off, Steak is located in the Paris hotel.  Just look for the big red sign.  At the hostess desk you will check in, and grab some cool matches :)  You are then seated in the bar to wait for your table.  We were then escorted upstairs to a cool booth with a great view over the entire restaurant.  When you are ordering the waiter will bring over a table with every cut of steak they serve and describe the marbling, texture, and flavor of each piece. The bread plate is pretty darn good!  The two flavors of the pinwheel rolls (truffle and fig + bacon) are both amazing.  It is like a savory pastry that melts in your mouth.  The other breads were good as well, but the pinwheels are the winners.  The butter is served with black volcanic salt which adds a nice smoky saltiness to the butter.I got the Beef Wellington which is served rare-medium rare (this cannot be changed due to the way that it is cooked).  The Wellington was so soft and juicy I was in love.  The truffle and prosciutto around the filet mignon was tasty and the pastry around was super buttery and flaky.  So good.My brother got the short rib which fell completely off the bone.  My parents shared a rib eye because they both have hypertension, elevated cholesterol, and heart issues that they don't want to die of.  The rib eye was sufficient for both of them to share.  The restaurant even cut it into slices to make sharing easier for them.  For the sides we all shared the macaroni and cheese, sauteed mushrooms, and fully loaded baked potato.  The sauteed mushrooms had a nice woodsy feel to it and the mac and cheese was great.  It has blue cheese in it, which surprisingly did not overpower the dish.For dessert we shared 2 sticky toffee cakes!   I would have devoured it faster if I wasn't so fully of steak.  This is their most popular dessert and I can see why.  They pour the toffee sauce right over the cake when it comes to the table.  The cake itself is light and fluffy and the sauce is just heaven.  The salted caramel ice cream comes in a rectangle form, so it looks like a stick of butter.  It was a little bit salty for me and I would have preferred straight vanilla ice cream instead but it was all good overall.I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to spend a lot on a good steak dinner.  The quality of the food matches the price.  It was definitely one of my favorite dining experiences in Vegas so far. Notes:- Use your Total Rewards card to get a few bucks off everything you order.- Make a reservation.- Enjoy everrrythangg!
5	I had been looking forward to eating here for  my anniversary, it was worth the wait!!! We had hamachi crudo for our appetizer, Kobe beef American rib cap, salmon and Mac and Cheese. It was so delicious and currently craving more!!!!
5	This was by far the best meal I have ever had in my life and that is saying something. The beef wellington, the blue Mac and cheese, the bread and the Brussels sprouts were all beyond amazing! I would let Me. Gordon Ramsay scram at me anytime for a meal that amazing! Not only was the food the stuff made from dreams but the service was beyond top notch and if you've ever seen Hells Kitchen you'd know why! Sometimes the seating is limited and only the bar area is available at first come first serve but if you go to the other side of  the bar to the right on the side facing the dining room and kitchen there is extra seating as the bar is surrounded by seats so look there if no other seats look available it is usually deserted in that side. This is a restaurant everyone should visit in their lifetime and I hands down recommend you get the beef wellington because no one will share theirs with you if you opt for the filet instead. Gordon Ramsay is not just entertaining but is a mastermind when it comes to culinary arts! Needless to say my husband and I will most definitely be back!
5	I ordered the porterhouse steak for 2 (32oz)for me and my gf which was $105. Honestly the best steak I ever had. I ordered it medium rare, and it was just melting in my mouth. Service was excellent and you cannot over dress here. If you have extra money for a nice elegant meal I would recommend.
3	Good, not great. Had the shrimp cocktail and prime ribeye. A $54 steak shouldn't need a $6 sauce to put on or dip in to make the steak taste great. My wife had the wagyu skirt steak that had good flavor. Hit Del Frisco or Ruth's for better taste, not to mention value.
5	As a total foodie - this place is absolutely AMAZING and easily my dinner was in the top three of my life. And I'm old. From the food/wine/service perspective it was phenominal. I think it's the ONLY reason to visit the Paris Casino - b/c that place was really a dump. This restaurant seemed out of place for that environment. Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely go again.
3	First off I love GR but I was little let down with my experience at his Steak restaurant. The atmosphere is nice. Contemporary, edgy and clean. The wait staff is very professional and look great. Their presentation is fantastic (meat cut carts) and the explanation of what to order and what you ordered is on par with other high end restaurants. That's where my great experience ended though. I ordered at bone-in New York strip, medium. The result was a fatty piece that was cooked medium well. In my opinion, theres nothing worse than leaving a premium steak uneaten on my plate. Pretty bummed. (-1 star)We ordered salads and some sides with dinner. The salads were pretty standard and the sides: Mac n cheese, potato niblets and deep fried asparagus. Mac n cheese (5/10), potato niblets (7/10), asparagus (9/10). Other than the asparagus, the sides were nothing special. So my biggest gripe is when we were charged for water. They asked us at the beginning of dinner, "Sparkling water or still water?" Of course we always go with the standard free water, so we said "still please." All throughout the 3 hour dinner service they poured our water from these fancy red bottles. Well, we ended up paying  fancy. The check said $20 for water?!?!  (-1 Star) Ridiculous. When we asked the waiter, he did admit that this was something of a issue with other past patrons. He said that they would take it off our bill if he didn't charge it already.  He offered to but to return the charge but it would take a month in processing. We let it go and now I'm writing a non-favorable review on yelp.Summary: If you decide to eat here, open up the pocket book because its expensive. And when presented with your two options for water go with the third option and ask for the "Tap" water.
5	I've eaten good steaks all over, and this was the absolute best! Donovan's in San Diego has been dethroned. The sides were just ok, but I have a new "best" by which to measure.
3	Meh.....  It's really all I can say.  I expected a lot more for the money spent on this meal.  When you spend nearly $60 on a steak, it should be THE BEST steak you have ever had.  The atmosphere was really nice, but atmosphere alone was not worth the better than $400.00 price tag for dinner for four.
3	I'm being a little critical of this restaurant because of the price and amount of other quality steakhouses on the strip. First things first your gonna need a reservation for sure! 2 weeks before there was still limited availability! Luckily we got in. I live the decor and atmosphere of the place. The bar area was nice and they had an extensive alcohol menu. First problem...the bathroom was flooded, gross. I had to leave the restaurant and walk a bit to get to the restroom.Once seated we began the hard decision of choosing our food. We ended up ordering the fish chowder, beef tartar, Waygu rib cap, and beef Wellington. The soup was good, the fish in the soup was really tender and delicious. The tartar was good, but nothing special at all. The 8 oz waygu was really good, super tender and was the reason for the 3 stars! The beef Wellington was good...for beef Wellington! I'm just not a fan of that dish. We also ordered their "famous" sticky toffee bread pudding. It was average.Overall with drinks and tip it was about 350$ and in my opinion not worth it. My steak was delicious but I think with all the other options on the strip I would not be returning. However if your a big fan of Gordon Ramsay and not concerned with price the atmosphere is top notch !
5	Foremost, you may wish to consider requesting a booth upstairs. These over-sized, semi-circular areas allow for a much more intimate experience. It was the consensus of our party that it seemed to block noise ... and it also allowed for a nice overview of the vibrant, beautiful establishment.Additionally, set aside about ninety-minutes for this experience (if you invest in multiple courses). And, let me assure you, it is well worth your time. (Seriously, relish this time away from the cheesy chaos of Vegas). Now, our server was the absolute best. (I wish I could remember his name!) He was charming, warm, knowledgeable, and attentive. (The "meat lecture," complete with rolling visual-aids, was fascinating ... trust me, you will enjoy it!) While everyone in my party ordered these lovely pieces of meat, I am a vegetarian (and did not want to spoil anyone's night out). When I told the server, he did not blink (or scoff), instead, he immediately accommodated me (he set me up with a beautiful beet salad and a variety of sides that were the equivalent of a hearty meal). This amazing man also assisted us in selecting the perfect beer to accompany our entrees (the Fin du Monde was simply spot-on). This culinary genius also selected the perfect sauce for each entree ... without hesitation or pretense. Each person raved about his/her experience. One person literally said it was the first time in months that someone genuinely got "medium rare" right. And, while no one was a bit hungry, we still had to try the sticky toffee pudding. Now, if you have had the push-up pops at BurGr and thought you experienced the "real deal," you have not. The push-up pops are fun (we enjoyed those), but this was AMAZING! The interplay of hot and cold is essential to the enjoyment of this dessert ... try it, you will agree.In essence, the food was delicious. But, in complete honesty, it was this server that made our experience "five-stars." He was not pretentious (as we suspected may happen here and were entire wrong about), he was not "pushy," he was not dismissive ... he was a professional, super nice, sweetheart who literally made our night! (And, we are still talking about him two weeks later!)Know that this is an experience, not just "a meal." Instead of throwing money into a slot machine, why not spend it here, bonding with family and friends. Chef Ramsay has certainly created a bastion of sanity in an otherwise crazy place! Thank you so much for that! We will never forget our visit to Gordon Ramsay Steak.
5	Best resturaunt I've ever been to. We came back the next time we went to Vegas. Just a truely amazing experience. Expensive but worth the price. The steaks are to die for. If you are going to spend the money... go all out! Also. Get the coffee with chocolate spoons. You won't be disapointed by anything!
3	Service- very good, friendly and professional.Food- just ok, I ordered the beef Wellington which was way over done! Roasted potatoes- awful.  I expected much more from this place. Next time when I'm in Vegas I won't be running back.Drink selection- plenty to choose from!Ambience- nice, however the tables are to closer together and I felt like I was having dinner with the people on both sides of me.
4	Had dinner here on 12/7/13 as part of a birthday celebration and am glad I did.  Our host/server Chirs and Johnny were excellent.  They succiently explained menu items, with recommendations based upon what we told them were our taste preference.  Had NY strip (cooked to perfection), lamb combination, and seafood combination.  Strongly recommend them.  The sides of carrots and loaded potato was extremely tastey and I loved the HK Antioxidate drinks.  In fact their specialty drinks are great.Can't rave enough about the service.  Everyone from the excellent Chris and Johnny, to the bartenders and hostess were extremely good.  Love the chunnel aspect, the balcony booth we sat in, and the overall decor.  A little pricy but worth it.I will be going back and taking the family with me.
4	pretty good. I would come back
1	Got a reservation a few months back.  Excellent seat as my husband's a Diamond with Caesar's.  Great service and great food.  Here's the reason for the 1 star:At the end of service we presented the Diamond card and told the service we wanted to use the comps.  We all know how long it takes to earn $300 in comps!The server came back and said the card did not work. He could not use the comps so I put it on a credit card.  A month later we were able to find out through Caesars they did in fact take the comps off the account!  They were paid twice for the meal!So after a few back and forths the restaurants says they can't do anything.  They don't see the comps.  I have the record for them taking my credits AND my credit card receipt.  RIDICULOUS!I love Ramsay's burger place and did love this until I learned what a bunch of scam artists they are.  So disappointed!!All in all I paid over $600 for the meal. For a $300 meal it was good; not for twice that.  Gordon, who do you have running this place?  As a Vegas local who goes to nice restaurants on the strip several times a month, this is not one I will be returning to.  I'll do Carnevino or Holmstead.  Better service and not scammers.
3	This Steakhouse did not make my top 5 for Vegas because I didn't have the steak.  I had the Wellington which isn't just the meat to judge by itself on flavour and tenderness.  The Wellington was good, I wouldn't order it again because I like the flavour of ribeye and the fatty goodness that comes with it.  Food - seafood tower, if you screw up chilled fresh seafood in billion dollar hotels that receive fresh seafood every day, well then you don't belong here.  Oh yeah it was good and fresh.  Best part of the meal, the sticky toffee pudding and the coffee.Atmosphere - no different than any other trendy restaurant in a Vegas strip hotel.  But we did meet Christina.  Service - excellent.  The napkin lady folded it for me every time I got up.  ThanksWine - great selection but would you expect differentlyNest time I will judge it on the steaks.
5	I have been a lot of places and when it comes to overall dining experience this was the best I've ever had. Warm greeting by hostess then went to the bar for a short wait had my wife had specialty martini that was greatly balanced and I had the Blue Chimney (one of my favorite beers). Then the hostess took us to our table but delivered our drinks which I thought was very good service. Once we sat, we were quickly greeted and brought water and introduced back to the drink menu which was on an iPad. We started with the flashed cooked clams. They were amazing! I have never had clams done that way and they were seriously melt in your mouth deliciousness! Let's talk about the bread...this isn't just a dinner roll...you get 4 different small breads each unique in flavor and texture. Our favorite was the prosciutto wrapped fig bread. WOW this was a knock out! It was just bread with bacon flavor with out the bacon. I told the bus boy how awesome it was and he packed us away 4 more for the road! Then we split the Market Greens salad which was full with flavor but not over dressed. Obviously we came for Gordons beef Wellington! I mean this is the best steak I've ever had. It just melted in your mouth but still flaky from the puff pastry outside. Since it was my wife's 30th bday, they brought us the Sticky Toffee pudding. Light, moist and full of delicious sweetness. Amazing. The service was top notch  everything get set on the table at the same time. Bus boys were always cleaning our mess or bringing us more water and the servers are very knowledge about there food. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants the best dining experience. We come to Vegas a lot and we will be back just to eat here again. This is my first Yelp review for a restaurant because it really blew me away.
5	This restaurant literally severed me the best food I have ever eaten. I ordered the stuffed lobster and Beef Wellington. The food was exquisite to say the least. Be sure to clarify tap water or else you'll be charged 9 dollars for a bottle of water though! My wife is allergic to gluten and dairy, and the chef even personally came out to explain what he omitted from the salad she ordered to make it OK for her. That is pretty great service.
4	It's been more than a year since my last visit to Gordon Ramsay Steak.  Being it December, I decided on coming back to have another Beef Wellington since it seemed like the perfect meal for the holidays.Unfortunately, while the food was top notch, my waiter almost killed the experience because he was pretty slow and at times was no where to be found when I needed him.  The most bizarre part was how I sat at my table for a good 20 minutes without a menu.  Not a big deal, since I already knew what I would be ordering, but I just thought it was strange how I wouldn't have a menu right off the bat to look at.  My waiter did do what he was scripted to do like explain all the meats from the cart (The Meat Wagon! --  http://bit.ly/1h8BxQw).  It's still impressive to look at, but if you've been there before like I have, it does drag down the ordering process for me.With all that said though, I still had an amazing meal.Kurobuta Pork Belly -- http://bit.ly/1c2cjnMw/ cheesy grits, tomato jam, onion pork jusThis was a really good appetizer to start off with.  The pork belly just melted in my mouth like butter!!  Interesting take on a southern dish.Beef Wellington -- http://bit.ly/19j6hfQStill the best tasting Beef Wellington I've ever had.  Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!  Wellington was cooked to a perfect medium rare and was juicy and full of flavor.French Press Coffee -- http://bit.ly/1hGdgBV (pic from my last review)Same coffee and and flavor spoons as my last visit.  This time I used both the Amaretto and Baileys flavor spoons.  Still was a great way to cap off my meal.All in all, it was a very good dinner but the service from my waiter was under par.  It's really too bad I have to downgrade to 4 stars, but maybe next time I come by I'll have a more attentive waiter.  Still worth visiting if you're in Vegas and want a great dining experience.
5	I was here twice in one week during a convention, the second time was greated with a welcome back, nice ot have you again.  The service was perfect, not in my face but not ignored and my water glass was never more than 1/2 empty.  As a grey haired woman of a certain age, I am honestly not used to be treated with such respect and courtesy.  And, of course, the food was great, especially the smoked beef tartare, which was outstanding.  I was also impressed with the wine recommendations.   I must compliment Mr. Teresi for his oustanding staff
5	The highlight of my recent trip to Las Vegas.  As a foodie and former restauranteur, my partner and myself had dinner here on 12/16/2013.  With high expectations and recommendations from friends that had visited previously we were still blown away by the menu offerings and decor. The steak offerings were brought to the table and thoughtfully explained as to the grade and cuts of each steak.  I ordered a Filet Mignon and asked for it to be prepared with extra peppercorns prior to cooking and how I preferred my filet to be cooked just over medium, but not medium well.  IT ARRIVED PERFECT.  I couldn't have cooked it better myself.  My partner had the Sea Bass and enjoyed every bite.My main reason for writing this review is to compliment the waiter(s)  DONNIE & CARLOS.  For a busy restaurant, these gentlemen had PERFECT timing, worked to satisfy our requests and gave THE BEST SERVICE I have EVER received in any restaurant in recent memory.  If I could I would have taken Donnie to-go!  Gordon Ramsey was in-house this evening when we arrived but departed soon after.  We missed being introduced to him, but was glad to hear that he does stop in the restaurant often.  Unlike some celebrity restaurants we have gone to and found that namesakes rarely visit their own establishments (E.L) due to too much TV appearances and spreading themselves as thin as icing on a petite-four.I will definitely make it back to Paris Hotel/Casino and hope Donnie is working on our next visit.  Request his station when you make a must-have reservation.  We booked ours through  the concierge at he Wynn upon arriving in LV and they were able to get us a suitable time.Albeit a bit pricey, we were graced by lady luck and put $4 in a slot machine and hit for $300 on the second spin just before walking in the restaurant. So our dinner was a bargain! Once again. Thank you Gordon for paying attention to your venues and Thank you Donnie for providing OUTSTANDING & PROFESSIONAL service unparalleled in today's service industry. You deserve more praise than any tip we could provide. You made this our most memorable meal of the decade.Best wishes for a prosperous New Year. And look for us to return soon.Scott and Chris.
5	A birthday dinner with 11 people (that I like) at a steakhouse by Gordon Ramsay!?! Yes PLEASE! Considering I was lucky enough to try both Pub & Grill and Burgr, Chef Ramsay has set quite the expectation and fulfilled it accordingly. Steak averages around 100 per person so my birthday was the perfect occasion to finally check it out. You enter through a tunnel, and the hostess explains you are now entering the tunnel which takes you from Las Vegas to London. Once you step inside the restaurant you can understand the transformation as it no longer looks or smells like you are in a Las Vegas casino. You are drawn to the beautiful red artwork in the center ceiling of the room. They then explain that is a replica of Chef Ramsay's hand movements while he is making his classic Beef Wellington. For the record, I am pretty much in AWWW at this point. Mouth dropped and all!We are the escorted upstairs to a private dining room. Awesome, quiet, and romantic. But I kind of actually enjoy looking at the open kitchen, and the cool red hanging hand art. Overall, we were there between 2 and 3 hours. It was quite the dinner extravaganza. From the cheeseburger olive in my martini. To the display of steak cuts brought to your table. To the bread basket and it being some of the best bread ever. Truly, start to finish I was impressed. I personally had the 24oz bone in ribeye. I tried Shawn H.'s foie gras (something I previously hated yet enjoyed here) Shared some truffled fingerling potatoes, asparagus, mac and cheese, carrots with chicken skins, and the best beat salad I have ever had. I could go on and on about all the food but until you experience yourself, there are no words. Worth the price, worth waiting for. Just do it. You will thank me.
4	My boyfriend and I came here with a $200 gift certificate in hand, and we found no problem spending it and then some. We started with waiting for a few minutes at the bar, where I ordered a perfect dirty martini and the boyfriend got to catch up on basketball scores. Shortly after, we were seated.For apps, we got the smoked steak tartare, beet salad, and corn chowder. Each were good - not great - though the chips served with the tartare were addictive. For our entrees, we shared the Beef Wellington and the Kobe American rib cap. It was a tough decision, but the meat pushed around on a cart helped us make the choice between the bone in rib eye and the rib cap. The Wellington was hands down my favorite item of the night - the meat was as soft as butter and the crust was the best I've ever had. The rib cap was good, but it fell short of the our waitresses description as the "best ribeye we will ever have." On the side we got mushrooms. They were perfect.We skipped dessert because we were too full, but the table next to us said they loved the toffee cake.Excellent dinner. Spot on service. Total tab: $250,
5	I would say this was by far the best meal I have ever had. There was not one thing that I could complain about. I had the Wellington and it was perfect.  Hands down a perfect dinner.
5	This is waay after the fact, but AMAZING food! Go for the seafood tower app. =D
5	This place was fantastic ! As a Hell's Kitchen fan I was very excited to be there. And even more excited when I was able to order from the HK tasting menu. The scallop risotto was perfect and I don't usually even like scallops. The quail egg was excellent and again I'm not usually a huge fan of eggs in general. Finally the famous beef Wellington. It was every bit as tasty as I thought it would be and then some. Desert was the sticky toffee pudding, a sweet date pudding cake, with Brown butter ice cream. It was delicious and though the butter ice cream is super rich it was a nice balance.The antioxidant drinks were amazing too!
5	I loved it when the waiter rolled out the meat cart. A nice education on the cuts of meat they had.Rib Cap - Amazing. All the sides too. The rest of the party was also pleased and they ordered Wellington, Filet and the Rib Eye. My picky friend who always complains about his steak? Well - he loved his. Shocking!Unfortunately, we were too full to try the sticky toffee pudding. I'll have to enjoy that next time!
5	Stopped by a few months ago and had 5oz of Japanese Kobe while the fiance had the rib cap. Let's just say that in a back to back comparison, the rib cap didn't even come close in flavor or tenderness (almost felt like prime vs select).Service was once again nothing short of perfect...looking forward until my next time out so I can finally feast on the beef wellington!
5	Where's the sixth star? Incredible meal, service, everything.Had the beef Wellington with fingerling potatoes. Wellington cut like butter and was cooked perfectly.Staff was very attentive without being intrusive.We had upstairs booth seating, and at first thought it would not be as nice as downstairs where we could see the kitchen, but the booth was perfect.
5	HAPPY NEW YEAR! I finally get to try this place out! It's a prix fixe menu for NYE... We start off with a Scotch Egg and for my dinner I've chosen the Truffle Risotto and Scallop, Surf n Turf and the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert with cinnamon ice cream butter stick. I also tried the Foie Gras and Hamachi as well. EVERYTHING was DELICIOUS! Babe also said I should try the Strawberry Martini - I substituted Vodka for the Gin and it was DELICIOUS!I'm not a huge fan of truffle but the risotto and the scallop were SOOO good!! Scallop IS my all time favorite food and they did it right here! I ordered my steak medium rare - I did ask our server if they under cook their steaks and if I should order it Medium if I really wanted Medium Rare and he suggested that I still get it Medium Rare and it came out PERFECTLY!! Juicy and tastey and AMAZZZING! The lobster tail it came with was a small one, already buttered and SOOOO good!! I made sure to eat it all before trying to conquer my steak because I LOVE ME SOME SEAFOOD! Unfortunately that didn't leave much room for the steak but I did get a few bites in! The sticky toffee pudding for dessert was AMAZZZZING!!!!!!!! I forced down a few bites with the awesome cinnamon butter stick ice cream - ugh it was SO good! I really wish I could have forced myself to clean my entire plate BUT we had partying to do and I was in a dress and didn't feel like sucking in my food baby all night! Service was fantastic and the food was freakin' phenomenal!! NOM NOM NOM!!!
4	My husband and I took our twins here for their 21rst birthday. We all are long time Gordon Ramsey fans and have wanted to try this place for a long time.  It did not disappoint!  My husband and I had the Beef Wellington and it melted in your mouth. My son had the Prime Fillet and felt that the outside of it was a bit tough (maybe seared too long). My daughter had the American Fillet Kobe style and she loved it!  We had Mac n Cheese as a side; also delicious. We shared the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert and the caramel sauce was absolutely amazing.  The service was outstanding.  We were treated so well!  There was a small glitch with the bill. They forgot to apply our vouchers to the bill (even though we gave them to them up front) and to void the transaction and redo...not that big of a deal...I just hate billing issues.  All in all, we were very happy....loved the "tunnel to London"! The meat cart was really cool and informative! Would definitely go back!
5	Are here a few months ago, truly amazing.  Service was top notch, use the wine sommelier...we told him our tastes and he was spot on with his recommendation.  We shared the Kobe rib cap and beef Wellington, both dishes were awesome.  You cannot go wrong here.
5	This place did not disappoint! We had wonderful service and the food was divine! The meat cart that the Mater'd talks about all the different styles of meat was very educational! Who knew there were options with meat? The assortment of breads with the Hawaiian sea salt & butter was awesome. The Caesar Salad we started with had the best dressing. I wasn't sure about the Scotch Egg but it was really good. The filet was the best I'd ever had & the sides were delicious! My husband had the rib cap with lobster tail and he is still talking about it today! .. I ordered the Cheesecake with Huckleberries and my husband had the Sticky Toffee Pudding-both were so good!
5	You can't go wrong with Gordon Ramsay. The environment may be a bit off from a classy fine dining, but the vibe is definitely there. The food and service here is amazing, and definitely worth the money spent. I would return to this restaurant the next time I travel to Las Vegas, though for those traveling through and don't want to spend the hundreds of dollars, please go and grab some coffee and dessert. They have a separate seating for just this and it is absolutely an experience you don't want to miss.
5	The space is really nice and has an open feeling to it.  Drinks were ordered from an interactive tablet - kinda cool.  It had all the ingredients listed and answered all the questions.They come by with a cart of all the meats to show you what you're ordering.  My friend and I bought the bone-in and ribeye and beef wellington and then split it.  They put each half of wellington over potato puree on its own plate, but the ribeye came on its own plate, and we had to divide it ourselves.  I imagine that was a presentation thing.Everything was dreamily delicious.  The sticky toffee pudding at the end was pretty good.
5	I went to Vegas for my friend's bachelor party,  decided we wanted to eat at a classy place, and ended up at Gordon Ramsey's Steakhouse at the Paris Hotel. There was 8 of us and the hostess gave us a short tour of the restaurant before we got seated. The waiter showed us a display of all the different cuts of meat they offered and displayed full knowledge on the wine selections (I tested him just to be sure). I ordered the English Chowder for my app, it was displayed nicely but tasted OK. I was surprised about my main course which was the Roasted Beef Wellington, this dish is highly recommended!Service was excellent, the manager came by a couple times to check up on us, waters were never empty, and we never had to pour our own wine. Only down side is that the portions were a bit small but that is what you get when you go to a fine dining restaurant so don't expect to stuff yourself unless you shell out some $$$.Overall it was a great dining experience! I'm gonna take the gf here on my next visit! 5 stars for Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse!
3	The restaurant is cool and the service is amazing, but if you're looking for the best steak in Vegas, go elsewhere.  The breads, appetizers and desserts are scrumptious, but I just couldn't get over the bland sides and average steak.  I had the stuffed baked potato and it was terrible.  The skin was so hard that it must've been cooked hours before and then microwaved before being served to me.  The cheese sauce was overly sweet and tasted a bit off.  The tempura green beans were bland.   There was nothing wrong with the steak, but it just didn't wow me.  I've had better steaks at home.  When I'm in Vegas, I go to Del Friscos.  Their steaks are always amazing!Lastly, I do not appreciate being told how to eat.  Two people in our party wanted to try the tasting menu, but we were told that either the whole table needed to order it or no one could.  That is ridiculous.  I am a paying customer, and I should be able to eat what I would like, when I would like.  Nicer restaurants should be more accommodating and have the ability to prepare different plates for each customer.
3	I have been wanting to go to one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants for years!  So since I was planning a trip to Vegas anyway, I booked dinner there as well.  I was super excited!!! It's located in the Paris hotel and casino which is lovely and charming (unless you want to win money....in that case RUN away from Paris!). The restaurant itself looks lovely and modern. The waiter (I don't recall his name) was extremely pleasant, knowledgeable and helpful.  Although at times, he would get busy and we would be waiting 15-20 minutes for something.  It got pretty irritating.The food...I got the Beef Wellington and my sister got the Eggplant Wellington. Both were delicious!  The pricing?  Expensive...  I wanted to get the Ale Onion Soup...but at $18 a pop, I just couldn't bring myself to spend that much money for a little bowl of soup!  We also got the cheesecake dessert which also was expensive and it was about the size of my thumb...couldn't have been any smaller.In short, the food that we ordered was quite tasty but the prices were ridiculously high  and the service was often super slow.  That is why it only gets 3 stars.
5	When going to Vegas, I don't find myself being lured by the sound of the slot machines, nor the crazy clubs that peppers the city. I am more into trying the new restaurants, mostly by celebrity chefs.Gordon Ramsay Steak is located in the Paris Hotel.  The restaurant is designed to look like the chunnel.  The rail connecting England to France.  Located above, is what appears to be scribbled neon. Just scribbles.  The hostess later informed me that the design is to be Ramsay's chopping movement. Interesting. The ambience was nice. The staff warm and friendly.Ordered:***Smoked Tartare : What a delicious show, comes to you in a smoked filled glass dome.  As the server lifts the dome, you are hit with a delicious smoke. Chopped, rather than ground, the meat was season wonderfully. Petit Filet Mignon: Cooked wonderfully***Beef Wellington: Prosciutto and mushroom wrapped filet.  Quite delish.Sadly I wasn't able to have dessert.  :/Next time. *** Favorites
5	We have long anticipated having dinner here and with all the hype over Gordon's celebrity and the Hell's Kitchen competition, it did not let us down. The service was exceptional: from giving us an ipad with the drink menu on it allowing us to email ourselves information on the wine we drank; to cleaning the table of crumbs and replacing the cutlery between each course; to placing our plates of food on the table simultaneously with 2 servers. The food was fantastic. Melt in your mouth, and even though we were stuffed we had to have the toffee pudding which was to die for! We will visit again on our next trip to Vegas!
5	I'd be lying if I said I wasn't quite excited to go to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. I've been to the Fat Cow in Los Angeles, but it's not the typical Ramsay flair or fare. We dined in October 2013, and I can see many menu items have already changed seasonally, which I like.Steak met every one of my expectations. We sat in a more private room on the second floor and though we were right next to the central walkway to the room, the staff was considerate and tried to give us space and privacy. I began with the Foie Gras, as it is illegal in California, and my heart melts over a properly cooked Foie Gras. Sure enough, it was moist and soft, and came with a pumpkin waffle. I've got to say the thought of a waffle cheapened up the dish, but the flavors and textures were spot on.Before ordering, we were shown a cart of the different steak cuts they offer and explained the difference between each. Don't come here if you're an animal activist vegan (though the name Steak should have told you that).With dinner, I had a glass of Justin cabernet and though it is the cheapest cab on the menu, it is a fantastic choice from Paso Robles. I couldn't resist a Beef Wellington, and I was happy to receive a perfectly cooked dish. Fine dining is often associated with small portions, but between the appetizer and main course, I was completely satisfied.Thank you for a wonderful meal.
2	Food ======$52 Beef Wellington$17/18 Kurobuta Pork Belly$18 Clam Chowder$10? HX Antioxidant Cocktail$44 Fish & Chips$6 HeinekenThe chips in the fish & chips was nice, as was the Antioxidant cocktail. Rather straightforward recipe, but it is awful rare to see acai berry liqueur. The Pim's Cup looked rather delightful as well. The clam chowder was decided all-round as weird and disappointing. It was my mother's main dish and she didn't like it at all.The pork belly was recommended as the crowd favorite from the appetizers and I know I wasn't impressed, but if it's kurobuta, then I've had it in Japan by people that seriously worship the animal. It couldn't compare. Lastly, the Wellington. My fandom of it and my tastebuds disagreed. I want to say I liked it but I'm pretty sure I didn't. Pastry dough is often my favorite part of a pastry (like pie crust, or pate chaud), but on the Wellington it played such an insignificant part. Then the prosciutto. I loooove prosciutto. Throw it on pizza, eat it on crackers or spinach or mozz cheese. Mmmm. In the Wellington, it was a brown limpid thing. As for the steak, it was cooked to preference, but beyond that, I don't remember much flavor. As high end restaurants I've been to go, Mastro's Steakhouse in Costa Mesa, CA was soooo much better. Decor=======All red, dark, and moody. As a popular restaurant, I think they needed more chairs than were comfortable, because I honestly did not like our seat. Across the way from us was a nice alcove, those bud-shaped booths that use the seats as walls, but they tower to the top for privacy. The light arrangement in the center is supposedly the motions of Ramsay as he makes the Wellington. It's also the same pattern imprinted on the menus and who knows what else. Service======The female servers are all dressed in the same black dress, which gives it a nice Vegas. There is the meat block with the explanation - helpful. The service was neither superb nor awful, so I guess that means it falls right at mediocre. Someone else was right; some of the policies just kill you, like with the tastings. My mini-hurt was that everyone at the table had to place their order at once. I was set on Wellington the minute we decided we were going to Ramsay but it takes 30/40 minutes or so to prepare from the moment you order it, and while I would've liked to order it as we placed our drink orders, had to wait till the rest of the entrees were set to order as well. Extra!======- Even without a reservation, seating is pretty quick. - I think they ask everyone to go to the bar first; just their thing.
5	I had the bone-in ribeye -- twice.  I've had steak all over LA and I have to say this is at the top of my list.  The service was also exceptional and everything we ordered, including beef tartar, fish and chips, and sticky toffee pudding were amazing.  The next time I go to Vegas, I will definitely be back.
4	Great steak which was the most important thing, got the Porterthouse for two.  The stuffed potato was minimalistic (not stuffed) and totally uninspiring.  Waiter was a good guy, hostess was a post high school vacuous tart who clearly wasnt listening.
4	Be prepared to pay a little here. We of course had to come because we love Hell's Kitchen, as I'm sure that is why most people go there. We sat next to the kitchen, which was great for me, because I love cooking and watching. My hubs just decided to splurge because we will never be there again. You only live once right?! I was thoroughly impressed with the iPad wine menu and drink menu. Lots of wines, but they weren't price friendly. They should have more wines priced under $75 a bottle. Not everyone can afford this and the average population that watches this show are of middle class. Service was excellent. We ordered the Pork Belly for an appetizer, although the flavor was there, we really only got to experience a little bit of meat, it was mostly fat. We have had way better pork belly in Germany and other places. $18 for 2 little bites of meat is not worth it to me. My husband liked the meat displayed that they personally brought to the table. I was a little turned off by it. We decided to order the Wellington being fans of HK, but mine was cold in the middle. So after all said and done, we spent a total of $230 for just my husband and me. We didn't even have dessert. I guess we can say we've been there!
3	Saturday night for 6 people we didn't get a table until 10pm.  We we shoved in a hidden room meant for small banquets,  The decor was average  dark wood paneling etc. The staircase was sort of nice 26 stairs my friend counts stairs.  We started with 15$ drinks at the lounge.  The antioxident was very tasty with acai liquor and lemon,Three people ordered the wellington and we waited the 45 mins.  I don't love red meat but when in a steak house I can't eat the fukishima Pacific salmon can I?The filet was as expected perfectly cooked and lovely.  People loved their wellington, though commented that is is slightly over salted.  I expect that from American cuisine though.My complaint is that the mac n cheese with truffle was delicious, though salty,  the side of asparagus for $13 dollars was cool.  In fact all my food felt like it was not hot but like it rested for ten mins.  The male waiter parade for food service was fun.  6 men bringing food. Though the forgot 2 items.I had the french press coffee which was over cooked.  It shouldn't be longer than 4 mins.  When I quizzed the waiter on serving time he didn't know.  The chocolate served with it was cool. very European.Overall people were satisfied.  For such fine dining at over $100/pp  I expected excellent food service and hot delicious food.  None was provided.  Very average.  It felt more touristy delicious and not foody delicious.  I want a mouth orgasm!! I would pass next time.  Though good no one craved a return experience
5	Wellington, toffee pudding and Mac and cheese was DELISH!!!!!! My friend had the steak and they said it was amazing ;)
2	The stars given are strictly for the food, which was amazing.  We were extremely disappointed in the service here.  Maybe because it's Gordon Ramsay's restaurant the staff is supposed to be aloof and not very accommodating- taking on Gordon's television personality of hard-ass, but we were not impressed and aren't likely to go back, we'll happily go back to our usual Craftsteak while in Vegas where the food is amazing and service is superb every time.  We sat at the bar and our bartender didn't pour me a taste of the wine I ordered, just poured the glass and walked away, luckily I was happy with it.  The bread selection was great- 1 star for that.  We ordered a filet, bone marrow, spinach & potato puree- all was amazing- 1 star for that.  We let our bartender know we were sharing, apparently he couldn't be bothered to communicate that to the kitchen or runners, the steak was placed in front of my bf, the bone marrow between us and the sides at the top of my bf's setting... not even a warmed plate was left for me- apparently they thought I wasn't eating or was going to eat off of my bf's plate while in a nice dress and he was in a suit... far too likely i would have spilled on us so we asked for an extra plate.  When I've ordered bone marrow at other upper steak restaurants it is served with toasted bread, makes sense right?  Ours was not and when we asked our bartender for some sort of toast or bread he acted annoyed and like we were asking for something ridiculous or out of the ordinary.  We weren't really checked on, we weren't asked if we wanted a second round of drinks, I don't remember being asked if we wanted dessert- everything we ordered was well worth the price because it was delicious, but don't expect friendly, courteous service as being included in the price.A week later after we were back home my bf was checking on all of his charges from our trip and was surprised by our lower than our norm total for an upper steak restaurant dinner out- I reminded him we didn't have a friendly, chatty, helpful bartender who cared to find out we are usually 3-4 drinks each diners and we never got the chance for a second round.  Too bad for you Gordon Ramsay, your staff didn't pump us for the $$ you could have made off of us.
5	Had to go here because we're huge Hell's Kitchen fans. Be prepared to fork out $100-200 easy. Our's was right at $200 for a appetizer, wine and our wellingtons. The Ipad wine menu was amazing and very impressive. Our 2 waiters were very impressive and that just set the bar for how every waiter/waitress should be. Very very very expensive wine available or you can get the $45 bottle like we did. Wish they had more wine for less for the middle class. The $18 pork belly wasn't worth it. Full of flavor but also fat.The Wellington's were amazing. We cut down the middle. My wife said hers was almost cold, mine was pretty warm. All I have to say, is I love wellington's!! If you only have 1 place to splurg once a year, this is your place. Dress up and have a hot, nice, relaxing date night!
3	Our group found our steaks to have too much fat to meat ratio, which was a bit disappointing, however the sides were out of this world.  The beef Wellington is what you want to order here.
5	This place was great!...its not in one of the newer and hotter hotels on the strip (Paris), butnthe food and service were spectacular. I went with all the signatures and they didint disappoint.  Beef Wellington was tender, juicy and full of flavor and for dessert we had the Toffee pudding. MAN O MAN the thought of toffee flavored pudding put me off a little bit, but damn I was wrong, it might be one of the best desserts ive ever had. The drinks,apps, and service were top notch, I really recommend a visit.
1	I wasn't sure if there were cameras around, because it felt like I was in Hell's Kitchen. We ordered the pork belly, poached lobster, smoked beef tartar, all were delicious. First course, market salad and English chowder, not impressed. Second course, 24 oz rib chop, 18 oz NY strip and chicken with tikki masala spices, all unpleasant. Third course, sticky pudding, some cheese cake, these were good. Here comes the worst part, we ordered drinks all specialty cocktails, before we can say anything else our server bolted. A busser quickly gave our waters and breads, cocktails come in 15 min, apps next 15, at this point we have finished apps, drinks and half the bread plate, main course 1 hour 48 min after cocktails were served, dessert took another 33 min after we were done. We didn't even finish our main course we were so full from waiting. We had to ask server where are food was and all he said was it comes out when done, WHAT? But i see the manager on duty coming out the back, mouth full of food and didn't even come by to see how we were. Clearly we looked frustrated with our hands to our heads or face looking very disturbed.I know this business well, and understand it can be busy or kitchen maybe overwhelmed but to have managers and servers like we had was an epic fail for this place. I have booked a group here and they were so happy with everything. We just happen to be there when the drop out staff were working.Im so disgusted and upset that i don't even want to bring any business here anymore. Go to Stripsteak instead!
2	I wholeheartedly wish Gordon Ramsay would read this review himself or any management level that run this location.  We went to your restaurant on December 25th to celebrate Christmas as a couple and enjoy a wonderful experience of food and dining.The saving grace for 2 stars is because the food was actually great, everything else was just "sad".We were 10 mins ahead of our reservation.  Walked up to the hostess' area to get laser scanned treatment from head-to-toe from their "Queen Bee" hostess (the one that stood behind the podium and the only one who wore ballet flats) I don't think even TSA did that to me.  Husband told her our reservation time, and we got evil eyes flying draggers throwing at our direction from all 5 of them. We had interrupted their gossiping session.  The response was that we could go in and get a drink or wait outside as our table wasn't ready.  Then, the 5 of them went back to their gossiping session. P.S. We were dressed according to their dress casual - jacket, heels, cocktail dress etc.So eventually we decided to go in and get a drink and wait.  One of their hostess's job is to open the door, nothing more or less.  She won't tell you the direction or hook you up with a chair or give you the drink menu or anything.  She apparently is there to only open and hold the door. A door stop can take care of it if that is the personal touch Mr Ramsay was looking to achieve.  We adventured our way in the bar area, standing awkwardly.  Husband pushing his way through the wave of diners to the bar, obtained the drink menu from the bartender.  Mission achieved! We finally sat down and moved to a corner table, a cocktail waitress came up with the iPad with all the drinks in it.  Ah, I was in a better mood at the point.  The cocktail waitress came up and asked what we wanted to drink, and we were about to put in the order.  Our "lovely" hostess popped right to our face and told us our table is ready.  An evil eye sight exchange happened between the cocktail waitress and the hostess.  Not sure this is the theme of this restaurant - plenty of cat fight atmosphere or they took pleasure creating  an uncomfortable setting for the patrons.Move forward, we arrived at our table.  Further sad atmosphere.  There were about 5 tables that are located at the back corner of 1st floor.  All I can see is the entrance of the staff area, not the kitchen cooking area.  It is literally the entrance of the staff before they get on the dinning area.  You can elbow your next table.  I in fact we ended up starting a little chitchat with next table diners.  It is pretty normal in New York City restaurants, but not in Peter Lugers, Charlie's in Florida, or even Morimoto, or his arch-rival's Mesa Grill.  "Steak" was frankly not in the same level steak house that Gordon Ramsey would even be willing to compare himself.  Some simple screens or other aesthetics would easily correct this, but it certainly needs something.We ordered a bottle of red, Onion Soup, Beet Root Salad, Rib Cap, Beef Wellington, Grilled Asparagus, Chocolate two-way, Toffee Pudding.  I like the vegetables and side dishes more than I do with Beef Wellington.  Little that I know I forgot to order the sauce, and of course our waiter didn't bring that up or even provide advice on how we should do it.  In fact, my husband goes to fine restaurants and relinquishes control to the chef.  His feeling is that if he is going to be eating top-level cuisine, he should trust the chef's tastes.  The waiter stated that everything must be put in the same time, and if you forgot something and do not know your way around ordering...yup...pretty much SOL.I adored the kitchen staff and their work, but front of the house probably the worst I even seen in the same category.In all fairness, I like Gordon Ramsay's Rib Cap more than Bobby Flay's Rabbit dish, but I don't think I would come back to this exact location again.  Mr Ramsay, please do your magic and correct the situation there.
5	Absolutely the BEST steak I've EVER had!!! Perfectly prepared. Had a dozen raw oysters on the half shell which were excellent. No fishy smell or aftertaste. The sides tasted unbelievable. I had the asparagus, mashed potatoes & Mac  and cheese. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll be eating here again.
5	Fabulous coffee and donuts!!!! Dennis and Johnny were amazing!! And the beef Wellington was pretty good too!!!
5	After such a great experience back in July (see Gregg M's review) we decided that this would be the perfect spot to go for a wedding "reception".  Special thanks to Sandra B from group sales at Total Rewards for making this group reservation for us.The meal was everything I wanted it to be - impeccably delivered and absolutely delicious.  I could not have asked for better service.  I would say there was only one thing that may have put a damper on things had I not been in such a wonderful mood - but more on that later.  My husband and I decided to get the Hells Kitchen tasting menu.  We chose not to get the wine pairings since we wanted people to get what they felt like drinking, rather than be limited to what was part of the wine pairings.  The sommelier was on hand to help us out with decisions.  i personally decided I wanted a cocktail to start out with - though I don't remember the name of it, it was delicious with cucumber and gin and other subtle flavors that made it very refreshing and a perfect beginning to our meal.  As with our previous visit, the amuse bouche and third course were exactly the same as our previous visit.  The scotch egg was as delicious as I remember it from July and the Beef Wellington - sublime.  Though I will say after making it with a friend for New Years, I wish I this version would have had more of the duxelles that helps make the Wellington what it is - delicious The differences:  The first course was a beet salad.  Perfectly roasted beets with a hint of horseradish and the second course - though it was a scallop risotto, the risotto was made with farro, black trumpets and pecorino cheese (I have to say I think I liked the differences!).  Though this was not a different course - it bear mentioning all by itself.  Dessert.  How can you not like brown butter ice cream?  Pair that with some sticky toffee pudding and you have the best dessert ever (yes even better than chocolate!).   Heaven!The only down side was the cognac service.  I really wish they would have explained to all of my guests what cognacs they had and what the price points were.  They brought out the Louis the XIII for this service ($200/glass) as well as some other much less expensive choices.  Though there were a few people who know cognacs and can truly appreciate the differences in a Louis XIII, I'm not sure if all of the guests that ordered Louis XIII would have, had they known its cost.  For the most part - some only saw the pretty bottle.  Even with this one slight hiccup - We still had a 5-star experience.  Thanks for a great meal!
5	This is a fantastic restaurant with a great vibe tucked into Paris Las Vegas. Tried going here two years ago, but they weren't open yet. And since I am regularly in Vegas for business and we are huge Ramsay fans we decided we would try it. We did the 5 course tasting menu with the wine pairings. Each dish was superb. The Wellington, was out of this world and the wagyu rib eye melted in your mouth. The drinks were stuff and always refilled. Donnie and Eric were fantastic. Definitely one of our favorites on the strip.
4	Oh how I love this place for a great steak. Surprisingly the place is pretty casual. My order of an 8 oz. Kobe beef (American Wagyu) Rib Cap in medium rare is definitely a winner. It really melts in your mouth. For side orders we had Fingerling Potatoes which is a little on the salty side, and Spinach sauteed with Parmesan cream. With a couple of drinks, just be prepared to spend over $100/pp because even just a bottle of water (imported from Wales) will cost you $8. But, hey it's Vegas. We'll probably go back only for special occasions.
5	Demi roasted bone marrow and brioche... need I say more?I recommend you stop eating 24 hours previous to your reservation, as you'll be shoveling marrow smeared brioche in your food hole as though you were playing chubby bunny for your life!Mmmm that brioche. Give me a minute. MMmm. Oh! Everything else was excellent too!
5	I love good food. I like great service. I enjoy hip atmospheres. Not only did Gordon Ramsey Steak deliver on all fronts, it blew past all expectations and flew through the roof.It's all been said: look at the sheer number of reviews this place has. But I'll never forget the Alaskan king crab. Or the mac n cheese. Hell, even the sticky toffee pudding was some of the richest and most decadent I've ever tasted. That's right; I've written two paragraphs without one word mentioning beef.... That's because I don't eat beef and yet I'd come back to this spot in a heartbeat.Our party of 5 had a range of dishes..... From oysters, foie gras and crab legs to start to tuna, sea bass, beef wellington and an actual steak for our mains. The sides were Just as tasty as the mains and dessert mixed with coffees and chocolate spoons filled with liqueurs just topped the entire experience. We had too many cocktails and enough wine for a village .... Which made it all the better. If you're looking for a mouth-watering dining experience....... This is your place.
5	2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 58/100Dining at Gordon Ramsay Steak was what I was most looking forward to on my most recent trip to Las Vegas. Fortunately, Chef Ramsay did not disappoint! Post-vacation, I still believe that our date night at Gordon Ramsay Steak was my favorite part of our weekend getaway!GR Steak is located inside the Paris Hotel, right in the middle of the casino at the front of the hotel. The seating hostesses/kiosk are actually right outside of the restaurant, and I don't think they let you in unless you have a reservation or they're ready to take you inside.We had made a reservation several months in advance, although I don't think you need to wait THAT long to reserve ahead of time. When you first enter, you are in a cylindrical tunnel that serves as the restaurant bar. Apparently it is supposed to represent the London Tube, and represents you traveling from Paris (the hotel) into England, GR's homeland.While waiting for our table to be setup, they had seated us at the bar. After about a 5-10 minute wait, we were finally seated at our table, kind of off to the side near the kitchen/bathrooms.I was kind of surprised at how busy/noisy it was in the restaurant. I knew it would be popular with GR's name tacked onto it, but it was a lot bigger and noisier than I had expected. Not a super intimate, romantic date nice restaurant. More trendy and lively.Service was EXCELLENT at GR Steak! Our waiter, Freddy, was awesome. He came out and introduced himself, and then provided us with an iPad 2 that had the entire drink menu on it. It was really awesome because it showed photos of each mixed drink, the list of ingredients, etc. Then it had the beer and wine list as well. The last tab consisted of a photo and biography of Gordon Ramsay.They also had a tasting menu, complete with autographed keepsake photo of Gordon Ramsay, but it looked pretty heavy and was also very expensive so we opted out of it. Freddy wheeled around a cart to our table and explained all of the different cuts of meat. Very informative and I loved the visual display. Freddy's speech was a bit scripted, but he said it with a smile and was very polite and well-mannered, which I really enjoyed! The guy who brought out our food/bussed our table was also super friendly and very courteous! Excellent service as well.What we ordered:--BREAD--Ok, I had to mention this because they give you four types of bread with this butter that supposedly has volcanic salt on it, and omg, this is probably some of the best bread and butter I've ever had at a restaurant. All 4 types were incredible and I felt like I almost got full just from the bread! AND when the guy packed our to-go boxes, he packed us a fresh batch of new bread and butter! SO AWESOME!--DRINKS--PIMMS CUP: Wasn't a huge fan. I was interested because it had Pimms lemonade but it didn't taste that great. Also I felt like it had too much stuff added into it, like different slices of fruit and mint leaves.WYDERS PEAR CIDER:The description literally said it would give a pleasant ticklish kick. Definitely did!--STEAKS--BEEF WELLINGTON:So, I basically felt obligated to order this because I knew Beef Wellington is Chef Ramsay's signature dish. I've never had Beef Wellington before so I wasn't exactly sure what to expect. I really loved the flakiness of the crust, and it blew my mind how it wasn't soggy at all! The meat was soft and delicious. I could also taste the lining of foie gras and that was pretty interesting. I didn't LOVE the foie gras but I thought it was good.KOBE FILET MIGNON:My boyfriend decided to YOLO and go with the Kobe filet mignon. Pricey, but totally worth it! I had a piece and omg, that was some melt in your mouth steak! He could not get over how good it was and said it was the best steak he's ever had. Excellent!--SIDE DISH--TRUFFLE MAC N CHEESE:I LOVE me some truffles AND mac n cheese, so this was a winner! Super ooey gooey and cheesy, just the way I like it!--DESSERT--STICKY TOFFEE BREAD PUDDING WITH BROWN BUTTER ICE CREAM: OMG, this was SO FREAKING GOOD! I was really sad that I didn't finish mine because I was already so full...but seriously, I was in love with this dessert. I would go back JUST for the dessert. Interestingly enough, I thought that the ice cream was much sweeter than the sticky toffee pudding. They complimented each other very well and it was great! Highly recommend!Overall I think my boyfriend spent around $250. TOTALLY WORTH IT! I would come back again for sure! :) Great job, Chef Ramsay and staff!
5	Expensive, but worth it. Lots "wow" factors. We want to go there again.Ramsey's "Hell's Kitchen" winner, Chef Christina Wilson works there, she was very kind and friendly.We had a new years eve course. Each of us (4) ordered different selections; oyster, beef tartare, Kurobuta pork belly, Hudson Vally Foie Gras, Hamachi Crudo, and more...Coffee comes with complimentary three different chocolates melted on spoon,They gave each of us a complimentary gift bag at the end of dinner with Gorden Ramsey's autograph on his photo and menu inside the bag. Service was great, waiter/waitress kept eyes on customers.Awesome experience.
4	My husband and I wanted to have something special for our anniversary so we decided to fly in to Vegas to have dinner at Gordon Ramsey Steak and OMG this place is freakin awesome!  Service and food was really good! I took away one star because the place was not as romantic and high class as I thought it would be.  The music was way too loud.Our menu consists of:Half dozen of fresh oyster - there's oysters from different areas and it was extremely fresh!Hamachi Crudo - topped with unagi and salmon roeMaine lobster appetizer - I've never had lobster that was so flavorful and softFoie Gras - must have! Buttery and melts in your mouth!Beef Wellington - gotta go GR signature dish!Kobe Filet - a steak that is so so flavorful and so tender that no chewing required.toffee bread pudding and butter ice cream - the butter ice cream was extremely different and yummy.  I didn't care much about the bread pudding.Drinks - strawberry martini and side carOverall, our bill came out to be $360 and we feel money well spent!
4	I hate that I can't give Gordon Ramsey Steak 5 stars!  My wife and I planned our Vegas trip 6 months in advance and the number one thing I wanted to do was eat at one of Gordons restaurants,  especially GR Steak! A week before our trip went to make a reservation and all his restaurants stated they were booked solid for 8weeks! But what else would you expect, it's a GR restaurant, so I was disappointed.  We get Vegas and we're walking threw the Paris hotel and just to make sure we asked if they had any open reservations and to our surprise they had quite a few and made a reservation and we're beyond d excited!  We get to the restaurant which is amazing in and of its self.  We take our seats and I'm not sure if it's how they do things but it seemed like it took a long time to get our drinks and food, which we overlooked because we wanted to enjoy every minute. We order our food our first course arrives the British Ale Onion Soup, and it was amazing!  The best onion soup I've ever had, rich in flavor! I was sad after I ate it all because I didn't want the soup to end. For main courses my wife ordered the Roasted Chicken and I ordered the Beef Wellington, the roasted  chicken was beyond tender and juicy, the wild rice and crispy chicken skin complements the chicken very well. The beef Wellington was the best thing I've ever eaten! Definitely recommend it! You won't be disappointed. Now the reason I couldn't do 5 stars was because the service was decent, when your spending well over $100 a person you expect a certain level of service.  We ordered a side of Brussel spouts which didn't come out with the main course, we let our server know  and for about twenty minutes he would keep coming to the table and telling us there coming out but they never did. So we just cancelled them. And lastly at the end our meal after we had told our server we wouldn't be ordering dessert it literally took our server about 30mins to bring our check!  But the server assistant was phenomenal! Always kept our glasses full, checked in on us often but not to much, he was extremely professional, well mannered just an all around great guy! So in conclusion even though service was not what we expected the food more than made up for it!  Maybe just a bad day for our server, we all have them. But next time we are in Las Vegas we will definitely be going back to GR Steak!!
5	I wanted to hate it. Seriously, but the truth is that everything was unreasonably delicious.Here's what we ordered:Cocktails: BF ordered the Sidecar and I had the English Garden (loved both, but the English Garden was over-the-top deliciousApps: We shared the Foie Gras with pumpkin waffles, and Hamachi Tuna (I believe), loved the tuna, but I wasn't overly fond of the foie gras. It wasn't bad or anything, it just didn't knock my socks off.Dinner: My man had the rib-eye and I had the cap. The cap was perfect for me, not too big, succulent and juicy. Excellent.Side: We only ordered one side, and we honestly didn't need more. Carrots with chicken skin. Excuse me, I didn't know I liked vegetables that much!Drinks: I had a glass of rioja and the BF had two Innis and Gunn.Dessert: Sticky toffee pudding. To. Die. For.Total tab: under $350 with tip. That is an excellent value and I would visit again in a heartbeat!Our waitress was excellent, cheerful, polite and attentive. Other staff were very helpful and made sure we were both pleased as pudding. The environment is a little loud, but nothing out of the ordinary for Vegas. Our little neck of the restaurant was filled with big Ramsay fans we excitedly jumped in to talk whenever we ordered something. It was a lot more casual than I expected, but that isn't a bad thing.We CAN'T wait to head back! YUMMERS!
5	Amazing amazing Vegas steakhouse experience. I went with some friends to celebrate a birthday and everyone from the moment we walked through the door provided incredible service. Since all of my companions are in the food service industry, staff could have been overly familiar and not provided the best experience but that was NOT the case. Food: scallop risotto was 2 bites of perfectly prepared heaven. Beef Wellington was exquisite. Hamachi had a nice twist. The 3 other cuts of beef were all on point. Side dishes were all unique and tasty. Desserts were to die for. Seriously, there wasn't one thing that I wouldn't want to eat again. The night got hazy because wine was plentiful but there's one thing I'm certain of: I'd be hard pressed to have another epic steakhouse experience like this one.
3	Honestly- I wasn't exactly impressed. My husband and I ate here over the weekend and I was somewhat disappointed. Presentation and service was nice.  The food was good. I've had better at a high end steakhouse. I don't mind paying $$$$ for food that I enjoy but $250 for just ok wasn't satisfying for me. But I guess I can say I ate there once
5	I've really been disappointed and burned in the past by a number of "Celebrity" Chef's.  Morimoto, Lagasse, Colicchio, Wong...  All perhaps too distracted by their next TV show or book deal to maintain the standards that brought them notoriety. This is so NOT the case with Gordon Ramsay Steak in Paris on the Vegas strip. From the moment that I was greeted and escorted inside via "the tube".  I had a feeling or perhaps sort of a cautious hope that good things were in store. Being a fan, I ordered the Hells Kitchen Tasting Menu which comes with a take home menu and autographed picture of Chef Ramsay in a little folder. Pretty neat and we haven't even ate yet. Bread was first to come out and the selection of four types of still warm bread gave the meal a huge head start (star-wise). Each was delicious. The from there the meal was a big crescendo. *Scotch egg- perfectly cooked w yolk still soft. *Scallop risotto- perfectly seared scallop on creamy, just right risotto. *Roasted Beef Wellington-  My first Wellington!  And the high standard to which all others shall be held. Tender, moist, perfectly seasoned to accept the compliment of the demi-glace. (I believe that's the last time I use "perfect" in this review. *Sticky Toffee Pudding- I'm not a big dessert guy but I've been having some stelar sweets this trip and the STP at GRS is ridiculously, plate-scrapingly good. Seeing it on TV, you can only imagine how good this is. Prime ingredients. Properly prepared and presented with caring and skill.  Served by by a staff that elevated a great dinner to a true dining experience. My server Donnie and the front of house staff did an awesome job. I truly felt welcome and at ease. They really do a good job of taking the masterpieces created in the kitchen and presenting them beautifully. Props to the whole crew and congrats to Season 10 Hell's Kitchen winner Christina Wilson!
3	Have ALWAYS wanted to go to a G.R. restaurant!!The place is very nice, the service is excellent...Now I eat A lot of steaks and have been to MANY steakhouses.  I was really disappointed in the flavor of the steak.  Very surprised I must say...
3	We had the recommended flagship 5 course dinner which with a couple drinks pushed about $200+ per person. Although the food tasted pretty good, the overall atmosphere and meal as a whole just fell far short of my expectations.The courses are very small and take a while to prepare. The beet salad and mushroom risotto were very good but tiny. The main course was beef wellington which surprised me since it wasn't one if the better cuts of steak and is baked in a layer of pastry dough! I guess I just didn't realize what that was. For the cost and the name of the restaurant being "Steak", I figured a better non-breaded cut of meat would have been the flagship recommendation.The desert was also way to big a rich to even get through half of. For a Ramsey place I just expected more finish.
5	Everything was absolutely perfect.  I started with Kobe beef tartar, the dish was smoked and had a wonderful light citrus flavor.  Main dish was Beef Wellington and I can't explain how amazing it was.  Meat was a perfect medium rare and the surrounding puff pastry was light and flaky.  I also tried a side of Mac n Cheese.  Never have I had a better dish of Mac n Cheese, creamy baked spot on with a little crunch.  I can't wait to go back.  Of course it is expensive but taking into account where and what you are getting it is defiantly worth the splurge.
5	I was looking forward to this restaurant for months, as Gordan Ramsay is one of my hero's and let me say it did not disappoint.The girlfriend had the Beef Wellington which was absolutely delicious.  I had the rib cap which was to die for.  And get the mac and cheese...it was all so amazing.  Just a shame Gordon wasn't there today, would have loved to see him.  I will always remember this meal.
5	Following our short, but very sweet wedding ceremony at Caesars, the newly minted wife and I and our guests made our way across the Strip to Paris and Gordon Ramsay Steak for our reception dinner.  We'd dined there back in July '13 in the main dining room and had been suitably impressed enough to select it for our post-wedding celebration.  After confirming that it offered private rooms (I saw a total of three room...there could be more) up on the second level that could accommodate a party of 15 comfortably, we were sold.  We arrived a few minutes early for our 7:30 reservation on a Saturday night.  The dining room and bar were pretty much at capacity.  We were led upstairs to our room.  One of our party required the use of a walker.  No worries, as there was an elevator next to the staircase leading upstairs.  Since it was the wife and my party, we opted for the Hell's Kitchen Tasting Menu for the group.  The menu was virtually the same as the one we'd had previously although the salad and dessert courses had changed.  When we made the reservations and laid down the deposit, we asked to have the Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter Ice Cream instead of the listed dessert and they graciously agreed.    Our final menu was the following:Amuse Bouche - Scotch Egg with Berkshire pork sausage & red wine braised cabbageFirst Course - Spring Vegetable Salad, fennel seared ahi, pea shoots, asparagus and candied rhubarbSecond Course - Scallop Risotto with seared scallop, spring mushroom farro risotto, black trumpet puree, grilled rampThird Course - Roasted Beef Wellington with glazed root vegetables, potato puree, and red wine demi glaceDessert Course - Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter Ice CreamEach course was beautiful in its presentation and executed perfectly.  Our guests were all smiles after each course.  Portion sizes were plentiful, yet never oversized.  Even my mom who eats like a bird finished every last bite.  However, the dessert course seemed to be the one that everyone raved about the most!      Service throughout our meal was impeccable as we were attended to in a friendly and efficient manner.  Water glasses were always topped off and cocktail and wine service was fast and knowledgeable.   The sommelier guided us to a great bottle of wine, Dutch Henry Winery 2007 Napa Valley CS.  One of the most memorable sights was seeing 15 servers serve each course in front of each of the 15 guests in our party simultaneously.  Maybe it was to be expected, but it's the little touches that often make the lasting impression.     The only critique I have from our experience was how it ended.  Our lead server asked the wife if she'd like to finish off our night with coffee and cognac service.  She said, "Yes," and soon a tray with three different bottles of cognac appeared.  While the names of the bottles of cognac were given, unfortunately not the cost for each 1.5 oz pour.  As a result, a few glasses of Louis XIII were ordered, one of which was by my dad who had no idea of its cost and I think ordered it because it came in a striking bottle.  He nearly had a heart attack when he found out how much it cost.  At least he enjoyed it!  Still, this pricey hiccup aside, our meal was exceedingly satisfying.  Our guests pushed back from the table quite pleased...and, most importantly, the experience will be one the wife and I won't ever forget.
5	Very impressed. I'm not sure it gets better than this. If you're planning a visit to Vegas and want to splurge a night for a nice dinner, Gordon Ramsays Steak is a must.
2	Ambiance was great, but service was lacking and slow  Our party of five spent about $1000.  I waited 20 minutes for my hot tea after asking twice.  My frend ordered the NY strip and he was brought a ribeye.  He ordered a Scotch and it came with a sno-cone amount of ice...!!!  When the waiter replaced his drink, it was obvious that the bartender had just dumped the now watered-down Scotch into a new glass.Food was good, but not the best. For a similar price point, I'd go to Ruth's Chris or Maestros.
1	Today was my first visit here with my girlfriend for my birthday.  I have to say food was great but extremely upset with my waiter. His name was Chris. I have been wanting to come here for months and my girlfriend surprised me today. We were the first to be seated in his area. He asked if we wanted cocktails I responded no since my gf was not in the mood to drink and I was driving. After that came the snobbyness. He asked everyone but us if today was a special occasion with everyone responding no. Yet the one who was there on a special occasion, this guy writing the review, did not get asked until after I asked my neighbors in front of him why they were asked and I wasn't . Then came the fake congratulations from him. It gets better. I ordered the wellington I've been craving since I saw it on the F word a few years ago. It was given to my gf not me and I got her spare ribs. So we had to switch it in front of him and he said I ordered it the other way. I assure you, I did not.  The food was amazing! But ruined by this terrible server. He walked past me 6 times and I repeat 6 times after me and my gf had finished eating our food. Clean plates and all! Staring at him as he walked past me several times until I finally got upset and said "Look chris, you have walked past us several times and we would like to look at the desert menu." He answered back " oh I thought you were still working on your meal" he then cleaned our table after awhile and wondered why we decided not to get a desert after all. I just explained you lose your craving after such a long wait. The funny thing is I never thought I would ever write a review on a place and much less a negative review. But I have to say love the food, but the waiter was extremely rude and condescending.  Oh and to anyone who sits in his area if you say no to cocktails be prepared but if you're like my neighbors and ordered cocktails and wines you will get decent service from him. Not sure I would return here, which is upsetting, seeing as how I always rambled on to my gf and friends about Ramsay's shows.  Great job on the food Christina from hell's kitchen. Memorable dinner, too bad for the wrong reasons.
5	Wow & yum! Dennis & Adrian are quite a team. We went to GR Steak for my birthday, our server Dennis could not have made it more special. Every time he came to our table, it was with a huge smile and new birthday wish! His menu recommendations were spot on and his enthusiasm was second to none! Adrian, his assistant has such genuine and positive energy and they really made our night special. Oh and then there's the food...wow! I had the filet and like it med-well. Dennis suggested they butterfly it. I have never been offered that at any steakhouse...it is my new way to order it...it was cooked all the way through, no pink (no fun for most people but just the way I like it)...all the while not compromising the juice factor and the flavor. Oh, the melt in your mouth flavor! My husband ordered the rib eye cooked medium and it was perfection on a plate! The potato puree was like the world's best mashed potatoes! Rainbows and unicorns appear when you put a forkful in your mouth and tranquil music plays as they melt on your tongue. The drinks were amazing...something about the special glasses  they choose for each made them taste that much better! We finished with the Sticky Toffee Pudding and the peanut butter something or other...they were delectably delicious! The ice cream for each is presented like a stick of butter with a little ice cream butter knife...so bizarre yet wonderfully fun and yummy! We are locals and will be back! Thanks Dennis & Adrian for making our special night even more special!
5	If you are truly a foodie, you should not pass up a visit to Gordon Ramsay's restaurant in Las Vegas.  First, I would like to thank Mike our server, and especially Muhammad for the excellent service!  We were seated in a booth on the second floor- very comfortable.  The only flaw was that music was quite loud- interestingly though, we were able to have a good conversation without yelling.  I had the Kobe beef, which was incredible, and my husband had lamb chops and shepherds pie. He decided he is not really a lamb fan, but the shepherds pie was amazing.  The sides were huge.  Had we realized this, we would only have ordered two.  As it was, we ordered three and took a loaded baked potato with us untouched.  The green beans and creamed spinach were super!  As wonderful as dinner was, the sticky toffee pudding was even better.  Again- big portions.  Everything was bigger and more filling than it appeared.  For the quality and quantity, I was pleasantly surprised with a tab under $200.  A word about dress code... I am not sure if there is one, and my husband and I were in jeans with nice tops.  We felt very comfortable in what we had on, but did notice that most everyone else was dressed up a bit more than that.  So if you are wondering- err on the side of a bit nicer over a bit more casual.   It was a great experience!
4	The restaurant was nice and cozy. Being that we would like to try different things are the menu a few of us split the entre. I had the pan seared foie gras and lamb and both were amazing!!!The tropical panna cotta dessert was yummy!!!
5	This was not just a great meal but an amazing experience! The attention to detail, level of professionalism and ultimately the food was 2nd to none. We also had the flagship 5 course meal and while the quantities as stated were small, the taste sensations were unbelievable. The pace of the courses is just right to enjoy the decadence of each, cleanse your pallet and enjoy the ambiance. I left feeling content not stuffed. The signature course also comes with a menu card and autographed picture of Chef Ramsay in a hard backed black envelope. Another great touch that just solidifies why he has attained the status he has. Thanks to all the Chefs and staff for a great evening!
5	I only have one word to describe this place... UH-MAY-ZING!!!The ambiance has a modern, fun and upscale feel. The service was wonderful and top notch. And the food... WOW!!! I'm a fan of Gordon Ramsay (especially with HK) and I've been dying to try one of his restaurants.   This definitely exceeded my expectations... I had the bone in ribeye and it was just filled with flavor and extremely juicy and tender. My mouth waters just thinking of it. I ate till I couldn't eat and still shoved more because it was just too delicious!!!Major kuddos to Gordon Ramsay Steak!!!
3	Gordon Ramsey's STEAK restaurant had great atmosphere and the staff was very friendly however, I do have a few complaints, myself and my party of approximately 5 others sat up stairs around a large round table which seemed to sit relatively close to the other tables and patrons and normally this would not have been but because of the close proximity of the tables the wait staff continually pushed (vigorously) against my chair as they passed through to serve the patrons at the table beside mine and this proved to be rather annoying as the evening went on. Other than the table issue that was my only complaint about the wait staff or the restaurant itself, now on to the food, the steak was delicious! I ordered a cut called the "rib cap" which as the server stated this is "Gordon Ramsey's" favorite because it is a cross between two other cuts. My steak was medium and cooked to absolute perfection, the flavor was wonderful and the texture was like butter! Steak definitely is their speciality however everything else was pretty subpar or not worthy of a $800 check. The fingerling potatoes were equivalent to almost any restaurant as was the Mac and cheese and the Brussels sprouts, I expected the sides to be much better but the quality just wasn't there. My wife ordered the sea bass which was visually beautiful but definitely left much to be desired in the flavor department, I was really disappointed with her dish because although I realize we are in the middle of the desert, I would have hoped the fish would still have been better than those found throughout restaurants in Las Vegas. Their saving grace however, the drinks were amazing and I highly recommend the "south side" which is a play on a mojito but uses champagne.
5	Well put meal! From appetizer to entree to dessert..wish we could have the regular menu but it was Valentine's day and it wasnt. Although we were a little upset we stayed anyway and tried what they had on their tasting menu..Awesome awesome awesome..we will definitely be back to try the steaks
5	This was a fantastic dinner. Bone-in ribeye, beef Wellington, beet root salad, onion ale soup, and topped it off with sticky toffee pudding. The service was also amazing. Dennis and Mohamadu were great!
4	The drinks, bread, steak were all delicious! Our waiter was extremely helpful and attentive. My only issue was the hostess.. On the way out we asked how to get to the main entrance and she gave us the dirtiest look and gave us directions as if we bothered her.. I didn't get her name but she had big fake lips.
5	FOIE GRAS FOR A CALIFORNIANAnyone who's read my profile knows my love for foie gras. Because of the California ban on foie gras it is very difficult get this delicacy. After the ban the last time I had foie gras was when Psycho Donuts in San Jose were giving free foie gras donuts. Yesterday on my last night at Vegas I came here for dinner. There were two items I had in mind: 1) Hudson Valley Foie Gras 2) Beef Wellington. I waited in anticipation for both items. The first dish was the foie gras. When I took a bite of this foie gras it reminded me when I last had foie gras at a California restaurant after the ban - it was at Boulevard in San Francisco. I took my time eating this foie gras. I cut the foie gras into thin slices. I placed the thin slices of foie gras with the bite sizes of pumpkin waffle. This provided a typical contrast of savory and sweet texture. I treated this foie gras dish as if it was the main dish. The main dish the Beef Wellington takes about 45 minutes to cook. I never had Beef Wellington before and it was worth the wait. The pastry had that golden crust. The beef was cooked perfectly medium rare. Some people think a steak that is medium rare is too red. I never understood some people's fascination of a well done steak. For the amount of money you pay for a great quality steak why destroy the quality of the meat. What I love about the Beef Wellington that it's only cooked one way - medium rare only. Chef Ramsay is making the statement that customers have to adjust to him and not the other way around. The customer is not always right. Overall having dinner at Gordon Ramsay Steak with a chance to have foie gras was great way to have dinner on my last night in Vegas.
5	Amazing. Amazing. And we're hard to please. From start to finish they treated us right. We had reservations, and as soon as we got to the desk out front the hostess took us inside to seat us. Did not have to go to the bar first- as a matter of fact, I barely saw it as we went through, then up the stairs to our huge gorgeous booth. We had a 'dining attendant', Ben, and a waiter, whose name escapes me but he was wonderful. We ordered the pork belly appetizer, clam chowder and beet salads to start, had the beef wellington (how could you not), and the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. Not to mention 2 plates of the outrageous breads. My husband had a glass of Guinness, perfectly poured.      It was all exactly as we hoped, and wanted. The food was perfect. The dining attendant clears your place setting between courses; I got a new fork and knife every time we got a new plate, and they whisk your empties away as you finish. I never felt rushed or pushed on, and I'm sensitive to that. I like to be left alone to dine, and I never felt like they wanted me to leave or anything like that.      Yes, the music was a little loud, but so are the patrons, if we'd been downstairs perhaps it would have been worse. We did see Christina the HK winner from season 10, she walked by our table twice to meet a VIP, then downstairs on our way to the restrooms we watched her expedite the food. My husband actually bumped into her from behind on accident and she was gracious about it. If only we'd gotten a photo with her.      I absolutely cannot wait to return to one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants.
5	Top of the line service from the moment we walked in the door. Fantastic food. I ordered the filet med rare and my husband ordered the beef Wellington, Mac and cheese and loaded potato. Everything was delicious! Favorite part of the meal was the chocolate spoons to put in your coffee with dessert. Worth every penny! Only thing that would make this experience better if Gordon was here!
5	This restaurant is just beyond amazing, we went a few months ago and I don't even know why I waited this long to review it. I don't remember our serves name but he was so attentive and answered all of our questions. The bread that they brought us to us came with this amazing butter OMG if you don't try anything else at least try their butter I know it sounds weird but it was the best thing ever. I don't remember what everyone in my party orders but I ordered the duck dish and it was fall off the bone tender and delicious. I really recommend this place to anyone traveling through Paris. Great food, amazing service and perfect ambiance. What else can I girl ask for? We will definitely go back to this restaurant over and over again.
5	I could go on and on here but there are 2 reasons this place gets 5 stars:1. The Beef Wellington is perfect. There's no ordering it how you want it done, it comes medium rare & it's made how God intended this dish to be done. The rest of the cuts looked amazing as well but because this is such a specialty dish credit has to be given where credit is due...2. Impeccable service. Our server was knowledgeable, courteous, attentive...really made this a great experience. When in Vegas make this a must...
5	I went to the Paris Hotel back in May and got an chance to eat the Gordon Ramsey's Steak.  The decor was very nice and had a real electric vibe to it.Anyway our waiter brought out a large display of raw meat we could choose from.  I chose 2 cuts of steak.First I had a garden salad that I will not waste my time writing about and a British Ale Onion Soup.  This was the best French Onion Soup I ever had.  The ale made the soup very rich and delicious.  The cheese was perfectly melted and complimented the taste of the ale nicely.I had the 24oz Bone-In Ribeye.  This steak was cooked perfectly.  It had a perfect char on the outside and was cooked to a perfect medium rare.  the flavor and texture of this moist cut of meat was outstanding. I was told the steak was a Pat LeFrieda Steak.Our waiter recommended the American Rib Cap 8oz.  There was nothing wrong with this cut, but there was nothing special to it.  the bone in was better in my opinion.For sides we had the Sauteed Spinach and Mac N Cheese.  They were ok.  I would go again to eat the Bone-In Ribeye.
4	I can't say I am a fan of Gordon himself as I don't watch his shows but while in vegas me and the wife were looking to have a good steak dinner and thought we would try it out. The restaurant itself is pretty nice and modern looking. If you plan to go you will definitely need a reservation as it does seem to be pretty busy all the time. Our waiter was great...knowledgable and explained the menu pretty well. They use iPads to show off their wine list and drinks which was pretty cool. Now to the food... We passed on the prepackaged meal for two and decided to order whatever we wanted. I didn't care about getting an autographed picture with it anyway! My wife and I decided on the Kobe beef sliders for an appetizer...they tell you appetizers are really single portions but we didn't want to fill up so we split the two sliders. They were pretty damn good...next we ordered Kobe filets and added two side dishes to the meal, the Mac and cheese and the potatoes. The filet was excellent. Very tender and tasty..Mac and cheese was awesome...the potatoes were just ok. To top off the meal we decided to have the sticky toffee dessert which is not bad at all. So in all the food was good...was it worth the $300 check at the end ehhhhh not sure. I think you pay for the experience and the Gordon Ramsey name. What kinda put a damper on the experience is burping up the macaroni flavor for the next 3-4 hours after dinner. My wife and I both looked at each other at some point and mentioned this taste kept popping back up the rest of the night. Not sure what was going on with that . We do frequent steak places wherever we travel and I don't think there was a huge difference between this place and another favorite place of ours in Lake Tahoe that is half the price. Go for the experience if you are a fan but bring your wallet and watch out for the macaroni burps!
5	We've been before, but this was our first pass at the revised menu for 2014.  Outstanding!  (especially if you are a Hell's Kitchen fan, their HK package is much more closely aligned with the show than it was previously).  The service was impeccable and the food even better!If you've ever wondered if Gordon Ramsay demands as much perfection from his own staff as he does people on TV.. well, the answer is: he demands MORE from his own staff and chefs, and they deliver.  Don't pass up the chance to eat here if you can possibly swing it.
5	I don't know what there is left to say about this amazing place. Modern, fancy, professional, classy,... many positive adjectives to describe the ambiance and taste of the food.- Reservations recommended- If you have not had their famous beef wellington, get it- Server comes and presents you with 2 menus. 1.) preset course for $$$$ amount or 2.) choose your own from their full menu- Server comes and presents you a display of all their meat cuts to give you a visual of the meat cuts. Very helpful- I love it when I am able to say "you can't go wrong with anything" here... all the choices are top notch - from appetizer to dessert. - I ended up shelling out way more than I anticipated but definitely worth the experience both visually and for my palate. (with appetizer, 2 entrees, dessert, and 2 drinks - around $350)If you are a Gordon Ramsay fan and have the funds to dish out, a must try if you are in Vegas.GO GO GO GO GO!
5	My husband and I decided to celebrate our 2 year wedding anniversary here. We are big Gordon fans, watched all his shows and have paid close attention to his career. The atmosphere was modern and they were playing todays hits. So definitely attracting a younger crowd. When first stepping into the restaurant by your own personal host, you go through a tunnel like bar that was suppose to be your transition into London town! The place also had two levels. With upstairs seating on a balcony type of feel. We were seated upstairs. Even though we went on a Tuesday night, we did notice the restaurant was on a roll, with a lot of customers coming in and out. Which did mean we did wait a little before finally putting in our order. When it was our turn we were greeted with a meat presentation! Explaining all the different steaks offered on the menu and how each one will taste as well as how it is cooked. It was very helpful! For starters they served us three different types of bread. One including truffles.. oh my Goodness it was devine! We also ordered Kobe beef sliders, and I must say it was the juiciest slider I have ever tasted. The kobe beef was extremely tender and full of flavor. Melted in our mouths! For our main course my husband and I ended up ordering the 24oz ribeye. Which was definitely the biggest piece of steak I've ever eaten! For our sides we ordered grilled asparagus and a potato puree. Our streak was done medium well. It was delicious!! Although the waiter didn't spend too much time with us. We did have a lovely time. I must warn you though with quality you do have to pay, our bill averaged around $250 (including tip). Overall we were extremely happy with our experience and the delicious dinner! Thank you Gordon for a great time. We will be dining here again soon! :)
5	I visited with a couple of friends a while ago. I had the pleasure of enjoying a meal consisting of the Naccarri caviar, Maine lobster as appetizers, beef Wellington and a bit of the ribeye as entrees and the sticky toffee pudding as dessert.This was actually my first time trying caviar, and I found it to be very decadent. It was also served alongside miniature belgian waffles and other fixins which served as an excellent pairing to the caviar. The lobster was butter poached and cooked very well. However, I found the accompanying cream sauce to be a bit overpowering.The beef Wellington was cooked to a perfect medium rare, with a nice flakey pastry. Definitely was the star of the dish, as the mashed potatoes and carrots were fairly standard. The ribeye was the best cooked ribeye I've had so far, also cooked to a medium rare temperature. Most surprisingly, I found that the fat from the cut of ribeye was cooked extremely well, as it was the first time I've ever experienced the illusive 'melt in your mouth' phenomena. I've never had a steak with fat cooked like that ever since visiting Gordon Ramsay Steak. The steak sauce was extravagant. It had three different flavour profiles, going from slightly hot to a nice plum-like ending.Desert was also excellent. I found that the brown butter ice cream (which to me resembled the taste of maple syrup) paired really well with the pudding (an extremely light, fluffy and spongey cake), but the toffee sauce was very sweet. Although I do enjoy sweet desserts, I would avoid pouring too much of the toffee in.Overall, a very delectable meal. Very pricy, but equally well worth the money. Altough I usually don't eat like this all the time, given the opportunity in the future, I would gladly return for another meal.
5	My husband and I went there on 2/19/2014, our last "full" night in Vegas this past trip.  I always wanted to try it but noticed it was rather pricey so I wanted to see what the consensus was before dishing out big bucks.  It was well worth the price though that's for sure.  We are already thinking about what we are going to order the second time around.  Our waiter was Dennis, don't recall the assistant's name but they were both nice.  We did wait a little bit though, which if the prior reviews didn't boast about the excellent service I probably would not have noticed and would have chalked it up to them being very busy.  Prior reviews were correct about the bread selection- all very good.  The salt on the butter was the BOMB!  We skipped appetizers and opted to save room for dessert.  My husband ordered the bone-in rib eye and I had the American rib cap.  For our sides we selected the mac/cheese and the truffle fingerling potatoes.  Let me just say- I could have just had the sides as my entree because they were both excellent.  Rich and decadent.  I almost felt guilty eating them.  But they were so good.  And let me say the day after they were just as good.  The American Rib cap, which I never heard of before, was excellent.  8 ounces seemed small but it was packed with flavor and with the sides, well I couldn't finish it.  That too tasted good the day after.  My husband's rib-eye although BIG was just alright.  Meaning we've had bone-ins before.  His had a little more gristle than we prefer so he's thinking he'll go with the rib cap next time.  For dessert, we went with the sticky toffee pudding even though I was a little reluctant after trying the one at BurGR- it was a little too sweet for my taste.  But the one here, at the steak place, was excellent.  It wasn't too sweet at all.  We are ready to go back on our next trip.
5	This place was delicious!The servers were very friendly and informative and helped us choose the food that was best. The service was quick and we were out in plenty of time to see our show!Appetizers: my husband had fried pork belly. It was melt in your mouth delicious. Yummo! He is picky - especially about expensive food and he was oohing and ahhh ing the entire time he was eating it I got the gnocchi.  It was also very good and a little lighter. Both appetizers were delicious. Dinner: We got the beef Wellington for 2. It was incredible. Possibly the best food I've ever eaten. We had mushrooms and the loaded baked potato for sides and the potato was to die for! I don't even know how they make a baked potato taste that good. We will definitely be back when we return to Vegas!
5	Hands down, best steak I've ever had in my life. Service was above and beyond. The recommendation for an accompanying wine with my steak was also top-notch. The place is expensive but deservedly so. If you are a steak lover, this place belongs on your bucket list. Please eat here.
4	Back for another trip to Steak... Again, the food served far exceeded expectations!!! We decided to go with the shellfish appetizer for the first time, great choice and will be ordering it on our next trip!! The reason for the 4 star rating opposed to the usual 5 is for the staff... Not sure if someone called out sick or what the issue was, but our waitress seemed very short with us, at times felt rushed.  The three of us placed our orders... All steaks.. When the plates arrived, we had two steaks and a chicken breast.  Servers immediately corrected this error and we all moved on without any problems.... Then the bill arrived, since our waitress went on break after delivering the check, I had time to review what we ordered against what was on the check.  Everything was charged, along with this mystery baked chicken.  When I brought it to the attention of our waitress, she apologized and corrected the error.  I hate to think like this, but I wonder how often this routine is attempted over a night,.. People know the bill is going to be about 150 per person, have a few drinks, toss in their credit card and move along.  I always give 20% for good service, so I don't feel bad when I give less of a tip for issues such as these.Even with the hiccup, we look forward to returning!
5	I took my husband to GRS for our 24th wedding anniversary. Some friends of our met us there that were from Northern Cali. The beef Wellington was AMAZING!! The meals were AMAZING our waiter was great. Loved loved loved it!!! Was worth every dollar!! Would go again.
5	This was my 3rd trip to Gordon Ramsay Steak at the Paris Hotel & Casino in Vegas. My experience was the same the 3rd time as it was the first two visits.  I am only doing a review now as I did not have a Yelp account then. Our reservation was a Sunday night at 5:15pm. We had friends in town who really wanted to try the restaurant. Just a side note you have to book reservations well in advance.  This place is very popular and very busy.  We usually book a week in advance to be safe. Sometimes you can get lucky though and get a same day reservation. The staff is very professional and friendly. Out of curiosity we asked when the last time Chef Ramsay had been to this location and turns out he was there 4 days prior. To start the meal, they give you a nice assortment of breads.  As a starter the English Chowder soup is a must try if you are a soup fan. For the main course the signature house dish of Beef Wellington is even better than you think. I haven't really tasted anything else like it. It literally melts in your mouth and comes with a small potato puree and vegetable side.  I think the only thing I don't like is the Mac N Cheese. It has a very unique taste i think due to the truffles used in it is what I heard. 3 out of 4 people at our table were not fans but it is still a popular side.  If you save room for dessert I recommend sharing a Sticky Toffee Pudding with another person. It is pretty rich but I can't think of a better dessert I have had anywhere else.  Next time I visit I am going to try the Wagyu American Rib Cap as it is the 2nd most recommend item not the menu outside of Beef Wellington. The only down side besides the Mac N Cheese is when the check comes! You get what you pay for! It is not a cheap restaurant by any means, but then again the quality is great all the way around. I would definitely recommend it for special occasions type of place unless you are rich :)
5	I can honestly say this is the best restaurant I've ever been to!! Wow, everything about this place was great, service, ambiance, food, everything.  We got the Maine lobster as an appetizer. The lobster was excellent, very unique. I couldn't live with myself if I didn't order Gordon Ramsay's  beef Wellington and I'm glad I did!!  The Wellington was cooked perfectly, you could cut the filet with a fork ( not kidding ) it came with veggies and mashed potatoes in a glaze sauce. For desert we got the sticky toffee pudding. It was the perfect way to end the meal.  I'm definitely making this place a regular stop when in Vegas!
5	I love Gordon Ramsey and his steakhouse is better than his regular restaurant. The restaurant is hip and fun. Being a fan of his show, I knew I had to try the famous beef wellington that he talks about in his show. It lived up to my expectations and more. It was moist, buttery,and melt in your mouth perfection while bf got the rib eye steak. We went all out and ended up ordering the bone marrow and foi grais as well. Even though it was good, I don't think I'll ever end up getting this combination of food again because it was reallly really heavy as the food is already rich and hearty. For dessert, we got the sticky toffee pudding. Again, this was decadent and rich and I think I hurt my stomach trying to finish everything but it was just too good to stop eating. I literally could have gone to the hospital that day from overeating!
5	Really cool decor! The bar tube and neon were cool! The only negative was that It was very noisy (loud music). The 4 choices of bread (Wow) each one was delicious! Beet Salad (Fantastic selection of beets and Gorgonzola cheese) and Beef Wellington (Great) with Truffle Mac n Cheese (Great) and a Bone Marrow sauce (Good) - Pricey, but that's expected - overall a great restaurant!
5	Me and my boyfriend had reservations here on a Friday night. We got there a little early and waited about 5 min for our table but were seated at a small table in the entry dinning room while we waited. We were seated and ordered our dinner. I ordered the classic Beef Wellington and my boyfriend order the Fisherman's Grill. We also ordered the Kurobuta Pork Belly appetizer. The appetizer was wonderful. Our entrees were also wonderful. The Bread plate appetizer was full of flavor. The dinner was very filling. We had no room for dessert. The staff were very informative of the menu and very kind. We would definitely go back if we go to Vegas any time soon.
5	Wow!!! I may never be able to eat regular food again.  Have the toffee pudding for dessert!!!!   It was to die for. The only thing that could have made it better would be if Ramsey was there!
5	I'm having trouble thinking of how to even start this review. Yum. Nom. Delicious. OH MY GOODNESS IS THIS WHAT HEAVEN IS LIKE? All come to mind. The wait staff is amazing and friendly as well as attentive. Our waiter was fine. Like super hot. And super nice. I almost wanted to ask him to have my babies. Christina is gorgeous (winner of Hell's Kitchen) and was working the line. She looked dedicated to her job and it was amazing watching her work. First off, the bread beforehand is already great. If that was any indication of where the food was going, we were super excited. My date and I ordered the beef wellington for 2 and IT LIVES UP TO ITS HYPE. We both moaned non-stop as we ate. Only downfall is that the pastry puff kept falling off but otherwise, I tore into that dish. I cleaned my plate so well, everyone was shocked. My parents ordered the rib-eye that was made to perfection.  They couldn't stop raving about it. My mom ate her whole rib eye even though she wasn't even hungry because she just couldn't stop. Then she asked me if she could have half my dish!!! I told her to back off. Hah. We also had a side of the mac & cheese. The cheese extremely strong and slightly smelly but oh so good. If you're hitting up Vegas, GO! I'm telling you now to GO! My mom actually said this was the best steak she ever had and she didn't even want to go at first!!! They also have a Hell's Kitchen menu that includes Scottish Egg, Scallops w. Risotto, a Beet Salad dish, Beef Wellington and for dessert, a Toffee type dessert.FYI you can get the Scottish Egg and Toffee dessert at GR's Pub & Grill at Caesar's so you don't have to stick to the HK $145 per person (and the WHOLE table has to do the HK menu if you're doing that) menu! ENJOY!
5	I am a frequently Yelper, but I have never felt inclined to write a review, but after visiting Gordon Ramsay Steak on 2/27 with my significant other I feel like I have a new found appreciation for fine dining and food.My significant other is not much for red meat, but she was coerced by the impressive meat display and explanations for each cut and ordered the Kobe American Rib Cap. Despite the great displays I was dead set on ordering Gordon's signature dish, the Roasted Beef Wellington. As sides, we ordered the Mac & Cheese and Roasted Heirloom Carrots.The Beef Wellington was great. It melts in your mouth and the pastry complimented the filet very nicely. While it was great, I would never order it again because of how amazingly delicious the few bites of the Rib Cap I was able to steal from my significant other. Wow. The cut was perfect. Full-flavored and succulent. I'm not sure a steak could be prepared any better.The sides: The Roasted Heirloom Carrots were the best carrots I have ever had. Don't be scared of the hot wing sauce. They are not overly spicy. The combination of the sweetness of the carrot with the sauce and being roasted was a delightful treat. Now, comes the Mac & Cheese. I was skeptical that mac & cheese was on the menu of a fine establishment, but it made me think there must be a reason for it. So, I took the plunge and I was not disappointed. The other reviews don't do it justice. One cheese doesn't overpower the other. It was the perfect storm of cheesy goodness. A cheese tornado if you will. I don't know how I will eat mac & cheese again and not reminisce about this dish.The service was great. We weren't constantly harassed and the staff knew what we wanted even before we asked for it.The visit was great. Having recently taken a trip to Paris, France, Paris Hotel & Casino brought back memories of walking along the Seine and sitting in front of the Eiffel Tower in all its glory.There are tons of fantastic places to eat in Las Vegas, but if you have an opportunity to visit Gordon Ramsay Steak I would recommend doing so.
2	Went on V-day weekend and was not impressed. We ordered a bunch of different dishes and said we wanted to share. They ended up serving our steak cut up into pieces and that was disappointing. The juices had run out and honestly tasted room temperature. The plates were not heated either and overall the food was not great. The steak taste a bit tough and the staff were always in a rush. I definitely won't be coming back and would rather spend my money at Mastro's steakhouse.
5	Gordon Ramsay, you truly did not disappoint me. I came here twice in 2013, late post but better late than never. I can still remember the great dishes they served here. Also, I liked their menus, it is not a typical open-it-up menu, but all info is one button away on a iPad. haha so clever!My friend and I arrived a little earlier than our reservation. We stopped by the bar and I order Pim's this is a girly fruity drink, right up my alley. I am not a heavy drinker and get the asian glow after a couple of sips. This drink was refreshing and light enough for me to handle. Must give this drink a try if you are not a heavy drinker, but want a little something to sip on. The two times I've been here were both really enjoyable meals for me. We ordered half a dozen of oysters, they were very fresh and tasty with the sauces they provide along with the appetizer. We also ordered the beet salad, this is very light and refreshing and the beets were cooked nicely. For the main dish I ordered the 8oz American Rib Cap cooked medium rare, you cannot go wrong with this one. It is nice and tender cooked to perfection. I was told that this piece of meat has the most marbles all around, you can really taste it and that's why the meat is so tender, plus the price for it says it all!  For the sides we order the mashed potatoes, and it was very smooth and yummy. Perfection combination when eaten with a piece of rib cap! If you are ever in Las Vegas, you should treat yourself to this place. It will not disappointment. I usually will not go back to eat at the same fine dining restaurant again unless it is unforgettable tasty food and I must go back for more! This is one of them, go try for yourself.
4	I had my first beef wellington, and I was so not disappointed! It was a bit rare for my usual taste, but it didn't bother me. The bread - OMG. Also, the sticky toffee pudding was perfect.
4	Great food and atmosphere. The iPad menus were a little strange, even for younger diners like us. Overall the food was great. Highly recommend the beef wellington. Probably wouldn't go back but a good steakhouse for a Vegas trip!
3	The selection of steak is solid-- USDA Prime, dry aged at least 28 days, real Kobe beef grade A5 for the obligatory princely sum. Just make sure you have a reservation or else good luck getting seated...Filet mignon and New York strips are excellent, as is the Kobe. The ribeye, on the other hand, was just okay-- I expected better given the glazing and dry aging they claim to do.Much like the ribeye, the seafood platter was also just okay. They actually had excellent clams, shrimp, and lobster, but the oysters were a serious letdown. The rest of the meal made up for it, though, with a delicious scotch egg, a solid baked potato, and a ridiculously good haricot vert (tempura-battered green beans). Gnocchi was also a hit.Real reason for this rating? We had perhaps the slowest meal in the whole restaurant. The tables surrounding us, we saw some had changed over twice in the time we were there, I think one might've changed over three times. The wait between courses was excruciating until the main courses all came out at once. The scotch egg? The seafood platter? I think they were birthing the chickens one by one in the back, and the seafood must've still be on the way from the airport when we ordered.Waiting for dessert (the toffee thing was awesome) wasn't too bad, but it was definitely more waiting...
3	Oh boy. You expect to get great service and even better food from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant, right? Our service was sub-par. We waited extremely long for a menu, then even longer for our order to be taken. We asked to be served bread since we were quite hungry from waiting, and I could see the waiter roll his eyes. Meanwhile a gentleman sits next to us and chats with the waiter about the menu. 60 seconds after that conversation a server walks up and begins to drop the bread at the table next to us, and I noticed the waiter motion to our table so we did finally get the bread. We started to notice that this person next to us was getting attentive and fast service when it struck me that he was a food/restaurant critic as he was taking notes on his phone after each conversation and bite of food. Professional or amateur I'm not sure, but he was given noticeably better service than any other table around.The variety of bread was nice and included 2 types of brioche. We ordered sliders as an appetizer, which were pretty good. The main course: I ordered a special they had that night which was the "eye" of the ribeye, rare. He ordered the full ribeye, medium well and we ordered a baked potato to share (all sides are to be added on and are enough to share). My "rare" steak was medium and so was his "medium-well" ...I guess they just evened it out. The baked potato looked as though it had been sitting because the sauce on top had developed the film that warm dairy does after sitting. The steaks were tasty- can't say anything negative about the quality of the meat, and the skins of the potato were seasoned and delicious. I enjoyed that they bring around a "meat tray" that is like a dessert tray, except with all the cuts of steak offered. Can't say I would return next time I'm in Vegas, nor do I think I would recommend to friends.
5	This place was truly delicious. Their ribeye probably ranks second on the list of steaks that I've tried behind Mastros in Beverly Hills. However, I tried a few bites of Ramsey's rib cap, and that, by far, is the best steak I've ever had. It's a shame they give you such a small cut for such a high price - I usually want to eat at least an 18oz steak if I'm paying more than $50 for it! But that aside, it was simply amazing. One of my favorite things this restaurant did was to present the uncooked steaks to us so we would know what we were ordering - the steaks they showed us were beautiful - I could stare at them forever!The sides were also really good - the one that stood out to me was the bone marrow. Cooked to perfection. I tried the bone marrow at Wicked Spoon the day after and it was such a disappointment - could not compare. Everything that this restaurant served was delicious.
4	I decided to become a pescatarian for Lent so I went here on a whim to treat myself. Go big or go home, right? I ordered the beef wellington, of course. It was delicious. Cooked perfectly in my opinion. I don't like overly seasoned steak. I feel that if it's cooked right, the taste of the meat shouldn't be covered in sauces and seasoning. The couple of potato and carrot pieces that came with the plate were firmer than I'd had before. I didn't think I'd like that, but it was a pleasant surprise. I got the mushrooms on the side, which were a bit of a disappointment to me. I don't know if it was the mushrooms themselves, or the sauce used to cook them in, but something tasted both too earthy and fishy at the same time. Weird description, I know. I'm sorry, I don't know how else to describe them.They provided me with a plate of a variety of little breads to try. The one with bacon was my favorite, of course!All in all, it was a nice experience. Went on a Tuesday evening, no reservations, so I sat in the bar/lounge area. Totally fine with this, as it was nearly empty, and I liked being pretty much alone. As people started flowing in, I was on my way out. Perfect! The only thing I didn't like, was that the music was so darn loud in there. I'm getting old. Loud music belongs in a handful of places: clubs, concerts, parties. Not restaurants or mall shops. Maybe I'm just an old grump. I have no idea if the dining room area is a little quieter. Hope so, or I don't know how you'd hear your date. But then, if you don't want to...Service was excellent. Loved my servers.
4	very good. we got the beef wellington with a mashed potato puree, omigosh soooo good. The baked potato was NOT good to me, it didn't taste like a normal baked potato, had this yucky creamy cheese that was seasoned with too much garlic?? The mac n cheese was not tasty either, was oversalted in my opinion but the beef welli, ribeye and filet were awesome! very pricey though.
5	Best steak of my life! I'm not kidding! This place is fantastic- I don't even know where to begin. I didn't think the greens beans would be one of the most memorable parts of my dish. I think it caught me off guard how amazing green beans could taste. The steak is out of this world- it cuts like butter. And there isn't a better way to end your meal than with sticky toffee pudding!
5	Another excite dinner at Gordon Ramsey's steak house. Thank you Charles N. for taking care of us, very professional, great service & great food. Ordered the rib cap medium rare, mushrooms, and the oysters were awesome.
5	It's exactly what you would expect and hope for from chef Gordon Ramsay. Steaks were perfect and the sides were delisciously cooked with unexpected ingredients. I was also pleased to find a great whiskey selection. Incredible experience.
5	The best food I've ever had.  The music is not as intrusive as some reviews suggested.  Everything was simply amazing.  My wife had the Kobe rib cap which was super tasty and I had the beef Wellington which was perfect.  Ironically I'd had this dish 2 weeks ago somewhere else but this version was vastly superior.  Had the Mac n cheese side which was amazing.  I couldn't stop eating it.  The brioche was so good we asked for more.  The beer selection was great even for a beer snob like myself.   Service was top notch and well orchestrated.  Can't say enough good things about this experience.  We'll be back.
3	We stopped by here on a whim on our last night in Vegas (we're huge Gordon Ramsay fans!). It was about 10:30 or 11 at night so, as we expected, they were all booked for dinner but had seats open in the lounge/bar. We sat at the empty bar and ordered a long island and a screwdriver. The servers were attentive but not polite. The bar menu has ten options - we got the sliders and gnocchi. Our food arrived relatively quickly and was plated nicely. My dish had about seven gnocchi, with dry-cured ham, heirloom tomatoes, and shaved cheese. However, my gnocchi was cold. Not like room temperature, but cold. I ate it anyway and it was fine, though I think it would have been much better if it were hot when I had gotten it. My boyfriend received a plate with two sliders, which he says "were fine. Nothing special but not bad."Although our food wasn't fantastic, I definitely wouldn't write this place off. It's hard to judge a place based on their bar food only, especially when we didn't order steak at a place known for its delicious steak. I'd like to go back for a full dinner. My only real complaint would be the staff. From the hostess to the bartenders to the person who brought our food, I had the feeling that I was more of a nuisance than a paying customer. The next time I'm in the city, I'll try this place again.
3	Loved the presentation of the meat selections and our waiter's assistant, Jose! Something felt like it was missing though. I wish I could say what! It almost seemed like everything could have been bigger or better placed...Filet and Wellington were delicious. Beware: if you order the ravioli appetizer, it is one little piece...
5	This place is awesome. The service and food were excellent.  I had the signature dish Beef Wellington along with the Brussel sprouts. It was amazing. My Yo-Yo had the 8 oz Filet and Caesar Salad. Overall, the experience was delightful.
3	The atmosphere is loud and it is right off the casino floor so that should be noted. The presentation was very nice and the selections of beef were excellent. I stared with a Caesar salad with a scotched quail egg which had just the right amount of cheese and dressing on it, then followed that up with an American Kobe beef skirt steak. The steak was cooked just how I like it and I felt it was one of the better steaks I have eaten. Excellent meal, good service, mediocre atmosphere.
5	After eating here, I'm questioning every five star review I've ever given.  This restaurant  is truly deserving of five stars.My boyfriend and I came in this past Saturday and was welcomed by a very friendly staff.  We had made reservations, so there was only a short wait while the host checked to see if our table was ready. After my boyfriend took a smoke break, the girl led us into the restaurant and welcomed us to London and described the meaning behind the red chandelier/art piece that was hanging on the ceiling. She then let us know that our booth was on the upper floor and gave us the option of the stairs or elevator. We said we didn't mind either one and she led us up the short staircase.She seated us and left. We were immediately greeted by Muuhamaduu(spelling?) and offered drinks. After he left, Tony came and introduced himself letting us know he'd be back to explain the meats.  He was thorough and answered any questions we had.  He kept a smile on his face the whole time, which I found to be very warm and welcoming. After Tony's presentation, we settled on the mac n cheese, beef Wellington, and the rib cap for my boyfriend. The food came out quickly.  My boyfriend had taken a smoke break (again) during this time, and the servers and waiters were very friendly and joked that they would finish his dinner if he didn't come back in time.The mac n cheese was the most delicious mac n cheese I've ever eaten. My boyfriend said it didn't beat his favorite boxed velveeta, but he still finished it off. The beef Wellington and rib cap was also amazing.  There is no words to describe how delicious it was. What surprised me was the few pieces of vegetables that were served with the beef Wellington. I hate carrots, my boyfriend loves carrots, and some how, this was the best piece of carrot either of us had ever eaten.We finished off our meal by ordering the sticky toffee pudding for dessert. Muuhammaduu guessed what I wanted before I ordered and said it was one of the best things there. It was actually one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth.  Get it. It's amazing. Boyfriend agreed and was scraping the bottom of the plate when we were done.During our meal Tony and Muuhammaduu were very attentive and friendly.  They talked to us and asked how things were, offered suggestions, and even chit chatted with us.  They were awesome and I would love to work with them again.  Thanks guys for the great night!
5	My bf & I have always been fans of Gordon Ramsay. After watching the whole season of Master Chef Jr. I was mindblown at how those little kids could replicate Ramsay's infamous beef wellington. Everytime I see pics of his wellington, I start salivating, hoping to try it one day. Well...THE DAY FINALLY CAME!! I know he has the London West Hollywood restaurant in L.A., which served the wellington, but the reviews weren't great. I'm so glad I waited to try his food in Vegas, rather than the L.A. restaurant!We had reservations at 9:30pm, but arrived to vegas a little late Fri night due to traffic. Luckily, they were able to accommodate us at 10:15PM.NOTE: HELL'S KITCHEN TASTING MENU STOPS AT 930PMWe were guided through the "tunnel" and given the option to our table upstairs via elevator or stairs. The view upstairs is amazing with this giant neon structure of Gordon's hands making the wellington. The interior is chic decorated in colors of black and red w/ a big British flag painted on the ceiling. Downstairs is an open kitchen, bar, and framed photos of Ramsay. It's very classy yet romantic at the same timeOur server Yaron was such a sweetheart! We came for our anniversary & he made it very memorable. I felt like royalty dining in this restaurant!  After browsing the menu, Yaron pulled up the meat cart and the carnivore in me wanted to devour every meat on that cart! He said that if I finished the 24oz bone in rib eye, he'd applaud and give me a free t-shirt. I will most definitely be back to take on this challenge :DShortly after ordering, the fresh breads came out on a plate (different than most places serving it in a basket). We ended up eating 2 plates of the bread 'cause it was so bomb! I wanted to get some to-go at the end of the night, but forgot to ask. ALL 4 VARIETY OF BREADS WERE SOO GOOD. My fav were the brioches w/ truffle and pancetta (bacon). The walnut baguette was good as well especially w/ the butter. I LOVE the butter here w/ the sea salt. Gives texture & taste. English Chowder - smoked haddock, scallops, fingerling medallions, citrus pearls. Wow at first I thought it'd be like clam chowder, but this takes chowder to a different level. Initially it came out in the soup bowl w/ just the scallop, haddock, etc. & then the server pours out the soup from a little pot. Very nice, thick consistency yet not over laden w/ butter. Scallop was cooked to perfection! It was a very filling soup, not your typical chowder.Maine Lobster - O..M..G.. the lobster was a work of art. The lobster cream was delicious, I wanted to lick the whole plate. Lobster was cooked to succulent and had a beautiful red color. Very tender, buttery smooth, fresh. The lentils were cooked perfectly as well, but I do wish that they accompanied this dish w/ something else other than lentil.Beef Wellington for 2 - Over $100 for this bad boy. It's funny the say for 2, when really it's just one wellington, but cut in half. So usually if you order wellington for 1, you get just half the wellington..It literally took 45 mins to get this dish. The wait was agonizing 'cause my mind just kept thinking about how good it'd be. When the plate finally came my heart was racing. This dish looked exactly like it did on T.V.! Everything was beyond amazing. Pastry crust was flaky, filet inside was roasted to medium rare. All the flavors in one bite blended so well I was so amazed. The potato puree and red wine demi glaze were excellent. The glazed vegetables (parsnips & carrots) accompanying the dish had glaze that were shimmering.Demi Roasted Bone Marrow - HUGE bones plated beautifully, decorated w/ green salsa verde. These totally blew away Mastro's bone marrow. I didn't care if my arteries would be clogged, these babies tasted so rich as we scooped the marrow out from the big bones.Sticky Toffee Pudding - I noticed every table ordered this and so we had to try it since everyone raved about it & it's their signature dessert. I'm not sure why they call it pudding, when it it really is a date cake. I LOVE the brown butter ice cream, it's cute how they even made it look like a stick of butter. Yaron drizzled the toffee syrup onto the cake and as it flowed spreading throughout the plate I couldn't wait to dig in. The date cake was moist and when you eat the ice cream w/ the cake & toffee, it's an explosion of sweetness in your mouth.We didn't finish til after midnight and were the last ones to leave the restaurant (they close at midnight). Midway through our meal, we felt bad staying so late so we told Yaron that he could bring out the dessert when the Wellingtons came out, but he insisted no rush and that we should take our time to enjoy our meal. That is customer service at its finest. We never felt rushed at all, truly an amazing experience at this restaurant. Can't wait to come back! O BTW, I wanted to get a pic w/ Christina, but was notified she has left and is now exec chef at BurGR!
5	The menu seemed pricey. I was skeptical. Post dinner, the verdict was in - worth it. Most definitely. I don't care for Gordon Ramsay's potty mouth, in fact, it turned me away from him for a long time.But he has an uncanny ability to take familiar flavours and dishes and execute them perfectly. I had a lamb chop and shepherds pie. But I've never had a shepherds pie like this. And the lamb chop was flawless. And the service was tremendous.Given my horrible experience at Bouchon a Thomas Keller, you could learn a thing or two
5	Loved it. Always been a fan of his shows. The food was expensive, but knowing it going in helped ease the pain in the wallet. The food was worth every penny. Had the NY Strip with mashed potato puree which was awesome. I tried the chowder soup and I don't do sea food, but it was awesome. Enjoyed the experience very much. Only negative was sitting on the bench seating where the tables where so close you didn't have a private experience.
5	My husband and I celebrated our 15th wedding anniversary at Steak.  While we are both fans of Gordon Ramsey, we had high hopes for the service and food.It surpassed our expectations.  I am gluten free and the server was very knowledgeable on my choices.  My husband at the steak and I had the Ahi Tuna Salad.  We will return for another celebration.  What a wonderful addition to the choices on the Las Vegas Strip.
5	My husband and I went here for our wedding anniversary. Everything we had was unbelievable testy.  I would highly recommend the beef wellington.
5	My husband and I have been fans of Ramsey for years. One of the highlights of our trip to Vegas was to go to Gordon Ramsey Steak. We knew it would be pricey going in and it was worth every single Penny!! We had the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu and it was truly amazing - we've never had anything even close before. We lucked out and Gordon was there, we managed to shake his hand and get a picture with him. It made our night (Year!).  On top of the great food the service was Outstanding!  Our server was Charles N. and he made the night even better. Great service and conversation without ever trying to hurry along the experience.  We highly recommend going in and we will be back for sure!!
5	My wife and I both had the HK tasting menu which at first I thought might be a little over priced but I was wrong! Every course was excellent. Meal consisted of:Amuse Bouche - Scotch EggFirst course - Beet Root SaladSecond course - Scallop RisottoThird course - Roasted Beef WellingtonDessert course - Sticky Toffee Pudding FYI...Still water is not complimentary and you will have to pay for it.
5	THE BEST STEAK I HAVE EVER HAD. If you can afford a $100 per person menu then you NEED to go here. Great service and a great atmosphere. The menu is mostly steak obviously but it is by far the best I have had. Cooked perfectly and literally melt in your mouth good. We will definitely be coming back here next time we are on the strip.
3	Steaks are awesome, but kinda expensive for the serving size. Las Vegas Strip pricing in effect, for sure. Weird red lighting everywhere. Like the uncomfortable red-lit scenes from the 1981 Disney bomb "The Devil and Max Devlin" starring Elliott Gould and Bill Cosby. Surprised that Gordon Ramsay approved of the lighting in here. They say that the color red makes you hungry...Cap Of Ribeye ($60) a.k.a. Spinalis steak, is my favorite cut, even more so than Hanger Steak. Both are extremely hard to find, and special orders even at the best independent butcher shops. So maybe it's worth the splurge after all?The English Chowder ($18) is pretty terrible. Don't even think of ordering it. Exactly one tiny scallop, one minuscule bit of fish, and 3 halves of a fingerling potato. Boring white chowder with a unnecessarily snazzy presentation - they pour the soup in front of you.Bottom line: Gordon Ramsay Steak will do just fine, regardless of the lighting (or the crappy Chowder).
3	The food was good but pricey.  I had the Bone In Ribeye 24 oz $57.00 served okay. But if you do not like sauce on your steak tell them to serve it on the side. My wife had the American Rib Cap 8 oz, $60.00 really not worth the price. Wine list is extensive but way overpriced. Based on their wine list I have a million dollars of wine in my cellar. Food wise a little above average. Now the downside. There are 2 levels, the main level is very noisy and cramped. The upper level is much nicer except the speakers are above you in the ceiling and the music was VERY load. You could not hear each other talk. We mentioned it to our waiter and he said they have a lot of complaints about the loud music. Forget a nice romantic evening, and for this reason I would never go back.
5	You get what you pay for, so pay $80/oz of Kobe Beef and you'll get BestPieceOfMeatYouWillEverEat/oz
5	I am a big Gordon Ramsay fan so when I booked my trip to Vegas it was a no brainer that I made reservations for my wife & I to eat dinner here. Though it's costly , it definitely made any & every expectation I had...and then some! Food, Service & Ambiance - second to none !!! Do yourselves a favor & dine here! Gordon Ramsay IS the man!!!
5	I had dinner there on Feb 23. Awesome experience. Exactly as I expected. From my cocktail (The Side Car), to the Smoked Beef Tartare app, to the Beef Wellington, it was perfection. After watching Gordon's various TV programs, you expect perfection and this restaurant delivers. Can't wait to go back and try a steak. I had to get the Wellington after seeing it on Hell's Kitchen for so many years.
4	The food was very good. Loved the Market Green Salad, Wagyu Rib Cap and Potato Puree. The Sticky Toffee Pudding was amazing! The reason I did not give them 5 stars is because the service although attentive was very slow.
3	What!? I'm shocked that I didn't fall in love with this place. We planned this to be our 'fancy' dinner to celebrate our anniversary. Last time we were in Vegas, we went to Cut and wanted something a little less awkward. Our waiter was amazing and if it weren't for him, I think we would have liked Gordon Ramsay Steak even less. The Beef Wellington was a lot better than the New York Strip (which is what my fiance prefers at steakhouses). You can get much more delicious steak in Dallas for half the price.
3	I'm a Portland, OR native so I have been to Morton's, Ringside, Ruth's Chris, Portland City Grill, and El Gaucho to name a few. So I figured I had to try this place and Ramsay's acclaimed beef wellington.Sadly, it really did not live up to expectations. The service was friendly, but insanely slow even though the area we were seated in was nearly empty. The whole night started off badly when we had to stand and wait for some 5 minutes at the front before anybody even offered to find our reservation or seat us. What was worse was there had to be like 5-6 employees just standing around talking.The steaks are definitely tender and cooked exactly as you request. But the steak I received was luke warm at best when I finally got it, what gives? The Beef Wellington, while a nice variety of flavors, just wasn't what I expected. I still prefer a properly cooked steak a la carte.The scotch egg was good. The bone marrow, if it is your thing, was also very well done. The sauteed mushrooms had a weird overpowering flavor that I can only relate to "fake bacon" flavoring.The sticky toffee dessert was actually quite good, in fact, probably one of the best desserts I have had in my life. If you get anything here, get that.All in all, I've had better food preparation, presentation, service, and flavor overall at a variety of other places. The fact that I spent over $250 alone on my meal here makes it entirely not worth it for what you get.Sadly, I really cannot recommend this place, other than to try the Beef Wellington and cross it off your list of things to do. Ramsay should really visit this place and shape it up.
4	This is going to be a very detailed review. If you like details read on:Arrived at 7 for a 7:15 pm reservation. Seated by 7:10 Music is WAAAAAAY to loud.It is unnecessary in that environment it they turned it down by half it would still be a little too loud. It borders on obnoxious. Service was 85% really good 15% insincere and almost scripted garbage. The physical appearance of the restaurant is nouveau and the place to be vibe. Hostesses ALL need an attitude adjustment. I TOTALLY get famous chef, pretentious reputation hype BS. They are all of that and that is fine. The issue is they are removed from the purpose of their jobs. It is pathetic how they walk people from door to table. It is all attitude that is not restaurant in Vegas attitude but just cold , aloof, don't care yeah yeah yeah in style.Food:The food was good / really good with a few real stars in the mix accompanied by some ho hum dishes s well. Caesar salad was one of the best I / we have ever had. It was a work of art on the plate with perfect flavor throughout Dressing was obviously house made and perfect in every way.. Ramsay's Beef Wellington was good but slightly bland. I MIGHT order it again. The Fingerling potatoes were the dud of the night. I think they were running short and just threw frozen potatoes in the fryer and pulled them too soon. They were really hard and flavorless. A real disappointment. The mac and cheese was as good as it gets. Perfect everything with taste from heaven. Sticky Toffee Pudding: It was good but do not listen to the hype about it. Sure it tastes good and served in a fun way but that's it. There certainly are better similar desserts out there. I am not saying it wasn't good I am saying it wasn't the best thing ever put on a plate. Yes it was moist and flavorful yes it had a good taste just no WOW affect.It isn't cheap $500.00 for 4 with no alcohol but its Vegas and Ramsay.
5	We ate here 12-25-2012. Just now catching up with all my reviews! This place is fantastic. My daughter son in law and I flew into vegas for xmas and met my dad and step mom here for dinner and it was great. I had the beef wellington which was perfect. Everyone else had some kind of cut of steak and they all loved it. Sorry cant get more specific too much time passing! Service was great too.
1	First let me say that I am a big Gordon Ramsay fan.  My wife and I went to his steakhouse and expected the high standards that he demands from Restaurant Nightmares.  What we got was a nightmare.  We were seated over 30 minutes late for our reservation.  They have about 6 scantily clad young girls to do one hostess job (not necessarily a bad thing if you are a man).  The bar area is cramped and depressing and not a place you want to eat or have a drink.  The wine list offers few options unless you want to order a $300 overpriced generic bottle or drop a mortgage payment on a bottle of Petrus.  The mashed potatoes were like potato soup and the steak was not all that great given the Texas Chainsaw Massacre like production in choosing your dead flesh.  What really bothered us was the service.  We sat for 20 minutes while our server, another server, and the manager all walked past us with our finished entree plates.  Split a fish and chips at his pub across the street. It is the best fish and chips I have ever had, is a great value to share, and you won't leave there thinking his high standards on his shows are a bunch of bs.
5	My bf and I came here last night 3/31 and it was AMAZING! He had the lobster wellington and I had the beef wellington. We also ordered a side of mac and cheese and brussel sprouts which were equally as amazing as the wellingtons! It is a little bit loud in there, but I get that they're trying to stay with the hip Vegas theme. Waiters are very attentive. It was bf and I's 3 year anniversary so the waiters all said happy anniversary to us which was very sweet! Also, I had made reservations for the wrong date(was supposed to be for 4/1) but we were able to get a table and only waited about 15-20 min which was great! We will definitely be coming back here again on our next trip to Vegas!
5	Steak provides a great dining experience on the Strip in Las Vegas. Although the ambient noise can intrude a bit on intimate conversation, the main reason to come here is for the food. The various cuts were all presented and explained by the knowledgeable staff before we placed our order. The appetizer we ordered, English Chowder, was superb. The bone-in rib-eye was tender and succulent. The brussels sprouts were excellent, too. Brussels sprouts?? Yep!! And be sure to save room for the sticky toffee pudding dessert. Damn!! It's good!! Next time we are in Vegas, we're hitting this place up again!!
5	I've always said the only thing Vegas is good for is good shows, losing money, and fine dinning. This steak house obviously fits into the last category. Last time I was in Vegas I had the tasting menu at nobu, this time I am having the steak at Gordon Ramsay. I was going to give it 4 stars, but after some thought I feel it should be 5. The average price should be about ~$100 per person if you steer clear of the caviar. I don't feel like the tasting menu was worth it because I'm not a huge fan of beet salads. The HK antioxidant drink was good and worth it, and do not leave WITHOUT having the toffee dessert!
1	I was so disappointed in this place... Service was terrible - the waiter couldn't be bothered and was rude... Took 20 minutes just to get a drink and we had to ask for menus! Food was ok! I expect much more from a Gordon Ramsey establishment!
4	Here at the Las Vegas Gordon Ramsay's Steak restaurant for my birthday, with wife, her son and his wife. We were seated upstairs, in a very nice booth, and were attended to very well.  For such a large, and busy restaurant, the noise level was reasonable.  Incredible wine list, helpfully shown on a tablet computer.  I will say though, it took me awhile to sort through the listings; the menu structure was not very user friendly!  Three of us had the beef wellington and one rib eye.  It took the advertised 45 minutes, but they went fast as we enjoyed our wine.  No complaints from anyone, the food was excellent and well served as it should be at this price level!  Side dishes included the mac and cheese and caesar salads, each equally good. For me the portions were just fine, but I am at a point in life now where I frequently share entrees.  Still, we brought some back to our hotel!  Given the choices in this city, not sure I would come back.  Expected just a bit more!
5	Hands down the best meal I have ever eaten! We had a great 4 course meal with steaks, beef Wellington, and a dessert to die for! The service was 5 star and the staff was outstanding including accommodating us with our 6 month old son!! Never been treated better! Would fly back just to eat there!
5	We ate here last spring. I told the wife if everything was not perfect we were doing a Hell's Kitchen move and sending it back. Well.... nothing went back and Ramsey exceeded our expectations.....especially the sticky toffee pudding!
5	My wife and I had dinner at Gordon Ramsey Steak on April 4, 2014, during a spring break Las Vegas trip.I have so say that I had very high expectations, and they were not disappointed. As other reviewers have stated, the music seemed a bit loud at first (British Rock and Roll) but as I sat down, relaxed, and had some wine I found that I was enjoying the atmosphere. The wine list was extensive with options that ranged from reasonable inexpensive ($45-55) to four and five figures. After we decided our appetizer, entrees, and sides we decided on a Sangiovese that was priced at $55 a bottle that was very nice, and pared well with the food. The selection of breads was excellent. It included: Lemon Focaccia with Olive Oil, Black Truffle Mushroom with Pancetta and pork fat, Baguette with Blue Cheese and Blue Cheese and Walnut served with butter with sea salt. The Black Truffle Mushroom with Pancetta and pork fat was particularly flavorful, needing no help from the butter. My wife and I committed to having only one bread plate; but, after tasting the selection, we could not say "no" when offered a second. Our appetizer choice was the chorizo stuffed lobster tail with kale and lentils. The lobster was sweet and full of flavor, and the chorizo balanced the dish nicely. My wife is not a huge fan of either cooked greens or legumes; but even she enjoyed the flavor of the lentils and kale. Foe steaks, my wife chose the prime filet, and I chose the prime bone in ribeye. Both steaks were prepared perfectly at a medium-rare temperature. The sear was great; and the crust on the outside was amazing. For me, this was at least a tie for the best steak I have ever had. For sides we selected the mac and cheese with fresh peas, and tempura hericoverts. I learned during this meal that we have been doing mac and cheese all wrong, and that blue cheese is a critical component to the dish. This mac and cheese was easily the best I have ever had.Jon, the third place finisher from last season's Hell's Kitchen has been hired on, and was expediting.The desert menu looked excellent; but we were far to full to order anything. The service was flawless. Any time our wine or water glasses were getting near low, there was someone to come and refill. The servers were knowledgeable and attentive; while giving us plenty of space to enjoy the meal. In summery, I would change nothing from this meal except, perhaps, turning the volume down on the music just a little.
5	Amazing!  Everything from the service, to the food, to the decor was great. I went with my boyfriend...he has been there before but I had not. They gave me a short tour letting me know why the restaurant looked the way it did (I won't give it away but the story behind it is cute) The wait staff shows you all the different cuts of steak...that made my decision harder!  All of the food was delicious.  We had steak, lobster tail, and my boyfriend had foie gras.  We enjoyed every last bit, but we're too stuffed to try out the desserts!  If you're in Vegas, make a reservation to go there. Sometimes, you may even have a chef from Hell's Kitchen cooking for you!
5	The experience was simply amazing; the restaurant absolutely out does itself.  The minute we walked in the door the hostess explained the way the restaurant was designed. The staff was extremely attentive and made the overall experience amazing from assisting us with dinner, choosing the wine, appetizers, the main course, and dessert.  I would without a doubt return and make reservations at other Gordon Ramsay restaurants.
2	I was not impressed.  The steak was mediocre at best and the service was good until the waiter found out that we weren't drinking wine or cocktails. There were positives though...The pork belly appetizer was outstanding as well as the baked potato. Overall I would not return
2	Music way too loud...like sitting in a bar waiting to dance   Boom.  Boom.  Boom. Food was great but if you want to talk to your partner go somewhere else.
4	Me and my husband is a fan of Gordon Ramsay, we've ate here twice ..most recently last Sunday. Since, we always come here with our 2 kids , and our best friend, we already knew to expect to bring about 700 bucks more or less. Since, we are not big on alcohol we opted for just water all around, and a couple of ice teas. Me and my husband had the american rib cap it's delicious , my kids both shared a 32oz porterhouse which was just average. My kids definitely loves the sticky toffee pudding .I would say pass on the sliders for the appetizer because its not worth the price for 2 pieces. So I think with our second trip to this place I would say it was a hit and miss. If your a total reward member you get a little discount on food.
2	My bf and I just ate here. We had the beef Wellington, Mac n cheese and the toffee pudding for dessert. After everything was done I told my bf I wished we had just come for the dessert, the rest of our meal was just ok and not worth the price. We agreed with others that the beef Wellington was well cooked but lacked flavor. And our server was slower than slow, not at all what I would expect. He acted like he was doing us a favor by serving us, that he had better things to do. Quite disappointed. Only saving grace was the toffee pudding.
3	On April 9th I had dinner at Gordon Ramsey's restaurant at the Paris hotel in Las Vegas.   Someone may want to inform Mr. Ramsey that this restaurant is in the U.S. and not in England. I couldn't hear the waiter, or other people at the table because of the loud British dance music.. Is this a restaurant or a disco?
1	It is shocking to me that this restaurant has maintained 4 stars. After spending over 1600.00 here (yeah watch out this place is a shakedown) our whole party walked away mocking this sham steakhouse. It is literally a running joke for bad food now. You can get a better cut of meat at dennys. The steaks were tough and flavorless - cooked poorly. The sides were boring. The Service was spotty at best. Even the desserts were bad - how do you make a bad dessert? The seafood platter was passable - but its a steak house... soooo... you cant hang our hat on that.There are SO MANY great ways to throw your money away in Vegas - please folks - skip this one!GORDON RAMSAY - Spend more time in your own kitchens and less time mugging for the camera 'fixing' other peoples. The worst steakhouse I have EVER been to.
4	This gonna be a short review because this Ramseys signature place in LV. First of all staff is top of the line, in true Ramsey style, if your not in the mood for steak I would say dont waste your time here as the expirence is worth the whole thing. I had to have Gordon signature dish and I would say on you first time have this. The Beef Wellington was extraordinary and pared with an exquisite big red you will agree with me.
5	I always come in with low expectations for Strip restaurants, since you are often paying for the name and not always the food. Or the food may be amazing, but so tiny in portion that you leave hungry.  Boy,  I was totally wrong about this place, mind blowing level of amazing food!  We went here for my bachelorette party dinner and we were seated upstairs in a side room for a group of 8.  Staring with the bread, they had prosciutto brioche, black truffle brioche, a lemony ciabatta, and one additional bread.  The bread was warm when it arrived to the table, already a good start to the meal.  We ordered the Kurobuta pork belly and grits appetizer x 2 and the fried blue point oysters.  Both of these were delicious and we ended up scraping the plate for the rest of the cheesy grits.  The creme fraiche tarter sauce was creamy goodness paired with the perfectly fried oysters.  On to the entrees, normally I go ribeye at steakhouses but after watching enough episodes of Hell's Kitchen and Master Chef, how can you not order the Beef Wellington?!  But as a compromise, my friend and I shared the Wellington and also shared a 24 oz ribeye (both medium rare).  I like that they bring the butcher's cart out with all the different cuts of meat and explain the marbling and quality of each so you know what you are getting.  We also ordered the brussel sprouts, loaded baked potato, and mac and cheese for sides to share.  Overwhelmingly, the Beef Wellington was the highlight of the meal.  The meat literally melts in your mouth as you take each bite!  I would order this over steak any day.  The other strange thing is the Beef Wellington is less than $60 and so was the 24 oz ribeye.  Normally, I expect to pay upwards to $80+ for steakhouses on the Strip.  I was baffled by the lower than expected price and the higher than expected quality.  For any Chinese person, this is a win win situation!  The ribeye was marbled perfectly and seasoned to perfection as well.  But hands down I would order the Beef Wellington again, next time I come here.  The portion size is also very large, we easily could have shared either the ribeye or the wellington and not ordered another entree.  The sides were also good, I would probably pass on the loaded baked potato next time but the mac and cheese was flavorful and creamy.  The brussel sprouts were crispy and the acidity from the vinaigrette paired beautifully.  To cap off an amazing meal, we ordered the famous sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream.  I thought it would be overly sweet, but I mean this is probably one of the best desserts I have ever had.  The ice cream paired with the moist cake was indescribable!  For your next any kind of celebration come here....or just make up a reason to come!
5	This restaurant was everything I had hoped for. The service was incredible and the food even better. My dining companion and I both ordered the limited edition Hells Kitchen menu, of which they will only serve 2000. We were number 249 and 250. We did splurge on the caviar and by far the best presentation ever. The famous Wellington is divine. If you are in Vegas, I highly recommend this restaurant, or better said, experience.
5	I went here with a party of 6, we were greeted by everyone who worked there with a smile & welxome. The atmosphere is upscale, everyone was dressed up. The service was great. All the waiter worked together very well, the presentation was very informative and sweet. The food was great! I order the seafood dish, and it was delicious! The husband order primerib and it was thick and tendon! The price is $$$$ but like "Drake" says "YOLO"
5	We went to Gordon Ramsey Steak for my husbands birthday celebration.  Staff is very friendly. Strawberry martini was fabulous, appetizers, bread , butter, we're all very very good. Husband ordered beef Wellington and I had beef short ribs and they were both amazing. Tried buttery toffee pudding for desert and it was heaven. I have to say it was the best dining experience ever.
4	There are so many steak restaurants in Las Vegas, but me and my GF had to try Gordan Ramsay. We've watched him so many times on TV. IF you wanna try a more economical Gordan Ramsay, there are Gordan Ramsay burger places too. We'll try those next time.I will rave about their service. They were always very prompt and very kind. We were probably the youngest customers that night, but we felt we were still treated with amazing service. When we thought our Beef Wellington was a little overcooked, they gave us two new pieces. That was pretty unbelievable. The only reason I'd give this place 4/5 stars is because we thought the Beef Wellington should have come out perfect the first time. IT was a lot better the second time. The Beef Wellington is supposed to be their specialty. Something that is quite unique.If you're interested in some of the philosophy behind the restaurant, ask your server about the weird/interesting design on the ceiling. IT'll definitely make you look at Gordan Ramsay differently.
2	Go for the novelty, not the chef. We had quite the choices on where to grab a prime steak in LV, and being that we're there every few months and based on the freshness and gorgeous presentations of something as simple as Plane Food Heathrow, the food at London NY and LA,  how could we go wrong with a multi- Michelin star chef?You don't go to GRS for a steak, you go for a to experience a cheap intimation of the set of Hell's Kitchen.  Garishly loud, with bad 80's  music cranked so loudly I was expecting  American Psycho's Patrick Bateman to sit at the table next to me, however being that it seems the restaurant has no sense of dress code it's safe to say that won't happen either. The one reason I gave it two stars is for the foie gras. Beautifully prepared. The maple glaze really made it stand out. The brussel sprouts with cider vinaigrette horrifically burned and soggy. And that cider....so much cider vinaigrette that it made our eyes burn.  Our waiter took one whiff and said "wow".The  rare rib-eye was incredibly well-done, and my Glaswegian Mrs. fish and chips was a soggy train wreck. I sent my steak back and it took the kitchen 45 minutes to get me back a MEDIUM-WELL rib-eye. I will say management did reach out, acknowledged the problems and took the entrees off the bill. I appreciate management's earnest, however I can't be a fan of an executive owner/chef/television-celebrity  who clearly runs a "glass house"  restaurant.
5	This restaurant by far surpassed our expectations! We had the best service and food we've ever eaten at any restaurant.We tried several appetizers including the gnocchi, stuffed lobster tail (which had lentils in bisque and it was phenomenal), pork belly, and beef tartar which comes out with garlic potato chips and was to die for!! For dinner I had the beef Wellington and my husband had the american beef rib cap. The rib cap has marbling throughout so it was pretty rich, tasted fabulous!! The beef Wellington didn't disappoint, so much flavor!! Be prepared though, it does have a longer preparation time. For accompaniments we had the sauteed mushrooms (divine), Brussel sprouts, and Mac n cheese. My husband said the brussel sprouts were very tasty and the mushrooms were as well. The Mac n cheese was good, just a little heavy on the truffle.Dessert had always been my favorite meal, so we had to sample a few. By far the sticky toffee pudding with caramel ice cream is the best dessert I've ever had!! It's worth the entire trip!! We also had the apple tart tatin which comes out nice and hot and the waiter places the wonderful cinnamon ice cream on top so it's served a la mode. The cinnamon ice cream is so smooth and delicious!! My husband is a peanut butter lover so he tried the peanut butter bar which he said was his favorite.Our service was phenomenal!! We had Matthew and Derrick as our servers. They were extremely attentive and were always there before we even realized we needed anything. Matthew was also very good in knowing the menu and made some recommendations for us. By far this is one of the best restaurants in town!!
5	This was my first time at a Gordon Ramsey restaurant and it definitely left me with a very good impression.I really had no expectations when I walked in, since I really had no idea what to expect. Some reviews say the decor was tacky, but I actually liked it. We had made reservations and were seated upstairs. It was cool seeing the whole restaurant layout from above. Service was great too. Our water cups were never empty. When you are first seated, you are given an iPad with an interactive drink menu on it. You are also given the limited edition tasting menu that supposedly highlights the dishes made in Hell's Kitchen. The tasting menu also comes with an autographed picture of Gordon Ramsey. If you ordered the tasting menu, you get to take it home as a souvenir. Although I am a fan of the show, all I really wanted to try was the beef wellington so I opted out of the tasting menu. We had a show to make so we didn't order much, especially with the beef wellington taking 45 minutes to make. The boyfriend ordered the fish and chips and we also got the brussel sprouts for a side. While we waited for our food, the bread came. I have to stop here and talk about the bread plate because I can't stop thinking about it!! The bread plate came with four different types of bread: lemon olive oil foccacia, prosciutto brioche, black truffle brioche, and I don't remember the last one. It was served warm, which made it taste even better. My favorites were definitely the prosciutto brioche and foccacia. We devoured the first plate VERY quickly and even though we knew we had to save room for our entrees, we just had to ask for a second plate. SO GOOD. I wish there was a bakery section because I would totally buy a whole batch of the bread to take home.Now, the entrees. The beef wellington was very good! It was cooked perfectly. The meat was very tender. Make sure to get a little of everything on the plate in each bite because the flavors all go together just right. The fish and chips (truffle fries) was also very good too, fried just right. The portions for both dishes were perfect. We were satisfied, but also not overstuffed. The brussel sprouts side was kind of meh. I think there was too much vinegar in it, but we'll just put that aside and remember the food that blew me away. Overall, I was very satisfied with my meal and experience here. When you go to Vegas, you are expected to splurge on the food. This splurge was definitely well worth it!
5	Just perfect. So many places do not know how to cook a steak well done. I know, I know, well, I am crazy. BUT, anything less than well grosses me out. Luckily, they did an amazing job, the steak was well done, YET, still tender. AH-MAZE-ING. The hubby and a friend had the beef wellington, and the other person in our party had bone in rib eye which he raved about. Our server was super nice. Great place, yummy food, must try.
5	Lets forget the food for a second.Our waiter was the most knowledgeable and prepared that i have ever had. He could answer any question that we had and he was able to present everything the restaurant had to offer without being scripted. (and we have all had those painful experiences with the scripted wait staff)Now the food. We ordered the Smoked Beef Tartar, Gordon Ramsey's Famous Beef Wellington, Veal Chop, and Sauteed Mushrooms. I honestly don't know what to say.  Everything was perfect. The wellington was everything that we had dreamed of after watching it get prepared for many years on the Food network and other such programs. The beef tartar was the first tartar that I have ever eaten and it was phenomenal. I could taste every component and the apple wood smoke flavor and aroma stayed with the meat for the duration of the course. The veal was perfectly cooked with a beautiful sear, spot on doneness, and the Guinness infused grainy mustard and red wine demi glace brought the meat to a whole other level. I have nothing negative to say. The environment was fantastic. Good music that wasn't too loud, great decor (I especially loved finding out the the odd neon lights hanging from the ceiling were modeled after the hand movement the Gordon Ramsey used to prepare his signature Beef Wellington), and the staff was always there to assist with anything concern I may have had.It doesn't hurt that they had Innis & Gunn on tap either. (The Canadian Cherry wood to be exact)
4	Great food at first service seems speedy but then lags during serving but the good made up for it!!!!
5	It's one of my dreams to meet Chef Ramsay and just have him cuss me out, call me a 'donkey', and tell me to have some 'ballocks' or something.... yes yes, I'd like to actually like to cook alongside him as well or even host my wedding whenever it is I get married....I became a huge Chef Ramsay fan after moving from Anchorage, Alaska in 2010 after graduating college and moving away to a completely new place where my TV was my first new friend there. One thing led to another and I found myself watching Kitchen Nightmares (the European edition... then to the American edition). I began to truly enjoy food, whether cooking it (as I learned), or eating it in a whole new light. Kitchen Nightmares led to Hells Kitchen... so on so forth you all get the drift (especially some Chef Ramsay fans).... and now I have two books, have cooked Chef Ramsay's signature dish - 'the Beef Wellington'. And ate at the MAZE in NYC with a couple of friends when I visited the "city". That place was on point. Even made me that much more of a fan.... but really to the point..Gordon Ramsay Steak was amazing. From the minute you walked in, the ambiance matched the food and the service... just phenomenal. You might think I'm bias cause I'm a Chef Ramsay fan as stated above but clearly... Gordon Ramsay knows what the heck he's doing. From all his michelin stars... the passion that overflows from the man from what you see from his shows, and the perfection he drives and excels for is shown through the restaurants he's made in his name ... down to the core of what it's all about... the food.It was the best steak I've ever had.... I do set the challenge that I can cook a mean asparagus side that I would have rather had because mine were slightly undercooked... but that didn't even cause a scene because of how much the amazing steak, the drinks that accompanied and the service that kept things going. The staff are amazing there. Friendly... there exactly when you need them, and at a distance when you'd like them to be at too. Somehow they just knew exactly where to be and how to be. Phenomenal.
5	My boyfriend and I are huge Gordan Ramsey fans. He particularly likes the Kitchen Nightmares and Hotel Hells. I like the Hells Kitchen and Masterchef. So since we were in Vegas we decided that we needed to try Gordan Ramsey's steak. I made reservations in advance and as soon as we arrived they seated us. Once you step into Gordan Ramsey steak the atmosphere is so different than in the rest of the Paris Hotel. The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing. Pretty upbeat. The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood. Talk about service, first off they use an ipad so you van browse your drink selection. Pretty cool I would say. I would recommend getting a Total Rewards card and save a couple dollars here and there but the food was well worth the price.We ordered a fillet of steak, clam chowder, duet of lamb, Mac and cheese and asparagus. The food was really good. My duet of lamb included a small shepherds pie and some lamb. The lamb was great and the garnish tasted very yummy. I was not really impressed by the shepherds pie but it's okay. The Mac and cheese was very good. The service was great in itself. The waitress was on top of things and so were the rest of the staff. Everyone was smiling and friendly. I remember when my boyfriend left to use the restroom and the waiter took his napkin and folded it. Quite impressed.
5	If I could give it 10 stars I would.  It was my 4th time dining at GR Steak and I've NEVER been more impressed with all aspects of the experience.  There isn't a damn thing on the menu that doesn't live up to expectations.  Period.  There is nothing in Vegas that compares.  Best place in the entire city.
5	This was food porn. It started immediately with cocktails through the main meal. We skipped desert because the meal was that delicious. Our serving team of Charles and Alexis were exceptional -- very knowledgeable and gave us excellent recommendations. We went in expecting to order the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu, but didn't. And let me tell you I am very happy we didn't. Pork belly appetizer was the BEST piece of pork I ever ate and the kobe rib cap the BEST piece of beef ever. Hands down, the best dining experience ever from ambiance to food to presentation to staff. Don't miss this!!Oh and awesome music!
5	This was my second time at the restaurant and I was not disappointed. This place is amazing, the whole experience was great.My boyfriend and I initially had reservation for 730, but my he was doing well In a poker tournament so we knew we were going to bit late. We called they and told the hostess about our situation, and she immediately told us that is was fine and pushed back our reservation, and wished him good luck in the tournament.When we arrived at the restaurant we were warmly greeted and taken to our table.Our waiter was amazing! Super friendly. I ordered a Caesar salad, and the braised beef short ribs, and my bf ordered the bone in rib eye with a side of the fingerling potatoes, a glass of Merlot and the sticky toffee pudding.A few minutes after ordering our waiter came back to our table to because he though he forgot to take my drink order, but I told him that I just didn't like to drink alcohol and that I was fine with just water. My dish was so good, best short ribs I have ever so much flavour and incredibly tender had and the salad was also delicious. I also had a taste of he fingerling potatoes which were also delicious.The only thing that I didn't care for was the sticky toffee pudding, but to be fair, I didn't order it and I don't care for bread pudding to begin with. However it came with an AMAZING brown butter ice cream, when I told our waiter how delicious it was he offered to bring me some extra(which he did not charge us for). Before he brought us the bill he asked is if we had a total reward card, we did but we had forgotten it in our room, he said there was nothing he could do about the point, bit that he could give us the discount. The bill came up to a little over $140. Which was well worth it. I will defiantly have to come back on my next trip to Vegas.Just a heads up the side dishes are enormous one order is more then enough for 2.
5	We went to this place a couple years ago. It is the BEST meal we have ever had.The service was unbelievable. They really took the time and effort to take it to the next level. When my gf asked where the restroom was they stopped what they were doing and took the time to walk her there instead of just pointing her in the direction.Also they had a wheel of steak they brought out to show and describe to you the different cuts of meat. It was very informative and made deciding much easier.I had the kobe beef filet steak and it was melt in your mouth delicious. They also had a wide range of selection for drinks including Innis & Gunn on draught which was great. Lastly our dessert we had the chocolate peanut butter bar which was amazing. My gf had a cake dessert with smore ice cream on top. The ice cream tasted just like a campfire smore and was so good.This is an expensive restaurant but they back it up with their food and service. It is worth it for a splurge on a trip.
3	My wife and I went here for our ten year anniversary. our reservation was for April 23 2014 at 6:00pm. Not a real busy time. We where extremely excited to go here and had made the reservation in advance. We enjoy watching Hells Kitchen, Kitchen Nightmares, and The F-Word and have seen that chef Ramsey seemd to have high food standards. After eating there we realized that it wasn't what we thought it will be. The Music was extremely loud. It was so loud that my wife and I couldn't have a conversation. We sat there not being able to talk to talk to each other. I couldn't even hear the waiter. That wouldn't matter much becuase he didn't seem to want to pay much attention to us any way. The buser paid more attention to us and made sure that our drinks where filled. I wish he would have be our server instead. My wife ordered spear ribs. They tasted decent but mainly fat and bone. Not worth the price. I was trying to decide between the Beef Wellington and the bone in Rib Eye. I choose the Rib Eye. It was not a good choice. It lacked seasoning and was over cooked. The bone in rib eye is my favorite cut of meat and I have had it other places. It wasn't nearly as good as I have had in the past. The one highlight from our visit was the bread plate it was amazing. But the bread shouldn't out shine the meal in my opinion. I don't normally like to write bad reviews, but this time I thought I should.
3	First I need to say that I'm obsessed with everything Gordon Ramsay and was so excited we were able to get reservations for our anniversary trip here.  Unfortunately it didn't live up to expectations.  I had the infamous beef Wellington, which I've never had before.  The pastry was soggy underneath the meat, and the meat was so flavorless.  The boyfriend had the rib cap, which was to DIE for!  If given the opportunity to go back, this would be my number 1 choice.  We ordered the bone marrow along with truffle mac n cheese.  Bone marrow tasted like raw beef fat and has a very unpleasant array of green herbs placed on top (pestoish).  The Mac n cheese was really just ok.As for dessert, we had the sticky toffee pudding.  OMG!!!  Best thing hands down.  I would go back just for that dessert alone.  If you love carmel tasting sweet cake, go for it!
5	2nd visit here last night - nothing but praise for the great restaurant.  Not the place to go if you are trying to save some money but fun for a splurge night out. The wait staff and hostesses give impeccable service. I was particularly impressed with mohamabu (sp?). He kept this pancetta bread loving girl well stocked all night and seemed to actually really enjoy and take pride in his work.  Food was amazing - perfectly cooked steak, delicious truffle fingerling potatoes, and finished off with the most ridiculously melty rich yummy sticky toffee pudding.  The music was also great!
5	Awesome experience!  Although the restaurant is in the casino area, you feel like you're in a completely different environment once you enter the restaurant.  You walk through a short tunnel to enter, and there is a piece of lighted artwork in the center of the cieling.  The beef wellington was tender and delicious, and the beef sliders were so juicy and flavorful!!  I also enjoyed their platter of various breads and salted butter.  The service was great too!
5	I was in town this week so I had to come back here and see if it was as great as I remembered and it totally was. I had the spring tasting menu which consisted of  scotch egg for amuse bouche,  beet salad, scallop risotto, beef Wellington and sticky toffee pudding for dessert.  I can't even find words for how fantastic everything was! I don't even like beets and I ate every bite of that salad! As you eat the risotto you hear Ramsey's voice screaming how a risotto should be cooked and his chefs definitely listened because it was perfect.  The Wellington is always great and I have figured out how to cut it so I get meat and pastry in each bite. And of course that dessert is the best dessert EVER!  If you could only afford one thing here get that, it is so amazing.  Also received bread to start and it took every ounce of control not to eat all 6 pieces. Service was so good. I wish I could remember their names because they know how to treat a person.  Only downside was at my Wellington course a couple was seated next to me and the woman had enough perfume on to choke a horse. I don't understand these women  that bathe in perfume but especially when you are going to dinner and part of the experience is the smell of the food not your bug spray perfume!!
5	Go here and at least order the Sticky Toffee Pudding dessert!!I ate here back in October with my cousins and boyfriend and it was an experience we'll never forget! First off, our server Adrian was THE BEST! He made our dining experience memorable with his fast and personable service. He offered to take our picture when our food came, he cracked jokes with us and he came back at the end of the night to tell us we were his favorite table. As for the food: I had the bone in Rib-eye which was one of the best steaks I've ever had! My cousin had the rib cap which was superb! The chicken and the porkchop were also delicious, as were our sides of haricot vert, asparagus and potatoes. We were all pleased and stuffed. And then the dessert came. STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING. OH MY GOODNESS. It was just pure amazement. I took a piece of the warm cake, added a spoonful of the ice cream (shaped like a stick of butter!) and as soon as I tasted this concoction, the clouds parted and the heavens opened up to a joyful choir. It was pure bliss that I didn't want to end. It's one of those foods that reflexively make you eyes close and your lips hum out "Mmmm". I cannot wait to go back to Vegas just for this dessert! My mouth is literally watering just thinking of it.
4	Arrived just before closing without a reservation. Party of 5 of us sat in the bar & ordered dinner. Music is loud in the bar. I'm not sure if it's the same in the dining area. Everything was great. Highly recommend. Of course a reservation with a table in dining room probably would have been a 5 star. I recommend ordering any of the steaks. The side of mac & cheese was awesome too!
3	I was not all that impressed. Downstairs is an interesting modern restaurant. We sat upstairs which felt like an old conference room.  They are very pretentious with their oh-so-special gordon ramsay affiliation: "this is the hand motion chef ramsay makes when cooking blah blah. This is the drink menu on chef ramsay's ipad."The food was fine, but nothing great. That was the consensus for all in our 6 person party. The service was surprisingly bad. We went on the late side, so they weren't especially busy, but everything took a really long time, even simple things like getting the check or more bread. I would definitely choose Delmonico or Craft Steak over going here again.
4	It is worth going for the food.  Service was just so so; our server seemed confused when we asked questions about the food.  The water server was much more pleasant and happy than our table server.  I did not understand the ambiance of the place:  elegant food, modern decor, but the music was nonsensical noise; way too loud and I don't even know what kind of music it was.  Just didn't make sense to me at all.  I was served a glass of wine from a bad bottle and feel the server should have known it, or the bartender, as it was a Pinot Grigio and the color was orange!  My chair was also broken and it is a good thing I noticed it BEFORE I sat on it.  Other than that, it was great fun to eat and experience Chef Ramsay's food, finally!!!!  My husband had the steak, and it was cooked correctly, but the flavor was just average.  It needed a little pizzazz. Though, the lobster mac and cheese is unlike anything you've had before.  Just super creamy and cheesey!   I had the fish and chips, and it was delicious - the batter was very light and crispy.  The wine selection is limited, but you should find what you like on it.  The appetizer shrimp cocktail is amazing and fun to look at!  I've seen the steak presentation at other restaurants, so I knew what to expect, but I don't think our server was particularly helpful in that area......he seemed too distracted and rushed.  It is worth a try for a special occasion and if you have some cash to spend.
2	The ONLY thing good about this place is the hot waitresses/hostesses in sexy outfits. That gets 8 stars. The steak is good. But so what? Any dope can buy good quality meat, toss it on the grill and add some butter. Hell, I can get the same quality at home. I only came here because a client wanted to buy me dinner here. The design of this place is pretty awful. Very cheap quality finishes all around. Ikea quality. This is not what you expect from a place charging $60+ for a steak. The bathroom looks like a basic Home Depot job. Cheap chairs. Cheap carpet. Stupid neon "sculpture" on ceiling. The place plays very loud music, probably to get people to eat fast, and move along for next ass to fill a seat. You can tell that Gordon Ramsay is a cheap and stingy twat by the quality of this place. Taking advantage of the poor rubes who come here for a "fine dining" experience.
2	This was a quintessential Vegas experience, and I don't mean that in a good way. Unfortunately Gordon Ramsey isn't living up to all the hype surrounding his shows. My husband and I had Kobe beef slider appetizer, the ribeye with fingerling potatoes and the beef Wellington with a Sierra Nevada and a glass of wine to wash it all down. I think the best thing I had all night was the wine and the sliders. They added mustard seed to the buns for an interesting, intense flavor and the meat was juicy. The wine was $28 for the glass so I'm happy I liked it. The ribeye was just okay. Not what u would expect from a Michelin star restaurant. It was cooked to specification but not incredibly flavorful. In fact my husband had to ask for a side if salt and pepper in order to finish it. Not impressed for more than $50. My beef Wellington was also cooked to specification and flavorless. I needed a side of Dijon mustard to get it down. It was okay, but again, nothing memorable. For the price we paid I felt like I was in my own personal nightmare (no pun intended). The fingerling potato side was nice but certainly not worth the $12 price tag. All in all it was a typical Vegas experience. A lot of glam and glitz followed by an empty wallet and buyers remorse. The sooner I forget this experience the better.
5	Got the tasting menu and it was amazing. Everything from the warm delicious bread to the sticky toffy pudding was amazing. Hostesses and servers were on point all night rounding out this fantastic dining experience. While everything  on the menu was great the beef Wellington stood out as being some of the most tender and flavorful steak I have ever eaten.
5	WOW, WHAT A MEAL THIS WAS!My friend and I came here with high expectations after reading the many yelp reviews and salivating at all the pictures of the food online. We made a reservation for 8:30 and only had to wait 5 minutes before we were promptly seated. Our server quickly introduced himself and the menu. Before we knew it, we came face-to-face with the  mesmerizing steak cart. As good as all the cuts of meat looked on the cart, my friend and I came here for one thing only: THE BEEF WELLINGTON!I ordered the single serving beef wellington and Mac & Cheese while my buddy ordered the single serving beef wellington and Chorizo stuffed Maine Lobster in brandied lobster cream sauce. Expect 45 minutes for them to make your beef wellington, as it must be cooked perfectly. While we waited, there was so much in the restaurant to look at. The wine bar, the cute hostesses, the gordon ramsay object in the ceiling and the kitchen. The whole presentation of the restaurant was just very welcoming and fancy hipster looking. Service was very good too, I feel unfortunate for the yelp-ers who complained about lack of service.grading of our food:Maine Lobster in cream sauce: A. Friend said it was good, but it wasn't anything you can't find in your local high end steakhouse. Mac & Cheese: B-. The texture and sauce of the dish was dry and didn't quite tantalize my palate. Beef Wellington: A+. Gordon Ramsay, you got me! Flake was crusty, the beef was cooked perfectly and easy to cut. I loved the mash glaze and vegetables it accompanied with. By the time we finished half of the beef wellington, we were so full already.the bread: A+. I forget the names of these free bread plates they gave out, but they were phenomenal. I am pretty sure my friend and I went through 3 plates.By the time we finished our meal and paid our $180 bill, we were absolutely full. We struggled to walk out of Le Paris, onto the Las Vegas Blvd. My friend and I (both athletes) had to sit down on a bench for a few minutes to rest from that absolute beast of a meal. That's how good GR STEAk IS!My only quirk with GR Steak? This is a high end establishment, as least the prices certainly show...where are the white table cloths that usually accompany high end steakhouses?
5	I had extremely high expectations for the food.  I went with the Hell's Kitchen with no reservations and they sat me quickly which was great.  I ordered the pre fixe and wine paring.  I can honestly can say the food was absolutely fantastic and I couldn't have been more pleased with the Jessica the sommelier who was knowledgeable (as you would expect) but also had a great personality and smile.   Donnie who was my waiter orchestrated a wonderful experience and timed the food perfectly for me.  thanks Donnie..
5	I have avoided writing this review for some time because I'm worried it won't be good enough, perfect enough to explain just how good this restaurant is. I have to say up front that I an an unapologetic whore for Gordon Ramsay- I'm one of those people you will overhear at a cocktail party saying "Oh no the BRITISH kitchen nightmares is so much better...", I make all my friends watch The F Word on youtube, and probably have some weird form of Stockholm Syndrome for him. It's a lot of pressure to live up to- but now it's time to face my demon. This restaurant blew me away. BLOWN. I have been to super fancy expensive restaurants and I have been to high priced steak houses, but this is the first time at a steakhouse where they actually carried over all the snooty elements of fine dining and executed it perfectly with the steak theme. It's even inside the Paris- the most unjustifiable snooty casino on the strip!The restaurant itself is pretty cool inside- from the decor to the place-mats to the knives and forks- everything about it is sleek, fancy, and solid. This isn't an exaggeration, I actually considered purchasing the leather place mats they serve everything on (and it turns out they do in fact sell them). It's a little bit louder than you would expect at a rest of the world fine dining restaurant but actually quieter than the average Vegas restaurant full of wooo girls so try and control yourself while eating. The Staff- so fancy. I was dressed nice but the waiter outfits actually made me feel like a bit of a slob. The staff is great- I am a bit of a stickler on drink refills and I don't think my water glass ever got more than 2 sips down before someone swooped in to refill it- that's quality service. The waiter was very knowledgeable about the different kinds of meat, what ingredients were in the side dishes, and didn't even get visibly annoyed at the barrage of questions he was faced with. Ok onto the food. First of all- the bread is legit. They have a bacon/fig brioche that is preposterously good- make sure you order lots of extra as they may try and trick you by only bringing one for the table- everyone will want their own. The cocktails- I have had a few... That may or may not have influenced my positive review (trixy hobits). My favorites are the Side Car and the Drifter (they change this sometimes but all the bourbon drinks have been good- and helloooooo giant ice ball I can swish around in my glass for an air of faux sophisticationAs per steak list guidelines I always get bone in ribeye, potato side, mac and cheese- but there is a sub rule to this that many people don't know about and that is " if there is a pork belly appetizer- order it". Pork belly- hot damn this was good. It comes with cheesy grits and a tomato jam which sounds like waffle house (covered with ketchup) but I apologized in my head for that comparison the second I tasted it- its good. Ribeye- this was fantastic. It had an almost rock hard crust on the outside that was nice and salty. Despite this torched exterior the inside was a very dark pink/almost red color after being ordered medium rare. Even the outer edges /fat of the steak had been seared deliciously. It was incredible. And also it was served very hot, which is my preference. Mac and Cheese- nailed it. A lot of truffle mac and cheeses are basically garbage- its some fancy cheese that doesn't melt well with random bread on top and then doused in truffle oil. Not so here- all the flavors went together perfectly, and the mac had clearly spent actual time in an oven as not only was the top crust crispy but many of the noodles on top were also crunchy- something I like. Puree- yes this has CRAAAAIM FRAIIIIIICHE in it- and it is amazing. It is so smooth it almost boggles the mind. It is almost like a sauce- and yes you can dip your steak in it and it's incredible. DessertThe first time I got a cheese cake and it was probably the best dessert I have ever had. Many cheese cakes come with a strawberry sauce on top of them- pretty standard. This one came with a strawberry sorbet on top - and the temperature and texture of that sorbet took cheese cake to a whole different level. The coffee- ORDER IT. It comes with 3 spoons that are a combination of chocolate and liquor for you to mix in. In closing, haters gonna hate- if you really didn't enjoy this restaurant I assume you are some sort of comedic foil who exists just to troll the rest of tasteful humanity.
5	perfection
2	Just had my birthday dinner here and I have to say that I wasn't too impressed. My boyfriend and I arrived to the restaurant about thirty minutes early. The hostess' outside the restaurant were very friendly and escorted us into the restaurant. As we were seated, our waiter arrived and gave us an iPad. When I made a reservation at the restaurant, I let them know that it was for a birthday dinner. The waiter just asked who's birthday is it? And I said mine. He just looked at me and said oh happy birthday with no enthusiasm and stated that there were over 40 selections of beers to choose from and cocktails, and just left. After waiting over 15 minutes, our waiter comes by and takes our drink orders. We finally ordered our entrees and our waiter continued to have almost like a cocky attitude. Never smiled. Never said thank you. Never even asked if we had any questions about the menu. He just said are you ready? I ordered our appetizer and my entree and our waiter looked at my boyfriend and said 'and u, what are you ordering?' It almost felt as if he was talking down on him. We ordered the shrimp cocktail $19. Three jumbo shrimp in a refreshing sauce. The watermelon cubes complemented the dish well! I loved the little salt on the watermelon also. The salt enhances the watermelon flavor in a unique way. I ordered the braised short ribs $40. The meat was a little fatty, but flavor wise it was good. It could have a little more salt. The spinach that came with the dish was very salty though. My boyfriend got the filet $54. The filet was good, but we had better tasting filets. The meat was not as tender as we wished. Our sides we ordered were Mac n cheese $13 and brussel sprouts $12. Both the sides were delicious. The Mac n cheese has to be the winner tho! Flying from Hawaii to celebrate my 25th birthday here I was expecting a better experience. At the end of our meal, our waiter just dropped off the dessert menu and said our toffee cake is the best and rushed off. We ended up not getting dessert. No complementary dessert was even offered. I expected a place like this would offer something small for a birthday or anniversary celebration, but I guess not. The saying "Don't expect anything because you'll only be disappointed" was how I felt about this whole experience. Would not recommend this place. Food is good, but there are plenty of delicious places on the strip. Not a very romantic setting. Loud. Did not feel special. Waiter sucked.
4	Taste: 4Creativity/Authenticity: 3Atmosphere: 3Service: 5Bang for your buck: 3I literally ate steak back to back to try and find the best steak house in Vegas and well I think i may have found it. Now i'm writing this review after eating at the old home stead steak house at caesars palace; there are many factors and variables that both restaurants lack but i will go through each one and determine which is best. First SERVICE, GR is flawless, you take a sip of your water its refilled, you need a spoon its brought out to you at lightning speed. The waiters are on point, they know the menu inside and out, they know their steaks and explain it well to anyone who knows or doesn't know about meat. Now to the good part FOOD! to start I got the Demi Roasted Bone Marrow and Caesar Salad, the bone marrow yet very delicious; I would do without the mint sauce and stick with a more traditional bone marrow and cracker but still good. Next the caesar salad ehh nothing fancy 3 romain leaves with a GR version of caesar dressing with a battered fried quail egg; the sauce very rich and overpowering but i think the fried egg made the dish. Now to the main course got the American Rib Cap and the American filet with a side of Haricot Vert and Potato Puree. The meat is un describable you have to taste it yourself, all i can say it was some of the best meat i have ever eaten; perfectly cooked flavored to perfection tender and soft like butter! All the sides complimented the dish the haricot vert were fresh and crispy and the potato puree OMG i'm getting hungry writing this review. The atmosphere of this place is nice, dark and ominous but the thing that i didn't like about it is i had made reservations for me and my gf and when we were seated it was in a corner near the kitchen entrance not a very romantic location especially if your gonna make a reservations and spend top dollar for a romantic dinner so minus points. Now down to price i was expecting to spend for 2 especially when i ate at old homestead the night before for 1 but i was shocked and surprised that for what we got and the service i was pleased to say that if you want to take your wife girl friend out for a nice dinner this is the place!! I will be back
2	Everything was good here apart from the steak. Let me start off by saying that I loved the decor and the ambiance of this place.. The music was very hip and the "channel tunnel" look was a nice touch however I was not sure about the serving station which was sandwiched in amongst the rows of tables. I do not come to a restaurant so see my server cleaning plates and assembling knives. Anyway I had the onion soup as an appetizer. It was excellent however he bread was served by someone who could barely speak English. I am certainly not a xenophobe however there were some almost dangerous consequences as I did not understand the explanation that there was mushroom in the bread (which would have caused some serious health issues had I not caught it). Furthermore its just frustrating not being able to understand what has been presented in front of you.Anyway my biggest issue tonight was the steak. I ordered a ribeye. This is a fatty steak. I know this, however almost half my steak was gristle. It was a joke. What was worse I showed my server the plate half full of fat and he argued with me and basically told me I should have ordered another steak. I did not pay $300 on a meal for two for some snooty waiter to lecture me on the finer points of a cow. I got a bad cut of meat and rather than apologize the waiter turned it around and made it my problem.We ordered sticky toffee pudding and it was excellent. A must if you go to this place.Overall this place was ok but at $300 on a meal for two I expect it to perfect which it was not.
5	One of the best meals I have ever had in my life. Our dinner started off with a bread platter that had a variety of sweet, buttery, flaky, crunchy goodness. As an appetizer I ordered the British Chowder. It was just wonderful. The scallop and creamy broth were the highlight of that dish to me. Very balanced of salty and savory flavors. I followed with Gordon Ramsey's signature beef Wellington as my entree for the night. I can say that it tastes just as good as it looks on television. So juicy and tender that it felt like the meat melted in my mouth. We ended the night with the sticky toffee pudding with a decaf French press. So happy our waiters suggested the pairing, it was delicious and sweet without being heavy. The food is delicious and the service is AMAZING at this restaurant. If you're looking to treat yourself to a wonderful meal and an extraordinary experience I would highly recommend trying Steak and Paris Las Vegas. It will not disappoint!!!
5	Being huge Gordon Ramsey fans, my husband and I knew we had to go to one of the many restaurants he owns in Vegas. After viewing the menu, this was our choice. We were not disappointed. It was fate that the night we went, it was Hells Kitchen night, which featured a special menu and an autograph from Ramsey himself. It was a no-brainer, we went with the HK option. I'm a gin drinker and couldn't believe the assortment of gin cocktails they have. I opted for the English Garden and was beyond impressed-- so refreshing!  They also have an impressive craft beer selection which made my husband happy. The wine list was a mile long and also impressive. The meal was lovely. The main dish was Beef Wellington-- the best I ever had. The risotto and scallops were perfect. The award winning toffee pudding knocked my boots off-- OMG... Pure heaven. The waitstaff was attentive and friendly.  The decor and ambiance was fantastic. Even the music they played was good-- Led Zeppelin and The Rolling Stones, etc. What an all around, cool place. Great experience.
3	1st impression, very good bar service, good vibe.  Once seated all down hill. Our server was a putz, food was good but expected better. Mon ami Gabe is much better save your $.
5	I've been to GR restaurants in US & UK and there's a reason he's one of the best and produces that way. The menu is awesome. I finally got the beef Wellington and it was divine. The sticky toffee pudding - one of the best desserts in your life. There's a reason its award winning. The service was fantastic. Also had the bone marrow and we asked for bread and it came with real English muffins that were very rich but yummy. The lobster tail was ok. Definitely a fantastic meal. Just don't gamble in that casino. Deals are beyond rude.
5	The wife and I went to this restaurant and absolutely loved it.  The food was phenomenal and very satisfying.  I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone and we are definitely going back as soon as we get back to Vegas.
5	Gordon Ramsey is a MUST on places to find when you come to Vegas.  Had the the  American Kobe Beef Filet, Alaskan King Crab legs and a bottle of Shiraz. This is our second time here and this place is PHENOMENAL!! The staff is very friendly and attentive. It's a must to splurge once in a while. Gordon Ramsey I want to have your love child!!
5	May be one of our best restaurant experiences ever.  Everything about it was 5 stars.  Let's start with the service... impeccable, attentive, friendly, polite.  At one point I asked for the restroom, and our server had his assistant escort me there.  The serving assistant would wipe, sweep, or clean any loose drop, bread crumb, or piece of food that happened to fall of my plate.  Really great service.  Even as we left, the hostess smiled and told me happy birthday again.  We've been in a lot of formal restaurants, but there was something about the service and the friendliness that made this a better experience.The food... starting with our appetizers.  The oysters and kind crab legs were fresh and presented in such as clean manner.  Legs were more or less de-shelled and sliced and then placed back on a half shell for presentation purposes.  Even the little cartilege spine you find down the middle sometimes was removed.  Oysters cleaned and shucked perfectly.  Both came with a variety of sauces and tobasco to your liking.  I'm not a fan of large oysters, but the smaller ones were sweet, juicy, and with a little taste of ocean in each bite.  Excellent, rich seafood appetizers that won't spoil your appetite.For our main courses, my wife's confit chicken was incredible.  I had a few bites of hers.  The chicken skin was removed and deep friend into a salty potato chip like thing.  Almost like a thin pork rind.  If you are familiar with filipino lechon, the skin was like a thin chicharon.  I could eat these all day until I had a heart attack.  The chicken itself was juicy and tender.  My wife said that it was probably the best chicken dish she has ever had.  I, of course, got the famous Beef Wellington.  It was kind of a must try.  The first few bites were pretty amazing, but I have to admit that I kind of wanted just a pure, unadulterated steak at the end.  The beef was so soft and delicious, I started to feel like the liver and puff pastry were getting in the way.  It is still a must have, but next time I may try a wagyu ribeye or filet just to get the pure richness of a quality steak.Dessert was another must have.  The sticky toffee pudding is just excellent,  I've only had it once before when I was in London, and I remembered liking it back then too.  It is a rich, decadent dessert.  Like eating honey that was somehow made into a slice of cake.  I'm usually a chocolate fan, but this was really good and unusual to find in american restaurants.All together, my wife and I really enjoyed Steak.  Everything about it... the food, the service, the atmosphere were top notch.  It was pricey, but we both felt like it was money well spent.
5	Some of the best food I've ever eaten in my life. Make sure you make reservations or prepare wait for a seat in the bar area.
5	Gordon Ramsay may be hyped up on tv but his restaurant definitely lives up to it. The restaurant is location in the Paris Hotel right through the casino to the left. There's a huge pillar with his name on it and a cool lighted decorative awning at the entrance. The entire restaurant is beautiful full of simple colors, modern industrial feel and contemporary art. The hostess that lead us to our seat gave a brief introduction to the hotel and pointed out a big lighted red centerpiece of the restaurant that represented the motions Gordon makes while making his famous beef Wellington. The restaurant offers a cool set "Hell's Kitchen" 5-course menu for $145 that includes his famous beef Wellington, sticky toffee pudding and risotto (which is only available on this set meal). Unfortunately, the whole table has to do the HK menu for timing and not everyone was as hungry as me!The bread plate that came out was amazing with specialty breads such as lemon, cheese, truffle, bacon. Each had an amazing texture and I couldn't stop eating them! I ended up getting a beef Wellington with Brussel sprouts and truffle Mac n cheese as sides. Every item was done deliciously. The beef was incredibly tender and juicy. It was full of flavor and a quality meat. The portion size was healthy and I couldn't even finish all the delicious steak. All of the sides were also delicious. I don't even like Brussel sprouts and I couldn't get enough of them. The truffle flavor was strong in the Mac n cheese unlike some others I've tried and it was the perfect cheesiness. The sticky toffee pudding was delicious but a bit sweet. I was really more impressed with the brown butter ice cream that came on the side. It's simply not a flavor that I would've chosen off the bat but it went some perfectly with the toffee pudding! I couldn't eat much of this dessert because it was so rich and I was super stuffed already!Must come back and try that risotto!
4	Wife surprised me for my birthday with a trip to Vegas and a birthday dinner at Ramsey's.  We ordered the tasting menu and a rib cap. The quail egg was awesome.  Drinks were perfect.  Scallop risotto was to die for.  Also had the beef Wellington and shared the rib cap.  Both excellent to try but think I will stick with the ribeye.  Best of all was the sticky toffee pudding.  A must order.  Great experience for a long dinner and one time experience.  Made for a great birthday.
5	This was fantastic! By far the best dining experience I have ever had. I went with my parents and girlfriend while staying at Paris. Let me start off by saying our waiter Charles and his assistant John were amazing. Extremely knowledgable and definitely knew what they were talking about. We took Charles' recommendation for a bottle of wine, it was exactly what we wanted, and he described it perfectly! All of they steals we ordered were tender and full of flavor, best steak I have ever had by far (Wagyu Rib Cap). We also got the Long Bone Rib Eye and Wagyu Filet, all of which were amazing with no complaints whatsoever. Finished the night off with the Sticky Toffee Pudding. Let's just say it was a perfect dessert, and was the best I have ever had. Great Job Chef Ramsey! We will be back and will definitely be requesting Charles as a waiter again!
5	Amazing dinner. Escape to Vegas with my men left us wanting hearty man food. Who better than Ramsey to deliver? Get the sides, Mac n cheese, creamed spinach and fingerling potatoes.Steak cuts rib eye and NY strip to die for. Don't be late- they will hold it against u.
2	Wait staff was amazing. We had the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu. Every single thing I put in my mouth was pretty much amazing.  The food and service couldn't have been much better. Atmosphere definitely wasn't what we we're expecting. When you pay over 200 dollars on a meal, you wouldn't think the guy at the table next to you would be still wearing his shorts from the pool. My wife and I were expecting a fancy room for that price. We were way over dressed. Also was really loud. Kinda weird. It's worth a try to have the food. But probably never again.
5	amazing steak. best i've had. service was fantastic as well
2	Looking forward to dining here since it opened.. Very disappointed. Food wasn't bad, not good enough to bring us back. The sticky toffee pudding was the only thing I found unique & delicious. I had the beef Wellington & it was very undercooked.. Mac & cheese & steak my husband ordered was very good! Wait staff seemed too busy to actually pay attention to our table & everything we requested took extra time. Prices were about average for the type of restaurant. It was WAY too noisy to enjoy a meal. My husbands dad was with us & he couldn't hear a word the wait staff,or I, said so we pretty much didn't talk. Really bummed.
5	Simply outstanding.  Best steak I have ever eaten in my life!! Since I am a die hard Gordon Ramsay fan, I had to visit his steak house.  I had read mixed reviews but needed to see for myself.  The restaurant itself is in the Paris hotel, and is pretty chic.  Little things like high quality paper towels in the ladies room with the name of the restaurant imprinted make for a cooler experience.  Our server was EXTREMELY knowledgeable about the menu and gave us a lecture on the menu that was accompanied by a very cool display of meats.  I learned a lot about meats and was able to see the ruby red colors due to the mirrors that showcased that top side of each cut for the whole table to see.  Interactive cocktail menu on the ipad was very cool as well.  The meal began with a nice selection of breads.  The one that stands out is the fig pinwheel...very yummy.  The Caesar salad was accompanied by a scottish egg.  The salad was crisp, the croutons were crunchy (not too crunchy so they cut your mouth), cheese was thinly sliced and the dressing was super fresh. Best Caesar salad ever.  Now, for the star.  The Beef wellington.  How can you not order this if you have seen his show!! It was AMAZING.  Fireworks amazing.  It just melted in my mouth. The temperature was perfect...it was just outrageously, sinfully perfect.  The potatoes and root vegetables on the dish were beautiful and tasty.  We ordered the truffle mac and cheese which was excellent, the asparagus which were pretty standard and the Brussel sprouts which screamed EAT ME! Don't STOP! They were seasoned eloquently and meaty in their texture and consistency.  Just a big fat YUM! Now, on to the most spectacular dessert! Sticky toffee pudding was to die for.  It was sexy on every level: plating, taste and sh-arability. The ice cream looks like a stick of butter and you can cut a piece for each piece of cake you eat.  All around this was a memorable experience in every way, and it helped I was with 5 of my dearest girlfriends and we shared everything (My friend that ordered the rib cap shared a bite and it was fantastic).  Kudos to Gordon for being able to dish out what he dishes out!!
5	If I could give 10 stars, I'd give 20. The dinners of all dinners and certainly number one on my top five dinners of all time.  DECOR: The restaurant has a very modern vibe, with a very comfortable atmosphere.  The London Underground entrance/bar is a very nice touch as well.  Perfect for a romantic dinner or a dinner with friends and family.  My boyfriend and I dined with my parents on our trip out there. EXPERIENCE: Make sure when you're coming here, you are here for the experience of it! That means, don't rush!!! Take your time, especially if you are getting the Beef Wellington, which was superb.  The waitstaff was super attentive and very charming, making jokes with us throughout the night and adding the overall wonderful experience. DRINKS: I had three...count them...three Pimm's Cups which is one of the signature drinks here (a huge drink in England).  They were to die for! I don't drink that often, but these would make me change my mind.  Its delicious, crisp, and super fresh, filled with fresh fruits and garnishes. Really great drink.  My mom got a dirty martini with stuffed olives, which she loves, and said it was really great.FOOD: Finally, the main event. Don't come here and plan to stick to your diet btw, this meal is for you to fully enjoy and savor.  The food right down to the bread they bring you before the meal was UH-MAZING.  I mean, Chef Ramsay gives you a choice of pancetta brioche on the plate.  That's right...BACON BREAD.  And its heavenly as you can imagine.  We got one appetizer: the oysters.  The oysters were perfectly fried and the presentation was fantastic on the half shell.  Next, the entrees....I had the American Filet which is the Kobe style, and it was fork tender and seared perfectly to a medium rare.  The kicker was I added a half pound of Alaskan Snow Crab legs.  Holy Hell.  Talk about to die for.  They were poached in butter and cooked perfectly.  I have had my fair share of snow crab legs, but these were ridiculously good.  My boyfriend had the famous Beef Wellington, and it was worth the wait.  The signature dish Chef Ramsay totes, is succulent and cooked perfectly, and when you get a bite with all of the plate fixings its heavenly.  My mother got a regular filet and it also was fantastic and tender.  My Dad got a ribeye and again, the steak quality is phenomenal.  We also shared a bunch of sides: Mac and cheese, Mushrooms, and Fingerling potatoes.  The mac and cheese (coming from an addict) was good enough for me to fly from the East Coast to Vegas for one serving of it.  Yeah, order it.  The others were great too, nothing too special about the potatoes or mushrooms, but everything had a great taste profile.  Dessert was a whole other animal.  Sticky Toffee pudding with Brown Butter ice cream, the house specialty.  My mother is not a dessert person, but she still raves about this dessert.  The toffee cake is super moist and warm, especially when they pour the vat of toffee sauce over it.  Then you take a bite of the brown butter ice cream and sigh, because you can't even explain how good it is.  My boyfriend and I split this dessert because we had all had a lot of food so far, and he still to this day complains to me that he can't believe he had to share it with me and he wished he'd had his own.  What a baby, lol! But it really was that intoxicating.  Then a lovely surprise...my mother and I ordered coffee and besides your own french press, you get 6 chocolate/alcohol stirring spoons, two of each kind...for free! The selection was milk chocolate filled with Baileys, white chocolate filled with Amaretto, and dark chocolate filled with Chambord.  I thought that was a great touch, because they could have easily charged you good money for it.  All in all, the bill was outrageous, but we expected it and to be honest....it was freaking worth it.  It was the first thing we all raved about to people back home.  We had gone to Alize earlier in the trip and were completely unsatisfied with everything, especially the price.  I have no problem dropping money on a meal as fantastic as this one, believe me, and would happily do it again. How I hope to do it again, lol!So don't let the price keep you away, I promise you will be completely elated with the entire package at Gordon Ramsay's Steak.
5	Amazing. Amazing.  Amazing. Highly recommend it. We had top ranked waiter named Freddie. Manager had that restaurant running at 110%. You can not go wrong here. Food was AMAZING... From wine recommendations, appetizers, mouth watering steaks, to decadent desserts. Unbelievable!!
5	You'd think a place with Chef Gordon Ramsay's name would be overpriced and pretentious.  Well, you got one of them right!  Yeah sure price is high, but in Vegas it's money money money!  I felt perfectly comfortable walking in here and the service was top notch.  My buddy and I sat at the bar and ordered some drinks.  The bartender recommended the American Wagyu Cap Rib.  So we went for it and along with side of sauteed mushrooms and haricot vert.  Needless to say, the sauteed mushrooms was nice and warm to the palate with a slight sweet and garlic taste.  The haricot vert was pretty much tempura style.  The highlight of the night was the wagyu steak...ooo--weee!  The best bite of any steak I've ever taken!  Tender, juicy, and a hint of salt and spice...definitely a recommendation on my end and Bo Bites favorite. - Enjoy!
3	Went here with the hubs for our first anniversary. First of all, let me say that the food was AMAZING. I'd definitely recommend the beef Wellington to everyone! My experience here however was a little disappointing. Here is why:1. The place was soooooo loud!! My voice does not carry well, so it was impossible for my husband and I to carry on a conversation. Not very romantic for an anniversary dinner. =(2. We were seated REALLY close to other couples. I guess try not to go when it is busy, if that is ever possible. It was extremely awkward eating and trying not to listen to the other people talking around you.3. I don't know if anyone else experienced this but, my husband and I were just generally uncomfortable the whole time we were there. This place tries to be too fancy in my opinion. There were like 3 different spoons on the table and I had no idea which one to use for my appetizer. We just wanted to stuff our faces, but we couldn't because the atmosphere felt too stiff.So, overall I would say go for the gimmicky experience and for the awesome food! But if you want a nice romantic dinner with your love then find a less crowded restaurant.
3	My husband and I were hoping for an amazing dining experience our last night in Vegas. Unfortunately Gordon Ramsay's Steakhouse missed the mark. Our waiter disappeared shortly after our cocktails were delivered (we did not see him again until our meal was over which was about an hour and 15 minutes later). We ordered the Welington, Boned in Ribeye, cream spinach and fingerling potatoes. The sides out shined our entrees. My husband favored the spinach and I the potatoes. For a 175 dollar meal + tips, 3 stars is being generous.
5	Ask for Will or Matthew... but all the staff here is awesome!! Really Good food but a bit on the pricey side. Ask for food recommendations from these two fine gentlemen if you're not sure about what to order. Beef Wellington was cooked to perfection. Especially loved the sticky toffee pudding at the end of the five course meal. We even got to meet head chef Christina from Hells Kitchen!!
4	We are huge GR fans and we were really excited to try this place, felt the girls at the front were snobby and cheap looking but I suppose they go with the vegas scene, the restaurant is beautiful and we had a great booth table which was a bit too big for us but comfy. The breads were amazing we asked for seconds! Our runner was so wonderful we wanted to tip him separately at the end but we couldn't find him, his name was Johnny and he was so friendly and answered all our obsessed fan questions about Gordon, we loved that guy! Our waiter Sean was also great, very professional, friendly and funny, service was tip notch. The food was also really good especially the creamed spinach side! It wasn't the best meal of my life and considering the price ($61 per main) I had to mark it a star down for that, my meat wasn't super tender and needed some knife work and considering the rip cap should be one of the best cuts, it didn't impress me. My husband's New York strip was actually better and more tender. Sticky toffee pudding was delicious as we expected so that is def recommended. Overall it was a great but expensive dining experience.
5	Gordan Ramsey Steak is a sexy, trendy dinning destination.  The music is loud, the hemlines are short, and the food is fantastic.The cocktail menu is full of hand-crafted libations.  Both the South Side and English Garden were fresh, well balanced and delicious.For appetizers, the Fried Blue Point Oysters had a light tempura batter and came with sea asparagus and creme fresh tartar sauce.The seared Foie Gras was perfection with hazel nuts, gooseberry reduction and goat cheese popovers.  If you like foie gras, this is a must order.For entrees, the Beef Wellington's 28-day dry aged fillet mignon was so tender and lovingly wrapped in layers of flavor. The bone-in dry aged Ribeye was again very tender, had a deep beefy flavor, and a charred crust from the intense searing.For sides, the Brussels Sprouts were charred and had the perfect acidic tang, and the Bone Marrow was silky and had rich flavor especially at the charred ends of the bone.And save room for coffee and dessert!  The Cappuccino is delicious and comes with 3 cordial spoons (Amaretto, Baileys, and Chambord) and the sweet Sticky Toffee Pudding with Browned Butter Ice Cream is worth over stuffing yourself for!Gordon Ramsey Steak is a great place to celebrate with friends when you're partying in style.  Thank you to our server Anthony and runner Alexis for an epic meal!
3	I was so looking forward to eating here. Let me first say, the food is AMAZING!!! Our service on the other hand wasn't.  It was our wedding anniversary. We weren't asked by the hostess if we were celebrating anything but we heard her ask the three she sat around us.  We ordered drinks from the bar but weren't offered the iPad drink menu like the other people around us. We weren't offered the Hells Kitchen Menu Tasting they were doing but the other people around us were. It was quite disheartening! The food and atmosphere was really nice.
5	I've been to plenty Michelin-starred restaurants that, while good, haven't been very memorable. However, the rib cap I had at Gordon Ramsay Steak is hands down the best steak I've ever had. It was buttery, flavorful and perfectly cooked.I also shared the Beef Wellington, as it's a Ramsay specialty. It didn't disappoint, but I'd rather have had the entire rib cap to myself.Everything else was great as well, but I have to mention once more how wonderful the rib cap was.
5	Awesome awesome food. The wines are pretty insane. I left wanting to come back again.
5	Best Restaurant in Vegas.... Maybe the whole world actually! (Bold statement but I feel it's warranted!)We arrived around 8:20pm and there wasn't a table available for over an hour. As it was just the two of us, we decided to sit by the bar which is full service with no wait time. I would like to add that we tried to book a table earlier in the day but after being given the number to the casino, then the hotel, we gave up and decided to head on over once we were hungry. Anyway suffice to say if you would prefer a table I would definitely recommend booking, it was jam packed all night. (No wonder!!)So to start.... The bar tender Oscar is bloody brilliant!!! Friendly, professional and very knowledgable. My husband had a beer and I got a custom made strawberry daiquiri with 1/3 alcohol because I really am a lightweight. This was hands down the most delicious, we'll made, perfectly balanced cocktail I have ever had in my life. I'm only 32 years old but my gosh, I have been waiting for a drink to love my whole life and now I have found it! The strawberry and lemon mixed beautifully with the gin and then the hint of basil brings it all together!! Seriously. Worth every penny and I kinda wish we could have an oscar clone in our house to teach us how to make perfect drinks!As we are perusing the menu some delightful breads came out... Still warm.. With a lovely butter. I'm British and my husband is American and our taste buds often differ but we were both delighted! The breads were absolutely divine and a lovely selection. We shared the pork belly to start - 10/10! I can really appreciate a well cooked pork belly and this was melt in the mouth delicious!  The onion and jam that was served with the pork was perfect. If you had seen us you would have seen the pure joy with every bite. This sounds like an exaggeration doesn't it? It's not. If anything there aren't the words to describe how wonderful it was! For the main meal I had the lamb duet and my husband had the beef Wellington, guess how they tasted? That's right yelp land. Bloody perfect! America doesn't offer enough lamb dishes if you ask me... Delighted to see that Gordon is offering a traditional British dish (shepherds pie & lamb chops) and taken them to the next level! I'm confident the beef Wellington  was a delicious as my husband reports -- although my lamb was so good I didn't take a bite of his at all!  We ended out perfect meal with a cheese plate and a delightful sticky toffee pudding. Good on Gordon for adding such a staple British pudding to his menu and elevating it to such a high standard! We were audibly satisfied after the first bite - the ooh and ahh that we made during our meals showed the staff how amazed we were. My husband rounded off the meal with  johnnie walker blue label neat - and it was the perfect end to the perfect meal. What else? We have covered the food (to clarify: amazing, 10/10, delicious, perfectly cooked and seasoned and presented) .... Let's go with the extras. Ambience: yes. It's dark and it's loud. Noticed that some other yelpers moaned about the music being too loud.... It is loud but I much prefer hearing some inoffensive music to the sound of other diners chatting! Staff: I would totally recommend sitting at the bar. I already mentioned how lovely and awesome Oscar is. There was also Tracy and Paul. Both as magnificent and polite and professional. What a quality team! They look clean and tidy and we'll presented (off topic but.... Tracy is beautiful with some wonderful eyebrows!!) they were attentive and not overbearing which is a very fine line being at the bar. I appreciated that they kept our water topped up. Restrooms: so clean and tidy. I also liked that I was shown to them when asked, rather than being pointed through the crowds. merchandise: there is a selection of items for sale, displayed very well in the wine rack. I have NEVER in my life bought a tshirt from a restaurant but I will be gladly adorning my Gordon tee, and if they had the red one in men's sizes, my husband would have too. Overall: I am pretty picky. I am hard to please. I turned to my husband half way through the meal and said - when have I ever loved every single thing about a meal? His reply? Never in your life. THATS right! never before have I been so impressed with a restaurant. We spent $350 and I would happily spend it again tomorrow if we weren't leaving! My husband is going to be away for a year and leaves at the beginning of June. This is our goodbye date in vegas and and this night absolutely made the trip. I am coming back to vegas in  a few weeks to meet with family from the UK and if they don't want to come, I will happily dine at the bar alone. It's that good! Excellent serviceExcellent foodValue for moneyAmazing amazing amazing! My husband and I are pretty big Gordon fans given that he is bloody brilliant! but now? He's pretty much our favorite ever!
3	I come to Las Vegas once a year for work.I dined at this joint last year three times in a row and was mesmerized by it.I went bck two nights ago and was very disappointed. The food had turned from amazing to average . The service is always impeccable and the manager was very nice to swap our order, but even the second choice it was still avarage.I order steak tartare everywhere and nobody in Europe would ever ever serve ot with chips instead of toasted bread.I think Gordon needs to come back soon!!!!!!
3	The wait staff were phenomenal. The food was ok. The Wellington (actually, the filet) was delicious. Melts in your mouth. The sticky pudding cake - in a word - YUM! (Very, very sweet though.). It was ok but I don't think it was worth the $400+ we paid for two. And, we left hungry. Not cool at all. It is unlikely I'd ever do a tasting menu again.
5	Very good surprise at this restaurant, came in to the restaurant on Saturday at 7pm and got a table right away, the staff was very nice and was right on with their recommendations. I got the American Kobe filet medium rare and my daughter got the  American Kobe rib cap well done and both done for perfection! Thx Jessica my daughter turn to me after the meal and said to me thank you that was the best steak ever!!! I agree!
4	Okay, this is the most honest review  you will read.  My husband and I walked in off the street, no reservations. We were seated immediately . Donnie was our waiter and could not be more enjoyable. He made the experience even more enjoyable. After looking at the menu we decided to go with the Hells Kitchen experience. I don't normally eat eggs but the Scotch egg was thoroughly enjoyable. I am not a beet person but the beet salad was not all that bad, then came the good parts, the scallop risotto was to die for but only got a half portion, also the beef Wellington is all the hype they put with it...I have never enjoyed a meal as much as this one. The toffee pudding was also the most enjoyable thing I have ever tasted.  I could not even finish my dessert.....now for the reason that I did not give 5 stars....the price of the Hells Kitchen experience was $145 per person...which was okay by me...until the portions came out half...half a scallop risotto, half a beef Wellington. It costs us over $400 for 2 of us and we only got half portions of the food we so craved.  We did walk out of there full, fat, and happy...but for $400 I would have liked to have some take home food...The experience as a whole...I walked out of there with a grin from ear to ear, I have 2 signed pictures of Gordon Ramsay and the reminisce of the meal still lingering on my mind.  I will eat here again but this time I will get my full portion of beef Wellington. As for our server Donnie, he was a delight and I would request him to experience the same feeling I had the first time. I recommend if you have a couple dollars to splurge definately try Gordon Ramsay steak!!!
5	SO good!! The filet is amazing!! The truffled Mac and cheese is life changing it's so good. Oh my gosh, the carrots, I think they were chicken BBQ carrots or something, they were amazing! Went another time and tried the Brussels sprouts but thought they were just okay. I like mine a certain way tho, so could just be me.
3	Came here for dinner with coworkers a few weeks back. The food is solid and the service was great but overall the place is just OK in my opinion. We went the whole 9 yards and tried multiple appetizers, entrees, and deserts. Nothing memorable. It was good but nothing really blew me away, which I was expecting from a place with Gordon Ramsay's name on it. This place is good, but not worth planning a trip around.
5	This place was the best of my whole trip to vegas!!!  It was a special event for me and my wife and the waiter was so excellent Yvone was his name and the manger on shift that night even through in his help and cleared our appetizers before our next course of the most excellent meats vegas has to offer. The host might start off walking you in talking about chef Ramsey and the his hands shaped out of neon lights on the ceiling which is a somewhat focal point but it blah blah. Don't worry it gets so much better after that. I love this place and I'm not some bug Ramsey TV watcher or a British follower. A++++ you must go it's located in the Paris hotel/casino area. Make a reservation though with them over the phone or on open table.com
5	Love love love! Delicious! I have always been a fan of Chef Gordon Ramsey. I was so looking forward to eating here. It really is worth it to treat yourself to his brilliant menu. Our waiter and his assistant waiter was amazing. Yes, they have assistants. Lol. Anyways, back to the awesomeness. I had the HK drink and I loved it. It was light and not super sweet. The bread was just the best bread ever. So many different types as well. We had two plates of it while waiting for our food. After debating on what to eat from the menu, I ordered the famous beef Wellington. It was WOW! It's hard to describe it, but it was executed so well! Perfectly cooked. So worth it. My bf had one of the steaks, so many types of cuts to choose from! Overall, so happy we dined there!
3	The food was good here. We got the tasting menu which was a total rip off.  The only reason why we got it was to eat the risotto. At $145 a person (we had 2 people), I was expecting bigger portions.  The first item was a qual egg which was eaten in 1 bite. Followed by a beet salad which again was finished in 2 bites. Then the risotto which Iw as excited for because im a HK fan. It was so tiny, we finished it in about 3 bites. It was just a little more than a spoon full and it wasn't good at all. it was normal risotto.Next came the wellington which was good followed by their signature dessert which was awesome. So the lesson learned... I spend $300 on the tasting menu when I could have just ordered the wellington and dessert and it would only cost me $140.The bread they give is very good. There were 3 types.  And we got 2 servings because its free.So long story short, avoid the tasting menu, the risotto sucked and just get things ala carte.
5	Gordon Ramsey definitely knows how to do it! His Beef Wellington has officially, and scrumptiously devoured off my bucket list, it was everything it has been cracked up to be! The flavors, the texture, wow it was all but perfect and of course the staff I compare to a well produced broadway play! Actually i believe running restaurants is similar to a live play, the servers should always be "on", helpful and attentive regardless what shambles their personal lives may be in. They should never bring that to work.  A good manager is like the director making sure each element of the production goes according to the overall enjoyment of the paying audience and well by know you can begin to see the similarities. And Gordon's Steak was a wonderful, delicious and completely enjoyable performance by his entire cast. It was $55 and I would have been happy paying more for it, to me it was that good! I must add that since i ate alone i didnt try any other dishes, the bread plate and the Wellington were more than enough to satisfy me so this review is really about that one dish and the service!
2	A group of us gathering for a reunion were all so excited to eat here as we are all huge Gordon Ramsey fans. So we were very disappointed that the food was all very bland which would have been fine had there been salt and pepper on the table. We couldn't visit or catch up at all because the music was very very loud and we had to yell but still couldn't hear. So I really wouldn't recommend trying the place as it is really expensive and with all of us sampling each other's dishes we were all disappointed.
2	I usually go to Craft Steak for dinner but I wanted to try a different steakhouse. My mistake. The bread plate is good, you get 4 different types of bread and they are all good.  For dinner I ordered the porterhouse (med) the chicken breast, mac and cheese, asparagus, and fingerling potatoes.  When our meal came they brought us the long bone steak (I think it was the rib-eye) all of our side dishes were also being brought to the table.  We told them that steak was not what we ordered and they took everything away.  We were starving by the time they brought the food but they took it all away to make the correct steak. Honestly I think they should have just left the (incorrect) steak and the right side dishes and made the porterhouse. I was very worried that they would just throw our side  dishes and chicken under a heat lamp but i am pretty sure they didn't.  So when the porterhouse came out it was med rare.  We were starving so we ate it.  When the server came he asked how everything was and it was OK. The potatoes were my fav then the chicken.  I was honest with the server and told him the steak lacked seasoning and was under cooked to my linking.  He offered to i guess throw it back on the grill but that wouldn't make up for the lack of seasoning so I said no. Overall, Craft has never disappointed and I should have went there to celebrate my birthday.  I don't think I will ever be going back as the steak was not worth the price.Oh yeah make sure you order a dessert or they don't do anything for your birthday.
1	This place doesn't deserve the Gordon Ramsay name. Very average at best. Waiters talk way too much.  Food is just chain restaurant quality.  Ambiance is non-existent.  And the prices are ridiculously high.
5	Everything was amazing!
4	Beefsteak is fabulous, a little bit noisy but the service is very good
3	Five of us dined and enjoyed the food.  Beet Salads and French Onion Soup were fabulous! Short Ribs, Filet, and Beef Wellington were tender, cooked as requested, and had lots of flavor.  Decor was pleasant and the service was excellent!  As other reviews have stated the music gets amped up way too loud which takes away from really having a fine dining experience.  Fortunately, we had gotten there early and only had to hear the cranked up volume for less than thirty minutes.  Mentioned the volume of the music being increased and was informed very apologetically," that's how they want it."  Poor soul has to listen to it all night!  Personally, I'd like to savor the flavors and conversation with a little less volume.  There are tons of choices in Vegas where locals and visitors can enjoy awesome flavors and a quieter ambiance.
4	We were excited to eat at a Gordon Ramsey restaurant. We were caught a little off guard with the ambience. The restaurant is split with a bar on one side and a restaurant on the other. The music was almost club type. Very loud and hard to talk to a significant other across the table.     Our waiter was a little pompous and seemed a little condescending. Almost trying too hard to be a Jean-Philippe. The other waiter for another table was really nice and we were a little jealous. Our table was loose and rocked a bit as we ate. We were ok with it. But when he wiped it down and noticed that it moved, he explained how they would have to flip the table and fix it, and blah blah blah.   Food was great. Everything came out so soft and melted in our mouths. I had beef Wellington of course. Wife had a chicken and rice meal. Finished off with sticky toffee pudding. Great food, just don't expect a quiet dining experience. Our waiter was snobby but other waiters seamed nice. Food is expensive. Our bill was $240 for two. Water is $8 a bottle. Ask for filtered tap. Enjoy
1	We were put on the second level in a room.  It was noisy, plan on raising your voice and asking the waiter to repeat himself frequently. We asked to switch to the balcony and the sound level was better. They charge you $9 a bottle for water.  Plan on paying an additional charge for sauce and side dishes. This place is all about worshiping Gordon Ramsay as a demi-god. The neon in the atrium representing his hand motions is just silly. The customer is king not Gordon Ramsey. This restaurant missed that point.
2	Like other reviews on here, we had high hopes and excitement about eating at ramsays steak. We had a group of six and arrived for dinner ready to eat some delicious food that was gonna wow us all. Unfortunately, that didn't happen. It took forever overall and service want great either. It took 20 mins just for bread, every time our water glasses were empty, we had to ask for more......my ordered the beef Wellington and it was good. I had a ribeye steak that was good but was under seasoned in my opinion. I also had a ceasar salad that was excellent onion soup which was excellent but the Mac n cheese tasted only of truffle oil :( a huge let down cause we LOVE macncheese....anyways, more bad....our friend ordered a ny strip steak medium well and when it came out, it was black and I mean black. The waiter told us it was char and was supposed to be that way. Let me tell you, this tasted like charcoal and was not a properly charred steak. She sent it back and the waiter said it would be another 45 mins for another steak. Unacceptable, so we asked for a manager who tried to rectify it by getting another steak out in about 5 mins but unfortunately this time the steak was no more than medium rare and it was supposed to be medium well.... She sent it back again and chose not to order anything else. For an average check of $100-$140 per person, it was def not worth it. I would recommend mon ami gabi in Paris for a steak over ramsays. Won't be back
2	My wife and I are big fans of Hells Kitchen and we recently got the opportunity to try Gordan Ramsay Steak On June1st .  We had reservations for 6pm and ended up sitting in probably the most busiest aisle there (right next to the stairs).  It was very noisy and kind of a nuisance having meat carts and people running by every 2 seconds. We ordered our food medium-rare for me and my wife wanted hers, medium+ (the waiter suggested that).  We also ordered spinach and a potato ($12.00 ea), which really wasn't worth it.  When we got our meals, after eating some of it, decided that they were not cooked as we asked.  I don't know why we didn't send them back, I think we were just shocked after watching the show, how intense Chef Ramsay is about making sure everything is cooked correctly.  Actually, my steak was a bit stringy and maybe if they cooked it a bit more, would have made it easier to chew.  So, the whole experience was a let down, from the seating to the meal.  $250 for a meal that was only so-so.  We will stick to Mastro's Ocean club for now on.
5	This was the 2nd time we dined here and this time i took my sisters! We loved it !!! Oscar was our waitor and he was amazing !!! He was very attentive and wished my little sister a happy birthday and congratulated me on my bachelorette party weekend !We had the foi gras which was our 1st time and it was amazing !!!Then we had the beef wellington and american beef cap and those were delicious !!! Worth the money !! We also had the macaroni and cheese and sauteed mushrooms!We were sooo stuffed we couldnt try their deserts :(But I would definitely come again !!
5	Very good but very expensive. I hosted dinner here for a group of 8 co-workers celebrating a service milestone. They really do a nice job with groups. It's a large restaurant and very "Vegas" style - impressive architecture, large menus, lots of show. The service was great. I really enjoyed our server. He spent time with our table and had a really fun personality. And he was an expert waiter - said he had been in the industry for 10 years and it showed. Overall great evening but very pricy.
5	This place was incredible!  Beef Wellington was far better than the Eiffel Tower located on the same property.  And it was 20% less.  Our entire bill was 20% less ... And the food was much better ... Significantly better!Food - 5 starsService - 5 stars... Dennis was the best waiter ever!Atmosphere - 5 stars .. Upstairs is significantly quieter than downPrice - 5 stars... Expensive but food is so incredible it was worth it.For dessert, order sticky toffee pudding.   Amazing.If you want to go to see the views go to the Eiffel Tower viewing area.  Then go back down to Gordon Ramsey's for the food.  The best food in Paris is British!
5	Fantastic steak house, lived up to the hype (and I am not a Ramsay fan).  They set the tone right by bringing out all the steak cuts on a Vegas-y mirrored display but nothing more beautiful than good beef.As a starter, I went with the foie gras.  It was excellently prepared and an ample portion.I went with the rib eye cap, American Wagyu.  This is a cut I have been dying to try and it did not let me down.  Incredibly flavorful and I was surprised the 8 oz was enough.  Had asparagus as a side, also very good, liked the pesto preparation which made it interesting.Also, wanted to comment on the bread plate.  I am not a bread person but this was incredible.  They gave me 5 different breads (not to choose between the 5 but all 5 were put on the table).  The breads were different from each other and very flavorful.Again, a great steak experience.
5	Was absolutely perfect! Wonderful Food, great service, and beautiful atmosphere. One of the best places in Vegas!
5	Went all out for this meal. A5 Kobe beef, just wow. Melt in your mouth heaven. For sides we had Brussels sprouts, asparagus, Mac n cheese and creamed spinach. All very good. Dessert can't go wrong with English toffee caramel cake and brown butter ice cream. Overall amazing!!Gordon steak 2/2! Great Job!
5	I went here with high hopes and was not in the slightest bit disappointed. The waitstaff was very helpful and polite. Our waiter brought by a cart of meat to show us the cuts and explained them to us. We were started with a variety of breads served with smoked salt butter. They were terrific. I ordered the filet and it was great. I've been to other steakhouses and this was to die for. Had haricot vert on the side. It was tempura fried but a little greasy. Probably wouldn't order it again, but it wasn't terrible. Also had the creamed spinach on the side which was pretty good. I almost died and went to heaven when I was served dessert. I ordered the sticky toffee pudding and it was the best thing I've EVER eaten. I would go back a million times just to eat this dessert!!! I left here stuffed full but wanting to eat more! Will definitely go back in the future.
1	Hmmm, where to begin.  If you like a steak medium to medium well, here is not the place to get it.  You either get a burnt or raw steak.We all asked for waters to begin with while we read the menus.  I guess that set the tone.  We received our waters and 20 minutes later finally received food menus, but nothing was offered as far as drinks.Out of the 6 of us in our group, none were impressed.  We had heard so many great things (from TV) so maybe our expectations were a little too high?  Far be it for me to want a medium well cooked steak (yeah I know for the steak that could be seen as an insult) but that's how I like it.  What I got was literally charcoal on an extremely well done (burnt) steak.  When I put  my fork into, the charcoal literally flaked off.  The servers were kind and offered to have my steak cooked again and I nicely said "no thank you," BUT they insisted.  So I asked for just a bit above medium.  My next steak was so rare in the middle it bled onto my plate.  My husband and I ordered mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese.  The potatoes were $12 and truly nothing special, the macaroni and cheese left us burping mushroom flavor for an hour after eating 2 bites.  We tried to be nice about everything and were maybe hoping there might be something great in the dessert, but we wouldn't know because we were never offered a desert menu, just our checks.Fortunately, my steak was taken off, but I feel that $12 on potatoes and average service in a two hour time span is not what I was hoping for nor expecting.  Bummed to say, total disappointment.
5	So there is a reason why everyone raves about the beef wellington,  it is so tender, soft and delicious it is my new favorite food.  I took my husband here for his bday and had one of the best dining experiences. The staff was friendly and very knowledgeable.  The food was phenomenal,  but you do have to like truffle oil to fully enjoy everything.   I would highly recommend this restaurant.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had!   Every dish that came to the table was uniquely and perfectly prepared.  I consider myself cheap.  The meal cost $340 for two, and it was worth it.  Excellent service.  Excellent cocktails.  I eat out often and I'm always grateful when a restaurant raises the bar.
4	An English restaurant in the Paris Hotel?  Oh yeah, they thought of that, you cross through the Chunnel to get here! Cute.  Anyway, if you're a carnivore with any kind of taste for good steak, this place will treat you right.  A bit pricey, of course, but generally worth it.  I had the famous Beef Wellington, and something about it was really strange.  I mean, unique.  There were some flavors I couldn't quite put my tongue on.  None the less, it was fantastic.  IF you go with a group, you can try lots of different stuff to maximize experience.  I don't think that my heart can take going back here very often, but it's worth a one-off visit.  I also really like the Paris Hotel, so there is that.
5	Crazy Bernie is a big fan of Gordon's and puts his money where his mouth is by going into this great spot each and every time he goes to Paris LV about 4x a year. Beef Wellington just like what they make on Hell's Kitchen is out of this world. Got to meet chef Christine the first time I went soon after she won the head chef position.  Highest quality food with prices in line with quality level. When you say no to Gordon Ramsey Steak....you say no to life!
4	Admittedly I'm a Gordon Ramsay reality show junkie and I don't eat burgers so this was a must try for me. We enjoyed the 8 Oz fillet and seafood platters. Both were very good. Sides were steamed spinach with creme fresh and a supercharged version of mac and cheese made with blue cheese. VERY PRICY. But everything was great from beginning to end. You only live once so try this one out if you're nearby and can afford it.
3	Edited - upgraded to a 3 star - it is better than the compared 2 star ratings for other places that I have reviewed - but still was disappointed in the experience, we had higher expectations for a restaurant of this caliber.  Plus, I was contacted by management expressing their concerns of my review and I was impressed with their desire to improve.  I wish more establishments took that initiative.I have to admit, we were underwhelmed with our dining experience.  This is due to the fact that it's a celebrity restaurant and high dollar menu and the only item on the menu that we would rave about it the sticky toffee pudding.  That was absolutely fabulous!  We had reservations about 2 months in advance and we were sat back in the corner with not much of a view of the rest of the establishment, except to watch the wait staff gab at their station or people enter and exit and elevator.We are fans of the show Master Chef and my husband was dying to try his famous beef wellington.  The menu says it takes 45 minutes, but I think they had a few in the works as it didn't seem as fresh as maybe it should have and didn't feel like it took that long (but we didn't time it)?  Neither of us has had one before, so nothing to compare it to.  It was good, but it wasn't amazing, which we expected.  I ordered one of their fish options and it was fishy tasting.  I guess some fish can be that way?  I wasn't super pleased with it, it was edible.  We also ordered an appetizer, the chorizo stuffed lobster as we figured we wanted something to taste while waiting for the 45 minute main entree.  It was probably as big as an index finger?  The flavor was ok, not really sure where the chorizo was.  We also split a very nice bottle of wine which a sommelier helped us select.Our server seemed a bit stuffy, literally felt he was scoffing on the inside.  Wish we had the server that was helping the table next to us as he was full of personality and I overheard some good menu suggestions and then wished he was there to help me make my selection (we had already ordered).We do not frequent a lot of high end restaurants - probably 2 or 3 a year to treat ourselves.  Unfortunately, I would have to suggest you not to waste your money here (in Gordon's frequently used disappointing statement "damn").  It simply wasn't worth it.
5	Excellent all the way. From staff to food. I was a little nervous before coming. I dont mind splurging but i dont like to feel like I got taken when I do. Luckily i did not.Service- excellent. I booked through open table and made note in the reaervation that it was our anniversary. The server and hostess wished us a happy anniversary and my husband a happy birthday upon arrival. Serving staff very attentive through out mealFoodLobster appetizer. Good not amazing but good. Small for priceBeef sliders. You get two. GoodBeef wellington. ExcellentPork chop. Thick juicy excellent. Had to send back for extra cooking but still excellent and and manager came out to apologizeBrussel sprouts with little pieces of bacon. Excellent.Fingerling potatoes excellentMy room didnt have a fridge but i was definitely taking what i did not eat with me. Too delishous to waste. I nibbled the rest of the night.For 2 appetizers, 2 entres, 2 sides, one soda, one strawberry martini the bill came to $200 which is what I was expecting so it didnt seem that bad.Is the food overpriced? Yes no more so than mortons or ruth chris. Know that going in there and you will be fine.
4	WOWWW! I love this place. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu. Actually, x2 because they pretty much say that if you order the tasting menu, then the other people in your party will be forced to order the same thing. But other than that, I loved it. My favorites were the Beef Wellington and the risotto. Also, the brown butter ice cream and toffee pudding were amazing.
3	Second time here....not as good as the first time. I brought a very nice bottle of wine and knew the corkage was expensive...35$...but the wine I brought would have been over $200 here. We sat at the bar as we were early for our reservation...my fault. So we ordered the beef Wellington for two to go with our wine....had a glass of a really nice Poulle Fuisee to go with our shrimp appetizer....really good, (by the way the sommelier we had was awesome)...So why only three stars? They told us it would take 45 minutes for the Beef Wellington....but they forgot us and it took almost an hour and a half. By that time we had finished our wine and were ready to walk out. I would have thought the bar tender would have offered us a glass of wine on the house but she did not. The Wellington was just ok.....under seasoned and for  something that took an hour and a half should have been piping hot....it was not. Next time in Vegas I will go to my old standby restaurant at Paris....Mon Ami Gabi...half the price and the food is better.
1	After visiting many of Gordon Ramsey's restaurants in London, this was a complete let down. I'm not sure how much Mr Ramsey is associated with the restaurant but this was without doubt the worst $250 meal for two we've ever had. The quality of the ingredients was not what you would expect for a al carte. The drinks were the best part of the meal.
5	Love Gordon Ramsay, first off.  My husband and I had the Hell's Kitchen select menu.  Everything was out of this world; my husband couldn't believe he actually ate a beet...and LIKED it.  The risotto was actually slightly undercooked (which made us laugh because GR goes bananas on his shows over mistakes with risotto).  the sticky toffee pudding was amazing; best dessert I've ever had, too bad I couldn't finish it.  Waiter was nice, attentive and helpful with suggestions.  He was sweet and put a candle in my desert because he overheard it was our one year wedding anniversary.  Overall, great experience.
4	I am a fan of Gordon Ramsay . That's why i came here and it DID NOT disappoint me .We ordered prime rib and beef wellington. I think their prime rib is the best i have ever had in my life in terms of the quality of the meat and the flavour . However, i am not a big fan of beef wellington. Maybe i just dont like the style. Waiter was helping since he recommend us another wine to go with our dishes and said the wine i wanted it was actuallly too dried. I went with his recoomendation and it was great choice.However, waiter was way too busy to come to check on us. I would expect the service could be better in this type of the resturant. Overall, i love this place.
5	My wife made reservations for my birthday at Gordon Ramsay Steak.  I ate there a year ago and was impressed, but we were with a group and with conversation, didn't pay attention to the details.  For meal, we showed up a little bit early and one of the hostesses informed us that they were getting a table ready and walked us the the bar to a couch to wait.  The bar staff was attentive even though we just ordered water... we had a drink at the Eiffel Tower bar before arriving.  A young hostess found us in the bar area and walked us to our table upstairs that was not what I was imagining for my perfect birthday dinner.  It was a small, two-top table at the exit for the staff area directly outside of the elevator. Our waiter took our wine order and the support staff was very attentive, but it wasn't the kind of table we expected for a fine dining experience.Before our sommelier arrived with our wine, the nice young hostess came by to ask us how we liked our accommodations. I told her my concerns about the table and she said she would see what she could do.  We expected a move to a similarly tiny table in a better location.  However, the slender teenaged girl who, despite her age, was a consummate professional, informed us that we were being asked to accompany her to the chef's table.  We were walked back downstairs with the sommelier in tow to a fantastic booth that faced the kitchen and was directly in front of the executive chef's work area (if you were wondering... he doesn't slow all night and catches every detail.Our waiter, Chris, was a fantastic waiter.  He was detail oriented yet personal enough to connect while remaining a professional disconnect large enough to make sure that the dining experience was about me and my wife having  wonderful meal together.  He was there when we wanted him to be and was at the edges of the room at all other times in case he was needed.The staff was unflappable in all situations and handled themselves professionally.  Assisting Chris was a wait staff assistant that missed nothing.  If water got 1" low, he was there to refill it.  If my wife slipped off to powder her nose and her napkin was neatly folded 20 seconds after her departure.Now the food.  My wife ordered the rib cap and a lobster tail.  I ordered the 22 oz bone in ribeye medium-rare with an accompaniment of king crab legs.  We added the mushrooms and creamed spinach.  The steaks were absolutely perfect.  My ribeye was so good I told Chris that it made me want to "smack my mamma."  I'm not sure he's accustomed to that.  I don't like creamed spinach, but I ate all of it.  It was like spinach crack. To sum it up, our entire experience here was fantastic and made us feel like we were welcomed and the staff genuinely wanted to please us. I would return every week if it isn't 2000 miles away.//
5	Gordon Ramsay has done it again! This is the second Gordon Ramsey restaurant I have visited and it was fantastic. We had a group of 3 and shared the bone marrow, crab soup, mac and cheese, fingerling potatoes, filet mignon, and bone in rib eye. All of the food was flavorful and delicious. We also tried their popular Hell's Kitchen antioxidant cocktail and it was refreshing and delicious too. Overall I would highly recommend Gordon Ramsey Steak if you are looking for an upscale dinner.
5	Besides the great food and wonderful decor..any of Gordon Ramsey's restaurant is never short of..but the staff especially our server Donnie and Mohamadu was exceptional. I would go back just for them. They made our experience just memorable. I learned some French and just had a wonderful time. A great way to celebrate our wedding anniversary.
2	Sorry folks they all cannot be great, So after an amazing experience at "Gordon Ramsey Burger" we decided to step it up a notch and try out Steak" Now this first part is strictly my opinion, I feel that in a establishment of this alleged caliber they music should not blare so loud that you cannot have a conversation. The decoration or ambiance was at best gaudy again my opinion.    We sat for some time, I would say 15 minutes before we were met by the assistant waiter, who after that was amazing. I wish I had gotten his name. When our waiter did show he was Obviously very busy, but was very professional. If this restaurants review was soley based on the staff it would be 5 stars all around. They are the only reason I am giving 2.    So our first course arrived I had 1/2 dozen oysters my wife had Shrimp. The oysters were good, however we have just returned from New Orleans and these just did not compare at half the amount for twice the price, I was a bit discouraged. The shrimp my wife has was over cooked and chewy. enough said on that.    We were then presented with our salads. I had Caesar, my wife had a garden salad. The Caesar salad was good but he dressing tasted bottled. When I visit a restaurant of this alleged caliber and our final bill is 200 dollars not including our tip I kind of expect a homemade Caesar as I have had at other places. My wife again had a garden salad, in her words "Blah" especially the bacon circles which seemed old... very old.     Now for the Steaks. I have nothing good to say here. I had the Bone in Ribeye. They only compliment I can give is it was big. I ordered Medium rare and received a Very rare steak. It needed among other things seasoning. I do not think an ounce of salt was used in the cooking of this piece of meat along with any other seasoning. Bland is the best way I could describe it. I actually only ate half it just was not good. My wife got the Chicken breast. 1 word "dry" and bland... ok 2 words. Really anything else to say   We were very excited about this visit and left very disappointed. I honestly feel I could have gone up the street to outback and had a better steak for half the price. I am happy most seem to have a great experience sadly ours was not as we would have hoped.
4	I am surprised that I'm not giving this restaurant 5-Stars.  The service is EXCEPTIONAL but at the end of the day, my wife and I agree we have had better steak.  Don't get me wrong, the steak was AMAZING!  It just doesn't stand out as the best ever (which I guess I felt it would given the reviews and the fact it is Ramsay's flagship Vegas restaurant).  The mac and cheese was nothing special...Very bland.I will state it again though...The service was, 'Brilliant!'
3	I'm a huge GR fan, so I was very disappointed to find that this namesake steakhouse had such mediocre quality. Presentation was definitely top-notch, at least before the food was served, but the wait time for our waiter to come by was pretty ridiculous. I've eaten at GR at the London in L.A. many times and have become accustomed to their rapid service and consistent flavor. I don't think I'll visit the steakhouse again, or any GR restaurant in Vegas (I tried BurGR, too and was very disappointed). For serving Wagyu and Angus prime steaks, I would expect a less bland piece of meat, especially for the ostentatious prices.
1	I am dining with a long life long friend from New Jersey with a hip problem and he is being refused service because he cannot put his feet on the ground is like must be elevated. Gordon Ramsay I hope you're proud of the service you are providing
3	I really wanted to like Gordon Ramsey Steak.  I went in with high expectations, but left slightly disappointed.  I sat at the bar and ate, as I was traveling for work.  The bartenders were all quite nice, and pleasant.  My order was simple.  A glass of Shiraz, the house salad, and the Beef Wellington.The Shiraz was fine.  A good pour by the bartender.  Nothing amazing, but it was good.The bread was good.  It was a good start to the meal.  There was a mushroom bread, and olive bread, and one that I couldn't understand.  I actually asked the server to repeat what type of bread it was, but I still didn't get it.The Salad was underwhelming.  It had way too much dressing on it, and the the flavors were mediocre.  The lettuce was a bit soggy.What I was expecting to be the star of the meal, The Beef Wellington, was just OK.  The beef was good, but the breading on it didn't do anything special for me.  I felt as though the potatoes and the veggies could have been a little bit more plentiful on the plate.  It was good.  Just not Amazing.All in all, I would give the restaurant a 3.5 star rating.  However, one of my rules is that if nobody says "goodbye" when i leave, I take off .5 stars.  It is not a very difficult task, and should be a focus of all good restaurants.  In fact, when i left, there were 4 (yes FOUR) Hostesses standing out front.  Not one of them said "thank you" or "goodbye" to me.  It may be worth a try if you exhausted the other steak places in Vegas.  I may go back next time and try a regular steak instead.  However, for now, I'll say that Gordon Ramesy continues to disappoint me (Pub, Burger place, and now Steak).  Maybe i just need to lower my expectations....
4	Okay so EXCELLENT service and they actually let us sit upstairs this time. CL and I came here for the foie gras because the last time we were there, it was a big piece for each of us. This time it definitely shrank! It was still good. It was just about half the size? The server wanted to explain to us about all the parts of the cow but we heard it all the last time I was there.  We told him he didn't need to push the beef cart and waste his breath telling us about it. He tried to sell us on the tasting menu but us, knowing that we went there just for the foie gras said NO! I already knew what I wanted. CL had to read the menu. So I ordered the beet salad which was delightful and almost too pretty to eat. Also the foie gras appetizer which had two little buns in it filled with cream cheese. For my main course I had the shortribs which was SO good. OMG! The meat was so tender and juicy! CL had the foie gras that came with his medium cooked ribeye steak and the pot de creme. The ribeye was cooked to perfection. You do get a discount if you give them your total rewards card but no free desserts on your birthday. We asked for both sparkling water and still water. They weren't smart enough to leave the still water for me but instead I had to keep putting my glass out so that they could see it was empty.  Finally towards the end, the busser left the glass of still water for me.
4	I think that if your coming to Vegas you should try Gordon Ramsey Steak at some point in your visit.  I think that this is one of the better dining experiences in Vegas, even though it is really pumped up based on the fact that it has Gordon Ramsey's name on it.  I would bet that for every three star review that you see on this site, if that same person ate the same meal and had the same experience at any other steakhouse it would be a 4 or a 5 star meal.  People that come here expect the best meal of their lives based on the name, for some people GR Steak delivers.  For me it was a top 10 meal of my lifetime.  The drinks were fresh and flavorful.  Some great pours by the bartenders as well.  When you pay $14 for a drink you are hoping to be satisfied, and I was.  I ate the bone in rib eye and it was one of the better steaks that I have ever had.  We also had the mac and cheese, baked potato which was huge, along with some mushrooms.  Their signature desert was also incredible.  You will be super full by the end of dinner, but it is worth it.The service at this location was very interesting.  When you are first seated the hostess says something weird about a light that is Gordon Ramseys hands or something.  Very strange, but also unique.  Our server was pretty good, but we were also helped by someone named John B (can't remember his last name).  He said that he was a fairly new server assistant, but this guy made it a meal to remember.  He had a great personality, and knew everything about every course that was brought out.  He also recommended some great drink pairings.
5	Love everything about this place; from the ambiance, the way we were greeted & brought to our table; being provided with a display of different style red meats, to the quality & taste of foods.
3	Rough start to the dining experience. We were running about 10 minutes late and called to let them know. Hostess said they only hold reservations for 15 and if we didn't make it within the 15 minute window we would lose our table. She was a bit rude. Yikes!!! 4th of July in Vegas and navigating the walk from the mandarin to the Paris could be problematic.  But we did make it with 5 to spare. We discussed this policy with the general manager when we arrived and he confirmed what the hostess told us. Apparently there is no forgiveness on their policy even on the day of the year that has more peeps in Vegas than New Years (almost 335000). In fact he somewhat defended her but then apologized.  he did offer to make it up to us with dessert but that was the last we saw of him and when it came time to order dessert our waiter never made mention of the "free dessert".  Food was very good and service was good but probably not to the standards one would expect in a gordon Ramsey property. Wife had filet and was cooked perfectly. I had ribeye also cooked perfectly. BUT,  nothing outstanding. Mastros in crystals was better.
5	Took my wife here for our anniversary, what a amazing experience. We totally went all out, Rib cap, Beef wellington with wine pairing, inns and gunn oak barrel, sticky toffee pudding.... Amazing! the asparagus soup was something out of a movie. Seriously perfection. On top of a amazing night of food and drink , Gordon himself was there, and talked with us for about 15 minutes. What a memorable 1st anniversary. Cheers!!
2	Toughest steak I have ever tried to cut into at a restaurant.Service: Fantastic.  Numerous people constantly asking us if we needed anything more.Bread:  Sparse but some of the best around.Baked Potato:  Large and good.Beef Wellington:  Very good (my wife's order).  A bit dry without any drizzle or au jus.Steak: Great taste but incredibly tough.  Had to hold fork with two hands and cut (saw) away with other? hand!!  I know there will be people who say I should have sent it back and in hindsight they are probably right.  But it was my wife's birthday and I did not want to bring up the problem in any way to put a negative spin on a pretty good evening (came from Jersey Boys show).My other opinion is that the guy bringing around the display of meat is a bit cliche.  I remember Chef Ramsey making fun of restaurants that have photos on their menu.  Well, probably 100% of the customers have seen a piece of raw steak.  When we asked the guy who had a long speech about meat a question......he looked puzzled and did not know the answer (easy question about the prep at this restaurant).It was fun being in a celebrity's restaurant.  Most of the food was good.  Most money I have ever paid for a meal for 2 people.
5	Amazing service and even better food! We got the "tasting menu" that walks through all of Chef Ramsay's signature dishes. Everything was cooked to perfection and tasted delicious. Can't wait to go back!
5	Went with a group of 6 for my daughters birthday!  We had a reservation and were seated promptly!  We had various cocktails and each person exclaimed at how delicious they were and they all looked gorgeous!!  Each meal looked spectacular and mine was incredible.  The waiter was spectacular and explained menu item questions fully.  Very excellent waiter!!! We even got to meet Chef Christine from Season 6. She came out to our table, sat down & chatted and our waiter took a picture.  It was a total blast and we will definitly be back!!! EXCELLENT everything!!!
5	Came here with a party of 6 recently and we were all amazed by the caliber of the service & the quality of the food - despite our already very high expectations.The blue crab soup, beef wellington, complimentary bread, and toffee dessert were definitely the highlights. The salmon and bourbon creamed corn were also great but not too memorable in comparison to the first 4 mentioned. Our server was fantastic and my water was always filled. Add in a glass of red wine and a bottle of passion fruit tea and bf and I were so stuffed for the rest of the night. Overall, we had a fantastic experience and Gordon Ramsay Steak definitely lived up to our expectations. Will be back in the future to try their other steaks!
5	Took my wife here for our 4 year anniversary and it was absolutely delicious. Went all out of course, "when in Rome", and got that fancy steak.. whats it called? Wellington? ahhhhhhh so delicious. They warned us it would take 45min but we were in no hurry what so ever. Making the sitter wait an extra 45min was the least of my concerns.Before dinner, i was reading reviews about the dress code. Some people said they enforced the dress code, some others said they didnt. We dressed up anyways, but... just FYI. They do NOT enforce the dress code. The dude next to me had on cargo shorts. He probably had a hunting hat underneath the table. The venue was nice, presentation was nice, the atmosphere was a tad bit loud and the service was very pleasant. 2 thumbs up! Is it the best steak house though? errrrr.... Ruths Chris was pretty damn good as well. It's a toss up folks!
4	When I decided to take my Vegas vacation, I had to have at least one fine dining meal on the strip. I debated between a couple of options, but ultimately decided on Gordon Ramsay Steak at Paris. I had originally planned to dine at the restaurant on the second night of my trip, but on the first night Bouchon was closed for a private event, so I had to scramble. First world pains, I know. I decided to push up my reservation a day and the FOH was incredibly accommodating on such short notice. The restaurant itself is beautiful, from the Tube dividing the restaurant from the bar/waiting area to the light sculpture on the ceiling portraying Chef Ramsay's hands in motion. Service: Impeccable. Being such a long time ago, I don't quite remember the names of my servers, but they were incredibly polite, helpful and eager to please.The Food: I was torn between a beautiful steak on the cart that they dazzle diners with and the Hell's Kitchen Tasting Menu. Ultimately decided on the latter. Each course definitely had me smiling because of all the times I recall contestants on the show messing them up.Highlights were the scallops and risotto that were executed perfectly and the sticky toffee pudding. At that point, dessert was an after thought, but dish was unbelievable. Beef Wellington was also on point, but god, that sticky toffee pudding...Overall, I had a great experience at Gordon Ramsay Steak. The likelihood of dining there again is high, but there are so many places left on my Vegas list that I have to hit before I come back.
5	What else can I say but "absolutely amazing"??  I've been to my fair share of fine dining places, but this by far is my favorite.  Not only was the food outstanding, but it really was a show to just sit back and watch the staff do their thing.  All of them were hustling, busting their tails, it was like clockwork.  They take pride in service and it shows.
4	It's a little above average but not good. The highlight of the meal was probably the bread and the dessert.
4	I had been wanting to try GR's beef Wellington for some time.  Since we were in LV for 2 days, we made reservations.  The food was really good.  The beef wellington was as excellent as what I saw on the GR's TV shows.  My mom got the chicken.  We all tried it and it was possibly the best chicken we've ever tasted.  It was moist and flavorful.  My husband had a steak that was also perfectly cooked and tender.The lack of a 5th star is due to one issue with the service.  The waiter we had only talked to my husband.  He completely ignored my mom and me.  I asked a question and he just walked off.  He wouldn't even look at us.  It was quite annoying.  When he came around with the meat cart (another thing that looked a bit cheesy as that poor cart if being pushed around all night), he finally decided we existed.  At that point, it got a bit better which saved him from me requesting another waiter/waitress.  Also, after the initial order, other people came to our table to clear our plates, present the dessert menu, etc and they were all really pleasant.For dessert, we shared the sticky pudding as recommended by someone else on the staff...  It was delicious!
5	Of course this place is filled with hype, and I am not one to buy into the flavour of hype; nothing but empty calories. Both my brother and my father had chance to visit Gordon Ramsay Steak on different occasions and they both spoke the praises of this venue. Granted both of them are Gordon Ramsay fans so who can question their loyalty. The only true measure was to eventually try it myself. My wife and booked a reservation prior to our most recent trip in July of 2014 to Vegas. We actually were looking forward to this experience to see if everything measured up to the stories we had been told. The restaurant was busy and naturally our table wasn't quite ready so we were ushered into the bar area. This seems to be a common staging practice in many fine restaurants. We ordered a couple drinks that were absolutely amazing. Strawberry martini's prepared right before us and went down easy. Obviously fresh ingredients and a great amount of care went into mixing each drink,We, rather quicky, got our table and were given an opportunity to look at the menu. The offerings where tightly controlled and we did not feel overwhelmed. The table side meat presentation was very different and added to the mystique of the place; really showing a restaurant that wants to stand out. The waiter gave a great presentation on the meat selection and left us to make our final decisions. I ordered the New York Stip with bone in, and my wife had the Ahi Tuna. If you have ever been to a 4 or 5 star steak house you know that there are good steaks and there are great steaks. Not meaning to offer up any offence but there are many that will hold a steak from the Keg up as a standard. Try a steak from a place like Gordon Ramsay's and the bar will be raised; and it truly was. Now don't get me wrong I enjoy a great steak from the Keg as much as anyone, and no I cannot afford to eat at 5 star restaurants. Once a year we save up for a trip to Vegas and a part of that trip is to enjoy a really great meal. If there is one thing you should do is take some money and set it aside for a truly delectable meal. It is an experience that really can change your perceptions. Gordon Ramsay Steak did just that, it changed our perceptions. We felt the hype was truly in line with what was offered. We truly enjoyed the experience and I am confidant you will too, I highly doubt any item on the menu will disappoint. Give the hype a try! In this case it tastes wonderful.
5	Had a fabulous experience last night! I did not know what to expect. My boyfriend had wanted to go so off we went. I had been to his London restaurant about 10 years ago, but this one in Vegas is so much better.We went with the tasting menu with the pairing and added the Pork Belly Appetizer and the Rib Cab steak which both were to die for.The food was exceptional and the wines were equally amazing!!Service was too notch!Decor is very trendy and fun!Overall loved this place!!
5	Wow!  Everything from the hostess telling us the story of the light sculpture, to the ipads detailing the drinks, to the amazing food, made for one of the best meals I have ever eaten, and a memorable anniversary dinner.  Beef Wellington was to die for and we are still talking about the truffle mac and cheese. You have to finish up with the Sticky toffee pudding....it's an out of body experience!  Matt, our server, was friendly and knowledgeable and helped guide us through our experience.  No hesitation in giving 5 stars and will be back very soon.
2	Very underwhelmed today. Got the lobster wellington and the lobster dish does not taste as fresh or flavorful as when its cooked fresh off the shell.  My party got 6 beef wellingtons and the majority are disappointed.   One of the beef wellington even has tendon inside which made it extremely hard to chew.  Overall, this is an overpriced establishment and you are just paying for the Gordon Ramsay name.  It would be hard for our party to visit again.  Giving one extra side of the delicious sides.
1	Unfortunately my husband and I never even got the chance to eat here. We called about 5 days ahead to make a reservation for Saturday and were told the restaurant was booked. That was understandable; we waited a little too late to call as it was a last minute trip to The Strip. When we got to the Paris hotel, we decided to walk past the restaurant to check it out. My husband is in culinary school and is impressed with Gordon Ramsey's high standards of service. The line for us happened when we were outside the restaurant looking in. A couple walked past and the hostess at the stand outside asked them if they'd like reservations to eat there that night, on Saturday, when this couple didn't even approach the stand. With such high standards, we did not expect to be denied a reservation when they obviously had space available, as evidenced by the hostess asking passers by to eat there! Left us with a bad taste in our mouths; my husband was very disappointed. Won't be going to a Ramsey establishment any time soon. Ate at Hubert Keller's Burger Bar instead.
5	Family dinner at Gordon Ramsay was really nice....this one is at the Paris Hotel, which is also a really cool place.The restaurant is be very nicely laid out...loved the entrance and the decor was impressive.  Our server was so charming and very attentive...he explained all of the meat cuts with samples on their meat trolley...he also detailed out how the Wellington was prepared as well as all of the sides.Since we wanted to try everything, we shared salads which they kindly split for us before serving...Caesar salad was simple and very good.  I think the steak I had was called a top cut...it's the "lip" of the rib eye cut "the other way"...very soft and tender and tasty...all of their steaks are aged for a minimum of 21 days....other folks in our party had the 24 oz rib eye and the Wellington...I especially loved the yukon potatoes and mushrooms...other sides included the brussels sprouts, creamed corn and a baked potato.We ordered a sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream and an apple tart for dessert along with French press coffee....Service was excellent, atmosphere really nice and food delicious!....
5	Worth. Every. Penny! Even the bored hostess comments about the bar representing the Chunnel and the light fixture depicting Gordon Ramsey's hand movement couldn't distract from the AMAZING dining experience. The prime filet was perfectly seared, the asparagus had just enough parmesan, and the fingerling potatoes were perfectly cooked. To top it off, the sticky toffee desert with burnt butter ice cream was, as promised, a semi religious experience! Amazing!
5	The food is phenomenal.  My new favorite spot.
3	Perhaps my review is a reaction of over-hyped expectation.  I've had many tell me that Gordon Ramsay's Steak is the best steak house in Vegas, so my expectations were very high.  Overall, the food was very good, but I wasn't blown away.  The food was great, but nothing that "wowed" me as an experience.Appetizers:  We ordered the pork belly (amazing) and raw oysters (definitely fresh and tasty)Steaks:  Between the four of us, we ordered two rib-eyes, one filet, and one American Kobe Rib Cap steak.  All were great steaks, though the two rib-eyes and filet were all ordered medium-rare but each came looking three different "stages" of medium rare... the filet was closer to the rare side, one rib-eye was "the perfect" medium rare, and mine was closer to the medium.  Regardless, none of us was disappointed about getting a great steak.Service:  We had a waiter and bus-boy serving us for the evening.  Both did a great job taking care of us and checking in... not too often but also not leaving us long enough to feel like we were being ignored.  I'm not a service snob, by any means, but I've been to several other steak places in Vegas and there's something that's missing with the service here... it's something about the feel of the staff not being personable.  They seemed distant and it felt that when we tried to engage in conversation with the staff, they spoke to us as if they were being monitored.Overall... food was great, services was great, environment was nice (though loud)... but for the price we paid and the hype we had, I expected a different dinning experience, especially in Vegas where there are so many other places.  I'm glad I dined here to try it out but it didn't make me want to come back, especially with so many other places to try in Vegas.
5	Easily one of the best steakhouses I've ever been to.  The experience itself is a step above the experience at other steakhouses, from presentation to service.  Yes, the prices are steep here, but go to any Steakhouse on the strip and you'll be set back for around the same prices, but I really think the value is great here.Here the presentation is great.  Atmosphere is superb for a date.  Steaks get brought out to let you choose your cut.  Just great to see slabs of raw meat finely marbled before they're cooked.I got the bone-in 28 oz ribeye, which was cooked to perfection, Pittsburgh.  The steak was definitely top 5 I've had in my life, and I've eaten a lot of steak.  Now, quality control at a steak house isn't exactly an exact science, but I'd say you will most likely be having the same tier of steak I had.I highly recommend coming here and trying it out at least once for both the steak and experience.
3	Me and my friend wanted to go there for a long time now and soon as we got there the host was very nice to us and the server was very nice, the food was ok not what i expected but it was a fun experience.
4	I really liked the whole decor of the restaurant but to me it seemed too loud inside. The dress code was also really lax. I had a southsider cocktail which was pretty good but the second one I ordered was full of ice...I was bummed out I couldn't try the hells kitchen tasting  menu because my wife doesn't eat red meat and you need to have everyone at your table order the menu :(. Tried the beef wellington and it was cooked perfectly. The toffee pudding was a surprise and tasted really good.
4	Definitely lives up to its name of a celebrity chef, though I have to say it's more glitz than substance--I can get great steak at great prices back home, just without the hoop la la as in Vegas-style.As soon as we checked in with the hostess, or should I say 'multiple hostesses'--there were 4 at the front, one opened the door, while proceeding to follow another girl, who then passed us off  to a suit who walked us to a cool, semi-circle booth, and then where not just the another head waiter showed up, but his immaculate dressed bus boy/assistant as well.  Said they would be working as a team for us tonight.Guess someone's got to pay the bills lol.  And i haven't gotten into the decor, but it's what you expect from a high-end steakhouse.Ordered the Royal long bone ribeye, amazing tenderness & seasoning. For the sides, added the fingerling potatoes, bite-sized, felt a bit over-rated.  But the sauteed mushrooms were good, probably the only thing I'd order again.And yes, the sticky toffee pudding was deleesh.Customer service superb.Worth going again but it's not something I'd wait for.
5	I don't give five stars to steakhouses often . In fact i would give peter Luger in NYC only 3 stars. In Vegas I've tried pieros and del friscos, and would only give them 3.5-4 stars tops . Gordon Ramsay Steak gets a solid 4.5-5 stars, partly due to the hip trendy setting that's totally Vegas (not really wanting to see another dark paneled wall steakhouse reminiscent of the 1960s) , partly due to the excellent service , but mostly due to the fantastic steaks offered here. I had the American Kobe rib eye wrapped in bacon and it was fantastic . Can't wait to try the rib cap . They said it was only 8 ounces but I couldn't finish it and I can devour a 24 ounce porterhouse . Maybe it was the lobster chorizo appetizer or variety of breads that filled me up, but whatever it was, I have some delicious leftovers , such as the creamed corn and loaded baked potato . Id skip the lobster appetizer just to have more room for the sticky toffee dessert, which Is Epic, with its brown butter ice cream.  You'll pay a pretty penny here (we averaged $120/person ) but I don't mind if its worth it, esp considering I spent $100/person at Del Friscos and it was not worth it .  Surprised to find such a good steakhouse in a hotel . Try it and hope you'll like it as much as I did
3	I'm not sure if my review is skewed due to the hype and expectations of this to be the finest steak house in LV or all the TV shows Gordon is in.  One member of our party has an allergy to wheat/gluten.  We expected a highly rated restaurant such as this is would be able to accommodate as well as any other.   We were wrong.  Our waiter seemed to not understand what we were talking about with gluten free.   After getting the impression that he didn't really get it, and couldn't point out anything on the menu that we could order for the allergy we asked to speak to either a chef or manager who might be better able to help us.  He explained the chef would be too busy to speak with us but sent one of the managers.  The manager was more knowledgeable and pointed out several options that could be made to gluten free.  So we ordered based on his recommendations.  First the waiter comes up 10 minutes after ordering and lets us know that the chef has told him the brussel sprouts are cooked off earlier in the day and can't be made gluten free.   So we order a different side.  When the entrees arrive we find the Fish that was supposed to be gluten free - the sauce was not, so they left it off entirely.  This would have been nice to know ahead of time instead of here's everyone's food you have some plain fish.  The beef wellington another party member ordered was overcooked.  We didn't send any of it back because we had a show to catch and wouldn't have time for it to be redone.  We did pass on our experience to the manager who checked in after we were done eating.  All in all, most food was delicious, but he experience left a lot to be desired for the price paid.
5	I actually enjoyed the food. My friend had the beef wellington-5 stars! I had the rib eye steak, so huge but delicious. I added a sauce which was a bone marrow in red or white wine. Pretty good but a little salty. The restaurant lives up to its' name. The setting is pretty dark and red inside.Their service was excellent! Someone is always making sure you enjoyed your food and pouring water for you when your cup gets emptied or half full. TRY the beef wellington, brussel sprouts (has bacon in it)  & mac & cheese! The 3 best combo & for appetizer their lobster.. haha JUST TRY IT!!
4	Expect $100 per person.  The steak is good.  Exterior is crusty.  Interior is juicy.  Don't bother ordering more sauce.  The steak itself is good enough with no sauce.  We tried three stakes.  The two they recommend were good.  The other is wasted money.
3	I will start by saying that the food is good.  The steak was cooked perfectly and was flavorful.  And I love the bread that they serve before the meal.  The prices are comparable to other restaurants of its caliber... expensive.  But, I don't mind paying for a good meal.  The service was very good, and our server was polite and helpful.  The biggest downside to me was the ambiance.  I'm glad I was with a friend and not a date.  It was EXTREMELY LOUD.  It reminded me more of a dance club with the techno music and off-putting decor.  It looked more like a cafe, than a four-star restaurant.  For someone who has transformed many failing restaurants, he could sure use some help in this one with the music and the decor.  Also, it is CRAMPED in there.  The tables are all too close together.  Like I said, I could barely hear from friend from the loud music and all the people that were sitting way too close to us.  Great food, but there are better places here in Vegas.
5	4.5 starsYou're going to think we live under a rock, but neither of us really knew who Gordon Ramsey was walking into his steakhouse. I prejudged the restaurant, assuming it'd be unnecessarily expensive (correct) and overhyped/not that good (incorrect) given the celeb chef name attached to it (past experiences.)Biggest eye-roll moment: when our hostess pointed to the red light sculpture on the ceiling & proclaimed it represented GR's hand movements as he made his infamous beef wellington. Pretentious & laughable. Our booth was intimate, perfect for our almost 3-hour dinner. Upon getting settled in, we were given an iPad to help us choose our alcohol/cocktails. I opted for a glass of riesling on their wine list. I like the intriguing contrast between old school touches and modern detail; i attribute outstanding service and the visual aid of bringing out the meat cart to old fashioned food industry techniques. It paired nicely with the technology at our fingertips & the EDM playing. Foods:-- bread selection was phenomenal. We commented how its uniqueness piqued our interest. The truffle bread & the blue cheese ones were particularly delicious, but can't complain about lemon rosemary brioche or bacon bread! -- creamed corn: sweet & strangely addictive-- baked potato: too many fancy toppings...smoked gouda sauce, GTF outta here! I would've preferred good ol' sour cream & chives.-- filet: butterflied, perfect temperature, generously seasoned, tender. Absolutely delicious, definitely in my top 5 favorite filets. Biggest eyes-rolling-in-the-back-of-my-head moment: dessert. Sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream fashioned to look like a stick of butter. Mind equals blown. Describing it wouldn't do it justice. Suffice it to say, dinner here wouldn't be complete without an order. I still haven't seen any Gordon Ramsay shows, but I definitely know who he is now: a guy whose got almost 300 of our dollars, but who gave us a superb dining experience in return.
5	I ordered the 8 oz filet medium well with Mac and cheese and fingerling potatoes! My steak melted in my mouth like butter very juicy and cooked to perfection! The beer I had, Seef, amazing! Very romantic atmosphere as well!
3	Currently eating at steak. We got seated promptly everything was going well except that our food took like an hour to be served. I even took a nap! I ordered the chicken plate, it was ok the flavor was similar to Chipotle Mexican grill chicken. Not bad but I expected more from this place. The baked potato was ok too the pork belly on top of it is delicious!! The steak was good although one of the steaks was rare instead of medium rare but I guess that's always debatable. My friend got the sliders she was happy with them. She also ordered a mixed drink was delicious and outstanding! The staff was very prompt to get my plate to me after the long wait. But it was not very enjoyable I would have preferred to go somewhere else especially for the price being paid for these plates. This place is ok, just don't order the chicken it is not worth the price or time u have to wait to receive the food. Definitely skip this place! It's not all that and a bag of chips!!
5	I didn't know food could taste this good! I was so impressed with the overall experience at Gordon Ramsay Steak. We had made reservations and were promptly seated when we arrived. We were greeted by our server Charles and well taken care of. We decided to splurge and partake in the "Hells Kitchen Limited Edition Tasting Menu" as well as the pairings. It consisted of a scotch egg, potato & octopus salad, scallop risotto, roasted beef wellington, & a sticky toffee pudding. WOW! It was like I was punched in the mouth with awesome flavour when I tried my first bite of the scotch egg. The only part of the meal that was not amazing was the potato and octopus salad, too much mustard vinaigrette. At any other restaurant, and not paired with so much delicious awesomeness, it would have been great. The pairings with each meal was worth the extra price and the sommelier was supper friendly and knowledgable. She really knew her stuff! I think I am ruined for food after this experience. If you want to see what real service and great food is all about I suggest that you try this restaurant.Link to a photo of my menu (they let you keep it): http://www.yelp.ca/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-steak-las-vegas?select=pesHqvnnIS9mPx2TM2nUdA#pesHqvnnIS9mPx2TM2nUdA
5	Went there with my husband. Awesome experience and probably one of the best meals of my life.Cheesecake desert is heavenly!
5	WOW!  Just what Las Vegas didn't need was another steakhouse.  But this one is going to be around for a long time.  Very impressed with the menu, the restaurant is absolutely stunning, the food was great and the service was TOP NOTCH.  Nothing better than 4 people clearing your table of 4.  All around, a fantastic steakhouse with a lot to brag about.  Personally, I was not as impressed with the beef wellington as I had hoped, maybe it was too much hype.  But the steaks were amazing, the desserts were awesome, the sides were delicious... overall, a fantastic steakhouse and a great dinner.  I recommend the wagyu rib cap cut, amazing. Saving my money so I can go back again soon!
5	Let me be honest.  The beef wellington was aight.  But the ribeye, free high-end bread, appetizers and desserts (sticky toffee pudding and ice cream)....i would trade anything to eat this again.  I don't even mind Ramsay just yelling at me for hours if it means I can taste his ribeye again.
4	I was pretty happy about this Steakhouse (overall). I give it 3.5 stars, rounded to 4. Still hasn't hit the 5 star yet, due to the pricing of the food. Don't believe it's worth the value.My husband and I double dated with another couple and our bill came out to about $800 (averaging $200 per person) - kind of a hefty price tag for steak, if you ask me.HOWEVER, what makes this place stand out amongst the others was how formal and how professional they presented everything. Right off the bat, after the hostess walked us into the restaurant, we were given a tour of the restaurant (gorgeous decor, by the way!) and seated upstairs in a quiet room. Our server - and assistant duo were also very friendly, attentive, and great with us. (forgot their names though, unfortunately).  They really wanted to help and I appreciate how their main goal was to focus on us.They also did a presentation on a cart with all the different steaks, which helps clarify the different styles. I LOVED that!!!We ended up each ordering a steak, some sides, and appetizers to start -- which included the bone marrow (yum!) and others which I can't remember on the top of my head. The bone marrow was rather delish -- never expected myself to like Bone marrow!Also I thought it was professional that the "drink" menu was to be ordered on the iPad. I think that's very progressive thinking. Loved those parts of the restaurant and it makes it unique.Overall, my steak and food were good. Would recommend if you're ok with spending $200/per person easy and enjoy delicious food and service.
5	Seriously one of the best meals I've ever eaten. Ordered the Wellington, chorizo stuffed lobster tail, onion soup, green salad & rib eye. All absolutely amazing! Service was awesome place was cool worth every penny. If you are havin hard time thinking prices are high it's def worth it. Will go back my next Vegas trip!
5	The steak was extremely good. Cooked to perfection. The server was amazing!  Reservations are a must if you don't want to eat in the lounge area. Would highly recommend this as a must while in Vegas.  You will not be disappointed.  Also, they have a very good selection of drinks. From mild to wild. Great atmosphere too. Your wish is their command.
5	Oh Gordon Ramsay, how I secretly love your ballistic rantings to sub par kitchen staff on television! And I also love your food!My recent trip to Vegas was highlighted by an excellent meal at Gordon Ramsay Steak, where the service was BEYOND excellent and the food, delicious! There were so many layers of flavors going on, my palate was desperately trying to figure out how they could work so well together. First let's address the service. We had an 8pm reservation and were told to wait in the bar while our table was being prepared. When I saw my favorite tequila Clase Azul behind the bar,  I knew I was in a for a treat here, so naturally that's how I started my visit. We were seated about 5 minutes later in an upstairs table overlooking the main restaurant and our server was there within 2 minutes to greet us. And after that point, I don't believe there was a 15 sec period of time where someone from the wait staff or maitre de were not walking by quietly observing our table to make sure we had everything we needed. It was amazing honestly. My partner was a bit clumsy and dropped his knife. Two minutes later a new knife appeared. He dropped his spoon an hour later, boom, new spoon and napkin. Great service indeed!The food now is a whole new topic because frankly it was divine. I started with a  lobster sausage appetizer and my partner had the blue crab soup. Both were excellent and the soup had a small amount of "heat" to it, not overwhelming but just enough for a little kick. Next up I decided to go with the Gordon classics, Beef Wellington while my partner had a NY Strip and two sides. Mac and Cheese and the most incredible Brussels Sprouts I think I've ever tasted. I had to ask the waiter how they were made and he revealed they were finished with bacon and apple cider vinegar. Nice!  The beef wellington was excellent as was my friends steak. But the absolute star of the night is the Sticky Toffee Pudding, another of Gordon's classics. Holy Mother Mary of God! The cake was light but filled with the most delicious toffee sauce I've ever tasted! Do yourself a favor and save room for this dessert because it is worth every calorie!This is truly a special night out meal when you're in Vegas, and surprisingly since we didn't order wine and only had a few cocktails the meal was not that expensive considering where you are dining. But of course I'm coming from a NY cost of living mentality so bare that in mind, but this is definitely a place I'll book again.
4	Heard a lot of great things about this restaurant going into this meal.  I was unsure if the reviews for his restaurants were being based off of his popularity as a TV personality.  This had me a little worried.  The meal turned out to be pretty spectacular. I had the kobe rib cap and my husband had the wellington.  We share some potatoes.  The steaks are of top notch quality and executed perfectly.  The rib cap I had never come across on another menu so I wanted to give it a try.  Very interesting cut, it has the buttery  goodness of a filet but the marbling and flavor of a rib eye. Outstanding.  He also really knows how to cook potatoes.  I'm a potato snob (if there is such a thing)  he does it right.  They have a pretty solid Strawberry Martini on the menu as well. I would definitely go back if there weren't so many options in Vegas.   The one downside to my meal (husband also agreed), there is a section in the back left of the restaurant, it's almost like a little hallway. We were seated in this area.  Lets just say that the tables are very close together and I got a lot of the waiters ass is my face.  Made the experience uncomfortable.
5	Absolutely love this place!  The food was everything I had hoped for.  I decided to try the Beef Wellington,  after watching his show Hell's Kitchen for years I wanted to see if it lived up to the hype.  I was not disappointed!   The beef melted in my mouth and the flavors were perfect without being over powering.  Looking forward to going back!
4	We've been here 3x and will still come back for more. The place is awesome, steak made perfectly right to your satisfaction.
1	Everything you expect is normal at a high end steak house.  Greeted by an army of hostesses and one walks you to your table.  Now this is when the restaurant fails.  A waiter turns from another table and taps on our table and says "I will be right there."   So we sat for 15 minutes with no menu, no beverages, and a fully staffed restaurant and were basically ignored.  I couldn't take it anymore so I had to get a different waiter from the other tables to help us.  The guy was great and very knowledgeable.  30 minutes later our original waiter comes by during our appetizers and did the meat cut showing.  He says it's part of the experience of being there.  So I guess the experience is ignore your customers, show me raw meat during my eating and show me cuts of meats after I have already ordered.  Then came the biggest disappointment of the night, my rib eye boned in piece of leather.  The meat was so tough, you have to saw into it just to eat.  I never sawed into a medium rare steak ever in my life.  I asked for a sharper knife but they only carried cerrated butter knives at this steak house.  I do recommend the coffee, it was excellent.  Dinner for two $350 bill for good coffee.  By the way, the beef Wellington, the crust is supposed to be flaky not soggy.  Will not recommend or return to this place.  For a guy that prides on running a restaurant correctly, this was such a failed experience.
2	My husband and I did not like the service. I think the server tried but I think we didn't have good attention because we were seated upstairs. It's very awkward for the servers because the kitchen is downstairs. They have to constantly go up and down for every little item. The waiter brought up our drinks and realized he forgot the straws and said he would be back with them. It took 5 minutes to come back.  We were seated for almost 10 minutes before given a menu.  It's weird that the hostess who seats you doesn't hand out the menus.  My husband had to flag down a different waiter to place our order.  We ordered blue crab soup, pork belly and oysters as appetizers.  We ordered the  beef Wellington and bone in ribeye along with mushrooms and Brussels sprouts and the bone marrow.  My husband says his ribeye was so tough he had to "saw" his way through.  The crust on my beef Wellington was soggy!  The filet inside was cooked well and was tender.  So I ate the inside and left out the puff pastry.  Very disappointing. The Brussels sprouts were tasty but undercooked and hard to bite into. Bone marrow was rich as expected but nothing extraordinary. Mushrooms were earthy.  Pork belly was good.  Dessert, I ordered the sticky toffee pudding. It's not really pudding but a date cake with toffee syrup. It was probably the only fantastic thing I had that night.  Everything else was just average.
5	Came here with my family and our overall experience was great. Their service is #1, our waiter was extremely patient with us because we were very indecisive. One of the cool thing we loved was the part when he showed us all the different types of meat. The food was pretty good, would come back!
5	This is an over the top unique restaurant..that "nails" it on almost everything....and I'm giving it yelps highest grade...but I'm not certain I'd ever return. Its almost an exhausting gastronomic experience....I walked away from here completely satisfied....very very full.....yet almost mentally drained. Its a really happening place.  Its noisy...dark..hustle-bustle. we didn't really care for the atmosphere...not relaxing at all....our table was very close to the waiters pick up station..constant commotion going on.... the food is off the charts terrific...... .Christopher,our waiter, was very very good. Knew the ins and outs of the menu. Even in the frenzied atmosphere he took the time to walk us through everything we needed to know. Drinks are robust and made perfectly. the bread is almost a meal onto itself....he explained what we were getting.....soooo good! as apps...the british ale onion soup,the blue crab soup and the Caesar salad got high grades. My wife had the fishermans grill/lobster,mussels and scallop mix and loved it. my son,daughter  and I each had the roasted beef wellington...fantastic! Christopher explained twice why we didn't want beef wellington for 2..so we each had our single portion. you can't make this at home! mac and cheese side dish was fabulous. you must save room for the sticky toffee pudding for dessert..we shared....almost puts you in a sugar induced coma. All this comes at a high price but we all left here happy. this is definitely NOT your fathers old stodgy steakhouse.
5	We started our night off with the Maine Lobster that was stuffed with Chorizo. So Amazing!  The sauce was so good I would eat any vegetable if it was dipped in that sauce!  The lobster was so tasty.  The bread that was brought out after out appetizer was really good and the butter with the salt on it was also delicious. We then had the beef Wellington. Worth. The. Wait. It says 45 minutes to cook but it really didn't feel that long at all. The beef was cooked perfectly and it just melted in your mouth. The baked potato side was so good with the Gouda cheese on it. The star of our night was the sticky toffee pudding!  So amazing!  I could eat that desert all day long it was so good. If I wasn't so full I would have probably had another!  Highly recommend!!!!
5	5 th visit here, my wife and I really enjoy this place. The Food is allays top quality, Meets & Seafood. We have even done the tasting menu. This is differently not the place to go if you want a quick steak. Its more of experience to be savored. the wait staff is on point to make recommendations on everything from appetizers and wines to the well presented coffees and deserts. If you are considering a night out with friends and the food and service need to be top shelf. This is the place.
5	After hanging out by the pool all afternoon, my man and I were really looking forward to a good meal. We're avid fans of Gordon Ramsay's tv shows so Steak was definitely on our must-eat list for this trip to Vegas! We didn't get there until nearly 10pm so we assumed our best bet was sitting at the bar and ordering from their bar menu. We walked in and there was also a cute "dining" area in the bar area which was mostly full (the dining room wasn't full at all at this time of night). We sat down in the bar area and much to our surprise we were able to order from the full menu! Our server was really helpful, gave us great recommendations on steak (he got the American Kobe Rib Cap and I got the American Kobe Filet, both excellent!). We ordered the gnocchi and the pork belly to start, the gnocchi had really great flavor and the pork belly melted in your mouth. With our steaks, we split the Mac and cheese. It was perfectly cooked but had blue cheese in it. We may not have ordered it if we had full read the ingredients, but it was still very tasty. Lots of cheese and not too saucy. We looked at the dessert menu, but after such an amazing meal we were too full! But the couple next to us ordered the sticky toffee pudding and it looked delicious, just like something I've had in England! One nice touch that we both appreciated, was that the wait staff gave a full explanation of your food as they served it to you. Everyone was very friendly and answered all our questions about Gordon Ramsay. Haha :) My parents dry age their own steak, so I know how nice and tender a steak can be and both of our steaks really exceeded my expectations. I'd definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good steak and a nice dining atmosphere.
5	I have been meaning to try Gordon Ramsay's Steak for some time now and finally got the opportunity this past weekend. Everything about our experience here was exceptional. We were greeted at the hostess stand and only had to wait a few minutes before we were seated. There were a few other diners waiting with us that seemed to think shorts, t-shirt and sandals are appropriate for "business casual" and I was happy to see the head host approach them about it. I understand that it's 110 degrees in Vegas in the summer, but don't go to a fine steakhouse in your gym clothes people. After we were sat in a quiet room upstairs, we were greeted moment later by our server Shaun, who was delightful and attentive throughout the whole meal. His suggestions were on point and really added to our experience. There were three people in our party and we all decided to try something different and pass a few tastes around the table.A few comments on the drinks; We started the evening with some cocktails. We tried the Vesper, the Sidecar and a third drink I can't remember off hand. All the drinks were well made and really not all that expensive considering the quality of liquors used. We had a bottle of wine to do with dinner as well. I'm a big fan of Bordeaux, which the wine list had in spades. Both Shaun and the Sommelier had some brilliant suggestions and the wine we ended up getting was excellent at a good price point. The Sommelier knew the encyclopedic wine list like the back of his hand and shared a few interesting facts with us about the particular vineyard we chose. A few comments on the food; Wow, truly exceptional. The bread service had an interesting spread of choices from a foccacia to brioche which was a real treat. We ordered the pork belly and the gnocchi as an appetizer,both of which were phenomenal. For our entree we ordered the signature beef wellington, the 24oz dry aged ribeye, and a dry aged filet. The Wellington easily lived up the hype and was a favorite at our table. The ribeye was absolutely incredible and cooked to perfection. The filet could have benefited from a sauce in my opinion, and there are several options for that on the menu, we just didn't order anyway. We also ordered the fingerling potatoes, mac and cheese and the creamed corn. All three were excellent, however our eyes were bigger than our stomachs and we could not finish them. Despite being stuffed to the gills, we still ordered the Sticky Toffee Pudding and boy are we glad we did. It was a great cap to an already extraordinary meal. The whole experience, start to finish, was a wonderful experience all around. My praises to the entire crew at Steak for running a restaurant worthy of Gordon Ramsay's name. Thank you for the incredible effort and pride you put into your work.
4	We all know Gordon Ramsey. The ill tempered celebrity chef from England made a name for himself. When I think of him, he isn't smiling or laughing. I think of angry eyes, wrinkles on the forehead, and fire coming out of his mouth. That imagery to me, is more laughable than scary. But truly, Gordon Ramsey did make a name for himself, literally. The guy names his restaurants after his name. Gordon Ramsey at The London, and this blog post, Gordon Ramsey Steak at Paris. You must be pretty full of yourself if you name your restaurants after your first name. If Gordon Ramsey has the audacity to put him name (again, literally) on his restaurants, he must be pretty confident in it. With that kind of thinking, I expect top notch flavors and cuisine.Ramsey's vision to transport you to the U.K. is accomplished through the "English Channel." This is exactly what it does. You are transformed from Paris to the UK, just like the real thing! The inside really does transport you to England. The red accents and obviously, the U.K. flag gave it that ambiance.Another thing that was cool was the beverage selection. The menu is on an iPad and guests can swipe through craft beers, wines, and cocktails. The price and drink description are all available. This was an experience in itself, which probably pushed me to order the Primm's Cup.The night started with a cocktail. The Primm's Cup was the cocktail of choice. It had Primm's No. 1 and sparkling lemonade. It had a complex flavor and wasn't too sweet. It was spicy and had a fruity citric flavor. I wanted something with a little bite so that it went well with a steak. The Primm's Cup wouldn't be my first choice if it was enjoyed alone. For a meal though, I think this was a successful choice.We were given complimentary bread. This was a good start -- it was some of the best and most flavorful of restaurant complimentary breads. There was walnut bread; lemon, thyme, and olive focacia; and pancetta and mushroom truffle bread roll. This was accompanied with and English Devonshire butter with sea salt. If not the bread, this butter was amazing. It had a cheese like consistency and flavor. My ultimate goal now was to find English Devonshire butter back in L.A. A "shmeer" of this stuff on the bread was purely exceptional. The pop of the sea salt and the creamy butter was purely eventful in my mouth. Sometimes, all a man needs is good butter and good bread. This was surely a great start.Another item I wanted to start off with was the bone marrow. A personal favorite at any restaurant, I was happy to see it on the menu. The fatty bone marrow on the crostini was delightful. The chimichurri was zesty and added the acidity to the dish. It was a perfect flavor meld of fat and fat.The waiter came to our table with a display of steaks. All of the steaks were real, and displayed to show texture, and marbling. This was nearly useless to me as I was going to order the beef Wellington, but useful to others not knowing what to order. Table side presentation of steaks, as Wolfgang Puck's CUT does it is an added wow factor. It is cool to see your steak as is before its cooked off.My main dish of course, was the roasted Beef Wellington. Being Gordon Ramsey's signature dish, I was overly excited to try it. Seeing up and coming, "red team, blue team" contestants mess this up time and time again, it was almost like a super star. The beef was cooked perfectly to a medium rare, and soft as ever can be. The beefy flavor was enhanced by the duxelles (mixture of minced mushrooms, onions, shallots, herbs, and butter) inside the flaky crust. Sitting on aside some root vegetables, potato puree, and a red wine demi glace, the entire dish was savory to a great degree. Steakhouses are one of many in Vegas, and the typical bone in ribeye was getting boring. I am glad I ordered and tried the Beef Wellington. Surprisingly, I liked it. Beef Wellington form Gordon Ramsey can now be checked off from the bucket list.A perfect side dish was the mac and cheese. This may be one of my favorite mac and cheeses of all time! The combination of cheddar, blue cheese, parmesan, and truffle made this perfectly balanced taste. The cheese blend was unctuous and the noodles had a perfect texture. I normally prefer the southern style man and cheese -- the one that is custardy and cheddar molested. Gordon Ramsey Steak's mac and cheese impressed me a lot. I would take this over any other mac and cheese out there.Another dish I couldn't pass up was the Maine lobster. The chorizo stuffed Maine lobster was poached in butter. To top it all off, it sat in a pool of brandied lobster cream sauce. The lobster was cooked perfectly and had a nice chew to it. The chorizo wasn't overpowering, and the lobster just shined. The rich butter and cream sauce was decadent and flavorful. I as expecting a small lobster piece of a tail, but it was quite large. Screw the steak! I'll just eat this for protein.
5	Wow is about all I can say. Great service and fantastic food, everything we had was top notch. Try the Beef Wellington, it's their signature dish and it's fantastic.
5	Inside Caesar's Palace, Gordon Ramsey's Pub is a great place for some grub. The hamburger was delicious and the T-Bone was better than anything I had in Utah and I loved every piece of red meat in Utah. Two thumbs UP!
5	Went to Gordans steakhouse with the family and friends. Food was really good but quite expensive. Service was great and the restaurant was beautiful. Most Everything is a la carte. It was really cool When they brought out a meat cart and present the different cuts of steak they offer. We had a big party and had to split a check for our family and they really messed it up. He said it was ok to tip in cash and charge the rest of the bill onto the credit card. We were charged for tip on our credit card after we gave the waiter cash for the tip. We called the restaurant and had to get it fixed. It all could've been avoided if he had remembered to take the gratuity out of the total. I guess we all are human and make mistakes. All in all I Wouldn't mind coming here again.
5	Pimm's cup is really great. My sister and I shared a 8oz filet and Maine lobster, both tasty.
4	Okay. I won't go into detail about our entire experience, but I will point a few things out that I would like to have known pre-dining. We had a reservation and I am glad we did. This place was packed. We sat upstairs, right next to the staircase so we were able to not only look over the entire room, but we got to watch the food servers struggle to carry all of the food up the stairs for every table on the second level. Very entertaining. This place is open and loud and the club music that is piped-in only adds to the noise level. When your waiter asks if you would like a bottle of sparkling or plane water you may also opt for a bottle of house or tap water. We were not given the third option, but when asked if we would like a second bottle I asked about the different looking bottle that sat on a few surrounding tables and was informed that that way "just tap water", to which I replied "We will have one of the tap waters". Not a big deal, its done everywhere but GR bottled water is 8 bucks a bottle. That cuts into my cocktail budget. Our apps and steaks were perfect. We each ordered an addition of marrow for our steaks. One would have been enough for both of us. Kinda felt like the Fintstones with two BIG plates of at least 4 marrow bones, 4 to 5 inches each squeezed onto our 2 top with cocktails, entrees, bottle of water (tap) and water glasses. Server was a bit robotic, but the well prepared food was good enough to overcome that flaw. Pricey as expected. A great meal all around.
5	This was everything I expected...absolutely the best. Beef Wellington is a MUST HAVE! I'm so so glad I was able to experience this wonderful place. The one bad thing was I felt little separated from the rest of the restaurant being in the corner with other a few other couples.
5	Our 10 year anniversary! Amazing experience!!! The attention to detail was out of this world. Sergio was so attentive, went out of his way to make sure our anniversary was stellar, and even orchestrated a picture with the head chef. Thank you Sergio, we will be back, and being more friends with us. Larry
2	We love the show and Ramsey ' s unwillingness to except anything less than perfection. That being said I was disappointed with my meal. To start I had the octopus fingerling salad. The octopus was wonderful.  Tender not chewy. Also tried the fried oysters they too were great, onto the main which took too long to arrive. We ordered the short ribs, skirt steak and I had the lamb duo so it's not like we ordered the beef wellington. My lamb was cold I ordered it med rare but it came rare which adds to why it was cold. The portions were on the small side but I will overlook such things in exchange for excellence which is what I expected but was sadly let down. The best for me was the bone marrow I ordered as a side. Service was okay. Over all it was hit and miss and over priced.
5	Party of 4 on a Monday evening.  Busy but not too crazy.  Like the open kitchen layout.I went in knowing exactly what I wanted --- the famous beef wellington.  It takes 45 minutes to prepare.  I asked if I could order that as soon as we got seated, but the server told us that the chefs request everything ordered together.  The server brings by raw samples of all the cuts, which is quite impressive.Started off with some bread, which was delicious.  Warm, crispy, a couple of different varieties --- personal fav was the one with pancetta baked in.Started off with the pork belly appetizer, which was phenomenal.   For our group, we each probably got 1.5 bites, so it's not a huge portion, but sufficient for a taste.Then we got our steaks.  No complaints from anyone.  The wellington was amazing ---  filet mignon medium rare inside that incredible pastry crust.  I watched a bunch of Youtube clips on how Ramsay makes it, and I almost expected to be disappointed given my insanely high expectations.  Nope.  Surpassed it.  Every bite was moist and flavorful (and again, it's filet mignon, which often has no taste if not done right).We were way too full for dessert.  Fantastic meal, great location, friendly servers.  Probably a lifetime top 3 steak for me.
5	Dinner was amazing. Very fun atmosphere. The staff was very attentive and took great care of us. Can't wait to go back !
5	We wanted to try here after watching Hells Kitchen for a few series, and as my parents were in town we booked a few months in advance. When we arrived they were running behind, but not a problem as we checked out the bar. We were seated at one of the booths by the kitchen (well worth the wait), and presented with a fantastic steak selection and explanation. We all decided on the tasting menu, and as my wife is pregnant, the head chef even agree to cook the beef Wellington medium well. The barman made a fantastic non alcoholic cocktail also so we all felt very much spoiled. I would recommend coming here for a nice meal or special occasion.
5	Great food , nice place and great service!!! Will recommend . The highlight of my trip
5	We ordered unbelievable sauteed brussel sprouts, sauteed mushroom, seriously outstanding Beef Wellington & steak, unbeatable cappuccino.Great service, and romantic booth seat upstairs.Well worth spending every penny in a special night here :)Best meal EVER!
5	Outstanding food.... The also offer a Hells Kitchen tasting menu
2	Came here on a Monday night. The atmosphere is nice and the service was excellent. We ordered the Foie Gras appetizer which was very good. We ordered the Bone-In Rib Eye 24 oz Steak which was huge and cooked perfectly. We got the bone marrow as a side which complemented the steak well.I ordered the beef wellington but it lacked seasoning which was a little disappointing. There is a lot of hype about this dish, especially with the price and time required for its preparation, but I did not want to finish the second half of it. We ordered creamed spinach on the side which tasted okay. I hate to mention this because this is a really nice establishment, but we later found a 2" piece of plastic wrapper buried in it when finishing the rest of our meal in the hotel room. We don't normally treat ourselves to a fine meal but the night that we did, did not impress us.
1	Waiter took his time coming by after we sat down, then only brought us the tasting menu because the full menu was "too much to handle all at once"Took us all of 30 seconds to read the five-item tasting menu, then we sat around waiting for the server come back. 20 minutes later, we got up and walked out.Completely different experience from Aureole, where we ate the night before.
4	The food was decent, service was outstanding for the most part. We had a couple different really tasty dishes. We ordered the Osso Buco as our main entree but we're not impressed. The service was a bit more aggressive than is required for a 4-star restaurant.
5	Best meal ever! We did the appetizer and side dish circuit so as not to eat too heavy before night life. Last reservation is 1015. Pork belly with cheese grits, foie gras, oysters on half shell , Mac and cheese with truffles and spinach all yummy! Impressed!
5	I am sold on this beef wellington.  It was awesome.  Flavor was perfect as it melted in your mouth.  I can't wait to come back to Vegas to give it a try again.  Lets not forget dessert.  Sticky toffee pudding.  I recommend pouring all the brown butter sauce on the pudding.  yummmmmmy.  Might need a coffee with it if you got room.
3	So far the good has been good but it is very loud!  Hard to hear the waiter or my dinner partner sitting directly across from me.  The music needed to be turned down.  Very frustrating and stressful experience.
4	I am a fan of Ramsay and let me say I got what I paid for. Tried the beef Wellington plate. It was worth the wait of 45 mins! I loved that on the menu it stated how long the plate took to cook, everything tasted great from simple fries to the main entree. We didn't have a reservation but the host advised there was a lounge area available. I had my son and was a bit unsure if it would be appropriate to sit there but they allowed us to look before saying yes. It was 5 little dark tables by the main restaurant and bar, very convenient. More families where seated there throughout the my wait. The only reason I don't give 5 stars is I don't feel the restaurant was design for families, despite the fact we enjoyed our meal and there was other families there next to the lounge are we all seemed a bit uncomfortable. I get it is inside the casino and so are the other 2 Ramsay's restaurants. All 3 are very fancy and the tables are right next to each other, so even if they allow kids it doesn't give room for enjoyment. Loved the food and would definitely come back and pay $140 for 2 people!!
1	Have never been treated so rudely by someone in my entire life. I have been looking forward to eating at the restaurant my entire vacation. We were on time for our reservations but the table wasn't ready. So they escorted us to the "lounge" where I didn't even order a drink. The bartender asked for my id where I am above the legal age. They made me stand up while my family is at the bar "waiting" for our table when none of us had ordered a drink all because I didn't have my id on me. So disrespectful and embarrassing. When I asked the manager if I can sit with my family she told me no. We ended up walking out and she had to have the last word and told us to leave as if we weren't on our way out. I honestly think if Gordon Ramsay were to be there he'd be furious and make sure that lady would be gone.
4	Gordon Ramsay Steak is an expensive restaurant - don't expect to spend under $100 per person and probably more.  As such it needs to be perfect, and it isn't.On the plus side, the steaks were flavorful and the meat quality couldn't be beat.  The service was impeccable, the side dishes top notch, and the water glass constantly refilled. The breads were A-1.  One of our two drinks - a sidecar - was excellent (they use apricot jam but it was still fine), but now to the minuses.  .The other drink was pedestrian at best - almost tasteless despite fresh mint and lime.  Their American Kobe beef was very tasty but their standard variety was no better than less costly places.  The music was too modern for my taste and so loud at times that conversation was difficult (the volume kept going up and down).  Even our waiter had trouble hearing our order.On balance, Steak was a good experience and better than almost any other restaurant I have been to this year, but even for Las Vegas, it was expensive.  Only a personal visit from Gordon Ramsay would have made it a good value, but alas he was not present.
4	Went here for our honeymoon. Loved the food. Excellent. Had the bone in ribeye, fantastic (but have had better). The thing that really took away from the experience was the atmosphere. Loud/party music, can't really carry on a conversation. Not ideal for a romantic meal.
5	In the world of celebrity chefs, Ramsay tops my list. Gordon Ramsay Steak was everything I expected it to be. I left fat and happy. (We won't mention that I arrived fat and happy, too!)Gorgeous upstairs booth with booth walls that stretched up about 10 feet, overlooking the downstairs area with a wild red glass art piece hanging as the centerpiece of the restaurant. Impeccable food:--Corn and lobster soup--Foie gras--Beef Wellington (the steak was so tender and perfectly cooked!)A bread plate with 4 types of special rolls/bread and butter topped with salt. Too full to try dessert. My daughter had a french onion soup and some mac and cheese that was to die for. I don't even like mac and cheese. This was so good I'd order it next time.A splurge that was well worth every penny. My only request would be for quieter music, but music blasts everywhere at Vegas, so I got used to it. I didn't like it, but I accepted it. Still, that couldn't put a damper on a fabulous meal. I'd go back any day.
3	Overall food experience not as expected. Table for 6, food took a little bit too long to arrive. Burgers and fries are not the best thing u will ever experience. Salad is just ok. Steak looked nice, but u really pay for the name and fame...
5	Love it, been there several times now and will continue to return!Sticky Toffee Pudding= AWESOME!
5	This was hands-down the best food I've ever eaten. Had the pork belly appetizer, fresh oysters (I'm an oyster connoisseur...these are the best, FRESHEST I've ever eaten) beef wellington, and seafood plate (can't remember the actual name of the dish.) Drinks were fabulous. Portions were perfect. Oh, and the dessert! Sticky pudding is to die for.Eating here was an awesome experience...in itself worth the trip.
5	It's Hells Kitchen-esq with no yelling (I would have liked to have heard some yelling). It's definitely a themed environment. The foie gras was the highlight for me. great drinks, the bread, the butter, the STEAK! It was an awesome experience.
4	It's a late review but I came here in May 2014. Let me tell you that the dessert was life changing! You have to order that sticky toffee pudding and I'm so glad I did even though we were both really full. And I'm the kinda girl that loves Ribeye. Not filet mignon or beef Wellington. The waiter recommended me to get the Rib cap and I was swept head over heels with that piece of meat. Delicious cut! My date ordered Beef Wellington. We also ordered some sides like mushrooms, spinach, Mac and cheese. Nothing was that memorable besides the Foie gras. HOWEVER overall, it was salty. Every single dish. If they eased up on the salt, I may have enjoyed it more because the meat was definitely a good cut. But I've had better for that price range. My favorite is still Maestros steakhouse. What earned the 4 star was that memorable dessert- sticky toffee pudding!
5	I'm a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay and have wanted to eat at one of his restaurants forever. Let me tell you, it was well worth the wait! We had his famous beef wellington, which was to die for! The atmosphere was awesome, servers and waiters were incredibly nice and informative. I can't wait to go back!
3	This  high end steak place is good but not great, the food is  good, but compared to other high end steak places the flavors can not compare. I ordered the bone in rib eye, it was cooked perfectly but the flavor wasn't so good. I asked for drawn butter as I always do when I order high end steak, instead the waiter offered me a herb butter which  did not taste good ( I later find out I was charged for the 4 slices of butter) .  The service was good  but I  would not recommend this place.
5	Must say, I am going to be a bit cliche. But I am in the business and this place rocks. Jonah was our server and the food was great. Loud for atmosphere,  but to me that means it's packed for a reason. Mac was good, steak was great, gnocchi was tasty. Pricy, not a place to take the kids for a quick bite but worth every penny.
4	The food was amazing.  I would have given this 5 stars except that the staff and service were not very good.We were seated in the back, offset from the cooking station.  The first problem with this area was this is also the area the servers congregate to place orders and talk.  I watched multiple servers talk after we were seated (including our own) and ignore us for a few minutes so that they could continue their conversation.  Because I was facing the serving station, I watched all of the interactions between staff - instead of my husband.  We were here on our honeymoon and the staff interactions drew my attention away from my new spouse.The second issue I had with the staff was the distinction between servers and busers.  Our buser appeared to be an African immigrant and was treated very poorly by the servers.  I watch multiple servers yell at him, and tell him to keep up with his work as they laughed and carried on.  He was still very jovial in spite of the fact that he was constantly yelled at.  He treated the guests (and us) far better then our server, but I was highly disturbed by the treatment.  I watched one server pick up a dirty napkin from a table and throw in on a pile of clean napkins that this gentleman was folding and walk away.  The "class disparity" is just unacceptable.My final issue with the server is two-fold: first, the server was not clear about the difference between bottled water and tap water.  We had no idea we ordered bottled water until we got a bill for $9/bottle.  Second, I told the server I had a nut allergy and he served me bread with nuts.  When I asked him if there were nuts in the bread, he blamed the African buser who came over and apologized.The food was excellent (by far the best steak I have ever had), but I really wish the experience was a better one.
4	GR Steak has been on my to do list for quite sometime. It took a guys' night and a birthday to finally get us to come in. As locals, we can appreciate celebrity chefs, but tend to save them for the special occasions. When I had made the reservations, it was rather easy. When it came time to alter them, it became a hassle. We had people drop off, join on, and all over the place. The restaurant took my credit card number for our large party and warned us about the $25 per person charge if we failed to notify them about any changes before the dining date.When the day came, our group came in spurts and so some of us waited at the bar until a majority came. Once sat, we saw that we were upstairs in the more private style rooms. Everyone must have been doing guys' night because it was a room full of men enjoying steaks. My biggest issue with our dining experience has to do with seating. The flat seating with larger parties of 6 or more tends to slow down service. It took some time from getting sat to being able to order drinks. Part of it was due to our party not being complete, but sitting with beverages would have made it unnoticeable. I like the pace of the dining experience. Instead of pushing us to dine and get out, we were allowed to converse as we dine. The meat cart came around and the explanation of each cut and what makes them unique for varying palates was informative.The drinks are presented on an Ipad. Their selection of whiskey, bourbons, and scotches is well rounded. Bookers, Glenlivet 12, and Oban 15 range from $12-$14. For our table of seven; three ordered the 24oz. bone in ribeyes, 2 6oz. beef wellingtons, 1 14oz. NY strip, and an 8oz. filet. The wellington is prefaced with a 45 minute cooking time and a medium rare temp. After our late start, some of us were getting antsy about timing, but it was not a huge deal. The temp was over medium, but the filet was tender and the puff pastry was not too thick. Paired with the bourbon cream corn, it was enjoyable. I ended up splitting with one of my friends who got a ribeye and enjoyed his steak immensely. Especially with the roasted bone marrow. The topping of foie gras is beautiful as well. We also got the loaded baked potato, brussel sprouts, asparagus, and mushrooms for sides to share. There was some leftovers on most of the items, but I made sure to clear the corn and bone marrow. We were all in pain by the time dessert came around. This was not a light meal by any means. I wish I had room for sticky toffee pudding, but all I could take was an espresso. Their coffee service comes with their complimentary ABC spoons. A for Amaretto white chocolate, B for Bailey's milk chocolate, and C for Chambord dark chocolate. They are shots encased in a bonbon and delicious.
4	Get a reservation early, but the full menu is also served in the lounge.  Rather humorously if you order a lot given the small tables.  By the way, am I alone in thinking beef wellington is an antique food from the '70s that's normally served at places with faux mahogany walls, red pleather booths and plastic tablecloths?  It's like the instagram "1977" filter for food.  Or has this been a thing all along, and I'm just not that cool?  Wait, no don't answer that.
4	I'm surprised that I find myself writing this review. To start, I don't eat red meat. On top of that, I much prefer a little hole-in-the-wall to a restaurant boasting a chef's name. That being said, trying Gordon Ramsay's Beef Wellington was on my boyfriend's bucket list, so here I am. First off, the staff at Steak are incredibly accommodating. We originally made a reservation for three, but my sister ducked out at the last minute. Not a problem for them. We also showed up about 25 minutes early and were seated at the bar first. When our table was ready, they allowed us to finish up our cocktails and appetizer before we headed upstairs. By the time we reached our table, I had managed to convince my sister to join us after all. Our server was incredibly flexible with us yet again. Likewise, they were very welcoming to my non-red-meat-eating soul, as they explained the options for me and adjusted our selection of breads to have fewer featuring pancetta and more loaded with truffles! The table in front of us further evidenced their accommodating nature. The woman seated across from us didn't find her chair to be comfortable, so they substituted it for another style of chair. When that wasn't to her liking and she traded seats with her husband (right back to the original throne-like chair), they switched the table setting around for her. Please don't be that person, but, if you must, the folks at Steak will take care of you!On to the food and drinks: The cocktails were excellent. I ordered a Southside, and was made a Sidecar by mistake, but I enjoyed it thoroughly so I completely excused that. (When I actually got a Sidecar, that was delicious too.) We decided to start with the Truffle Mac N' Cheese as a an appetizer. Great call! Very rich and creamy. To kill time before my sister arrived, we split a Caesar Salad. Very tasty, though $17 for six unchopped pieces of lettuce and a few croutons makes me want to die a little inside. Ah, the irony of fancy food, more money, less food. The dinner roll selection was delicious. The Beef Wellington lived up to my boyfriend's high expectations, while the Fisherman's platter was a nice sampler of salmon, lobster, scallops, mussels, and Ahi tuna for me. My sister's Fish and Chips was spot on as well.All in all, we had a great dinner experience at Steak. It'll cost you, but it's worth savoring!
5	So I decided to give this place another try. This experience was totally different from the first one and some of it was the food but some of it was the awesome server we had. I had my original reservation at 6:30 PM and called at 4 PM to see if I can change it to 6:00 and they accommodated me. I ordered the gnocchi appetizer. I thought it was OK by bf liked them more than I did. There was something in that dish that I wasn't sure what it was. I think it was a mushroom but it was very chewy.What made this meal was the rib cap steak, it was way better than the porterhouse! It was seasoned perfectly and cooked just the way I asked, med. I also love their fingerling potatoes here. Some of them are fried I think and some are roasted, so I enjoy the different textures.  The asparagus has pesto so those are always good. The mushrooms were just OK as well as the peppercorn sauce. My bf loved both though.What made the meal was dessert! I had the peanut butter chocolate dessert; however, what was brought was the bread pudding. This time the wrong order was left on the table for us to enjoy and they still brought the correct dessert. Both desserts were delicious but the peanut butter one was better.Overall, I am glad i gave this place a second chance and will probably go again.The cool this about this place is if you show your players card (for that brand of hotels) they give you a discount on the food.
5	My girlfriend and I had been looking forward to having her birthday dinner here for weeks.  But we were having such a great time in Vegas, that when the day came, we got to our table around 8:30, with tickets for a show at 10.  When we quickly decided on an entree, I was very impressed that our server Donny picked up on the fact that we were in a hurry.  He asked when the show was, and put us at ease that not only would we make it, but that he would also make sure the birthday dessert came out of the kitchen right on time.  I just have to say that, part of the reason I'm so impressed is that we had an amazing meal (seriously, exceptional food) with time to get to the show, but the more surprising, important thing is that we had a server who was perceptive, confident and proactive enough to really make us feel comfortable so we could enjoy the experience.  Thanks Donny!
2	We went here based on the positive reviews, but I have to say that this place is overrated and overhyped. My husband and I went there for dinner and waited almost 30 minutes to be seated even though we had made a reservation well in advance. The waiter we had was standoffish, didn't make an effort to have a conversation with us or even smile! He also asked if we wanted sparkling water or still, which I assumed meant tap, so I selected the latter; later on we found out that the water alone cost $9! I didn't think the bread was anything special either and seemed too greasy. We ordered the jumbo prawn appetizer to share which was okay; I got the rib cap and my husband selected the American eye, which was essentially rib eye wrapped in bacon. His steak was cooked unevenly while mine was medium rare, the way I wanted it. I can't say that the rib cap was the best steak I ever had, but it wasn't bad either. On the other hand, the two side dishes were mediocre (the creamed corn was way too sweet as if they had emptied a bag of sugar in it and the macaroni and cheese tasted bland). I thought the dessert that everyone raved about (toffee pudding) was good but the accompanying ice cream tasted strange (too salty). I wouldn't return for the food since it was too expensive for what we got.
2	My wife and I had the Hell's Kitchen limited edition tasting menu with the wine pairing... It started out with a deep fried breaded quail egg as an amuse bouche, it was ok... Then it proceeded to an octopus salad, which was hopefully over cooked as opposed to stale, it was chewy and rubbery. When we pointed it out to our waiter, he did nothing about it... The Wellington was good and the desert was good, it was Ramsay's signature sticky toffee pudding... Overall the food was underwhelming, over-priced, the sommelier was disinterested and unengaging, and the wine pairing mismatched and cheap, the service was decent but the waiters weren't invested or caring about the quality of the food... At the end of the meal you get a signed Gordon Ramsay menu, which is a cool novelty! Almost $600 later and that's really all you're left with. I don't usually write reviews, good or bad, in this case both my wife and I had really enjoyed Ramsay's tasting menu at the London, NYC - so we had high expectations! We were thoroughly disappointed! Stay away from the HK tasting menu, not worth it!
4	The food was great! Beef Wellington for me and rib eye bone in steak for hubby. He also added the bone marrow (which is too rich for me), but he loved it. All the food was good, but I think we over ordered! 3 appetizers, 2 sides from our meal and a dessert, couldn't finish it! But overall a great experience!
5	First we started with 3 different kinds of Oysters, flown in fresh. which were all plump and with the different sauces were amazing.  For my main, I hadthe Beef Wellington (perfectly seasoned and cooked,  thank you Gordon!) and my wife had the rib eye steak.  She was going to have the Wagyu beef, but the waiter correctly advised her not to have that cut if she was not used to a lot of marbling, even though the rib eye was cheaper.Our sommelier, Jessica Waugh was very memorable since not only did she advised my wife to get a cheaper Brunello than she was going to order, which was incredible.  She was also nice enough to come back to the table and when we said what fans we were of Gordon Ramsay, she went out of her way to make sure we got to take home a couple of souvenirs.  Well done Jessica, and I told you I would post on Yelp!The dessert was the signiture sticky toffee pudding, which was very bad for my waistline but was worth worh cheating.We cannot wait to come back, but reserve early, this place is very busy.
5	We've been fans of Ramsay's tv shows and had always wanted to actually taste his food. We found ourselves in Vegas, staying at the Paris.  We finally had our chance to enjoy a Ramsay steakhouse and we were not disappointed.  The famous beef Wellington was not of this world. Amazing. Kobe A5 beef - melt in your mouth. Creamed corn, mushrooms, Mac and cheese, dear god it was all frigging awesome.  You don't get flavors like these cheaply and it was not cheap. But who cares?!  This was a wonderful experience and we can't wait to get back!
5	Ate probably the best meal I have ever had. I didn't do the Hells Kitchen menu and opted to pick my own dishes since I wants to try multiple apps, which the HK menu doesn't allow. I got the Wellington and highly suggest that for everyone. It is the signature steak dish. Probably the best cooked piece of meat I have ever ate. Very flavorful. I also had the risotto, scallops and crab cake apps. All were amazing. Service was major league. I like the steak choice presentation. Decor was appropriate as well as the lighting. Bar area could have been larger.
4	OVERVIEW: I went back and forth debating if I wanted to spend the money at GR Steak and figured I'd check this off my food bucketlist. Although service is amazing, it's pretty pricey and the food was good but not mind shattering.  Came out to a lil over $250 w/tip for the two of us. Would come back only for the dessert!LOCATION: Inside the Paris Casino. It has a huge "Gordan Ramsay Steak" sign so you can't miss it. If you're walking in from the Bally's walkway, it's to the right once you hit the casino. If you're coming in from the Eiffel Tower entrance from the strip, walk all the way to the back of the casino and it's on your left. RESERVATIONS: We booked on Thurs at 10pm. We got there a little early around 9:30 to see if they could get us in and were told the table will be ready at 10pm but we were welcome to stay at the bar. No biggie. We decided to walk around and gamble a bit and came back at 10pm. SEATING: Once we got in, our hostess told us the lights above mimic Gordan's hand movements as he makes the beef wellington. Cool? The lighting explains why most of the photos on yelp suck. The red lights give everything a dark red color to photos but using flash is too bright and distracting. SERVICE: AMAZING!  When I made the reservations, I made a comment it was my bday and everyone from the hostess to our waiters all wished me a happy bday :) (no freebies but still nice) Great that they actually read those comments! Both my bf and I were kind of fish out of water, a bit awk because we normally don't go to "fancy" restaurants. It was a bit overwhelming for us because it seemed like we had a couple servers. But the waiters were not snooty at all and nice! Heads up, they will come by and wipe down the table to keep it clean between each food course. I thought we were just super messy but they seemed to do that to most tables. Also just like on Hell's Kitchen, they served our entrees and side dish all at the same time. This is why we had multiple servers so they could have two people serve at the same exact time. FOOD:Bread: Comp bread. Sadly, I wasn't as in love with the bread as my fellow yelpers. There was variety of diff kinds and we actually didn't finish it. The butter was actually kind of hard so it was difficult to spread. Drinks: HK Antioxidant - it was good; very refreshingAppetizer: Half Dozen Oysters. These came 3 diff types (2 of each kind pre-seasoned)  2 types were East Coast and 1 was West Coast.  It was the first time I had oysters and they were SO good. They also came with a tiny bottle of Tabasco and side sauces. OMG it was so good and fresh! Main course: BEEF WELLINGTON FOR 1 - I was confused on yelp by the photos; some showed 1 piece and others showed 2 pieces. Mine did come with 2 pieces. I gave one to my bf and he gave me half of his AMERICAN RIB CAP. The beef wellington was honestly a bit clumsy to eat but the beef was SO tender, juicy and perfectly medium rare. I personally thought the meat itself was a little under-seasoned but it was pretty good. The puff pastry on top was perfect! The potato puree was more just a decoration, literally a couple of bites if you scrape it together. Vegetables were ok, they were strangely sweet and just a couple bites as well.   American Rib Cap- just comes as is. We were both a bit disappointed as it was tougher than we both had thought. It was ok but nothing amazing. We both preferred the wellington :)Side: Mac & Cheese - there are so many rave reviews about this mac& cheese on yelp but neither of us liked it :( It was bit cold when we got it and it was too dense and flavors didn't go well w/our meats. DESSERT: Sticky Toffee Pudding- don't miss out! This dessert itself deserves a 5 star. I was worried about it being a "date cake" but doesn't take like it! Perfect sweetness w/the icecream together. Perfect dessert to share for 2. TIPS AND SUCH:The wellington did take about 45 mins and they will time all the food to get to your table at the same time so unfortunately everyone else will wait on yours ;) It's not too bad since you'll get bread but plan on getting an app too. They have a Total Rewards pricing, so make sure you to bring your card. We weren't staying at Paris but it looked like you could charge to your room if you are. If you don't have a TR card, get one for free at any TR hotel; Bally's and Paris both have a counter.DRINK MENU:http://www.parislasvegas.com/content/dam/plv/Dining/Upscale/gordon%20ramsay/Gordon%20Ramsay/Paris-Las%20Vegas-Dining-Upscale-gordon-ramsay-Gordon%20Ramsay-Bar-7-2014.pdfDINNER MENU:http://www.parislasvegas.com/content/dam/plv/Dining/Upscale/gordon%20ramsay/Gordon%20Ramsay/Paris-Las%20Vegas-Dining-Upscale-gordon-ramsay-Gordon%20Ramsay-Dinner-7-2014.pdfDESSERT MENU:http://www.parislasvegas.com/content/dam/plv/Dining/Upscale/gordon%20ramsay/2014_Spring_Dessert_
5	I celebrated my 50th birthday here in October with 5 of my closest friends.  I had to make a reservation about 4 weeks in advance and got an early sitting at 5 PM. They gave me a reservation number which was efficient but told me if I cancelled after 24 hrs my credit card would be charged for $50 for each person.  I was Ok with that. From the moment we were greeted it was a wonderful experience.  I felt like I was on the Titanic.  I was greeted and wished a very happy birthday by the hostess and she took us to the elevator and we went upstairs where they had prepared our table which was a booth and two chairs added to the end.  Once we got off the elevator, staff were there to great us and each and everyone of them ( even those who were not serving us ) wished me happy birthday. It was first class!  Our server was Donny and he did an amazing job!  He ensured we were all a happy by starting us off with cocktails with the famous iPad.  I had done research on the menu and already knew what I wanted to order.  I had the English Garden and Pims cocktails.  The English Garden was refreshing, it had cucumber and basil.  And i couldn't resist the Pims, having lived in UK for many years, it is my favorite!  Most of my friends ordered a salad to start but I ordered the Lobster starter which was fabulous!   They of course brought out the meat tray and presented what was available . The tray even had mirrors on it so you could see the cut from anywhere you were sitting.  For main courses we ordered the Kobe Steak ( amazingly tender!), the beef wellington( brilliant!) and one of my friends ordered the salmon which she said was the best she ever had!  Then there were the sides. We ordered the mushrooms which were out of this world! Brussel Sprouts were good, spinach was cooked to perfection ( we ordered two) , but the best was the mac and cheese!  I don't normally like mac and cheese but seriously this was amazing!! I had never tasted mac and cheese like that!  The service was impeccable. We were never disturbed unless we really needed to have our water or glasses filled or there was another dish to order.  The service was first class!  Even their general manager stopped by to wish me a Happy 50th birthday and gave me his card. Their staff did a great job ! By the time dessert came around we were so full we just couldn't do it.  We did order the Sticky Toffee and all shared.  It was incredible.  When they brought the French pressed office and chocolate liquor spoons well that was it!  It was such a nice touch to an amazing dinning experience!Donny our waiter actually made our evening.  He took pictures and let us take pictures with him.  He offered to take us down to the kitchen but we weren't allowed to go behind the counter.  The only disappointing factor of the evening was their famous chef, Christina Wilson was not very accommodating when we asked for a picture as a group to celebrate my 50th, nor was she willing to even give an autograph on at least one of our Gordan Ramsey bags that Donny gave to us all. Considering the amount of money I spent there, I would think she would have been happy to do that for us. But no....she was too busy stuffing that bake potato with sour cream....and looked stressed just managing that. Overall, it was an amazing dinning experience.  We are all still talking about that night and each of my friends told me its the best dinning experience they have ever had!!!!!!  BRAVO CHEF RAMSEY!!!  Can't wait to try your Pub and Grill at Caesars!
5	Simply divine. Impeccable service and delicious food. The Beef Wellington was superb. Definitely worth every penny. I love Gordon Ramsey's shows, and having seen how much he gets on other people for quality of ingredients and customer service I had high expectations. Both his Steak restaurant and Burgr place definitely live up to them though.
5	This has to be the best meal I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Our group of four didn't make reservations but there was a four top in the bar when we got there. The staff was incredibly nice and helpfulThe bread starter was a perfect start. I ordered the roasted chicken while my friends each got the filet (one got the Kobe/Wagyu filet). We split the Bourbon cream corn, loaded baked potato and mac and cheese. A sign of any good meal for us is when conversation stops. Our meal here did that and more. The moaning and oh-ing and ah-ing made for interesting looks.The ticket was $325 for us but totally worth the experience. In my opinion as well as my friends, it was worth every last penny.Gordon Ramsey is correct. Fresh, simple food done properly. A total win in my book.
4	Big fan of Gordon Ramsay. I have visited this steak house three times since it opened. Always a pleasure and would definitely return.Modern decor and good ambiance. Always seems packed, would highly recommend making reservations ahead of time. Never had to wait very long, hostesses seemed on point. Good customer service and great bread choices. Have tried 3/4 of all the appetizers on the menu and very pleased. The yellowtail starter was my favorite.The Beef Wellington, Fish & Chips, and Fisherman's Stew were all good entree choices. Highly recommended.The Sticky Toffe Pudding is to die for! Must try if you like sweet desserts. Would come back just for this alone.
3	On a recent trip to Loss Wages, I decided to see what the hype was about Gordon Ramsey's Steak. My dog Steve was on a winning streak playing Baccarat at Caesar's so a companion and I ventured across the street to Steak located in Paris' casino. Not having reservations, our only choice was to eat in the bar/lounge area. The table was nice and the chairs were comfy, the only complaint I had was the music was very loud and very thumpy. I ordered the Bone in ribeye and she ordered the petite filet we shared the bourbon creamed corn and the mashed potatoes. My steak was ordered medium rare plus, but came out closer to rare, which was ok but not as I would expect in a high end establishment. I was afraid to send it back fearing I would hear "Bloody 'ell you f'ing donkey"  so I ate it anyway. The lady's steak was dare I say ordered well done so I cannot comment on it although she enjoyed it. The creamed corn had good flavor but a bit too sweet for me, the potatoes were mediocre at best and both sides had an off putting consistency of baby food. Overall it was about a three star rating but no where near a stellar 5 stars I was hoping I would give it. In comparison for the locals in Cincinnati, any of Jeff Ruby Steakhouse's (Especially The Precinct)  would put the angry Brit to shame.
5	We dined here last night for my boyfriends birthday. The food was amazing. The service was also amazing. We ordered the chorizo stuffed lobster and the pork belly for appetizers. Both were equally delicious. For main courses I ordered the beef Wellington and my boyfriend ordered the bone in rib eye. I'm a total fan of Hell's Kitchen which is why I ordered the Wellington. It certainly did not disappoint. The meat literally melted in your mouth. While it was expensive, I felt it was worth every penny. I called ahead of time and ordered a dessert for his birthday. The sticky toffee pudding is spot on. ORDER IT! (If you have room) Great place to celebrate a special occasion!!
4	I had the wagu filet and it was amazing.  The truffle mac and cheese was great, too, but I was too full to eat it.  I ended up giving my leftovers to a group of drunk guys outside a strip club.  My friend had the same filet and the baked potato, which was also delicious.  Our reservations were at 10pm.  We arrived a little early and were seated in the bar and ordered drinks while we waited.  I'm pretty sure we were seated for dinner right on time, or shortly after.  The dining services was REALLY slow, though.  I think maybe it was because he was waiting for the cart of meat to bring over, but I already knew what I wanted and didn't need to look at a cart of raw meat.  The service should not have been that slow.I would go back again but next time a little more hungry and a little less drunk.  Oh, and I spent well over $100 for my food.  Probably closer to $150.
2	Over priced and service needs help!Food was amazing and I suppose you get what you pay for.   22 bucks for a pot pie is a bit much however the charge for bread was over the top.  It's easy to over charge because your Gorden Ramsey however, was the experience worth it.  NO.  Severs and front host really need training on how to do their jobs.  Try smiling and responding rather than on your cell phones.  Try asking if you've been helped rather than looking at the celebs passing by.   I do not recommend this place not because of the bad price points but the experience was less than desired.
2	When my folks were here to visit, and staying at the Paris, we all agreed to and were excited to try this place.  Menu, pricey but attractive.  Wine list, quite good.  Service, spot on.  Food very good, not great.  Ambiance, is the downfall.  Very noisy place, with the music and lighting, more like a nightclub.  I guess that's to appeal to the new steampunk millenial hipsters. Usually going out to eat entails conversation, here, though possible, it is difficult, noise and seating is close, lacks privacy that you can expect at restaurants of the same price and caliber.  At first, they tried to sit us at tables facing the kitchen and between the staff, banging plates, and radiant heat, we had to go to the Maitre'd and ask for a better option.  They did take care of it and we only had to wait about 10 minutes over the 15 minutes past our reservation time we were seated. So 7:45 became 8:15, but that wasn't an issue for us. In my honest opinion this place is more about a celeb name and the kind of place to go and see and be seen/at the scene and post your status to social media to impress friends.  I had suggested we go to Flemings on W. Charleston, which is much more what I am used to as a dining experience.  When it's dark, club music playing, weird lighting gave everything a reddish hue, maybe that's a Hell's Kitchen thing??? Some of the other diners were trying way too hard to look important and chic.  Wines we chose were a 2012 Patz and Hall Dutton Ranch Chard, was excellent as expected along with the 2011 Robert Biale Black Chicken Ranch Zinfandel.Our server Humberto was really exceptional.Total tab was a little over 500 US dollars for 3 people.  Wine, 2 American/Kobe skirt steaks and 1 NY strip,  2 orders of oysters and a soup, 1 dessert and 1 double expresso.  Plus the vino of course.  Which was $200 for the 2 bottles.Was it good, yes, could it have been better, also yes.  For the price, I'd recommend, Flemings, Ruth Chris, Del Frisco's or one of many other great options in town.
5	This was truly a restaurant experience!  My boyfriend and I were invited in to the bar to enjoy a drink before our reservation time, and the service was amazing.  He were then escorted to a second floor table, and given a few details about the amazing story behind the decor.Dinner began with an absolutely wonderful server named Dennis who made the entire night even better.  He was extremely attentive to every request, he was energetic and very courteous - what a wonderful representative for your business!We enjoyed some incredibly artistic bread with specialty butter, the best macaroni and cheese I have ever had, and then, the world's best Beef Wellington.Beef Wellington.. SO GOOD!Service concluded with a autographed picture of Gordon Ramsay and a satiated appetite.  Well done!
5	We had an amazing dinner here. Our server Matthew was excellent. They recommended a tasty bottle of zin based on our preferred price point.  Each course surpassed each other. It was truly an incredible experience!
5	Nothing has changed..excellent service, excellent food..very pricey but it's all worth it.  This time I had the ceasar salad, filet (medium rare), Mac and cheese, foie gras, bone marrow and the sticky toffee pudding...my plate was empty when I left and my tummy was very happy
2	What a dr jekyll and mr hyde dining experience!We arrived about 8 minutes late to our 6:15 reservations.  our table wasn't ready yet so we were shown to the bar side / waiting area.First impressions,  Great decor, cool uniforms and very easy to tell who is a hostess, wait staff, bar tender, chef, etc.   I also noticed how loud it was in there..  just a tiny bit below the volume of a night club. I was there with my wife, 1.5 year old daughter, brother in law & mother in law .  the music turned up so loud it was hard to hear each other and hard to hear the staff.  we were given a tablet to looks at drinks . I couldn't hear what the hostess said about orders .. so we waited for someone to come over and take our drink orders.. but no one ever came. (maybe she said to order at the bar?)a different hostess came into the bar / waiting area and said our table was ready.as we walked from the bar area to the dining area she said something about a cable car or train car? couldn't hear her over the music.   as we entered the dining area she told us about the cool neon artwork above us.. again I couldn't hear her. my wife who was next to the hostess had to repeat to all of us after we sat down what she said. (the lights are supposedly the hand movements of Gordon when he makes a wellington)I was holding my daughter and I sat down. I was given a menu, then despite the fact that I had both hands full I was given the wine menu , which I had to set down immediately.  they gave my wife a tablet that had the drink menu on it. (tablet had to reboot before we could use it - no bigie)everything on the menu sounded great lots of amazing options .   although I quickly zeroed in on all the steak choices .  after just a short bit a staff member came over with a steak cart. it has examples of all the amazing beef cuts.  there is prime, dry aged prime, and real wygu beef.  I really wanted to hear everything about the steaks ... but (bet you can guess) I could not hear him over the music .    the wait staff was very attentive and we had no problems ordering a dirty vodka marinti and a whisky sour..  both were very tasty, couldn't taste the alcohol..  I'm assuming its because they were mixed so well , and they were on the big side .  so the food we told the staff the Mac and cheese was for our daughter and please bring it out first.  they brought it out very quickly! the Mac and cheese was amazing, best I've ever had. my daughter loved it and we were all eating out of her bowl.    she also liked their yummy breads.  when we needed milk for her again it was easy to get tell a wait staff member who very quickly brought the milk.my wife had a seafood plate with various fish and shell fish. she loved it all. my mother in law got the sea bass and also loved it. my brother in law and I both had the bone in rib eye, medium rare.   the cook was dead one with a nice red and warm (not hot) center.  seemed seasoned well,crazy thing. the steak was tough and chewy.  ? it was juicy and had good flavor, but it was tough and almost had some grizzle on it.. ? very disappointing.   I wonder if they got a bad batch or just a few steaks were tough? felt more like a roast than a steak in terms of tough/chewiness my mother in law loved everything she eat, but said she wouldn't want to eat there again because of the loud music.  (house and top 40)  I actually really liked the music that was being played.. just not the volume.  I did mention that my steak was tough and they offered to refire and even change to a different cut.  which normally I would do, but there's only so long a toddler will behave NAD I didn't want to push our luck.   not to mention due to not being able to hear the wait staff my dining experience was already ruined. 355$ for 4 and a toddler.   I spent 280 for 2 at the mix a year ago so its actually a good value.  but I had a much better experience last year.  =/we have reservations for the Ramsay grill and pub so hopefully that will be a better experience.** update**  I canceled my reservations for his pub and grill  due to my bad experience at his steak house and went to Bachi burger instead.
4	Chose to spend my birthday with Gordon Ramsay this year- dined with my BF and his father, in town for the holiday weekend. Food was satisfactory, some items were much better than others; service wasn't quite on par with restaurant price point or reputation.BREAD PLATE: Best start to a meal, ever. Three different varieties (lemon herb focaccia, a cinnamon roll-looking thing with prosciutto, and a crispy baguette-slice that tasted like straight-up cheese). All served with the best butter I've ever had, with black sea salt. Breads in order of deliciousness.FRENCH ONION SOUP: Skippable. Bouchon's is way better. This one has virtually no cheese but is quite rich, consistency more similar to a gravy than a soup. Very scant amount of onions in the bottom, mostly broth in our two orders.AMERICAN KOBE BEEF SLIDERS: Hyped for a reason, they're delicious. Cheese taste could be more pronounced but quality of meat was the star of this dish. Motivating me to hit up BurGR sooner than I'd planned.BONE IN RIB EYE: Large portion, great flavor, ordered medium due to table preferences but would have been much better medium-rare. Great crust, plated with a sauce that added just a bit of extra something to it.BEEF WELLINGTON: Had to try this at least once, underwhelmed. The pate didn't really complement the beef, quality of meat seemed lower in this dish than in others but glad I tried it. Least favorite dish of the night, actually.BEEF SHORTRIBS: Star of the night! Meaty, falling apart, packed a punch of flavor, plated with an amazing gravy sauce with mushrooms and spinach. Would definitely get this again, highly recommend.LOADED BAKED POTATO SIDE: Roughly the size of a football, too salty for me to really enjoy but the gouda was delicious and BF's dad really enjoyed it.MAC AND CHEESE: Shut the front door. This is my new favorite mac dish. I ate almost the entire dish, and I'll take the over on it being worth 5K calories. Worth it, see you at the gym! Didn't expect the peas in this dish but surprisingly didn't mind them.STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING: Another obligatory purchase, but this one was totally wroth it. I'm not a dessert person but this was downright decadent, delicious cake with toffee sauce and a fabulously light but flavorful ice cream. Bonus points for plating it with a candle for my special day.DRINKS: Interactive drink menu is on an iPad, underwhelmed by the cocktails but the Justin Paso Robles wine will go with absolutely any of the beef dishes here. If you're in more of a beer mood, the Oskar Blues Old Chub "Knightro" is flipping amazing.SERVICE: As I said, the service wasn't quite on par with the price point or reputation of the restaurant. Two drink orders were missed, and despite having an assistant helping out our server it seemed as if we were largely ignored for portions of the evening. Water levels, wait times, and such were not paid as much attention as expected.SEATING & DECOR: Highly recommend getting a booth seat next to the kitchen to be able to see the prep station, added extra level of entertainment. Cool bar set in a tube, red lighting fixture based on the arm motions to create GR's famous dessert, small touches that made this place stand apart. Side note, there are easily eight hostesses in black mesh club wear? Awkward costumes, entirely too many bodies in the front of the restaurant.
2	So looking forward to this anniversary meal with my wife and so disappointed! Great service but the scallop risotto and beef wellington we were so looking forward to was almost inedible. The standards we see on Hells Kitchen were not present tonight.
5	Omg what a amazing place.  Gf got the beef Willington..  Excellent.  I got the Wagu American rib cap...  Best piece of meat I've ever had.  Sides need work.  We got the Mac n cheese and the creamed corn...  Nothing special.  Still 5 stars just for the meat and service. Best sides I've had are at mastros steak house lobster mash and creamed corn.  If you combine Gordans steak and mastros side..  I  would be dangerous.
5	Echoing the "worth it".  Mighty expensive but you get what you pay for.  My filet was divine and the spinach and asparagus were perfect.  I never had better brussels sprouts in my life.  I saved room for the toffee pudding but I honestly could have done without it.Excellent service.  I was surprised to see many customers wearing shorts and t-shirts.  I would have expected this place to have a dress code, but apparently not.  Not on a weekday at least.
1	Gordon Ramsey needs to have this restaurant on his show Kitchen Nightmares!  My husband with another couple booked this reservation 3 months in advance since we have been excited to try this restaurant for 2 years. We arrived to our reservation on a high note from walking off a craps table with winnings near $1000, we were sad to walk away from the table but excited for dinner (should have stayed playing craps!) it took the waitress 5 minutes to greet us and offer the water selection which we selected tap. They have a tray of the cuts of meat they wheel around to explain our options that they stick in a corner to store rather than the cooler, while the waitress explained the different cuts all we could smell was rotten meat. We mentioned this to her and she admitted it should be placed in the cooler after being out for a few minutes and swapped with another but the staff doesn't have time for that. GROSS! We ordered oysters (excellent), french onion soup (excellent), crab soup (very bland) gnocchi (small and blah) as appetizers. Our dinner was a NY strip (average) filet(overcharred) short ribs(very fatty) lamb (tiny) with sides of Brussels (over seasoned) Mac n cheese (way to much truffle) chocolate layers (good but nothing special). Now we wait......and wait.....and wait.... For our server to get more water and the bill so we finally ask someone to get her attention. Oh, I forgot that now we learn we have been receiving $9 bottles of water (6 of them) remember we requested tap. So manager comes over and we only complain of the water and over truffled Mac n cheese which he apologizes and removes from the tab. So we go back to waiting.  Now I request another manager of which I explain the entire experience to (I NEVER complain as I understand the demand of the business but for this price and for what the restaurant is I am now disgusted) this manager continues to apologize and explain they appreciate the feedback and he is disappointed that we had a bad experience. He additionally took off the dessert. We were not looking for anything to be comped (just the water). So now we wait again for the tab with empty water glasses, after 5 minutes we ask another server to please bring us water. You would think with that being our biggest complaint you would hydrate your customer. I mean we only wanted FREE WATER! Nothing else free, on a $600 tab. We were all shocked that Gordon Ramsey allows a restaurant to run this way and serve the food they do.  I have since read other reviews and all seem similar to mine. Maybe it is time for Ramsey to read them.
5	Gordon Ramsay Steak is awesome!  Sometimes you are let down when you visit a Celebrity Chef Restaurant.  But not here.  The service is great, the restaurant is very hip and modern.  Don't get me wrong, the Steak was amazingly good.  But I have Steaks as good at Ruth's Chris.  But the best part of the meal was actually the sides and Homemade Breads they make.  And one of the best desserts I have ever had in my life was the Sticky Toffee Pudding with Brown Butter Ice Cream!  The Ice Cream is shaped like a Cube of Butter and is just packed with the most amazing flavor.  5 Stars for sure!!!
4	+ The Drifter: Bourbon, notes of ginger, bitters, just wonderful~ My hands were too small to hold the massive glass it was served in, but with a drink this tasty, you make it work!+ Beef Wellington: Muy delicioso. Not much I can say about this that hasn't already been said. It was my first time having a wellington of any sort, so I was worried it would come dry (how they cook the meat and the pastry perfectly together is beyond my realm of understanding), but my concerns quickly melted away with each wonderful bite. You're warned that it takes 45 minutes to come out, but I don't think we waited more than 15 minutes. + Kobe Rib Cap: Ohhhhhhhh wow. I had no idea what a rib cap was until the server explained it. Imagine a ribeye. You've got that massive chunk of meat, sometimes with a bone attached. On the perimeter opposite of the bone, you've got the rib cap in all its buttery, tender glory. Loved this!! The server recommended the bone marrow sauce to go along with it. Honestly, it would've been perfectly fine on its own, but the sauce was delicious and decadent addition to every bite. The Brussel sprouts and Mushrooms we got to accompany the meal were good, but got too salty to finish at the end. I'm always a little worried about celebrity restaurants because I can certainly see the quality of food deteriorating over time simply since their name has gotten so big and less attention is paid to the food. Thankfully, that's not the case with Gordon Ramsay Steak!
5	My wife and I have been trying to hit celebrity chef restaurants when we are vacationing. Being fans of Hell's Kitchen and being in Vegas, we decided to try Gordon Ramsay Steak.While being taken to our seats, the hostess explained some of the reasons for the design. I had a little trouble hearing her, due to the music being so loud (not uncommon in a lot of casinos in Vegas). We had a nice table near the kitchen, so we could see much of what was going on in the restaurant. The restaurant was busy, tables were full and waiters were constantly moving.When the waiter brought the menus, we were also presented with a showing of several of the meats. Reviews had suggested the Rib Key, which I order along with a baked potato.. My wife had the duet of lamb and the creamed corn.My steak was amazing. It just melted in my mouth. My wife said it was some of the best lamb she had ever had.Our one real nitpick of the restaurant was the temperature. It was very warm. While we were near the kitchen, there didn't seem to be a lot of airflow where we were.We do highly recommend giving Gordon Ramsay Steak a try.
5	I've always wanted to eat at one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants food and service was top-notch as to be expected my wife and I enjoyed oysters on the half shell appetizer the Kobe wagyu fillet mignon, bone marrow, pan seared foie gras and creamed  spinach for dessert we split one of his sticky toffee pudding's that came with some sort of butter ice cream that was ridiculously good dinner was very expensive as to be expected for this caliber of food my only complaint was the atmosphere could be a bit more intimate
3	This meal was disappointing, especially after the many good ones in the past.  Everything we ordered was off tonight. 2 of us had the spare rib and we both had the same disappointment. The meat was fatty and the glaze looked like paint. The spinach on the plate was tough and tasteless. The Mac and cheese was off tonight too. My wife didn't finish her filet. The music was too loud to have a conversation. Gordon needs to visit the kitchen.
4	My husband and I are Gordon Ramsey fans and even had the opportunity to dine at "Hell's Kitchen" two years ago.  So when we were in Vegas last weekend, we definitely wanted to check out his Steak restaurant.  We've already eaten at his Pub and it was fabulous!  Service: The service was excellent and our waiter was very attentive to us...as well as the three other tables right next to us. I also loved how our waiter brought out a whole cart of meat and explained in much detail each cut of meat and how it's prepared. It definitely adds a classy touch. Food: -Smoked beef tartar: Beautiful presentation!!! The homemade potato chips were awesome! Definitely order this...-Fried oysters: Again, the presentation was gorgeous. It came with 4 fried oysters with a yummy sauce and seaweed. I just wish there were more! -Kobe steak: It was delicious and just melted in my mouth. -Beef wellington: Honestly, I wasn't impressed with it. Maybe it's because we were sharing it and the waiter suggested we cut in half so it was brought on two plates? Potato puree was delicious. -Baked potato: A huge potato that was velvety smooth! It was covered in cheese and had three pieces of thick bacon.  The waiter brought me extra sour cream! Seriously, this was an amazing potato and I have eaten A LOT of potatoes of all kinds, especially being an avid potato lover.  I would return just to eat the baked potato again! -Mac and cheese with truffles: Nothing special, but I love mac and cheese!  Sadly, it had peas in it...and I hate peas! -Sticky Toffee pudding: A traditional dessert that is a signature of Gordon Ramsay! And it did not disappoint! It was a creative presentation with a "stick of butter" with a knife in it (which was the homemade caramel ice cream), a small container of caramel sauce, and the sticky toffee pudding.  The waiter poured the sauce on the pudding for us. Every bite was heavenly.  Even my husband, who does not really eat dessert, really loved it! I wish there was more ice cream stick! -Coffee: The coffee was amazing! It's a special coffee called Las Columb that Gordon orders (according to our waiter).  It came in a french press and 3 alcohol infused chocolate spoons labeled "A, B, C".  A= amarretto, C= chamboard...I can't remember B.! But they really added a nice flavor to the coffee! Overall, my husband would return again next time we're in Vegas. The coffee alone would make the trip worth it!
2	My experience at this restaurant was more "OK" than "A-OK", rendering it closer to a 2.5 than a 3. We came here for dinner to celebrate my husband's birthday.  I did note on the reservation that we were celebrating his birthday.  We made this reservation because we love the various Gordon Ramsay television shows, and have generally had good experiences at the West Hollywood location (Gordon Ramsay at the London).  We had fair, but high, expectations; we thought that the food and service would be excellent, but we weren't expecting to be blown away.  When we checked in at the hostess stand (about one minute prior to our reservation), there were a lot of young women in skimpy dresses and heavy makeup.  Not very tasteful, but it is Vegas!  The hostess who checked us in was a little snippy, and told us that we could wait in the bar/lounge until our table was ready.  It was crowded, so we declined; the hostess said she would call us when our table was ready.  We then waited for about 15 - 20 minutes in the casino until we checked with the hostess again.  She told us it would be a few more minutes, and then within about 5 minutes took us back to a table in a terrible location - immediately to the right as you enter the "chunnel."  We asked for a table that was not on a main walkway, and were told we would have to wait longer; after about 5 minutes, we were given a table in a better location. Other reviewers are not kidding - this restaurant is seriously loud.  It was difficult to hear our servers, and it was also difficult to have a conversation.  We were given the drinks ipad, and ordered the Drifter and Pimm's Cup.  Both were good.  We also ordered sparkling water.  After we had ordered cocktails, we were given the wine list, which was slightly irritating as we probably would have ordered wine instead of cocktails had we been given that option.  The wine list is ridiculously large, and is bound like a children's book.  It is, in my opinion, far too large for the setting and style of the restaurant.  After we ordered (appetizers and mains were ordered at the same time), we were given bread service.  It was ok, but nothing special.  The mushroom brioche was my favorite.  The butter with smoked sea salt was served almost frozen.  For appetizers, we shared:  American Wagyu Beef Sliders:  These were very good, and ended us being the favorite dish of the night for both of us.  The serving is 2 sliders, and I believe an additional slider can be ordered (for an additional fee).  Gnocci:  This was very good, as well, but not quite as good as the sliders.  The jamon was a little strange, in that the texture didn't really seem to flow with the rest of the dish.  For mains, we had: Beef Wellington:  My husband ordered this, and after watching it become infamous on Hell's Kitchen, we really expected perfection.  Sadly, it was mediocre.  The puff pastry was nice and flaky on the outside, but extremely soggy on the inside.  Not all of the fat on the meat was rendered, but the meat was good overall.  It was very heavily salted.  The sides were ok, but nothing special. Loup de mer:  I ordered this, and was underwhelmed.  The skin was a little overdone, but the fish itself was good.  The sauce which was served with it was not what other reviewers have described; it was red and tasted of sundried tomatoes, but with a hint of burned flavor.  It was described by the waiter as a "Romanesco" sauce, which led me to believe it was made of the green cauliflower-like vegetable of the same name, but it was not.  It was disgusting.   The grilled lemon was nice with the fish, but honestly, I expect a little more than one half of a slightly charred lemon at a restaurant like this.  We shared two sides: Burssel sprouts:  These were very good, with a nice bite from the vinegar.  Loaded baked potato:  This was mediocre.  The smoked gouda bechamel was underwhelming, and there was also not very much on the serving.  There was a scant amount of sour cream and chives, and three small lardons of bacon.  It was a stretch to call this a "loaded" baked potato.  For dessert, we shared the Sticky Toffee Pudding.  This was brought to us with a candle, but no one sang (which my husband appreciated immensely).  This was not a complimentary dessert, which was fine but felt a bit cheap.  Service was fine, but nothing special.  I expected more from a restaurant at this price point, particularly one in a location like Vegas, with a plethora of fine dining options.  Given that Chef Ramsay's name is plastered all over the restaurant, with his image emblazoned on the menus and signs, I would expect this restaurant to be outstanding.  As the red light fixture on the ceiling is meant to represent Ramsay's hands as he makes the Wellington, I expected that dish to be nearly flawless.  Sadly, it was not.  Our final bill, with the TR discount and pre-tip, was $224; this is quite expensive for the quality we received.
3	Decided to check out Ramsay's based off of a recommendation on their Rib CapArrived a bit early and checked in. Was told to wait by some slot machines while they prepared our table. While we were waiting, the 5 hostesses and one host just stood around. One hostess decided to take a drink out of a large Starbucks cup she had stored under the booth. The host decided he was going to read a text/tweet etc. When our table was ready the hostess asked if we had been their before and we stated no. She was barely audible and made some reference to a tube. We then entered into the main dinning area and she pointed to the ceiling where there is a neon sculpture and said something about beef wellington.Our waiter was very good and very knowledgeable of their menu. Started with the Market Greens. Rib Cap was very good. Charred on the outside and very tender and juicy inside. Shared the truffled mac and cheese and the asparagus. If your a martini drinker, they include an olive burger. It is an olive cut in half with blue cheese and a small piece of bacon. The ambiance is not quite there either. I like dance mix but not while eating steak. I would like to give this 4 stars based off of the food, however, its the whole experience that makes spending $150 for dinner enjoyable.
5	We had dinner here on 8/31/14...the meal was spectacular!! I wish I could give it 10 stars! We each had the rib cap steak with foie gras, it was cooked to perfection. From the wine that was recommended to the special chocolate liquor spoons served with our espresso...it was first class, decadent and service was exemplary.Adrian was our server and Tracey was our host - both of them took great care of us!!Chef Ramsey you should be proud...this is what a good (good doesn't even sound "good" enough) restaurant is, your staff is excellent here!!!
3	Of all the places we've eaten in Vegas, I have to say this is not bad, but not my favorite. My steak was good and the dessert was great, but everything else was bland for my liking. Definitely make a reservation but expect to wait a while still.
3	I don't mind paying for a great meal but this was more on the good side than great. I had the Lobster Wellington, i took the second half of it out of the wrapper which added nothing good to the dish, was kind of soggy. Had the truffle mac and cheese and it was the best thing I ate at this meal. The Brussel Sprouts are good but deep fried so not sure how it added much "green' that my waiter recommended. Also had the octopus and potato salad, good but could have used a lot more octopus and a lot less potato. I also had the sticky toffee pudding for desert, over rated and my friend had the coconut cake which is good if you like really sour tasting things. Overall it wasn't horrible but when you are hyped and then charge top notch prices, then you have set the expectation high and this place falls well short. Go if you must, bring some earplugs because it is annoyingly and unpleasantly loud with music literally BLARING. Solidly mediocre.
5	Gordon Ramsay, thank you for ruining Mac & Cheese everywhere else we go now... It was the most delicious side dish i've ever eaten, and it had PEAS andi  I HATE peas, but somehow they made it all work together perfectly. My steak was awesome, Wifes Beef Wellington was great, but oh the Mac & Cheese lol If anyone is reading this, you HAVE to try it.
5	We ate there last night, started with Pork Belly, had the bone in Ribeye and baked potato.  Then finished with the Sticky Toffee Pudding! It was wonderful, the service was amazing, I am happy we chose this restaurant, great food!
4	I love Gordon Ramsay and really wanted to try the Beef Wellington. I did, but it just wasn't my thing. I Loved, Loved, Loved the asparagus side dish with pistachio pesto. Sooooooo good. Could eat it every day! Also loved the foie gras appetizer. Overall, awesome. Would love to go back now that I can move past Beef Wellington to something else!
5	Gordon had me like Woah!While we waited for our party to arrive we had delicious drinks at the bar. The "drifter" and the "English garden," unique presentation was a nice touch. I was eager to try the beef Wellington after seeing him make it on TV.  That was my order and it was not a let down.  Other dishes worth a mention are: the bone in rib eye A+ sides of potatoes and asparagus also deserve an A rating. Must also give credit to the wait staff. They were very attentive and helpful.  Our waiter recommended getting the toffee pudding cake for dessert and it was the bomb diggity!The only negatives are that the menu is a bit too pricey, and the atmosphere is a bit lackluster for Vegas.
4	I just want to start off by saying I am a very picky eater so going to fancy steak houses and resturants always makes me nervous. The resturant itself was beautiful and modern. While waiting for our table, my boyfriend and I sat at the bar and had a drink- the drink menu was very impressive. It had a nice verieity to choose from and none made with vodka which i loved. I ordered the English Garden it was great- great flavors and a beautiful presentation. The wait staff was well educiated with everything on the menu and made great recommendations. I ordered an appetizer as my dinner because like I said I am very picky - the angus beef sliders- I do not regret it. They were amazing - small but perfect size for me. I also ordered a side of the fingerling potatoes- bite sized potatoes with sea salt and a truffle glaze-they were outrageous! Overall I had a great experience and I recommend trying it out.
5	Brillian! Certainly a must try! We would like to specifically thank our waiter - sadly ive forgotten his name - he is tall, African, but has a muslim name - speaks French, English and recites Bollywood songs fluently. What a great experience. I also noticed we weren't the only ones he was treating like we were at his home...he was this way to all that he served! very good man!The food was AMAZING and you must must must try the toffee desert with coffee...oh boy, heaven on earth!
5	FINALLY!!! We came here on a Saturday night back in June.  It took forever to get reservations, but FINALLY I got one! woohoo!!!We arrived 10mins early, the hostess sat us up stairs.  We ordered the special Gordon Ramsey summer special.  Its a special limited edition 5 course dinner.  Amuse Bouche- Scotch egg. . .delicious and creamyFirst Course- Beet root salad. . . wasn't a big fan of, I just don't like the bitter taste of beetsSecond Course- Scallop Risotto. . . AMAZING! perfectly cooked scallops! flavors blended well.  (I was picturing Gordon Ramsey yelling at the Chefs if the scallops weren't cooked properly, I watch too much hell's kitchen)Third course- Roasted Beef Wellington. . . OH MYYY GAHHH!!! so delish!!! I never knew abt beef wellington if it wasn't for Hell's Kitchen, always wanted to try it, now I have.  Its so juicy and melts in your mouth!Dessert- Sticky Toffee Pudding. . . super sweet! But yummy!We left so full that we couldn't move.If you love Riesling, you must get the $90 bottle, well worth it!!! Our bill was about 5bills, but this place is well worth it.Service was amazing and our water glass was NEVER empty.
5	As a follow up to my original review: I must say I am very pleased with the response from the management of this restaurant. They take these reviews very seriously towards improving their product. Although our 1st experience was not what we expected I do have the desire to try them again now that I know how committed they are to providing the best possible dining experience. Job well done. We will be back.
5	Five days after we ate here, my husband & I still can't stop talking about how amazing this place is.Food: The bread is divine - especially the lemon thyme focaccia. The best steaks we've ever had. I had the American Rib Eye and he had the American Rib Cap. Our mouths now mourn that we'll never be able to have food this delicious again. We'll spend the rest of our lives looking for the same taste.Service: our servers Ted & Steve were great! Ted was quick to make drink recommendations (guarantees actually) and he was spot on! He also recommended the rib cap to my husband which may be the best recommendation he's ever received.I can't say enough about how great this place is. Everything was above par. This restaurant is what other great restaurants strive to be in both quality of food and excellence of service.Thank you for a great dinner!
2	Did not like it in general ambient is to overcharge , service us excellent but my meat was overcooked , big disappointment.
5	Gordon Ramsay is my star! Their meats are superb. The right temperature, taste, and feel for all their food. I love the design of the restaurant, the hot girls in their hot outfits, and the great service. I am grateful to get a chance to taste such good food from talented chefsI believe cost range for meats are $30-90? But please. Make. Sure. I have eaten at places that cost this much but does not taste nearly as good as this place.I don't remember if it's a weekday or a weekend we went but we had to wait about an hr for our table. Just to give you a hint.
1	This review is strictly for the customer service/reservation experience. My husband and I have been dedicated Ramsay followers for a long time. We watch Kitchen Nightmares, Master Chef, and even the British F-Word. For us, Ramsay's Steak has been the restaurant we have saved for a "special occasion" for a long time. So as a surprise, my husband made a reservation for us to go to Ramsay's for Thanksgiving. He called for reservations in August. Today he called to ask if he could change the reservation to 4 people, and was told the restaurant had no record of our reservation, and was fully booked up. Sorry, nothing they can do. Which means, 1) if we hadn't called, we would have shown up on Thanksgiving, and not been seated. And since it is Thanksgiving, we wouldn't have been seated anywhere else either. 2) Our holiday is ruined due to the restaurant's system error. Sure, mistakes happen, but the manager's total lack of interest in doing anything to make up for the mistake was kind of shocking. I definitely expected a higher level of customer service for a place with Ramsay's name stamped on it. The experience has definitely put a damper on my excitement to try a restaurant I have been looking forward to for over a year. I don't know if I will ever actually go now.
3	Food was good. I got the pork belly and foie gras appetizers the first time I came here. Foie gras was my favorite, it was perfectly cooked and paired with a berry sauce. Second time back I got the Japanese A5 kobe, which was just ok. It really melts in your mouth, but I would've liked more flavor. Our party ordered just about every side on the menu but nothing really stood out to me.  The vibe here is cool, it's dark with loud music, which make me feel like I need to get ready for clubbing afterwards. It's just loud enough that you can't hear the other people at the table next to you, but fine for conversation among your own table.  The service was somewhat slow and casual.Now that I've tried just about everything on the menu, I'm not dying to go back, but if I have time, I might go back to try the signature wellington.
5	They were late seating is, an that's the only negative! Awesome dinner for five. Would highly recommend!
4	We chose this place for our 15 year wedding anniversary. The food was great, the service was not as expected for this type of restaurant. We order a salad as an appetizer and that took 20min. We had to ask our server to confirm that we stated as an appetizer. She went to check and came back with the salad. So either she forgot to state " As  appetizer " or its because she was to busy speaking to 2 guys and the bar that she frequently visited. We still tipped her 20%. But for a $32.00 tip she should be paying closer attention to her tables and their needs. I won't drop her name But it start with a J.
5	Ate there on Sept. 22.This may be the best meal I have ever eaten. Period. The food, service and pacing was phenomenal. One downer--the music could have been toned down a bit. It's a steakhouse; the atmosphere should be a bit more refined. We ordered the Wagyu beef (the real Japanese stuff). We were going to split ten ounces of that (damned expensive at $32/oz., but it's something I'll probably never eat again because it is so expensive but everyone should try it once) and a 21 oz. ribeye. Our server made a mistake and brought us only six ounces. Besides saving us a hundred and thirty bucks, it turned out that both that and the ribeye were quite enough. The ribeye was probably the best I've ever had and it PALED to the Wagyu.  Our server (Charles) made sure the meat was sliced and placed in the center of the table so we could help ourselves. We split an appetizer (the pork belly) and each had a side (truffle fingerling potatoes and creamed corn and each side is enough for two),  dessert (the sticky toffee pudding and it's to die for).As I've alluded to, the staff couldn't have been more accommodating. Yes, you're paying for it. But, share an appetizer? Split the steaks? No sweat. Except for the noisy atmosphere, I don't think I've left a restaurant more satisfied.
5	So, what the heck is a vegetarian doing checking in to a steakhouse?  Well, I got married this week in Vegas.  This is where my husband wanted to have dinner.  I called ahead of time and they said they could accommodate so I told him he was in luck.The restaurant is beautiful.  All the girls are dressed in black.  The decor of the restaurant is very pretty.When we sat down I asked the waiter what I could eat.  He told me they always have a veg-friendy option and that night it was a vegetarian risotto.  We also ordered a side of brussel sprouts because I was not sure how big it would be and if I would still be hungry.  My husband ordered a filet mignon.Ironically this was probably the best dining experience I had in Vegas.  As Ramsey would say (sometimes) on Hell's Kitchen, 'the risotto was cooked perfectly.'  This food was so delicious and there was plenty.  Even the brussel sprouts were fantastic.  My husband said his filet was very tasty as well.  For dessert we ordered the dish Ramsey is well known for...the 'Sticky Toffee Pudding.'  This was one of the best desserts I have ever eaten in my life.  The cake is warm and a hot caramel sauce is poured over it.  There is also a serving of brown butter ice cream that looks like a stick of butter.  It was incredible.  My husband ordered a coffee and even that was served with chocolate infused with liquor to mix in.Next time I head out to Vegas I will definitely eat here again.
2	Way too pretentious (and I don't mind a bit of that!) From the 20 minute wait in the lounge (which seemed intentional) even with reservations, to the massive neon light on the ceiling "representing Gordon Ramsay's hand strokes while he cooks" (granted, it IS his restaurant), to the wheel 'o meat they cart around the restaurant on a mirrored trolley, to the bland Wellington we waited 45 minutes for then had to send back because it came out well done not medium rare (I am even more shocked they let it leave the kitchen this way). It also seemed one of our waiters needed to get 'permission' from someone managing the kitchen in order for us to send it back. The best part of this meal was the british ale onion soup that we started with. Hubs also liked the Caesar salad with scotch egg.They have an army of staff assigned to your table but somehow the service gets lost in all of this. (Head waiter, Sommelier, Jr Waiter, Water Guy). Who is who again? For a $400 bill (for 2 people, wine and tip) I expected to like more than the soup.
5	Fantastic! Best service and meal ever! Chris and Gary served us and helped us pair the perfect wine with our steak! Bravo Chris and Gary for making our experience an awesome one!
5	Made a reservation for 4 on Open Table. Excellent service. And I mean EXCELLENT. The restaurant itself is gorgeous. The food is delicious, well, the mac and cheese had a little too much garlic for our liking, and the corn was too sweet.The Beef Wellington is amazing, only thing is that they're only cooked to medium rare. But they're still amazing. The short rib is pretty darn good. and the potatoe puree is delicious.I'll come back for sure.
5	DONNIE you are the man!!! Any yelper foodies that want phenomenal service from a true foodie server, this is your guy!!!! He was so informative about their menu and also asked us questions to see what direction we may to go in ordering. I told him that I had always wanted to try a true Japanese Wagyu and he excused himself from the table to see if the marbling was adequate on the Kobe for that particular evening. He brought out the a 3 oz sample for me to view.  I appreciated that extra step to make sure I was pleased.  Let me just say that it lived up to all the hype. It was seasoned to perfection not to change the flavor of the meat itself.  Fantastic!!! My wife had a Lobster Wellington.  She too was blown away by the flavor.  As for the side dishes we had an awesome mac n cheese and an asparagus that was way too salty.  But it did not warrant removing a star from my review.  As for the dessert we tried none other than the sticky toffee pudding that just blew us away.  Donnie made our evening a night to remember.  We went out to several restaurants during our stay in Vegas and enjoyed several great meals. Donnie on the other hand took our experience at Gordon Ramsay's Steak to a new level!!!!
5	There are a few times in life when a meal is so expertly crafted and planned that it is nothing short of genius. Last night, I had one of those meals! This place was EXCELLENT from the hosts, to the servers, to the cleaning/clearing staff, to the food!!! Best experience ever! I must go here each time I'm in Vegas!!
1	The ideal date for Steak: good looking with nothing to say. The reason: it's so noisy, you can't hear yourself talk. Jackhammers would be an improvement. Hostesses in short skirts with sexy pantyhose do not a restaurant make. Our waiter didn't hear our order so came back forty minutes later to ask if we had made our choice! Take a miss.
4	Long time fan and finally for the chance to eat here the food was amazing  went here on 9/27/14 our server Charles did a great job as well the the guy that was showing the wines he really knew his stuff there was only one thing we didn't like was that we asked to taste the steak sauce we only had 2 thin lasts slices and we only use a spoon full of it and got charged for the steak sauce we didn't know and weren't informed that there would be an extra charge if we did we would've of order it because we just had two bite sides left . The overall food was amazing service was amazing
5	Marvelous.I came here with a pastry chef colleague of mine who used to work with the (now) GM, so we didn't even have to order. We simply sat down and the kitchen just started sending course after course. Of my amazing food coma, the stand-outs for me were the beef wellington and the creamed corn side. We had various small bites brought to us, so I don't think they were on-menu, but presentation was exquisite and service was excellent.My favorite part of the entire meal was dessert: a delicious cake with brown butter ice cream. My pastry chef friend told me the secret to the cake was the use of pureed sweet figs in the batter...genius. It was moist, fluffy and memorable. Paired with the ice cream, it was a 5-star dessert for me.The atmosphere is loud and nearly club-like. I wasn't there on a romantic outing so I enjoyed the vibe. I am definitely looking forward to coming back to enjoy the bar and more of that dessert!
5	Great atmosphere... amazing food... (i had the beef wellington and nochi apitizere) will defently go again once i can afford it!! :)
1	I was so disappointed.  We were there for 2 1/2 hours for the "Ramsey Experience"!  And the food was not that great.  For $145 per person I expected to be impressed.  The only thing that came quickly were the drinks.  Our "experience" included a quail egg (not bad, somewhat tasty), octopus (was supposed to be charred but my friend's piece was just burnt) scallop risotto ( had to send back because not completely cooked) and beef Wellington (now I know I don't like beef Wellington - missed their chance to impress me) and dessert was some sort of toffee thingy plus a couple of other treats.  I pretty much did not care at this point and did not like any of the desserts.  The loud pounding club music could have also contributed to my attitude.  Never again! Don't do it - not worth the price and definitely not worth the wait!
5	The service and food was amazing. They made me feel like I was part of a family. I recommend this place if you are wanting some great food. I had the tasting menu from Hells Kitchen it was amazing from the octopus said to the beef Wellington.
5	Amazing food. Amazing steak. Amazing deserts. French press coffee...   what more to say but amazing!  We started with the shell fish sampler.. absolutely  exquisite. We all had steak.. might I warn you that the bone in ribeye is HUGE!  did not get 25% done. We also had a peanut butter pie and a chocolate mousse.. both very good, make sure you get coffee with it. Waiters  are very knowledgeable but you will spend some $$$$  With minimal  alcohol we dropped  $500 so buyer beware but once a year.... awesome
5	If you are ever in Vegas and want to have a food experience for all the senses, then make your reservations for Gordon Ramsay Steak.  Omg this place was exquisite!   The decor, staff, and food were brilliant, just brilliant (as the British would say).  I came here on a Saturday night with an early reservation at 4:45pm, but even though we were 10 minutes late, the table was still available and we were lucky enough to be seated by the kitchen.  I loved watching the chefs and servers as they busily moved through the kitchen, so much action comparable to Gordon Ramsay's "Hell's Kitchen," yet the staff worked very well as a team.   We had the limited edition tasting menu for $145 a person. This included 5 dishes that could be complimented with wine for an additional $75.  The beef Wellington was so tender and flavorful, it made my teeth happy from not having to do as much work.  I recommend you make an early dinner reservation so that you can enjoy your meal and not feel too rushed, that way you still have time to catch a show, go gamble, or dance the night away.  Go ahead and splurge at Gordon Ramsay Steak, you deserve it!
3	I was there for our 35th wedding anniversary. It should have been special. The room is great. The Wellington was great, but could have used a sauce and some mushrooms, but meat was divine. The bar staff were cold, close to rude. We were dressed up, make a good living and were polite. There was no excuse for it. What really ruined the experience was the music. Ok, we're older, so not our style, but we're open...we could live with it. But, it was unnecessarily loud. Irritating and hard to converse. We looked around at the tables and nobody would have minded some Sinatra, Dean or Buble wouldn't have hurt.
5	"Shut it down!!" Not really though...this place has become a Vegas staple for us. They really do everything well from the ambiance, to the appetizers, amazing libations to a beef Wellington that should surely be on your bucket list if you have not tried it yet. For all the yelling and Hollywood jiving Ramsay does on TV the man knows how to run a restaurant cleanly and professionally. The servers are friendly, and never douchey as you might expect. Get dressed up and go there for a date night, your wallet may regret it but you won't.
5	In Vegas for a business trip and thought I would give one of my favorite TV celebrities a try. Gordon Ramsey Steak did not disappoint. It is pricey but I think we got more than our money's worth. I got a cut of Kobe beef which melted in my mouth. Everything was seasoned perfectly. And the Mac n cheese was the most amazing thing I have ever tried. If you're going to splurge this is definitely the place to do it!
4	I really enjoyed our meal here! It's expensive but worth it. This place gets a 4.5/5.We wanted to try a fine dining experience and I am glad that we chose this restaurant. We ordered a few things to share. What was really thoughtful and a great idea was that the kitchen prepared everything as separate portions so that we didn't need to divide the dishes ourselves. Service 5/5Service was excellent! There was a lot of staff, but they all had a purpose. There was one person just refilling everyone's water, another clearing table, and folding napkins. I did sometimes seem to get real busy with so many staff. The sommelier came over to the table to ask what we were eating and recommend a wine. This was another great touch! The manager was also walking around making sure that everyone was enjoying themselves.The atmosphere had a good vibe to it. We came here on a Wednesday night and the place was very busy. Everyone around us seemed to be having a great time.Food 4.5/5Our waiter was friendly, and we got a brief tutorial on the different cuts and types of steak the restaurant serves. Having the steak cut examples as a visual, really helped. This is one of the few restaurants I've been to that does this. We got some free bread to start off the meal, which was great. For appetizers ordered the Hamachi Crudo. This was delicious light and delicate, the garlic puree was not overpowering. The Hamachi was soft and melted in your mouth. My boyfriend who usually dislikes garlic loved this dish. We also had to potato and octopus salad. The dish was nicely balanced and I really enjoyed the potatoes and vinaigrette. The appetizers were delicious.For mains we ordered the American Rib Cap. The steak was well cooked, and tender, and the marbling on the beef gave it a fatty richness to the steak; however I thought it was way too salty for me. This was the only dish that I didn't enjoy as much. We got the beef wellington and it was yummy and AMAZING! The pastry was light and crispy, and the steak was tender and juicy. The vegetables and the potato puree were tasty. They helped cut the richness of the wellington, worked well with the meat. I loved the red wine demi-glace. I can see why this dish is Gordon's signature dish, it was lovely. They served both mains at the same time, which was great however by the time we finished the beef wellington the rib cap had gotten a bit cold. Sadly I was too full to try any of the desserts. Overall we had lovely experience here. We had a couple of disappointing meals before this and I am glad this lived up to expectations.
5	This place is excellent! Our waiter and the staff were helpful and attentive. The bone in rib eyes and lobster Wellington as well as the seafood appetizer were all prepared and cooked to perfection. We will be back!
5	As a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay, I can honestly say i had very high hopes for this place. Well, my expectations were met and exceeded. I ordered the beef wellington and for the love of God that was by far the best piece of meat i have ever tasted. It literally melted in my mouth. I can't wait to go back to Vegas to do it all over again!
3	I really really wanted to give this place 5 stars because I love Gordon Ramsay! Went to his taping for Hell's Kitchen when it was here in Vegas and I just love the hype around him..unfortunately,I wasn't that impressed by the food.. We went here a few months back for my dad's birthday. I got the "famous" beef wellington which was ok. I was hoping to be blown away but it was just ok. My dad got the rib-eye which was also good but there are other places in the city that are better. My mom got the chicken which I surprisingly liked out of all the dishes. We also ordered the mac and cheese which was delicious. I do have to say their complimentary bread has some of the best selections but that's pretty much it. Also,they don't give you a dessert for specials occasions which I found odd because most restaurants do. Oh well...probably not going back here but I am willing to try his other restaurants.
4	Hey how is everyone?! I am just reviewing gordon ramsay's steakhouse in Las Vegas. I went here in July and I just want to rate my experience. I'm using the KISS method, please let me know if you like this style.K- the place is really clean, very immaculate and the decor was great. There was no dust in sight.I- the place was immaculate, the hostess was very accommodating and dressed in professional clothes. The waiter and the helpers really represented the restaurant well.S- the service was grade a awesome. They put the napkin on your lap when they seat you. They let you see what the steak looks like before you order it, kind of like a desert tray. The water that they used was in a wine type bottle, so they used grade a water. The wait time was exceptional, and everything came out at the right time. They were also very attentive to us and filled our water whenever it was empty.S- overall satisfaction was good. This review would have been 5 stars but the steak was dry and not juicy at all. It was kind of shocking, I had the filet mignon. All the sides were really good, they had a great alcohol selection too. Overall, this place was great, the steak was good but not as good as I thought but everything else was just perfect!
3	Spend the kind of money this place charges, and you have the right to expect a meal experience perfectly tailored to you-- particularly if you have a food allergy. Our table got the tasting menu (you have you decide as a table) except one of our party has a gluten allergy. Not a self imposed gluten-free diet. A gluten allergy. And it was all but ignored. He was told to scrape the breading off of things, and just not to eat other things. All in all, I was disappointed that he had to pay the same price I did. Also, the food was average, not great, and the environment is loud and not befitting a fine meal. Bottom line: Not worth it, go somewhere else.
4	UPDATE: The manager of Gordon Ramsay Steak contacted me on Yelp, apologized, and offered to personally make us a reservation for Thanksgiving. I really appreciate it when restaurant managers take reviews seriously and make an effort to correct the mistake. We decided to take him up on it, and look forward to having a great time in a few weeks.
2	Food was ok and we ain't impressed.We ordered quite a few items from the appetizers menu and had the steaks of our likes.  The pan seared foie gras was dry and overcooked, i can make it better at home.  Gnocchi was mushy. Kurobuta pork belly, smoked beef tartar, crab soup were ok.  Hamachi tasted delicious.My hubby and I shared a roasted beef wellington for 2.  The steak itself was dry aged steak so it wasnt juicy, well seasoned, covered with the puff pastry.  The puff pastry was very mushy however the steak itself was delicious.We both love formal dinning but we are so fed up with those big name over price with so so quality of food.  Wish i can throw dishes like Mr Ramsay himself! haha!
5	Went there last month after a friend recommended this for a good steak.  This experience was one of the best dining experiences we've had.  Great staff, knowledgable, we never had to wave or ask for anything.  They were literally two steps ahead of us.  They kept our stomachs and glasses full the entire night.  The food and cocktails were amazing.  Our server was outstanding.  When in Vegas...go to to Gordon Ramsay Steak!  A must!
5	Butter for the  3 types of different bread was incredible! We got the the filet and  the Ribeye and wow... We usually go to Morton's for our Anniversary , but this tear we decided to change things up.  It surpassed all expectations. From the  loaded potatoes to the roasted heirloom carrots.  Everything was GREAT!  SLightly more than what you would pay at Morton's , but well worth it. Alex, our server, was awesome. If you go and get this guy, you'll be well taken care of.
5	Great burgers! Cant wait to eat here again! Good atmosphere and drinks too!  One of the best burgers i have ever eaten! Service was goid too! We usually eat at fancier places while in vegas, but this place was really good. Several types of french fries too!  Waiters show you a drink menu on an ipad. Fun place to eat!
5	Wow wow wow wow !!!!!! This place is amazing ... The level of ....service ......impeccable from our waiter Lumberto to our servers assistant incredible !! The bill is steep there is no doubt ... But I would say it is totally worth it ... Definitely will come again in our next trip !!!
4	This was my second time at the GRS, I actually stayed in the paris this time so I could easily get there.  I had the gnocchi app, wellington and sticky toffee dessert.  All and all, good but not as good as last time.  Last time I had the new york strip and no desert.   Both times I have gone I could not get a table and had to sit at the bar, no biggie, I really like the breads, the strip on trip one - great fantastic,  The wellington on this trip, the pastry was soggy and quickly fell apart, and there was two 0.5 sq" cubes of carrot and turnip - so when it says root vegetable and you are hungry get a side. The sticky toffee was great but man oh so filling and sweet.  All and all I was happy but like others I had high hopes, but you know Gordon  cant be everywhere.  Service and decor was great, people were very friendly,  all and all my meal was $120 I have paid more and got less but again had high hopes - the first time was better - at least my food wasnt RAWW!
5	Wow!! That's the best way to describe my experience. My wife and I ordered the American Filet and American Rib Cap and they were easily the 2 best steaks we've ever had. We shared the Mac n cheese for a side which we both loved as well and then the butter toffee pudding for desert. Every piece of food we had was amazing and plan on going back for sure. The service was also the best we've ever had. Our only complaint was that it was a little noisy but not enough to dock a star.
5	We had dinner here on 10/13/2014. We had gnocchi, pork belly to start, I had the bone in rib eye and my wife had the fishermans grill per the recommendation of our server Donnie. For sides we had potato puree and fingerling potatoes. Everything was great, I thought the highlight dish was the fingerlings, had just the right amount of parmesan and the truffle was right on not overpowering, everything blended well together. But the service (server Donnie) was over the top. Great job Donnie !!! Highly recommended !!!
5	The food was great, the environment was also great. The only issue I had was we were here for my moms wedding dinner. The waiter seated us upstairs next to Mr Hugh Heffner wannabe. He was in his 70s had 5 young asian girls at his table and it was very irritating and uncomfortable for my mom. These prostitutes need to get a real job! Other than that it was wonderful after they left, the waiter matched up wines accordingly. The sticky toffee was out of this world!
5	Wowwwwww and wowwwww, i was like... i can talk to my steak. I was talking to my steak and forgot all my friends who came with me. Wowwww.....
5	No one does Beef Wellington like Gordon Ramsey!!!  This would be our 3rd Gordon Ramsey restaurant, 1st in the U.S. But the other 2 were in London...and He never disappointed us yet!  My husband and I visited here on our last annual trip to Vegas for our anniversary and this is where we choose to celebrate our night!  Gordon Ramsey Steak is located in the Paris Hotel. Very nice ambience...  We dressed up knowing this would be a fine dining experience.  Upon entering what catches your eye is their very unique light fixture in the middle of the dining room which was explained to us as the strokes Gordon Ramsey takes when he makes his infamous beef Wellington, Hubby being a major Fan had to order it...again (he tried it in London).  We were seated in a very roomy booth.  We were handed an Ipad as a drink menu.  After ordering our drinks the waiter comes over with a tray showing us the different cuts of beef to choose from.  I ended up ordering a bone-in Rib Eye, which next time I'll have to remember to ask the price because I think that bone itself costs  an extra $50-60... Don't get me wrong the food was Delicious!!!   Just wasn't prepared when I saw our bill.  Lucky I wasn't the one paying lol ;P  The sides are ordered ala carte.  We ordered the cream spinach and fingerling potatoes.  Hubby had the beef Wellington.... My rib eye was cooked perfectly,  it was huge!  Everything was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  We really enjoyed our romantic dinner.  Service was great, very attentive, our hostess was even nice enough to take our picture on our way out.  We will continue to try out all his restaurants!
5	Best cut of meat in town. All the sides are good. The staff was informative about the dishes and made pleasant conversation. Been here several times and always send out of town friends here. Never heard one bad complaint yet.
5	I have been here twice and I have been impressed both times.  The beef wellington is worth it and for appetizer try the pork belly. If you're in vegas this is a must do at least once.
4	My review will be a bit strange because something strange happened on our visit to this place.I will start this by saying that it's not the restaurant's fault, and they handled the situation as well as they could have.Unfortunately, my side of the table where we were seated was one long bench, so you feel more connected to the other tables beside you. This is bad because a man at the table next to us had a bit too much wine to drink, and then threw up in his napkin. He then put his napkin down on the bench beside me and I actually saw the contents (this is how I knew he threw up since the whole thing was fairly discreet up to this point). It was so awkward... my husband saw him throwing up but did not mention it to me because he did not want me to feel sick, but then I saw the napkin contents and told my husband about it. Needless to say, we both felt sick and wanted to get the heck out of there. Unfortunately, we were only part ways through eating our steak! I left the restaurant right away since I really thought I was going to be sick. My husband followed close behind, after having a chat with management. We got 50% off the bill, which was a really nice gesture. One of those situations where it wasn't their fault, but it was their problem, I guess. We very much enjoyed our appetizers, and we were starting the enjoy the steak and sides when the incident occurred lol. One thing I did not like about the restaurant itself was how they bring out the meat cart. I get why they do it, but it turned me off a bit. I don't need to see that much raw meat, thanks. I know what a ribeye looks like. Not sure we'll be back again... I wouldn't want the gross memories spoiling an expensive dinner. It's a shame because the restaurant is definitely a good one.
5	I wasn't able to enjoy the full dining experience here, but did stop by the bar to enjoy a dessert. The Sticky Toffee Pudding is a terrific dessert, and because I arrived just before the dinner rush there was no problem being promptly served bypassing the ladies checking people in and sitting myself directly at the bar.The dessert comes with a hot toffee sauce and a "stick" of a delicious ice cream. Make sure you try them all in a single bite.The interior of the restaurant is also excellently designed, making for a pleasurable experience.
1	Wow!!! Very upsetting. Got greeted great and that's where it ended. Sat us at our table. Waited over 7 mins and not one person even came over to our table. Got up and left. Told the nice girl at the front, she tried to get us back to sit down but I wasn't about to return after waiting. If you are going to charge that kind of money for your food, your service better be top notch. Not what I expected for a Gordon Ramsey restaurant. I know it's a Saturday night at 11 but you should give the same service no matter what time it is. I hope this is not normal. I would like to try it again maybe sometime.
4	It was our second visit to this restaurant. The food is really great. The smoke tartar is really delicious and of course beef Wellington!!! I have to complain about noise level:( The music is too loud. Very hard to communicate with the servers:(
1	The restaurant is beautiful.  It all ends there.  The wait staff is so snobby and stuck up.  They have little to no knowledge of the different cuts of meat.  They also purposely mislead you to get you to spend more money.  The food was just ok, certainly nowhere near being worth the much too high prices.  There are far better steak houses on the strip like Prime, Capital Grille and The Steak House at Circus Circus.  This place is a total rip off, certainly deigned to be a tourist trap.  Stay away, trust me.
5	We dined here last night for my boyfriends birthday. The food was amazing. The service was also amazing. We ordered the chorizo stuffed lobster and the pork belly for appetizers. Both were equally delicious. For main courses I ordered the beef Wellington and my boyfriend ordered the bone in rib eye. I'm a total fan of Hell's Kitchen which is why I ordered the Wellington. It certainly did not disappoint. The meat literally melted in your mouth. While it was expensive, I felt it was worth every penny. I called ahead of time and ordered a dessert for his birthday. The sticky toffee pudding is spot on. ORDER IT! (If you have room) Great place to celebrate a special occasion!! We will be back!
3	I'm giving 3 stars for the food, I would have given more but the service (or more their attitude) brought my rating down. I had the Caesar salad to start and it was really nice, the mini scotch egg was a really nice touch. I then had the beef Wellington, it was pretty decent, it did come out a little reader than I would have liked but it was still very good. I finished off with the Chocolate creme pot which was small but very nice. Now for the service, although our server was attentitive I do not appreciate them making people feel stupid which is what ours did to members of our party by correcting when we ordered a cocktail but not by it's given name, it may sound petty but the way the server spoke to us left us all a little shocked. Also when we ordered water we were not given the choice of having tap water just bottled water and just the general demeanor of our wait staff left us feeling disappointed with our visit. We were celebrating a friends birthday and it definitely spoilt the atmosphere of our evening. All in all I would recommend this restaurant but our waiter needs to sort his attitude!
5	Hard for me to find anything wrong with this spot as I and 4 buddies came in front out of a town and had Saturday night dinner.  Wonderful service, really great presentation and one of the best steaks I have had.  Started with smoked beef tartar - the unveiling presentation was memorable.  Anyways, everyone enjoyed and this was a great start to a good night.  We have tried many good, really good steakhouses in Vegas.  To me this was the class as SW, Strip Steak or Kraft Steak.
4	Must try:American Kobe Rib CapLongbone chop Toffee puddingFrench press coffeeOverall experience was awesome.Mike the manager greeted us at the door and he was super friendly and made us feel welcome.  Thank you Mike!Our server Charles was awesome. He knew the menu, described everything perfectly and gave us great tips.  You rock Charles!I would have given this place a 5 star rating if it wasn't for the $9 a bottle charge for still water. Really??!! We didn't know that we were being charged for two bottles??  Not cool Gordon!  We started our culinary journey with an assortment of bread. Everything was delicious.  The pancetta bread was the best of the four varieties.  The butter was topped with sea salt and gave it a nice little punch and added texture. Nice touch Gordon!Charles surprised us with a little something to open our palate. The Amuse Bouche - scotch is a soft boiled quail egg over a bed of red wine braised cabbage.  The egg had a slightly crunchy shell and the yolk was a perfect consistency. The cabbage cut right through the fatty protein and gave it a nice clean crisp finish. Amazing!The four of us ordered 3 steaks and shared. It was still too much and we had leftovers. We ordered all steaks medium rare and all had a nice pink center.  The American kobe rib cap was our favorite. It had a nice char with a crispy flaky layer. We cut through it like butter. The meat had a different texture to the other steaks.
4	I want to give 5 stars but something was just lacking. Definitely not our server, Ted. He was excellent. Made us feel very welcome, offered excellent suggestions, was there when we needed him and just an overall, friendly, likable guy. I think maybe because we were put in an upstairs room, away from all the action of the main restaurant, in kind of an odd table, maybe that's what it was? Or maybe because I was not "blown away" by my steak. Here's what we had and my take on it:Crab soup: Delicious. Not a heavy, cream base, it was a bit like a bisque, had excellent flavor, plenty of crab.Carpaccio appetizer: I enjoyed it, but it was not the best. I would probably skip and try something different.Rib cap: it was suggested by Ted since we were leaning towards the bone-in ribeye. So glad we tried it, best cut of meat. Very tender with a really nice flavor, I would definitely order it.Prime New York Strip: it was just ok. They did cook it a perfect medium rare, so no complaints there, but definitely was not as tender or flavorful as the rib cap. For what I paid, I would have expected way better. I added the butter poached lobster tail to it, it was standard. And small :/Sides: Baked potato: wow, just a darn good baker, and plenty for two people. Mac and cheese: yeah, I know, we went on starch overload here, so probably should have tried the Brussels sprouts or I thought the okra looked interesting. It was a little heavy on the truffle oil. It was definitely good, but I've actually had better at other places. Dessert: Um, I have to jump on the bandwagon here...sticky toffee pudding...DONE! you will never have anything else like it. I'm pretty sure I've since had dreams about it. Nice touches: the French pressed coffee and the presentation it comes with, Amaretto, Bailey's and Chambord frozen spoons if you are into that. I just like mine plain with cream, it was excellent.We had a great time, thanks to the awesome Ted, as well as the other people who served us that evening. I don't think the restaurant is pretentious or snooty, we did not encounter any of that. But, would I ever go back for dinner, probably not. I could get equally good steaks in my opinion over at Mastros in Crystals. However, would I come in for a night cap of sticky toffee pudding and coffee, absolutely.
4	Delish!   Go hungry and don't order to much. My husband and I ordered the Kobe sliders & pork belly for  appetizer's.  Yum! For dinner we both ordered the beef wellington and omg so yummy. HUGE portion and we both got a side (baked potato is the size of my fore arm and the Mac & cheese super yummy),  we had so much in leftovers crazy!  No room for dessert but maybe we will go back tonight .  We had a 9pm reservation and were a bit nervous about dress code but we wore nice jeans and fit in just fine.
5	i must admit we had some anxiety about dining at gordon ramsey's steakhouse, particularly after eating at his burger spot (which was awful). so despite our misgivings we kept our reservation and were glad we did.this place was awesome! the beef wellington was off the charts as was my steak. the pork belly was also exceptional as was the lobster soup. service was very attentive and the atmosphere was relaxing albeit a bit different from your fathers steakhouse. enjoy
5	Best steak on the planet! I indulged on the ribeye cap, asperagus and baked potato. Can't go wrong here, just be prepared for $100 per person- not including appetizer or dessert.
4	Great service. They are very accommodating. The steak, outstanding. The American Wagyu Rib Cap Steak is excellent. It melts in your mouth. The special worchestire sauce compliment the steak well. The add foie gras give it good texture. The foie gras at Botero is better prepared though. Would recommend this place to anyone.
4	Everyone should try the season tasting menu for once, only 2000 customers will  be served. The best part is that you will receive an autograph from Gordon Ramsay ( Only 2000 will be accompanying with the tasting menu ). I will also recommend you order some dishes on the a la cart menu as  well since I feel hungry less  than an hour after I  have eaten...
5	I had to make reservations last minute for 10 of us and usually it's way too short notice but luckily I was able to get us in a private room upstairs and it was pretty special. All grades of steak was presented as a master piece and variety of excellent wines. All of us had excellent time.Price: PriceyStaff: Extremely professional and friendly. Environment: Classy and funKids: Yes.
5	Service was phenomenal as you would expect from a big name restaurant. Probably the best service I have ever experienced. It didn't seem pretentious like some other luxury restaurants. We had the fried oysters, ribeye, beef wellington, mac and cheese, creamed spinach, and the sticky toffee pudding.Ribeye was good. Tender, good flavor, cooked just right. If you love a fine piece of steak, you won't be disappointed.Beef Wellington was great. The beef melts in your mouth and the crusty pastry went well with it.The sticky toffee pudding was the best dessert I've ever had. It looks simple but the texture and flavor was unbelievably amazing.The atmosphere is not really "fine dining," it has a lively atmosphere with a lot of energy. It's a great fit for Vegas.I can't think of anything to complain about.
5	My wife and I had dinner here. We came there at the last minute so there was no chance for a table but the bar was open so we ate there. My wife and I split the prime cap. The best part of the rib eye. Bar service was AWESOME!!!Food was AMAZING!!!Highly recommend for a higher end experience.
5	So first off, I am a BIG fan of Gordon Ramsay! I never miss any of his shows and have been waiting to try one of his restaurants so when we decided to go to Vegas, eating at Steak was the number one thing we wanted to do. My husband and I ate here this past saturday while visiting LV. We started off with the Gnochi and Beef sliders. I don't like beef because I'm not a fan of the taste, BUT this was my one exception to where I would eat it. The gnocchi was okay, probably wouldnt order it again if I went back. The beef sliders were very delicious! From the presentation (theyre so small, but cute) to the taste. Definitely a must try. Like I said, a HUGE fan of all his shows - so the Beef Wellington was the main reason I wanted to check this place out and i must tell you, it totally surpassed all the hype that the dish has. It was really good! The beef melted in my mouth! Yumm! By this point, we were sooo full, I was about to explode it was so much food! lol From the yelp reviews, going in we knew we had to order the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert. The waiter recommended it as well. So, i have to say, it was the PERFECT ending to dinner. It was literally the BEST dessert we ever had. Dinner ended up being pretty pricey: $200 for gnocchi, beef sliders, 2 beef wellingtons, truffle mac n cheese and the sticky toffee pudding, and no drinks from the bar, but to say the least - the whole experience was amazing and food was delicious. Totally worth checking out, and so glad we got the chance to do so! Believe the hype!! :)
3	We dined there with a group of 10 in the upstairs dining room. Fun ambiance, excellent attentive service- we were seated around 8:00 pm and left at 11:00 pm. We were able to try quite a few items. Ordered cocktails from an iPad. The signature cocktail was refreshing and delish!- low alcohol though. My friend liked the kurobuta pork appetizer.  I loved the oyster trio appetizer- fresh and tasty! The house salad is so refreshing, much better than the romaine salad with whole baby romaine leaves! The Mac and cheese was ok- can be shared.  The loaded baked potato was perfectly awesome. The roasted chicken crispy skin was delish.  So was the braised pork.  I shared the medium prepared rib eye with a friend. The chef sliced it in thick pieces before serving. It was only ok- the exterior was quite charred, only a little pink inside, quite tough.  I was kinda disappointed. We had the toffee pudding with butter cream ice cream. The ice cream was shaped like a rectangle of butter.  So decadent!  The sticky toffee pudding was just ok.  Btw, I lost my sweater there.  It was rolled up in my open bag. While removing my oyster platter, some of the melted ice spilled in my bag.  While wiping up, I took out my sweater to dry.  In the dimly lit room, amongst dark colored napkins, a black dress and dark carpeting, my sweater was swallowed!  :(. Nonetheless, we had a grand time!  Although we were the last seating in the room, the Paris lost and found department reported that a black sweater was not turned in to lost and found.
3	Since we don't gamble in Vegas and had no interest in shows this go around, we decided to splurge for an amazing dinner.  My boyfriend wanted to try out some true, Kobe steak and we decided that the great Gordon Ramsay couldn't disappoint.  We headed in with a good giggle over the hostess' uniforms (black dresses, bright red lips and pocket watches as necklaces...they all looked like some weird vampire cult) and decided to grab a drink at the bar while we waited for our (reserved) table. This only took us around ten minutes, but I was already disappointed.  Their drink menu is pretty standard, focusing on lighter, fresh drinks that pair pretty well with the heavy menu.  I was very excited to see the English Garden came with "basil infused rock candy", having a sweet tooth and loving herbal drinks I thought this would be fun.  Unfortunately their 'rock candy' is actually a brand of simple syrup instead of actual rock candy.  I thought this was rather underhanded. Everyone reading the menu expects actual rock candy, and I watched another girl go through the same disappointment as she got her drink. Things just continued to go downhill as we were seated.  The restaurant is rather dim and loud as other reviewers pointed out, but also they are trying to apparently cram as many people as possible into the place.  Our table for two was crammed in with several others along a bench seat.  I could barely get in (and I'm on the small side) without worrying about jostling the table next to me.  Definitely ask to be seated in one of their booths if you have the option.  I was closer to the girl seated at the next table then my boyfriend at ours.   Along with the loud music this ruined any intimate atmosphere for the dinner. Our waiter was pretty decent, but pretty inattentive all around for this level of restaurant.  I also couldn't hear half of what he said, and it was too dark and our table not set up right for us to actually see anything on their famous wheeled mirror table to show off their meat 'tableside'  (it was actually directly behind my boyfriend who was the only one interested and he couldn't even see it without getting out of his seat).  They also are very strict about only having  a tasting menu for part of the table, which I suppose makes sense in theory, but less in actual practice.  That being said, even with me being as grumpy as I was as the meal started (I was trying to convince my boyfriend to leave), the food was phenomenal.  Everything from the delicious prosciutto bread starter (I could live off that alone for the rest of my life and be completely happy), to my beef wellington to my boyfriend's steak was absolutely perfect.  I could go on for paragraphs about the food, but I won't.  Don't come for the atmosphere, don't come for the drinks, but the food is amazing.  If you plan ahead (get a better table, skip the drinks and focus on the food), you will have a great experience.
5	The Steak was a great cut (bone-in ribeye - nice and marbled)  that was cooked to perfection! With not much gristle either - just a nice, thick cut of meat. After all the he hype on the beef Wellington, The table was split on whether to try it or not. None of us have had before and were intrigued. But after the knowledgeable waitress gave us her honest opinion we decided to order our own dishes and all split the Wellington 3 ways. I'm very glad we did that; the Wellington ended up being just "okay,"  almost like an overpriced empanada. Thanks to the waitress (if I can only remember her name)  for saving us from regret that night. All sides were awesome too, including fingerling potatoes, Ramsey's special mac&cheeze, and creamed corn (by far the best). No meal is complete without desert: we had the signature toffee pudding cake and French press coffee. The coffee was good but it did seem like they were trying to hard when they brought 3 chocolate covered spoons with different shots of liquor to add to your coffee. Didn't try any of them as I'm not a big fan of amaretto, bailey's or any other alcohol in my coffee.A quick suggestion if you're a wine drinker: bring your own bottle. The markup is atrocious (seriously, the $35 prisoner was listed at $120 and the $60 caymus was listed at $180, the caymus special reserve that normally goes for $130 was at an astonishing $340.
4	This wasn't one of my go-to restaurants on my list when I took a recent trip to Las Vegas. However, due to its namesake, my girlfriends (otherwise known as "foxpack" - yes, alluding to the infamous Hangover 1, 2, and 3 - primarily 1. Female version of "wolfpack") truly wanted to try this place out. I, the snooty foodie/social media snob, courteously obliged. And, whaddya know, gladly so!I was pleasantly impressed from beginning to end. Perhaps, because I didn't expect too much. The interior exudes "sexy" - red lighting, hot hostesses, the works. FOOD: - Dry-Aged Bone-In Ribeye ($59) so moist and juicy. If you're a steak lover, you'll love this - it's perfectly seared and cooked, with perfect marbling and beef flavor.- Lobster Wellington flaky pastry exterior, sealing a moist and properly-cooked lobster within. The Beef Wellington is their signature, but for seafood lovers, this was the perfect alternative. - Mac & Cheese ($13) plus freshly-shaved truffles ($14 additional)best side ever. The mac & cheese was decadent, but not overbearing. It had the right amount and variation of cheeses to elevate the dish. The truffles took it over the edge. Each bite was bliss. - Foie Gras ButterCould've done without this sauce. It was much too heavy, and did not compliment the steak, as I assumed it would originally. COFFEE:the coffee service really "wow-ed" me. When a latte was ordered by my friend, 3 beautiful chocolate-dipped tablespoons came out. Each spoon had a letter: A, B, and C. A stood for Amaretto, B for Bailey's, and C for Cognac. It was to flavor the coffee. I was blown. This was taking service to another level.While this isn't my favorite restaurant in the world, I would definitely be willing to go back upon another visit to Sin City.
5	Impressive. I had the most wonderful meal here that was in the top 5 of steak experiences. I got the onion soup which is the best onion soup I have ever had. Next up was the bread which was fantastic but I did not want to ruin dinner as it was a double baked potatoe and the American cap. Never had one before but based on recommendation from the wonderful woman sitting next to me at the bar and the bar tender I got it. WOW!!!
4	My girlfriends came to celebrate my bachelorette party :) the service here is excellent, of course for the price, I would hope so! My sister and I shared the infamous beef Wellington, perfect size, great flavor. It was more amazing in person than on tv ;). I give it a 4-star as my girls got some decent steaks, but not my favorite. Also, another got hers medium rare, and it was gushing blood.... The first time, they said it was normal, but as she got closer to the center, it was literally rare and cool. Kinda killed that part of dinner as she waited for it to get cooked longer. We ended with the chocolate cake, which I'm typically not a fan of, and it was rich and delicious. I would come back, probably just for the Wellington :)
1	I emailed this review to a manager via Caesar's website, and received essentially no follow-up, other than "thanks for the feedback."  While I understand that there is no obligation to issue a credit/refund, an apology would have been appreciated, particularly as this was a dinner for a special event.
4	Located in Paris Hotel Casino on the Famous Las Vegas Strip. So I will start by saying that I think Mr. Ramsey is a bit of a bully, who is so critical of others food that his had best be impeccable. Close to impeccable but not as perfect as his insane tantrums would warrant. That being said everything is pretty great. I had the "Hell's Kitchen" seasonal price fix dinner. All was great, the beef wellington was just under great and a little disappointing as this is one of his signature dishes. I will say our server was great. I would also suggest that the signature cocktails have some more non gin options, I know it's supposed to British but how much nature boy can you get? Still worth a stop in for a special dinner. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	This dining experience did not disappoint!  From the amazing bread, to the famous Beef Wellington for 2!  The service is impeccable, food outstanding, and the atmosphere was beautiful.  The Wellington was tender enough to cut with a fork, and that is not an exaggeration!  We will be back, 5 stars+++, just go and enjoy the experience, you cant get it many places!
2	Friday night 8:00 reservation for 4 Nov 7th.My new favorite Martini olive!  Blue cheese, onion and bacon! Yum!Our dinner waiter was awful.  First thing he asked was do you want drinks and since we all had drinks I said we don't want drinks. He handed me an IPad and I started looking for the dinner menu.. I ask where on the menu is the dinner menu and he tells me that the tablet is the drink menu.He brings out the paper menu and I order two orders of bone marrow apps. he then tells me they don't have bone marrow apps and they have always been on the accompaniment menu. Then he tells me he can serve them as apps..I guess he wanted to show how knowledgeable he was.. whatever.Anyway, I request fresh brioche to come out with the marrow. The brioche come out (cold) and ten minutes later the marrow comes out. It comes time to order and I ask for the fattest rib-eye. He asked how I wanted it and I said 118 degree center. He looked at me like I was on Mars. Since he seemed confused and not happy with my precision, I said between rare and medium rare. He was not happy with that either and corrected me with "rare plus?". Sure.My friend requested mayonnaise with the Asparagus side and the server said they didn't offer mayonnaise and he would like whatever sauce it was served with (my words).My steak comes out at about 90 degree center.. full on rare.  Fluck. At this point I really don't care for this guy. Four minutes later he comes by to check and I tell him my steak is way too rare. He starts to explain about how steaks are prepared and I cut him off and tell him to stop talking and the next time I see him he should have my steak in his hand and done right.It came back just fine but would have been better if it didn't have to be fired twice.When the steak came back i asked the servers assistant for some mayo and he offered up some aioli with professionalism. On to the food.The bone marrow apps didn't have a lot of marrow in them. The last three times we were here they were done the way I do them. First pick the bones that are full and set aside the less full ones. These were the bones I would have tossed.They were tasty, just not enough marrow. I only ordered two servings based on the size of the servings the last three times.The Asparagus and Okra sides needed a bit more seasoning.My friends rib-eye was perfect as well as the two beef wellingtons.
2	My 5th time dining here Sat, Nov 7th, and always a highlight of my trip to Las Vegas. I have in the past rated Gordon Ramsey Steak a 5 star.Not so on this night.. Our waiter Umberto was not great. Too much in my personal space when explaining things Arrogant and obnoxious.Music was way..way too loud. We couldn't talk at all. Hey, I love music, but just way over the top LOUD!. Food was average at best. Short ribs did not come as explained on menu. Side of fingerling potatoes were hard as marbles. Umberto came over to pour us more wine, but left us sitting there for 20 minutes with dirty plates in front of us without notifying bus boy to remove them. My Mother was furious, as we had invited friends to dine with us who had never been, and we were embarrassed. We just couldn't wait to get out of there! Asked if we wanted dessert, and we said no, but manager did send over 2 sticky toffee puddings on the house. Very nice gesture, but with all the new restaurants in Las Vegas, this will be a pass from now on. With the high prices, I expect superb service and food. In all fairness, we ate at the Pub the following night, and had a wonderful experience again there.
1	I lost all respect for Ramsey after I ate here with my husband late night. For a man known for saving restaurants he can't even take care of serving good food in his own restaurant! We ordered fisher's man grill - $49.95 the plate was VERY small. That's fine with fine dining small portions, but I expected that each piece of item presented should be of top quality. BUT...Lobster- small tail tasteless, over cookedMussels- 2 on the plate were the size of raisinsSalmon- taste fishyTuna- tastelessScallops - 1 piece on the plate ( good)Side of spinach - $12This is acceptable Would never go back again.No wonder most of the restaurants he help failed a year or 2 after he left. He can't even take care of his own restaurant. If you have a failing restaurant, just close it. Don't be a joker on his show.
4	As far as steakhouses go, this one won't fail to impress if you're visiting Vegas. I've been watching Gordon Ramsay shows for years, so I was very curious what standard he holds for his own places. I've been to a few other "celebrity" chef restaurants in the past that have been a pretty big disappointment, but this was very good. To some, rolling out a cart of uncooked steaks showing you options might be off-putting, but I loved it. The server convinced me to try the Rib Cap and I'm not sure I've had a better cut of beef. I only have to knock it down for the atmosphere, I know this is Vegas, but I was hoping for a more quiet spot. The vibe was very much like a Vegas night club and it was a bit difficult to concentrate. Definitely took away from the tasty meal.
5	I have loved Gordan Ramsey from the first episode I saw of Kitchen Nightmares on the BBC.  So it was obvious that when I was in Vegas for my sister's wedding, I had to go here. I made reservations online about 2 months in advance for myself, boyfriend, and another couple who shares the love for Ramsey also! That was quick and easy! We arrived at 7 and we're brought right to our table. The hosts were super friendly and ours told us a little about the restaurant and decor. Our waiter arrived and he was amazing! Seriously top notch service, which should be at a place like this, but I had never had this type of experience. He was so funny and knowledgeable and gave us the perfect amount of time to decide what we want. He also brought over the cool meat tray so we could see the meats they have to offer. We ordered the kobe beef sliders, crispy pork belly, and foie gras for appetizers. Everything was delicious as expected. The foie gras was probably one of the best things I have ever eaten. I was hesitant to try it at first but it is so so flavorful and delicious! If there is one appetizer you try make it this! For dinner I ordered the filet, my boyfriend had the beef short rip, and the other couple ordered the seafood mix and porterhouse steak. We ordered fingerling potatoes and truffle Mac for sides. Everyone ate every last bit! Steak was cooked perfectly and was so delicious! For dessert we both had the sticky toffee pudding. OMG can I just eat this 24/7? Gooey, chocolate, crunchy, melty, everything you dream of goodness! I hope I can come back here next time I'm in Vegas, if for nothing else the dessert! Totally worth the price and the experience was great! Overall the dinner took 3 hours, which is sort of crazy, but was well worth it.
1	Very disappointed!  Will start out with my only positive...our waiter was very good and he knew his stuff...too bad the food didn't match his ability...I had to literally try to saw the meat to get a piece off the steak (rib eye)...had to go to a show so no time to ask for another one.  Worst steak I have had in many many years.  Also the seating could have been better...tables literally on top of each other...my wife's birthday and not much chance to carry on a conversation without the people on both sides of us knowing what we were saying.  Won't be back!
5	Caesar salad with scotch eggAmerican rib capBone in rib eyeAsparagusMac and cheeseHK antioxidant cocktailSticky toffee with brown butter ice creamFive stars straight up.  The ONLY thing I would comment on is that the mac & cheese was a bit heavy-handed with the the truffle oil - making it incredibly rich.  Couldn't eat a lot of it.  Other than that... one of the best meals I've had in my many years going to Vegas. OK, the only OTHER thing I would comment on - being a huge fan of Hell's Kitchen, it was disappointing to learn that I couldn't order their special HK menu unless our entire table ordered the same thing.  Don't think I'll ever get to try it.
4	If there was an option for it, I can give it a 4 and half stars rating. This restaurant has almost everything going for it; the look, the vibe, the quality staff and the amazing dishes but it's still missing something. Can't quite grasp what it is. The drinks are awesome here, especially the sidecar, perfect balance of Hennessey and Cointreau. The blue crab soup was really good. The cold shrimp appetizer wasn't that good. Wish we hadn't  ordered that. However, Gordon Ramsay's famous Wellington lives up to it's expectations. The hype is real !
5	I eat out a lot. I don't watch tv but I know Gordon is famous so I was not sure if this place would be just hype. I had the ribeye and holy shit I was blown away. Delicious. This place is worth it's own trip to Vegas. The dinner with 2 drinks for each of us in party of 3 with 3 steaks and some vegi sides was $500 but well deserved. The server was fantastic. The service exceptional. I'm sold. I can wait to go back here again and bring friends.
5	By far the best quality I have had. Definitely met my expectations being a gordon Ramsey restaurant. We had a party of 12 and all ordered some type of cut ranging from the rib eye, porterhouse, etc. everyone was quite pleased and cooked to perfection.
3	In my opinion this place is overhyped because of the name attached to it. My issue(s) with this place: as have been echoed by many other reviews, the atmosphere is not what you expect for a $50 (minimum) a plate kind of place. The service was clearly catered to larger parties, such as the loud one of 11+ sitting in the same room as us. There were times when we would ask for water to have to wait until a new person walked by and we could stop them and ask for some water. The food was good, but nothing to write home to your mom about. I enjoyed by chicken (know that if you order it there is a 40 minute cooking wait time) but some of it was too" decadent". Rich with too many flavors at points as if the chef was really trying to show off how to use truffle oil crunchy crap and what not. I do have to say that the hostesses were nice. I just really wish someone would have asked the party sitting next to us to lower their volumes especially when one of them started to get vulgar
4	I went into this dinner with high expectations and sadly they we not met. Don't get me wrong the food was amazing but it just didn't live up to the hype.The only reason why I'm not rating it 3 stars is because of the amazing waitress we had that night. She was sincere with her suggestions, witty and just an absolute doll the whole night. She really made the dinner experience great. With that said, now the reason why I would have given it 3 stars.The beef Wellington was talked up by many reviews and it was in my sights before I arrived. While I was there I asked many questions about the dish and received a luke warm response. Once the meat tray, yes the meat tray came out with raw cuts of beef for you to choose, modeled by a Vanna White like waitress, I bailed on the Beef Wellington. I instead opted for the American Rib Cap that was simply one of the most tender cuts of beef I have tried. It wasn't over powered by seasoning allowing the true taste of the cut to come through. Like any respectable red blooded meat lover should order their steak, I of course went medium rare. This cut can be compared to a skirt/flank steak, just a high end version of it. This is where I run into a problem, sure it's a great cut of beef but that's it. It's not something I would expect from chef "Ramsey the Great" in all his glory.  His name may be on the restaurant but he's not cooking the meal. You might be thinking I may be harsh but that is hardly the case my dear sir or madam. I have eaten at the Pub by Ramsey which was ehhh. Also near by Burgr which is hands down UH-Mazing!!! I am an avid foodie especially in Vegas eating on and off the strip. Dives and high end swanky places as well. That is why I can say objectively I was not impressed. I also had three sides. Mac & Cheese, Fingerling Potatoes and Bourbon Cream Corn. The corn hands down was the best out of the three. It even out shined the steak. Yea I said it and what?! Finally, I finished my meal with what I have to describe as a life altering experience... Sticky Toffee Pudding.  The moistness throughout the cake, the presentation, THA sauce... Tha Sauce... It was perfection through every single bite. It simply just melted in your mouth and made me forget in that moment that I most likely wouldn't dine here again. Was the food bad? No, it was great! Was it over priced? Absolutely without a doubt for the quality I received.  You may be thinking I'm your everyday cheapo but think again. I have spent much more for a meal than I did at "Steak" but it was worth every penny. Here I simply was cheated out of my money as many are in the casinos. By the way, our dinner party split the Beef Wellington and it wasn't even edible. It was an over-priced and poorly made empanada (Latin American stuff pastry).  Granted I was warned about it but I couldn't shake the curiosity. In my case, curiosity killed this cat... If you are looking for an amazing steak, check out my other reviews. My concluding thoughts. If an establishment has a celebrity name attached to it, it doesn't guarantee an amazing meal.  Remember sometimes it's all smoke and mirrors what we see on TV.
5	I did not even eat here and still I am more impressed with this restaurant than any other. Do you want to know why? I came to the front of "Steak" around 11:30 on a Wednesday morning hoping to treat myself to a good lunch. When I approached the hostess she informed me that they were only open for dinner. I asked her if she had any recommendations for a good lunch and she unbiasedly suggested a French restaurant nearby. As I walked away I thought to myself, "What a classy joint this must be to pay a hostess to stand outside of a restaurant while they're not even open to help customers before they even come to eat. Leave it to a Gordon Ramsay establishment! A+.
5	We had such an amazing time. The restaurant decor had a modern look. The food was delicious. For starters they gave us, 3 different types of breads and they were delicious. We started off with oysters. They were from new york, Chicago and Washington. I'm not a big oyster person but these were so fresh and exceptional. My husband had the beef Wellington and I had the beef short ribs. The beef Wellington was so tender that it was cooked to perfection and my ribs were so soft that no knife was needed to cut the meat and the sauce was so good that I wanted to lick the plate. For dessert we had a sticky toffee cake and it was to die for. It was warm and sweet and the slice of ice cream balance the sweetness of the cake. I would definitely recommend  and go back to this restaurant when we return to Vegas!
3	Maine lobster app - three incredible bites.Beef Wellington main. - tender meat, cooked to perfection, needed salt.Wife had salmon main - excellent piece of fish, flaky, well seasoned.Music way too loudPrices way too highDid not meet hype.
4	Pretty hard four star restaurant in my opinion, taking into account that this is THE, Gordon Ramsay restaurant. The food was good, but I'll just go down a quick list of things I took notice of. First, the attire for the hostesses was very tacky for a restaurant in my opinion... Especially a classy one like this place. When we arrived for our reservation, we were sent into the bar area to aimlessly await someone to seat us. Inside this place a beautiful. We were seated in this massive booth upstairs which overlooks the downstairs seating area. The waitress arrived in a very classy/cute outfit and also had a helper which was nice.... Kind of like having two people wait on you.We were served a variety of complimentary breads to start things off. All of them were wonderful and done very well. I almost felt like asking for seconds.Our waitress presented us with a custom made cart which was arranged with all the different cuts of beef they serve. We chose to stick with the tried and very true Bone-in Ribeye (med rare), a loaded baked potato side, asparagus and to start the meal... A French onion soup. The French onion soup was delicious. I couldn't exactly taste the cheese and there wasn't a crunchy top layer.. But the soup flavors were great and this probably falls into my top two onion soups... The first being Papillon in Fremont Ca. If Gordon Ramsay gave this more of a gooey cheesy top layer with fried bits.. It may beat the best (so far in my experience at least).The steak arrived pre-cut and perfectly cooked. I don't get the pre-cut... But it didn't bother me and still tasted amazing. Aged to perfection and had great marbleization. Juicy, tender and thick. I like to gnaw on my ribeye bones so I went to town on that too. A good steak doesn't need anything to compliment it. Just meat and a perfect caramelization.The loaded baked is large but wasn't done the best. It came with a sort of country gravy which I didn't care for. No chives, no sour creme and I don't think it even had cheese... But I may be wrong. The worst part for me was that the outside wasn't salty and crunchy how I enjoy my baked potatoes. If I knew this, I would have opted for a different side.The asparagus was perfectly cooked... But lacked much flavor besides the flavor of asparagus... Which is fine if that's all you really want. I like mine with a roasted/grill flavor or at least some garlic and seasonings, so that would have been nice.Of course our meal wasn't complete without a dessert. we ordered the Coconut Cake which had pineapple and passion fruit-guava sorbet. This dish was very nicely done! Light, flavorful, not too sweet and unique. I definitely recommend trying it.Overall our experience was good. The ambiance was nice, the food was good, the steak was even better and I would not hesitate at spending $150 for another steak dinner here at Gordon Ramsays Steak.
4	If this review was solely based on the mac & cheese then it would easily receive my five stars. Unfortunately, that is not the case and it is difficult to get five stars out of me (unless bribed--just kidding, kind of.) I firmly believe that the dining experience cannot solely be based on the food alone.  It is about the energy, the ambience, style, timeliness, service, the quality of the ingredients used, and the food itself. Overall, Gordon Ramsay lived up to each of these which is why if asked if I would eat here again, my answer would be a resounding YES!
4	I LOVE this place. The food is really good.I've eaten here twice. Once in bar, once in dining room.Would give 5 stars but music is too loud. I really don't get that.Corkage was $35 but they want to know what you are bringing (maybe if it's on their list they want you to buy theirs. It wasn't)Suggest you always order  different entrees so you can sample each others. We made the mistake of ordering the Wellington for 2 the first time, but now we'll just keep going back until we try everything. Don't order too many apps. They are big enough to share. The baked potato is GIANT. I got it for my vegetarian daughter and she ate 1/4 of it.Sticky toffee pudding is a must try. We didn't get it the second time because we over ordered on apps.Next time I want to try a steak, but COME ON, 32 oz? Was I drunk when I read that?Probably.Vegas Baby
3	We were first seated at the 2-top at the top of stairs next to the bussing station and where every meal comes in and out of the kitchen.  We waited 10-15 minutes for service, and asked to be reseated.  We were kindly reseated next to the wine closet in the back corner downstairs.  Every time they needed to serve a bottle of lower-priced wine (high priced wine is stored elsewhere) somebody came and put their butt in our face as they opened the closet to get wine out.  It's not really a closet -- it's a double-deep fancy glass door case, by the way.Anyway, we waited another 10-15 minutes for service.  We ordered the tasting menu with wine pairing -- $220 a pop.  First few courses were mediocre.  Beef Wellington was awesome and the dessert was awesome.Overall -- not worth the price.  Good, but not great.  And certainly not a $500 dinner for two given the service and complete lack of ambience.
5	I think I may have found my favorite steakhouse in Vegas, so far. We booked about a month ahead for reservations. When we arrived,we got seated upstairs.  I liked the entrance of the restaurant. The downstairs is more lively than the upstairs. We got seated upstairs and although it is quieter and more private it's nice to be in the action of the restaurant sometimes. But for a large group it might be nice having your own space upstairs. I enjoyed the meat cart, but it makes it hard for indecisive people like myself. We got the porterhouse for 2 and it was perfect. It was precut and that would bother some people, but not me. Someone in our party got beef Wellington, it was good but I enjoy the steak. Loaded baked potato, Mac and cheese, and creamed spinach. The sides were excellent. For dessert was Sticky toffee pudding with vanilla bean ice cream that looks like butter. Great presentation with the knife through the "butter." Service was on point. Expensive $$$ but if my hubby wants to take me here for a special occasion, I won't say no.
5	As a Ramsay fan..... This place was like heaven; however it's quite hard to make reservations. We were lucky that we walked in randomly and got a seat. Before you order, waitresses bring iPads to show pretty photos of drinks and interesting gifts of Ramsay that you can purchase .Fur gras (best I ever had ) Beef willington (even though it takes 90 minutes to prepare, it's so worth it. It melted on my teeth) Stick pudding (another must have) South side drink was quite good ( ask them about the story behind the spoon in the drink) Service was amazing. I got shiitake mushroom and potato as sides, they were wayyyyyyyyyyy too salty. When the waitress asked if everything was alright I didn't want to complain. All I said was how it was good but a lil on the salty side .The minute after the manager came over and replaced the salty ones with freshly made new plates that is perfectly seasoned . Super impressive
5	This is the best steak I have ever had in my life and I felt compelled to add a review based off of what some of the other reviewers have wrote here. Some people have said the food was so bad that they cried from sadness? What? I feel sorry for anyone who tasted this meal and had tears of sadness forming from it. That is ridiculous and absolutely not true. There were also some statements that after their horrible meal they went down stairs and ordered pizza instead. My god people get off your high horses and just enjoy a well crafted meal. The rib cap was amazing! Highly recommended. The beef Wellington was also a favorite of mine as welll. Mix in some Mac and cheese with a baked potato and you have a glorious meal to dig in on. Wine was reasonably priced and I absolutely got my monies worth. Will be back and again, best steak ever.
3	Even with all the hype this place has, it was just "ehhh" for me. I ordered the King Crab appetizer, which was tiny and really bland. The Oysters were nothing special; not bad, just nothing special. The Beef Tartare was also just OK. The Mac n Cheese and Potato Puree were both really good side dishes.For entrees we ordered the Bone In Ribeye and the Beef Wellington. I'm not sure what a Beef Wellington is supposed to taste like, but what we were served, I was not a fan of. The Ribeye, however, was tasty and cooked very well.Another negative was the location of our table. We were sat directly behind the kitchen line where their staff was constantly joking, laughing, and overall being really loud. It was tough to keep a conversation when you had six or seven guys screaming throughout our meal.What saved the meal for me was the Sticky Toffee dessert. I'm not a dessert guy, but I would absolutely go back just for this and a beer to wash it down. It's a complex combination of flavors and textures that I've never really tasted before. Major WOW factor.To me, Gordon Ramsay Steak is a good, but not great restaurant. There were a lot of positives, but too many negatives for me to rate this any higher.
5	Being Ramsey fans my husband & I had to go here when we were on honeymoon in Vegas.  This place did not disappoint.  It was all we imagined & more. We had the beef sliders, Beef Wellington, sea bass, mac & cheese,  & creamed corn. Evening was delish!  It was a splurge that was well worth it.
5	We celebrated our Anniversary at Gordon Ramsay this past Wednesday 11/19.  This was a huge splurge for us and so our expectations were pretty high.  We stayed at the Paris Hotel and so it was super convenient.  The hostesses were great!  We chatted with them the night before and so upon arrival they remembered us, gave  us compliments and made entering more inviting.   The hostess that seated us, shared With us that the funky cool neon chandelier represents Gordon Ramsays hand movements while making the beef Wellington.  Cool little fact.  Any way, once seated we were then greeted with the servers assistant, he made sure everything was properly set up, waters stayed full, etc.  we then met our waiter Dennis!  He is fantastic!!!  We were offered an iPad of drinks that are designed to cleanse the palate!  Yummy and refreshing!  Then came time to start ordering!  We started with the kurobuta pork belly and  the Hudson valley foie gras.  Both were delicious!!!!  The foie gras melts in your mouth and the little goat cheese pop overs were the absolute best!!  We were also served the bread.  I don't eat bread but the little onion swirly roll was so flakey and the butter with volcanic sea salt... Dang good!  Our main course was a tough decision.  This is where our server really impressed me.  While feeling inclined to order the  beef Wellington since it's a popular dish he made the deciding factor easy... "do you want a steak that's been baked or seared". Love the honesty.  We both ordered the highly recommended beef cap.  Best piece if meat I've ever had!  We Aldo ordered more foie gras, asparagus, ginger shiitakes, and bone marrow .  All were fabulous but the bone marrow was not good... At all :(  we ended our night with sticky toffee pudding like everyone else!  We never ever order desert... It's the best stuff!!!   We had a fabulous time!!!!
4	The food and service was great, we went on vacation last week...we had the Beef Wellington and it was good, service was great...the house is from front to back like I would expect from Gordon...like clock work...I would recommend not Beef Wellington...go with the real steaks...the tables  next to us raved...Beef Wellington was good but I realized the reason I never order this is I like grilled meat!  Sides were great and we had really great bottle of wine...I want to be the Sommelier here..just saying, he has spot on and a great recommendation for us!
5	Gordon Ramsay, you've set up an awesome establishment! The food is bomb.comThe service is bomb.comThe ambience is bomb.comAnd did I mention the food is bomb.com? Your Beef Wellington lived up to the hype! Awesome!
5	This was by far the pinnacle of my dining experiences so far. We ordered the shrimp cocktail, which was very different from the norm but delicious and refreshing with the cucumber cocktail sauce. The shrimp were huge and meaty. We also ordered the American filet and the wellington. My friend likes her steak well done and even at that the filet was cooked so well that you could cut it with a fork. The wellington was delicious. The only thing I would do differently next time is for a light touch on the truffles. We split the mac and cheese as a side and, while it was very different, it was delicious.  The service was stellar. Our waiter Anthony took care of our every need and was so patient and knowledgeable about the menu. This was serious the best dining experience I've ever had. Money well spent and I'm glad I did it.
5	Our favorite steakhouse in Las Vegas. As locals we are hard to impress but
4	Very nice restaurant, flawless service, excellent cocktails.Most of the table had different types of steaks and sides after getting full explanation/demo of the steak display.Sommelier has excellent suggestion for the wine based on our preferences and order.Everyone raved about the crab soup.One not-so-trivial problem: the steak knives were pretty but useless.  They were chosen because of how they looked, not for their function: Too slender for an adult's hand, trying to balance on the plate between bites usually fell on floor, and not sharp enough to properly cut.
5	My prejudice against celebrity chef restaurants is that they're good enough, but way too expensive for what you're getting. After all, you're paying for the name, right?  Well, I was happy to be proven wrong at Gordon Ramsay Steak.First, the prices are about the same as any other fine steakhouse on the Strip (granted, most of those are celeb chef joints as well).  But in light of the quality of the food, service, and experience, I thought GRS was actually pretty darn reasonable.  We started with the seared foie gras app, which I order almost everywhere it's offered.  The GRS version is a goat-cheese-stuffed popover and apricot sauce with the seared foie - altogether simply amazing.  Then we split the Beef Wellington for two (a bargain at just a hundred bucks), and after the first bite I understood why this is the GRS signature dish.  The duxelle, prosciutto, and puff pastry really enhance the flavor of the meat, which was the most tender tenderloin I've ever had (and I've eaten at a LOT of steakhouses).  We also split the asparagus side dish, totally fresh and yummy.  My dinner companion was slightly disappointed by the signature dessert, the sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream, but I thought it was amazing, every bit as good as advertised.  I had the peanut butter chocolate crunch, which was drop-dead awesome (and I don't even like chocolate!).The service was first-rate, always attentive, very well-informed (knew every detail of the menu like the back of their hand), and didn't even blink when I asked for a weird check split (I agreed to pay for the alcohol, my dinner companion paid for the food).  The only downer was that I didn't much care for the interior of the place.  I read about the Chunnel-themed entrance that cost an arm & a leg to build, but it didn't look nearly as cool as it did in photos.  I also thought the music was a bit loud; it made conversation a bit difficult.  But the food and service were so top-notch that those are minor quibbles.  I would definitely go back to Gordon Ramsay Steak again (and again).
4	Dined before la reve at Wynn. Service was above average and extremely professional, but had lengthy wait for quick desert and bill. All food met and exceeded expectations. Caesar salad & octopus for apps. Both amazing. Very simple Caesar with amazing flavor and perfect dressing. Filet and Wellington for entree. Both cooked perfectly and most likely best steak to date. We went right at 430 when opened. Recommend a later reservation. If bottled water service is not important to you, request tap and have an extra martini.  Great, great dinner - just not 5 star wow.
4	Hello everyone sow my girlfriend and I had to visit this steakhouse located in Paris hotel and casino. I must say when I walked in past the doorways the place looked magnificent. I loved the modern look that it had when you got past the tunnel. The lights in the center of the restaurant were pretty cool and what the lights represented were cool too.TIP!!!! Now first things first! For all of you new people who are going to dine here for the first time. When they ask you if you want Still or Sparkling water keep in mind BOTH cost money. If you want free water like myself then ask for TAP water! Or your going to be charged!Now that that is out of the way onto the food! I ordered the rib eye cooked medium. And when it came out it looked great and was cooked to how it was supposed to be cooked. The only complaint I had was a small portion of my steak was seared a bit too much so the crust was very hard.My girlfriend got a filet cut which was very tender but the center was about a medium rare compared to the medium that she ordered. But it was very tender and flavorful and in my opinion was better than my rib eye.We also ordered two sides. The pureed mashed potatoes which were creamy and delicious and the asparagus which were cooked very nicely.I honestly did like the restaurant but I feel there are other steakhouses that can beat this one. Have fun!
5	Gonna keep this short and simpleWhen you first sit down, if you don't want to pay for water - ASK for TAP WATER.  Their still / mineral water both costs money.We got the gnocchi -the flavors were amazing.  It was fun eating them all together and then piece by piece to figure out how the flavors complement each other.The breads (FREE) -holy crap... I loved all their different breads.  The truffle one and cheddar one is to die for.  Nice flaky and SAVORY.Beef Wellington (for 2) - you get 2 individual plates, it's just a larger beef wellington cut in half.  The filet mignon was soooo tender and the puff pastry and duxelle was amazing.  I kept closing my eyes when I was eating it because I was just so absorbed in it.  I think my date was somewhat annoyed at me but I couldn't help it.As for food, that was plenty.  I'm the type of person who almost always get the buffet passes at vegas cuz it's actually worth it for me.  I was stuffed at the end of this meal - no desserts.   The service is top-notch.  My date left her lapkin (i call it a lapkin cuz it's on your lap) messy on the table when she went to go to the restroom and the guy freakin comes and folds it up nicely and puts it back.  My water was CONSTANTLY filled.  They also did it in a way where it wasnt intruding.  I've been to a couple fancy expensive places but Gordon Ramsay really has these guys working hard.
2	High expectations only met with the sticky toffee pudding cake and coffee press with chocolate spoons. The filet was 'okay', the fish and chips had skin on the fish along with French fries. Strange Gordon dish.  The macaroni and cheese was good. We had fabulous a great time with our friends but the meal did not meet our expectations.
5	Gordon Ramsay Steak has ruined all other restaurants for me. The restaurant was so sexy and classy at the same time. The hot waitresses wore tight black minidresses and the waiters were dressed well too. My date and I arrived for our reservation and we were seated very quickly. The waitress walked us to our table and on the way, told us how the light fixture on the ceiling was inspired by Ramsay's hand movements when preparing his signature dish. The waitress seated us and placed the napkins on our laps for us. Then our waiter came with the menus and explained some of the drinks and food. We ordered the Beef Carpaccio, Beef Wellington, Beef Short Rib, and Fingerling Potatoes on the side. As we waited for our food, our waiter came by with a cart of raw beef and showed us the different cuts they served.The bread was really goo. There were three kinds of bread. My favorite was the mushroom-truffle. It came out warm and was incredibly soft. Even the butter topped with some kind of black-colored salt was amazing.The Beef Carpaccio came on a plate with the beef resting on top of a halved bone with some small salad on top. It was to die for, but I was sad that the portion was so little.The Beef Wellington was cooked perfectly. It was so tender and not dry at all! You could really taste the meat and the texture just made it more enjoying to eat.The Beef Short Rib was braised with red wine and came off the bone with little effort. The meat was perfect and a little fatty. It was so good!The Fingerling Potatoes were cute. The truffle really made this dish. I would probably try a different side unless you love potatoes. I'm not crazy about potatoes but this side was good.For dessert, we ordered the Sticky Toffee Pudding. I loved it so much! The butter ice cream was incredible and the toffee pudding was like heaven in my mouth. The Sticky Toffee Pudding was what I really waited months to come here for and it did not disappoint! It was big! I suggest sharing this unless you have a lot of room for dessert!The service was absolutely perfect and the food was wonderful. Every time we got up to go to the restroom, one of the staff would come and refold our napkin. We were checked up on at the right times. Our water would be refilled quickly without asking. After every dish was brought out, all our plates and utensils were replaced with new ones. The waiter even cleaned away crumbs on the table as we waited for our next dish. I felt as though they were watching us eat because how could they know exactly when to come to our table and do these little things for us without us ever asking? It may sound creepy but they have spoiled me!
5	There's a reason that I visit Gordon Ramsay's restaurants whenever visit London or Las Vegas.  You are guaranteed a fantastic experience.  I ordered the Hell's Kitchen tasting menu and it was out of this world.  The service, incredible.  Victor (or was it Viktor?) delivered some of the best service I've ever had.  Here's my favorite aspect about the service at Chef Ramsay's establishments that I love (and this goes for all of the help, including the sommeliers as well):  They adapt very quickly to what YOUR mood is.  If you're feeling chatty and casual they open up and chat a bit more when visiting the table.  Feeling private or reclusive, they deliver and pick up silently and only engage when they need to ask a question.  Whatever the mood, they always deliver the same impeccable service.  You never go hungry or thirsty, you make eye contact with anyone (literally anyone) working in the restaurant and they will help you immediately.
5	I've been wanting to visit Gordon's Restaurant for a while.  It was amazing from start to finish.  I like the way the hostess walks you through the restaurant explaining things all the way to your seat.  Then the meat trolley comes out to your table.  You get to select which cut of meat you want.  I wanted them all ~!!  Me and my wife have eaten at every upscale Steakhouse in Vegas, L.A. and Orange County and this is the best steak house hands down.  So if you're in Vegas and not a cheap ass; " cause you always get what you pay for then be sure to stop buy this gem~!! "   Our waiter Matt gave us amazing service and even brought me a cheese platter that wasn't on the menu.  The Beef Wellingtons are so Amazing ~!!  Desert and drinks were too~!!   After dinner you can hang out at the very posh bar.  Good drinks and a hot girl bartender and we closed the night out in this spot ~!!  Looking forward to our next visit~!!
5	Excellent steak and overall experience.  Atmosphere and service are top notch.  The steak presentation during ordering is exceptional.  Great selection of top quality steak. Had the American Wagyu and beef wellington.  Both were mouth watering.  Well worth the money.I would like to see more wine selections by the glass.  The bar area is dark and intimate and has a nice selection of drink specials.  I recommend this as one of my favorite two top steak restaurants in Vegas.
1	I just wanted to update everybody.  I received an email from management asking me to contact them about what happened.  I responded via email with my phone number and never heard back from them.  I guess Gordon Ramsay is too busy with his fake reality shows to care about his restaurants.
4	We had a very nice time at Gordon Ramsay's steakhouse while we were spending a few days in Vegas. We started by having a few drinks at the bar while waiting for our reservation, drinks were good and satisfying to start the night. After waiting roughly 20 minutes we were seated and treated well, similar to all higher end dining, so nothing out if the ordinary. We were giving a selection of breads as an early snack while we overlooked the menu. We started off with the steak tartare, my personal favorite from most top tier steakhouses and I wasn't let down by the one served here. It was presented on a played covered in a small glass top that was  smoked to add a bit of flavor to the meat. Overall very good. For our main courses I ordered the bone in ribeye rare, which came out perfectly to my liking, and my girlfriend order the famous Wellington, which I honestly thought was pretty average. We paired it with the Mac n cheese and asparagus, which both came out nicely. I think our bill came out to roughly $400 for two, which is a bit pricey, but it also includes drinks. On a side note, we had someone next to is that felt that he was on an episode of Hells Kitchen and he was Gordon himself. Yelling at the waiting, telling them the food was crap, trying to explain how to properly cook a steak in the amount of time he expected, etc. and eventually asking for a free bill. It provided some entertainment, and I'd be willing to bet it's a regular occurrence there with the whole Gordon Ramsay arrogant image.  Good steak, but there are better. I personally would take Mastro's over it any day of the week.
3	I really really wanted to be wowed by this place considering Chef Ramsey is my ultimate man crush! The ladies in front were pleasant and gave us an entrance tour of the tunnel and light on the ceiling the place was lively and looked cool.  When we sat down first off my knife was dirty but the waiter caught that while introducing himself which has never happened before and you wouldn't expect.  Servers were very nice and professional.  But the setting felt dirty.  The floors the seats everything... Maybe that's just me but after catching the dirty knife, I saw a dirty floor and crumbs in my seat.  Not what I was expecting from a $$$$ steakhouse.  My husband had the market Caesar and he couldn't eat it bc the dressing was very fishy! But again the waiter caught it and brought him another with a vinegarette this time.  For our main dish we got the beef Wellington which as u should know Is the signature Ramsey dish... But it wasn't it was good but not WOW good.  I think eating here you pay for the name... Not really the food.
5	Amazing decor.  We entered through a mockup of the Chunnel.. from Paris to London. We were sat in a large open space... upscale-casual, high cielings.. visible kitchen... rock music. Drink selection displayed on an I-Pad. I got the English Garden (gin, basil and cucumber). Ordered wine... Stags Leap for under $80. Meat choices come on a large cart. Delicious looking. We had the dry aged filet with creamed spinach and roasted bone marrow. It was all great... service included. .. just great. See pics.
4	Really nice atmosphere. Knowledgeable, personable staff. Beautiful food - I don't think anyone can doubt that.I really enjoyed the view of the open Kitchen. Staff know they are being watched and really play up to it.I recommend!
2	Maybe it's because I'm an old fogey but the frenetic music they pumped into the dining room just ruined the whole dinner.
5	The host was very nice and accommodating, I made my reservation two weeks in advance but my friend got stuck in traffic so I had to reschedule it to the next day- right before our show- and they squeezed us in. it was a saturday and they were packed. For sure, she made a great first impression. As soon as we walked through the trendy tube-like entrance that represents London underground, we felt like a celebrities walking on the red carpet. The ceiling red neon modern artwork, symbolize Chef Ramsay's hands movement while preparing his legendary beef wellington, we knew London is calling!!! Our server exceeded our expectations, he did demonstrate a good knowledge explaining the menu and the steak cart display for every table.  Outstanding professionalism and Sincere attentiveness. I got the Prime Beef Filet, tender and juicy and prepared to perfection as a slice of heaven. The best damn steak I ever ate. I accompanied my filet,with roasted okra. So delicious. The flawless presentation of my dish was impressive. The best part was the dessert, "Sticky Toffee Pudding"  Rich with date, brown sugar toffee and brown butter ice cream. Oh Lord! OVER THE TOP!!!Expensive restaurant but it is totally worthwhile.  With Ramsay, it's hard to go wrong. Awesome energy, tremendous service fabulous dining experience, you'll be impressed!
5	I chose to go here because it was ranked the #1 steakhouse in all of Las Vegas, and I would have to agree with that ranking.Once you arrive at the exterior of the restaurant, which is within the Paris hotel, you'll be greeted by a group of hostesses. They escort you to the door,  which from the outside appears to be a large glass/metal tube, but once the doors open, Gordon Ramsay's steakhouse is revealed. The decor is a lot of what you would expect when you think of Hell's Kitchen. It is black, red, dark and its wonderful. It has an extremely modern British feel, and it sets the perfect tone for a memorable night out to dinner. Not one single square inch of this restaurant went without some thought put into it. Above the restaurant hangs  an art piece, constructed of neon lights, depicting Gordon Ramsay's hand movement while making Beef Wellington.The FoodAfter greeting us, the waiter brought a food cart over with an assortment of all of the steak served at the restaurant. He gave us an option between a Hell's kitchen tasting menu which came with an autographed picture of Gordon Ramsay cooking, and he gave us a traditional menu. It was quite impressive. They even had Japanese Kobe available, however at $35 an ounce I had to pass. I elected to have the American Kobe filet, which was well marbleized and under $80.  Next the waiter let us hold and smell a white truffle, which is an option when ordering any Ramsey steak, but at $15 a gram and a three gram minimal order, I passed.I did op for the second best "truffle" alternative which was macaroni and cheese cooked and white truffle oil, and it was absolutely scrumptious. When our steaks arrived, about 45 minutes after ordering, they were cooked to absolute perfection and I could not have asked for anything better. The wait between ordering and receiving your food however is a tad bit long, but it gives you more time to soak it all in.If you're looking for a great steak and a wonderful experience and perhaps a memory that will last a lifetime, I highly recommend Gordon Ramsay's Steak, located inside the Paris Hotel Las Vegas.
5	The best steak ever.  Impeccable service.  Tartare is so good, it's the way beef should be eaten all the time.Came here during Thanksgiving weekend on our last night in Vegas.  Donnie was our server again, which was great because he is top notch along with the food.  He even remembered me and what I ordered when I came here last December.My wife ordered the fish and chips; she says they're the best she's ever had.  Considering she's English, I take that as high praise.Finished off with the sticky toffee pudding with the brown butter ice cream.  This is seriously one of the best desserts ever.Whenever I come to Vegas, I always make a point of coming to Gordon Ramsay Steak because everything is always perfect.
5	I took my boyfriend here for his birthday last Sunday and WOW, they definitely lived up to all the hype. Also such a great value for the pricing! Bill came out to around $190 before tip for two drinks, appetizer, two entrees, a side, some foie butter, and dessert! Craftsteak set me back $450 for about the same portion!Smoked Beef Tartare: Lemon Zest, Red onion, Capers, White Anchovy Aioli, Cured Egg Yolks, & Yukon Gold Herb Chips. This was definitely a different twist on the many tartares I've tried. It's served with this glass bowl on top and the server takes it off to let you smell the smokiness lol, cool presentation. More chunky and citrusy than I'm used to but with every bite I liked it more and more. However, no one has yet to beat the Tartare I've had at Sage. $2118 Oz Bone-In New York Strip:Aged for 28 days in their Himilayan Salt Room. My boyfriend had this one and it was nothing short of amazing. And 18 Oz for around $60?? Wow what a great deal. It wasn't as tender as some we've had but the flavor was potent and very earthy. I definitely want to try their Japanese A5 Kobe next time. $61Red Wine Braised Beef Short Ribs:I had this entree since I'm not really a steak person (I know I know, there's definitely something wrong with me lol) This was enormous. Wow, I could barely finish half of it! It was exactly the size of my forearm, and for reference, I measured my forearm for you guys and it is 9.5 inches long. The short rib was so tender it basically melt in my mouth and it was served with Potato Puree, Wild Mushrooms and Sauteed Spinach. Can I have this every cheat day please? $41Side of Foie Butter:So my boyfriend likes this on this steak after first trying the combo with his Rib-Eye at Fleur in Mandalay soo he ordered some foie butter on the side here, and we were expecting a tablespoon or something but they gave us about 5 inch-thick slices served in a mini dish! Oh my gosh! We ended up putting this on everything cause we felt bad wasting and we still couldn't finish it! lol Super flavorful and rich. Only $6!Loaded Baked Potato:This is basically the king of all baked potatoes. Served with Smoked Gouda Bechamel, Sour Cream, Bacon Lardons, and chives. I have no idea where they found a potato this big. It was on steroids lol and super tasty. The Smoked Gouda is what made this potato over the top. I would be surprised if this thing was under 1500 calories. $11Coconut Cake:I know that everyone recommends the Sticky Toffee Pudding Pops but since he offers that at BurGR as well, we decided to try something different. Coconut Pastry Cream, Pineapple, Toasted Coquiots, with Passionfruit-Guava Sorbet. Super light and flavorful, the perfect ending to such a rich meal. $12I honestly think this could be in my favorite top 3 restaurants in Vegas behind Sage and Scarpetta. Again, the service in a Gordon Ramsay restaurant is beyond over the top. Everyone was super friendly, always giving more information than they really have to. Basically when I think of service, I think of Gordon Ramsay. Also, I enjoyed the ambiance in this restaurant. Everyone was talking and laughing, having a good time, with music playing in the background. I honestly hate when a restaurant is whisper quiet. I also really loved the intimate booths on the second level. Really comfortable and private while still being able to see all the action downstairs. I can't wait to come here again. Next on my list: his signature Wellington, Wagyu Carpaccio & Sliders, Kurobuta Pork Belly, Japanese A5 Kobe, or maybe I'll just attack the Tasting Menu :)
5	Decided to try for some last minute reservations (and by last minute, I mean a week in advance), and had to settle for a 5:00 dinner. So, word to the wise, reserve early.FOOD: My wife got the 8 oz filet, I got the American Kobe/Wagyu Rib Cap, and we shared Fingerling Potatoes and Mac and Cheese. The steaks tasted great. It's possible they were a little overdone compared to the temp we asked for, but still very good and tender. Mastro's is a really amazing steakhouse in LA, and I don't know if this is necessarily up to par, but it's close, and for those of you that have been to Mastro's, being "close" means a lot. The fingerling potatoes were a bit salty if eating them with the steak. The Mac and Cheese, however, was perfect. It had a very good truffle flavor, but it wasn't overpowering. The bread that came out was probably the best free bread you could ever have at a restaurant...creative, tasted great, gourmet bread (is that even a real thing?). SERVICE: I would say the service was very good. It wasn't anything extraordinarily great, but it was good. I did like the steak presentation. They roll out the cart with the various steaks, and they actually take the time to go over each cut which is really informative and helpful in making a decision. AMBIANCE: It's a relatively casual place, which some reviewers have complained about. But hey, it's Vegas! Some people spend the day in shorts and sandals gambling, and then head to a nice dinner. Some people dress up for a nice dinner, then go to a show or out to a club. There's a variety of customers and I think at a Vegas restaurant, casual dress/dining at a fancy restaurant is no problem. This is also one of those places where they pay very close attention to detail. As we were eating, the table next to us was being set up, and they were measuring the distance from the table to the booth, etc.All in all, a great experience, and great food. Would I go back? Surely.
2	This place is way too loud.They clearly have "vibe" and "cochlear damage" confused.  So, if you have the "ear thing" like me and millions of other Americans I strongly suggest other digs or at least ear plugs. I wanted the Ramsey experience so I opted for the plugs and sat down.The service was OK, a little slow but courteous. The place is very touristy, I hate that people dress so poorly anymore... Anyway the food was good, not the greatest ever, but good. Not worth the $400 you're going to drop for two people. Did I mention this place was way, way, way too loud? I like the 70's British punk/pop music, just not at brain damage decibel. If you have hearing issues use care. You'll be sorry if you don't. Oh, did I mention this place is way too freaking loud? In case I didn't I'll mention it again. THIS PLACE IS WAY TOO LOUD.Glad I ate here, but unlikely that I'll return. Oh, and this place is way too loud. Did I mention that?
3	My wife and I decided to have dinner here for our anniversary.  Let me start off by saying that this restaurant is not the best establishment for that romantic evening your searching.  The music is incredibly loud ( as you can see from other posts about this restaurant) and it's difficult to hold a conversation without yelling.  Request the second floor...it's much quieter.  From a food standpoint it was good.  Nothing incredibly special but good.  Star of the night was the charred octopus and fingerling salad.  From the allure standpoint of Gordon Ramsay being a celebrity chef, the restaurant is what it's trying to accomplish...a tourist destination. From a service standpoint it felt very impersonal.  To robotic with lack of emotion.  In summary it felt like you were at a night club that sells food.
4	More like a 4 1/2. Took my boyfriend here for his birthday, I made reservations 3 weeks in advance and I still didn't get the time I wanted! LOL, I wanted to do 8:00 but they only had 5:00PM or 8:15PM of course I choose the 8:15. Arrived right on time for dinner, we were sat upstair right in front of the red crazy ball light thingy hahaha. BEST VIEW EVER! I recommend to have a seat upstairs. Free bread! - If your server has to explain to you want kind of bread you're eating that means it's GOOD! Best free bread ever. Bone in Rib eye - YUMMM, can I tell you it's better than Mastros?? So sorry! The meat was juicy and that sauce on the meat perfect! Duet of Lamb - This was pretty good! I always order lamb, wish they gave out more pieces though... it was only two piece for the same price I could have got a whole rack like Mastros. BUT THE SAUCE ON IT YUMMY! This meal also came with the shepherd pie  not bad a little salty.  Two side - Mac n Cheese/ Asparagus ( We really wanted Brussels sprouts but they were not in season boo-hoo. ) Both side were amazing though! Compare to Mastros/ Ruth Chris. Drinks! - I had a cocktail mix with fruits super yummy. Boyfriend got the angry orchid cider. Service - WONDERFUL! Until the end of the meal it's like they completely forgot about us lol, I really wanted to surprise my boyfriend with a dessert so I ask them to bring out the Bread pudding in the end in the reservation... but they didn't.. so I was kind of mad because of that.. could have been five star.
5	Excellent service and the food is even better. Awesome place. This is my second time second year and it not disappointing.
4	Lively atmosphere, outstanding service, sticky toffee pudding is one of the best desserts I have eaten in my life! Only letdown was the NY strip, which while well cooked was chewy with lots of sinews.
2	My wife and I were really looking forward to trying a Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  Unfortunately it didn't live up to the hype.They've got a silly iPad drink menu that they bring around to you when you are first seated.  Unfortunately it does not work AT ALL.  When browsing it the app locked up on us and crashed twice.  The table next to us chimed in "yeah, that happened to us too" and the table on the other side said the same thing.  After they left and someone new sat down at their table, they also had problems with the app.  So 4 out of 4 of us had problems.  If this happened to Gordon on Restaurant Nightmares I can just picture him screaming at the GM "what were you thinking you donkey!"  Lame.The food was decent, but not amazing.  The portions are huge to match the also huge prices.  Dinner for 2 for my wife and I was $170.  Overall it was fine, but it's no better than any other decent Vegas steak house, but here you're paying a premium for the Ramsay name.Overall, the only amazing thing was the sticky toffee pudding.  I don't even have the words to describe how delicious this was.  Unfortunately that was the only stand out part of the evening.  Skip Gordon Ramsay Steak and get the sticky toffee pudding at his pub or burger restaurant across the street.
5	We come here not only for the steak, but also for the experience. And boy, you do get what you pay for. The cuts presentation and the Ipad menu was nice, but nothing impressive. The food was great. I got the American Kobe/Wagyu Rib Cap, and my husband got a Porterhouse.Up to this point, the experience didn't stand out from all the fine dinning experience in Vegas. Then the Fingerling Potatoes came out....We were not happy with the potatoes because it had something that my husband is allergic on top, which we repeatedly told our waiter to leave out. Before we had the chance to talk to the waiter, the manager ran over and checked on us, he asked about the potatoes and instantly replaced it as our request.We were really impressed since we didn't even have a second to feel displeased with our meal, the manager was so quick. I was sure that his job is standing around, and looking at people facial expression, to make sure that everyone is happy. To top off everything, we have the Sticky Toffee. This is a must-have when you are here.
5	Another night in Vegas, another wonderful steakhouse.  Gordon Ramsay steak is one of the newer upscale steakhouses in Vegas and is located conveniently in the center of the strip at the Paris hotel.  I have eaten at some of the other Gordon Ramsay eateries in Vegas and neither of them compare to this one.  In fact, very few steakhouses on the strip compare to this.  The decor, the service, and the food are all fantastic.We first started with some drinks, bread (some of the best free bread around) and the seafood platter for 4.  This was one of the best tasting seafood platters I have had.  Everything was fresh and came with a variety of sauces which were amazing.  The crab and lobster was especially tasty. After the starter, I ordered the salmon and the table also shared a porterhouse.  The salmon was very good, and actually a very good portion size.  Normally they make the salmon with a cauliflower puree that when you squeeze lemon over it, it turns purple, but I think they did a seasonal vegetable with it this time (which stayed one color).  The porterhouse was as good as it gets.  Nothing to fancy on the cook, just a very flavorful and moist steak.  Make sure to get a few extra bites off the bone, that's where you get some of the best meat bites.  The spinach at GR is also one of the best sides I've ever had.  Just a great blend of garlic and oil to make the spinach super tasty and not too drenched.  For desert I tried the peanut butter bar.  Very good, but nothing amazing.Overall, one of my favorite meals in Vegas.
5	I've been here only twice but both experiences were orgasmic.  My boyfriend and I ordered two bone in rib eyes with foie gras, shitake mushrooms, cocktail shrimp for our appetizer and the toffee pudding dessert.  The dessert was supposedly rated dessert of the year and I believe it!  Everything was so delicious!  We ordered the steak medium rare plus, it was cooked perfectly.  Just be prepared to be waiting a while before you get your food, especially your main entrees.  But it is def worth the wait!  Oh and another warning...you will also have major food coma.
3	Ah, we were SO EXCITED to eat here.  Big Ramsay fans, but more importantly, we love food and couldn't wait to experience this place.  In short, it was good, but not amazing, and I'll give more detail below.We had a 7 pm reservation, and checked in at 6:55.  We were told it would be a few more minutes but to "please take a seat at the bar and we'll come find you when you're table is ready."  So, we head in through the tube-like entrance into a PACKED bar, with no where to sit, and not even anywhere to stand.  We poked around and debated ordering a drink, but decided not to because we thought we'd be seated soon.  So back into the smoky, loud casino we went to wait.  And wait.  Aaaaaand wait.  Not a bench or a chair in sight, we stood and waited for nearly 30 minutes for our table.  Pretty disappointing given we had a reservation.We were seated and greeted by our server, who presented us with an iPad to look at drinks.  Kinda gimicky, but ok.  We ordered drinks and then he disappeared for a long time, returning with the "meat trolley."  Unfortunately we already had looked at the menu while he was gone, and knew what we wanted, but then we had to sit through a 10 minute meat presentation before even ordering a starter.  Now it's almost 8, and we haven't had a bite to eat.  We ordered the pork belly and sliders to start, which came promptly after a nice bread selection.  The pork belly was very good, but lacked salt, and the sliders were better.  We ordered a signature Wellington to share, and were talked into ordering a side with it, which ended up being WAY too much food.  The Wellington was a bucket list item for me, and I was so excited for it, but it was just ok.  The steak was amazingly tender, but needed more seasoning and the pastry and duxel were borderline flavorless.  For $55 for an 8 oz portion, it was underwhelming at best.  We didn't touch the potato side because with 2 starters, bread, and a Wellington, we were stuffed!  The portions here are pretty hefty, so don't be coerced into ordering more than you need.My hubby ordered a second beer from our waiter's "helper" and when it came he was surprised at how hoppy it was.  He drank it, but when we got the bill it had a completely different beer with "Hoppy" in the name instead of what my hubby ordered.  Pretty weak for a fancy place.The best part of the visit was probably the ambiance, I loved the dining room with the Union Jack ceiling! They managed to make an upscale steakhouse into a "fun" environment which was refreshing for sure.  It felt a great balance of casual and fancy.In all, we're glad we came, but I wish it was better.  The service could use some work, and the food could use some seasoning.  It would be nice to bring bread and/or let guests order starters before presenting the "meat trolley." Our bill was $155 for a cocktail, 2 beers, 2 starters, a shared steak and a side dish.  Pretty comparable to most Vegas restaurants, but we still feel like the experience was just "ok."
5	We weren't happy with our initial dining experience there and wrote about it (see my last review). To our surprise, one of the Gordon Ramsay Steak managers contacted us soon thereafter to invite us back for another dining experience, promising to make things right.  Challenge accepted! For appetizer, we got complementary scotch eggs that were lightly battered and deep fried; when we cut inside, the egg yolk was still running! yum! We also ordered oysters and clams, yeah yeah yeah, i know it's a steak house but we felt like having some shellfish for the night. They had a wide variety from the East to the West coast and were so fresh and full of favor! The Wagyu beef slider was out of this world!  It was so juicy and perfectly cooked.  I can see myself coming back here and ordering 5 of them at the same time! Pork belly was oh so crispy on the skin side with perfect layering of fat on the inside it literally melted in our mouths with the first bite!  The Rib cap and the bone-in ribeye were some of the best steaks we have ever had! For sides, we had bone marrow & shitaki mushrooms, however, the bone marrow was a bit too gamy for our taste and i wouldn't recommend it. I had tried bone marrow before at Animal restaurant in LA and it wasn't gamy at all. The shitaki mushroom was on point though.Our server, Matthew, also one of their managers, oversaw our entire dinner, and his professionalism was beyond reproach. This time Gordon Ramsay Steak redeemed itself and was deserving of the namesake.  We have many family members and friends visiting from out-of-town year round. As hosts, we wanna be able to impress them with the best dining experience Las Vegas has to offer, and I think I can finally count on GRS to provide a boat load of it.
5	The single most incredible dining experience. EVER!  Every aspect of this restaurant screams perfection... The staff is professional but interacts with the guests in a warm and friendly manner, making you feel like you're the most important customer in the dining room.  The utmost care and precision is used in the placement and removial of every item on the table, from flatware to glasses.  The manner in which they conduct themselves is second to none, rivaling only their appearance, which is also impeccable.  Now onto the food:  Everything food item was beyond our expectations.  Absolute perfection.  Worth every penny and we'll be talking about this meal until we meet again next year!  Alex our server,  was excellent, as was every employee we encountered that evening.  Bravo Chef Ramsay!  Bravo!!!
5	We had a large group of 16 at 2 tables and added 2 more at the last minute.  They were very accommodating by splitting the bill several.ways.  The food was delicious, steaks cooked perfectly and the A5 Wagyu beef was mouth watering tender.  The seafood tower starter was a hit as well as the sticky toffee pudding which was way better than one we had at another restaurant.  Our favorite sides were mashed potatoes, asparagus and okra.The wine list was very good and we enjoyed the Cloudy Bay Sauvignon Blanc and Sea Smoke 10 Pinot Noir.  Best Pinot I ever had were 2 comments.It was pricey but well worth the experience as it was our grandsons pre-wedding dinner.  We will be back.
4	Being a fan of Hell's Kitchen, I had to see how good Chef Ramsey's food is because the show sometimes makes the mouth water.All I can say is GOD DAMN CHEF RAMSEY!!!!!We went to Gordon Ramsey Steak in Paris thinking it was going to be a long wait.  Not at all.  They recommend you have a reservation but you can also eat in the lounge and still have access to the same menu.Let's start with the service.  Our host was on point.  Never once did our drinks get low, she was literally at our beckon call and the place was packed.A+Food was off the chain.  We ordered the Bone in ribeye, Beef Wellington for two and a side of Mac & Cheese.  The wellingtons were perfect and lived up to the expectation you see in Hell's Kitchen.  The bone in ribeye was so juicy and cooked perfectly (medium).  I took a star for the Mac and Cheese because the blue cheese is overpowering.  It's seasoned well but leaves more to be desired if your a real cheese head.We were too stuffed to even try desert.  Overall food experience was fantastic.
3	Being a very big Gordon Ramsay fan my husband and I finally went to dine there. We were greeted by 3 lovely hostesses and taken to our seat immediately . Our server came within five minutes. Our server was attentive until we ordered, my husband wanted the taster menu and I did not he said we had to both order it, that I don't understand, so we couldn't get it, my husband was very disappointed , and only for a mere $145. I got the lobster app $28 it had a nice tasting sauce but could not cut the lobster, my husband got the octopus salad which I loved. The Mac and cheese was tasteless I took one bite and so did my husband, ugh. The beef Wellington was really good it would have been fantastic if it was not room temp and my tuna was ok. I expected an OHHHHH MY GOD  experience and was very disappointed . Would not have my friends go.
4	Incredible! The only reason it's not 5 stars, is the noise level over all, for me. It's great for most. If you like a quiet atmosphere, ask for a seat at one of tables by the wine case. It's tucked away in the back. I had the Himalayan salt room filet and my son had the Colby beef filet. Mouthwatering! Worth every penny.
5	We did the Gordon Ramsay Steak for our Wedding Anniversary. My wife has been wanting to try out Gordon Ramsay Beef Wellington as it has been the main signature dish for Gordon Ramsay. The entrance was great, they call it the chunnel which was supposed to be an ode to the connection between France and UK Channel + tunnel although I dont understand why the chandeliers had to be explained by the servers. Anyway on to the food. Since we are asian we are used to the beef being well done the rarest we would go for is medium. Beef wellington comes only medium rare. My wife went ahead and ordered the beef wellington and the taste was pretty good expectation were definitely met. The beef wellington was consumed in a few short minutes :).  I on the other had the 24 oz steak which is good. I should have tried the Wagyu version since I can cook the steaks I should have gotten something that I cant get at home although the meat was aged 28 days the taste is the same as the aged beef in Whole Foods or from our local butcher shop. The Service was very good which is expected since it is an expensive restaurant. The sides were great we had the octopus Remoulade salad which was done very well, octopus if cooked long becomes tough in Gordon Ramsay Steak it was soft.    The mac and Cheese with truffle butter was REALLY good I like the idea that the twist was using truffle oil in the mac and cheese and it tasted really good. We will definitely try other things on the menu if we decide to go on another dinner date at Gordon Ramsay Steak.
5	Came here for my brothers birthday and honestly, the best piece of steak I have ever had. Unfortunately I wasnt able to try the beef wellington as it has bacon wrapped, but I am so glad I didnt because it made me order the Rib Cap and that was the BEST piece of meat I have ever eaten. It was soft, juicy, tender, flavorful and the perfect size- not too big and not too small where I wanted more. To accompany the steak, we shared mac&cheese, baked potato and a side of asparagus. The sides were good but nothing to rave about. Counting the days I go back to Vegas so I can eat the Rib Cap at Gordon Ramsay again!
3	Went there for my Husbands birthday on 12/16 and the food was not as good as the first time we went in January 2014.  The soup was cold, the shitake mushroon side taste like soy sauced mushrooms and the American cap was flavorful but was tough. 5 star is for the American Kobe, mac and cheese and the French Press coffee (Yumo).  We really like the service and hope the next time we go to Vegas, the food will be as good as the first time.
4	After watching a ton of his shows on TV, I've been wanting to try some of his signature items to see if he lives up to his reputation.This is one of his Vegas flagships. It was my first time here but hubby had been here before and loved it. Trendy decor and cute story about going through the Chunnel from Paris to London when you're being seated.Excellent service at the table! The hostesses aren't the most consistent, but the table service is excellent. Nice explanation of the menu and steak cuts.These are the highlights and what I would definitely recommend getting:- Beef Wellington - it's the signature item and sooo good. The layers are perfect and the meat inside is incredibly flavorful- Sticky toffee pudding - another classic dish that totally lived up to the hype. Definitely good for sharing after a big meal.Bread service is lovely with a nice variety to choose from, and we also enjoyed the salad to start (not unique, but a nice starter if you need vegetables).  The Mac and cheese side is totally the way to go with your steak.  Rich and creamy with a good firmness to the pasta.Solid 4 stars and worth a stop if you're in Vegas!Dinner runs about $100 pp without alcohol.
1	The service was amazing, we were well taken care of and the menu was explained very well. We ordered the pork belly as an appetizer which was delicious. My wife ordered the Filet and I ordered the new york strip, both were very tastey. We order the truffled potatoes as a side which was pretty good. You might be wondering why I am giving it a one star if the food and service were so good. Well that night my wife and I were both extremely sick. We fasted all day to enjoy the food so I am certain we were sick from Gordon Ramsay Steak. We were up all night in the bathroom and are still feeling the effects two days later. To think that I paid 200 dollars to get sick leaves me very upset. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. I knew it would be a little over priced just because it had Gordon Ramsay's name attached but paying that much money to get sick is just unacceptable.
5	Went on 12/14/14 for my birthday dinner. The place is amazing. The service was top notch by all the servers. We got oysters and the Maine lobster for appetizers. Baked potato for side and I got rib eye for the main. Everything was as described and tasted great. This place is a little pricey  but worth every penny. I recommend everybody to try this at least once
5	This is by far our fav in Vegas!! Hubby melts for the chorizo stuffed lobster tail and the short rib entree. I had the Wellington. They were so good that when we came here again a year later we got the same things !!  So good and the service is wonderful!! Love it!! Our Go to spot for Vegas vacation !!!
5	Had the bone in rib eye which was very good and big. Wife ordered the beef Wellington and probably the best thing I have ever tasted. Nice restaurant and fun experience. Can't wait to come back.
4	OMG, did you know that light fixture on top of the ceiling is Gordon Ramsay's hand movements while he makes the famous Beef Wellington? I'm being sarcastic. I guess it's a creative piece of art, but seems somewhat too abstract to awe at. When the hostess pointed it out before we sat down, I think she expected us to look up and be amazed at his delicate/intentional hand movements to procure his famous Beef Wellington.Anyway, we went with the Foie Gras for an appetizer, the American Cap, and the Beef Wellington. Foie Gras will always be good--was happy to have it since it was banned in the state of California a couple years ago. The American Cap was juicy, fatty, and tasty (highly recommended). The Beef Wellington was good but nothing life-changing, I mean with those hand movements outlined on the ceiling light fixture, I should've better appreciate the countless hours Mr. Ramsay spent to perfect his art (sarcasm).I otherwise had a really good experience here and had fun laughing at Gordon Ramsay's hand movement light fixture. Service was excellent and everything was elegant from the placemats to the uniforms of the wait staff.I highly recommend checking this place out for an extraordinary dinner.
4	For a full review of Gordon Ramsey Steak click on the link below:https://befoodstar.wordpress.com/2014/08/14/gordon-ramsey-steak/
5	Their Kobe stake melts in your  mouth...absolutely phenomenal....loved loved loved their truffle fries! Great drinks, wonderful service. I will definitely stop here again next time I'm in town.
5	We started with half-dozen oysters, which were fat and flavorful. Our party ordered the ribeye, Kobe filet, and the ribcap. The ribeye was huge and the ribcap melts in your mouth. The filet was a good balance of fat and texture. Our sides were asparagus, creme corn, mac and cheese, and fingerling potatoes. We had one tough asparagus and the corn had a bit too much bourbon. Otherwise, the sides were good. For dessert, we had the toffee pudding cake and the peanut chocolate bar. The toffee date cake was as good as others have mentioned and the peanut chocolate bar was super rich. I think there should be complementary coffee for that dessert. The highlight of the meal was the staff. They were attentive, patient, and funny, without being overbearing. They made the meal all the more special. This was the evening of December 23, 2014.
5	It was a great experience! I had to make a reservation a month before though. What i thought was weird was that they gave us an ipad to buy drinks, i was like what the heck...just give us the damn menu, the waiters did spend  a lot of time explaining the different cuts of meat, but that didn't bother me, but it took a good amount of time.      I ordered the beef wellington, the pork belly appetizer and for dessert, the sticky toffee pudding. I can't explain how good the food was.  It was just amazing.
4	Ever since I started watching Hell's Kitchen and Master Chef, I've wanted to come to one of Gordon's restaurants. This place is wonderful!-I mean, really it's all dat!!! and some! It deserve more like a 4.5-the steak could of taste better and it should have been warmer! But....The service-impeccable! The decor-trendy with a classy twist. The food-Great presentation, good food but the steak could have been seasoned little better! The Price-expensive!!!**Note: If you are dating someone that is amazing and you really love them then this is the place to take them for an upscale, intimate and romantic anniversary dinner! I wouldn't waste my money coming here if you are just dating causally!!!So, check it...I ordered the  rib-eye steak, good but needed A-1 sauce, I had a side of mac and cheese-super tasty. I also ordered the Foie Gras, which was the best that I ever had-amazing! Oh! you have to try their iced teas-bottled passion fruit green tea or their the black sage ice tea-So darn good!!! You know, a lot of people really enjoy their toffee pudding BUT I didn't care for it, however, the presentation of the Desserts were great! I'll be back for the Beef Wellington!
5	The cocktail menu is worth exploring. Pims lemonade was very fruity yet balanced with fresh herbs. Delicious
5	Great restaurant. I came in expecting a great steak, and they delivered. The beef wellington is definitely in the top 3 steaks that I have ever eaten. The price is comparable to restaurants like Mastros or Mortons but this place has even better food and service.
5	My wife and I went here for Valentines day 2014, and we had the best meal either of us had ever tasted. The atmosphere was a bit louder than expected, and the prices were steep, but the food was to die for and did not leave us wanting in any degree. We each had the signature Beef Wellington which was prepared perfectly and proved to be a tender and delicate experience with each layer of culinary bliss. We started with the caviar topped scotch quail egg and both enjoyed a root vegetable salad with balsamic and rose infused pink foam and lobster ravioli for the second course. For desert, we had Gordon's sticky toffee pudding with brown butter ice cream. We truly felt like we experiences the Gordon Ramsay experience at this top notch kitchen. As a bonus we were able to be seated at a booth which was approximately two feat from the line and within touch of Christina Wilson, who demanded and achieved perfection from her excellent team of star quality chefs.Top remarks for a top dining experience. My wife describes it as follows: "Changed my life, never knew what all the hype was about great food, but I am converted!"
3	They need to stop explaining that hideous light fixture to everyone when they walk in which is supposed to be Gordon Ramsay's hand motions...  Foie gras was amazing. Five stars if that was the only thing I ate. I miss this so much! Steak was okay.. Nothing to remember other than they overcooked my boyfriends steak and we had to send it back. Do not get the sauces. Rip off and not that great.They won't allow you up bring wine in if they carry it in house which is of course a high markup. That's annoying because they make money off the corkage fee anyway. Don't listen to the wine connoisseur who talked me into a $50 glass of wine from a supposedly $200 bottle. Googled it and it was a $60 bottle and was not that good. I'm just a sucker when I'm on vacation.  Overall experience here was not that great. I guess I had high expectations? Service and food was just okay for the money we spent.
4	This restaurant is one of the most trendy, dining experiences I have had in recent years. You must have reservations in order to get a good table. This place is recommended for celebrating a special occasion or romantic date. The bar waiting area inside is comparable to a comfy lounge & unique in that the menus are ipads. You click on your drink and it is quickly brought over by a sexy cocktail server. The waiter was so friendly and flamboyant, he made my night. He explained the specialty of the house and a large meat wheel to describe the variety of steaks. Our first course was the foie gras and it was delectable. .. the spinach and mashed potatoes were creamy and savory. The new york steak was buttery and tender. I loved everything about this place and would highly recommend it without reservation. Dinner and drinks for two was around $300
5	My wife and I had dinner there last week , we had the Beef Wellington , and OMG awesome! Lives up to  it's hype ! We had asparagus and okra as sides. , the okra was as good as the Wellington, I can't wait to have that again , highly recommend the okra , we did the works with coffee and sticky toffee pudding, all amazing , it was a wonderful experience and will go next time in Vegas total bill close to 300. Just to warn you lol
1	Highly disappointed!!! I made a reservation for Valentine's Day 2015 on Oct. 24, 2014. I've literally been planning my entire Valentine's Day weekend around this restaurant reservation - I'm staying in Paris, I'm seeing a show after this meal... you get the idea. Unfortunately my plans were shattered today when I received a call from Stacy  around 1:30PM asking me to confirm my reservation and note that they had a "special" Valentine's Day menu. Okay, no big deal, this isn't my first time dining out on Valentine's. I call back Stacey at the number she provided (not the main number) and it rings and rings. I call back 15 minutes later. Same thing. I try calling the main line which takes me to the Paris operator and ask to be transferred to GRS only to be told they are not currently open. Clearly somebody was working when I received the call, but now they have magically all disappeared in a matter of an hour or two! I call back this number several times over the course of the next few hours with nothing more than a ring-ring-ring-ring... ever heard of a voicemail or a pre-recorded message letting callers know when you'll be open... or if you're open? Hello, is this thing on? I finally get a hold of someone around 6PM tonight and confirm my reservation. I ask her about the "special" menu as I know I am  a very picky eater and the hostess tells me I can find it on the OpenTable website. So I get off the phone and hunt down this menu which is not easy to find and there's almost nothing on the menu I'm going to even think about eating!! Honestly, my husband who will eat almost ANYTHING hardly even saw anything on there that HE would eat!! I called back to verify that nothing else would be served that night, and that's what I was told. I was planning on ordering appetizers, filet mignon, dessert, tons of champagne, etc. but now I can't get ANYTHING that I'm even remotely interested in! I don't want a freakin' quail egg! I want to order off your REGULAR menu that I based my reservation off of TWO MONTHS AGO!!!!!!! I do not understand the concept of a "special" menu on Valentine's Day! I assume this is to make it easier on the kitchen and wait staff (along with making it more expensive by taking off the cheaper menu items) but instead it ends up making it a pain for the consumer.  I am so very frustrated and disappointed. I wanted nothing more than to have a fancy French dinner at an upscale restaurant on Valentine's Day at Gordon Ramsay Steak, and instead I had to cancel the reservation I made over two months ago and now I'm left scrambling to find another place to meet our needs on Valentine's! How romantic indeed! Screw you, Gordon Ramsay, I'll go waste my money on overpriced food elsewhere!
1	Ok well my family and I got kicked out of the restaurant and we were very embarrassed. Evidently my 2 yr old was playing with the waiters too much and laughing too loud. Wtf? I mean come on really??  This is what chef Ramsey is about?? I am very disappointed and will never come back here ever again. I will also tell my friends this.place isn't family oriented it's snobby and too rich for a small cute laughing baby. You suck chef Ramsey!!!!
3	So I had the saddest fish and chips here. Two pieces of average fried fish and generic fries are not worth the $30 my company paid for it. You're better off at ANY sports bar off the strip.
4	As close to perfection as one could ever reach, so was our experience at Gordon Ramsay.I will start off my explaining my 4 star review:Food: beyond perfection perfectly executed with flavors that were incredible- even the coffee is top notch! Service: excellent in every way.I think overall that the tasting menu is truly the only way to go and our 5 course meal was worth every penny along with our folded menu and signed photo of Gordon to take home and treasure from our event.My only complaint overall and not a big deal is that I feel the tables are a bit close together and while dinner took almost a full 2 hours, it almost felt a bit rushed. Make a reservation as we did because you want to have a great experience.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this to a friend and to celebrate a special event. And I hope I get to experience this again in my lifetime.
4	Delicious!  I would give it five stars if it weren't for the loud music making it impossible to have any conversation at the table.
5	Amazing! If you're getting a steak (and why wouldn't you) get the Kobe Rib Cap. You will not regret it; trust me. It may be a little smaller than the 32oz steaks but trust me it's worth it. My wife got a bigger dry aged steak which, in its own right, was simply fantastic, but the rib cap is out of this world. When you first enter they take you through the "Chunnel" because you're leaving France (the Paris casino) and arriving in Britain. Kind of an interesting little gimmick they do. The hostesses all where interesting, if not wholly unflattering, getups that seem a little out of place but the rest of the wait staff are all appropriately and nicely dressed. Our server (Oliver) was so nice and so prompt and was spot on with his suggestions. The sommelier was great too. I'm not a wine drinker (my wife is though) but she (the sommelier) suggested the perfect wine to go with our meal. And even stopped by to explain a few things to us about the wine and just chat. I recommend the pork belly as a starter. I know I know, you hear pork belly and you're turned off. Don't be. It's fantastic and the grits it comes with are awesome and they make a perfect duo. You, of course, have to try the toffee cake dessert. I don't remember the actual name but it's the most popular dessert so they will tell you about it. It's nice because it isn't too sweet or rich. Most desserts have a problem of being too sugar laden, this one does not. It's so delicious. The atmosphere is not your typical top o' the line steak place but it's fun. The music is different, the vibe is different, and the aesthetic is definitely different. If you're looking for the stuffy "old money" steak place vibe, maybe go somewhere else. In regards to the price it really is on par with other high end steak places, not just in Vegas but around the U.S. Living in Chicago I've had many great steaks and the prices here at GR Steak are on par with the good steak places in Chicago. If you're paying more for the celebrity name (as others have suggested) then you're actually getting a hell of a good deal here. One other recommendation I have is to make reservations. If you don't you will be seated in a less fun area of the restaurant near the bar. Secondly, when making reservations make sure to ask to be seated in the main room or on the second floor. There's a back area that's kind of tucked away and you won't get the full atmosphere sitting back there. Definitely will come back. Best food we've had in Vegas.
5	The food was absolutely Devine!! That's all the needs to be said. We had the 24 oz Ribeye with a side of bone marrow and a butter poached lobster tail. Also fingerling potatoes with truffle oil. AMAZING!!
5	Hands down the best steak place I've ever been to, although I may be biased being a fan of Gordon Ramsay. I'm not a huge meat lover to begin with and I've always felt meh about steaks especially (almost disliking them even), but I had high expectations for this place. I knew weeks ahead of time that I had wanted the beef wellington - the meat cart that they lug out to show their diners the different cuts? Wasn't even phased by it, though I found it awesome and very helpful since my boyfriend was unsure about the sizing of the different cuts. I was SUPER hyped to finally try the beef wellington after watching seasons upon seasons of Hell's Kitchen and seeing how difficult it was for those chefs to make one cute little beef wellington. Let me tell you, it definitely did not disappoint. I can't even describe the sensation I had as I put a cut of the meaty goodness into my mouth. It was as if all of my steak endeavors had finally reached an epiphany - that all other steaks I'd tried before had been subpar because I had been waiting for this moment of eating Ramsay's signature beef wellington. A true masterpiece. All I could do was moan about how delicious it was because I was speechless. I would recommend those who come here to definitely give it a try.The other, less important, dishes we ordered were half a dozen oysters, the wagyu sliders, and my boyfriend got the American rib cap as his entree. The oysters were alright. I'm a huge fan of oysters so I wanted to get them for myself but they're nothing spectacular or amazing. Definitely skippable unless, of course, you're dying to get your aphrodisiac on before hitting the club. I'm always trying to get my aphrodisiac on.The American wagyu sliders come in 2 little burgers, perfect to split on a dinner date. They are delicious! Seasoned and cooked to perfection. I would recommend trying them! So cute and adorable.My boyfriend really enjoyed his rib cap though I don't think it even compared to the beef wellington tbh if I say so myself, but again, I'm probably biased.The complementary bread is also really good! We didn't get to try the walnut (?) one because my boyfriend is allergic to nuts, so we skipped that one, and the lemon one wasn't that great, but the two that are shaped like little muffins were amaze. I could eat those breads for days.One thing that had me a little sad was that they don't do anything special for birthdays besides very briefly say, "Happy birthday!". Bummer.Very expensive meal, dropped almost 3 bills, but very worth it. Will definitely come back the next time I'm in Vegas and try the mac n cheese.
4	One more quick update on my actual dining experience. We really did have the Ramsay's experience we were hoping for. There is a lot of energy going on in the restaurant- it is definitely loud, like other people have mentioned, but it is a lot of fun. Our waiter had been working at Ramsay's since it opened and was very knowledgeable about the menu. The Beef Wellington was everything I hoped it would be, the bread basket is amazing, we also ordered the Fois Gras appetizer and really enjoyed it. Over all, the food was well executed, everything tasted great, and we had a fantastic time. It isn't the kind of place you would eat at every day, but I would definitely try it out if you are coming into Vegas for vacation or are looking for something special for a birthday or anniversary.
2	2 stars because for the most part the service was ok.  For the price, my steak was not worth the money.  Had a medium rare ribeye advertised as prime cut but the meat was pretty tough.   I've had choice cuts that were less tough.  A person at the table had temp issues with the 3rd steak finally being correct.  $12 for a cup of french press coffee which gets shared with other people who order coffee! Really???  For $12 I want my own french press and my own creamer!  It's these types of celebrity chef branded restaurants that will keep me away from other ones in the future.  I'd rather eat at a place where they have to earn their money each night than and a place that relies on a TV personality brand.  Plus I think the iPad for the cocktails was stupid and not practical.
