4	Today is day one of the week long grand opening for Pizza Rock!  So excited to hear another new establishment has moved downtown!  What's even better was I heard they were showcasing their menu for the public and fine tune the overall experience for the actual opening on Saturday.  Originally, we heard you needed reservations to eat there for free this week, however, a coworker mentioned to us that folks working downtown will be able to roll in without reservations and be seated for dinner.  This was a perfect opportunity for a couple of us to have a nice dinner after a hard day's work!The restaurant is on the corner of Ogden and 3rd St, attached to the Mob Bar and Triple George saloon.  Right away, you notice the huge "Pizza Rock" sign from the outside, bordered by flame artwork.  When you enter, there's a nice seating area with a very friendly hostess station.  Everyone was super excited to greet you and take your name.  Because of the grand opening, we were able to walk around the restaurant and take a look at the decor.  To the right of the hostess stand was the Pizza Takeout window with a viewable kitchen.  Pretty cool.  After the seating area, the main focal point of the restaurant is the life sized semi truck in the middle of the dining area.  Super cool!  It serves as a multi purpose art.  Aside from the obvious attention grabber, it's the new DJ station AND serves to break up the bar area and dining area.  WOW! The bar is huge and gorgeous!  Lots of metal art accents around it.  Lots of exposed brick around the restaurant.  They even have little private coves for seating in the dining area if you want to entertain that romantic date or have an intimate family dinner.  Lots going on and it all seems to work.  When we were greeted by our server, Shirley, we were informed of a couple of things:  They didn't have pasta, they didn't have bread, they didn't have sausage and they didn't have steak.  Kind of bummed about it but everything else was free so I couldn't really complain.  Shirley was a bit flustered as I expected on day one.  She quoted the wrong price for wine, ordered our food at different times which resulted in a lot of waiting and found herself making multiple trips to the table, because of the lack of efficiency.  I completely understand.  First day jitters are a given.  She had a GREAT personality and that ended up going a long way in my book.For dinner, here's what we got:Classic Caesar, normally for $10.00:  Hearts of Romaine, Homemade Caesar dressing, House Croutons and shaved pieces of Parmigiano-Reggiano.  Definitely a shareable dish.  I think this could comfortable feed 3 people as their first course.  Lots of fresh ingredients, but I didn't have a few issues with this salad.  The croutons were way too toasted and very crunchy.  The dressing, as being the star of the dish was way too tangy.  They made it with A LOT of anchovies.  Now I'm a HUGE fan of homemade Caesar dressing but this was way too overpowered with anchovies.Margherita Pizza, normally for $15.00:  This pizza was a 2007 World Pizza Cup Winner in Italy!  Hand mixed dough using imported flour and proofed in wood boxed imported from Italy.  WOW.  San Marzano tomatoes, mozzarella cheese, basil, extra virgin olive oil and sea salt.  The dough from the crust was amazing but the crust turned out a little burnt and had a slightly bitter taste.  The sauce was one of the stars of the show, nice and creamy.  Mozzarella was flavorful and there were a lot for a Margherita, which was awesome.  The only critique was the basil.  Not enough to taste that element which makes a great pie. Downtown Pizza, normally for $19.00:  WOW, lots going on!  Mozzarella, pepperoni, salami, bacon, chives, mushrooms, read onions, bell peppers, olives, Italian sausage and cherry tomatoes.  Think of it as an upgraded supreme.  With all these ingredients, there was no lack of flavor!  WOW loved the flavor punch.  My only feedback was the crust was too thin for this pizza.  It couldn't support the amount of toppings.  It became soggy real fast and we ended up losing a lot of the toppings on the table.  Manhattan Calzone, normally for $12.00:  Stuffed with meatballs, mozzarella, ricotta and garlic.  As my friend put it, you would pay 12 bucks for cheese and bread.  LOTS of CHEESE.  Omg, it was everywhere.  I personally don't think Ricotta is needed.  Maybe use a lot more meat to balance out the cheese.  Holy cheese!  During this week, all menu food items are free.  Our entire bill was comped which was the best part of the evening.  Please remember to tip your servers great!  This review, I've created, is to give the best and most valuable feedback, so this place thrives downtown.  Just the ambiance alone will take them far.  I will certainly be back to try other items of the menu.  Next time, I'm hitting the steak and pasta hard!
5	Mock service started this week with free food as they iron out the kinks in opening a brand new restaurant/bar. The decor is very cool and urban, with high ceilings and good music playing through pretty awesome sounding speakers, but it wasnt too loud.  I sat at the bar and liked how there was a good view of a tv no matter where you sat, but there werent too many tvs to make it feel like a sports book or anything. I liked the open view of the kitchen and pizza oven as well.Started out with a sweet nothing to drink and it was superb. Highly recommend it. It combines strawberry, basil, balsamic reduction....yum. My buddy has a moscow mule and I heard it was perfect tooFor an appetizer i had the meatballs. They were very good and flavorful. For the main course we ordered the barrata burger, the boss pizza and the margarita pizza as well.Our favorite of those was the boss, which had an amazing crust (thick and crispy) and generous toppings: red & yellow peppers, pepperoni, house made sausage, and salami. Wowsa...It would have been a $32 pizza but well worth it. 12 big slices of deliciousness. The barrata burger was juicy and was very good too. I heard they were still tweaking it and even if it doesnt get any better, its really good. The margarita pizza was very amazimg...and the crust was great as well. It is enough for at least 2 people. Overall the place was nice, service was excellent, and I look forward to coming back many more times.
5	I consider myself a pizza snob.  Went in skeptical but was very impressed. Service was a bit slow but that will improve as this was their soft opening. But regardless it was worth the wait. Never written a review on Yelp before but just signed up to give this place props!Welcome to the hood and good luck!
5	They're working out the kinks but the food and attention from the staff are phenomenal! My visit was during their mock service week but it made no difference at all, we were treated amazingly well! We had the green beans, meatballs, and stromboli with pepperoni which was sooooo good! Parking was easy in the downtown 3 garage and they validate it for you. Order the otter pop too, I had a raspberry and melon. I will for sure be back! Welcome to the neighborhood.
5	This was my first experience at Pizza Rock and I am extremely impressed!!! I had the meatballs, and Chicago cracker thin Michigan Ave. pizza. Everything was absolutely outstanding!!! The staff was very attentive and polite. I also would like to say the ambiance was very welcoming, exciting and just over all was a fun atmosphere. I will certainly be recommending this restaurant!!!I look forward to returning to Pizza Rock in the near future.Keep up the great work!!!
5	Heard about this place opening on yahoo and had to go check it out. I saw the owner compete on food network years ago and have always wanted try his pizza. The pizza defiantly didn't disappoint. Plus it was free on top of that cause they were running trials at that time. I love how they are revamping the down town area and this place if defiantly is a must if you coming to vegas or you're from Vegas.
5	Food was delicious! We had the "Boss" pizza and it was huge! Also had the meatballs which were tasty as well. As with any restaurant just opening, they are dealing with all of the kinks and establishing ways to work through them. Staff was amazing in keeping us in the loop on the wait time of our order. Love the decor and I am looking forward to dining here again soon! Once everything is worked out this place is going to be phenomenal!
5	I've eaten here twice now both during mock trials the first time took awhile on the food but after it arrived I was very pleased and the second time everything was perfect from service to food! The food is amazing and our server was full of personality she keep us well entertained while waiting! Can't wait to come back.
5	I've had the pleasure of dining at this location during their "mock" week. We LOVE the Calamari Fritti Calabrese!  We will order this every time.  The calzones are amazing as well we had the baked Manhattan 12.  The Margherita 16 is world famous and award winning!  The Pizza Romana #II is wonderful...I can't wait to try #I and #III!!  Under the California section on the menu - the Pizza Campari 16 will pull be back in every time!  SOOOO good.  This is what I know - I always leave fat and happy!  This pizza kitchen is a jewel for downtown - can't wait to try the Dirty Steak with a Gulden Draak!!  Shirley was our fav wait person!!  Ricky the GM is more than knowledgeable about the restaurant and the beverages he serves!  Amaz!!  Welcome Pizza Rock - we're so happy you're here!
5	I love this place. The staff is amazing EVERYONE IS FRIENDLY. From back of the house to the hostess! The staff all have a unique edgy look. The guy spins pizza dough out on the floor and plays with the crowed. The food is exceptional. It has an upbeat vibe with good ol fresh home cooked food. I am in LOVE!
1	No pizza for sell at the takeout window on opening day, ridiculous business.  I didnt see any of the award winning pizzas that were advertised for the grand opening. What kind of  grand no takeout business at a pizza business. Most pizza joints do more than half of sales from takeout business.
4	Loved the place. Staff was awesome and so was the pizza. While waiting for the pizza was given some meatballs to munch on; they were delicious. Would recommend the place for great atmosphere and food.
2	Read about this place in the LV Weekly so I figured I'd try it out. Ordered the Margherita and a pepperoni pizza. The margherita came out quickly but the pepperoni took so long to come out that management comped it for us, which was nice of them to do. Really wasn't too impressed with the pizza and I'd say that if you've been to Grimaldi's, stick with Grimaldi's. Nice servers and management, the pizza just wasn't impressive.
4	This place is great!  From the DJ spinning classic rock in a semi-truck to the guy spinning pizza, it is a great time.  The garlic bread was cheesy and garlicky and the pepperoni pizza was heaven!  The vibe in the restaurant is super cool and the service was top-notch!!
5	I went for the soft opening and was blown away! Food and ambiance was beyond amazing. Not just a pizza joint! WORLD CLASS CHEF!!! It's a must GO!
5	Finally, a pizza joint in DTLV that delivers on it's promise of NYC style pizza.  I'm a picky pizza snob and arrived with high hopes and low expectations.  The food and service were fantastic!  I'll be a regular.  Highly recommended.
5	I think the pizza is amazing. Different pizzas are cooked at different temperatures to achieve the taste of that particular style pizza.  For example: the Napoletana is cooked at 900 degrees.   The New York Style at 700 degrees.  Chicago cracker thin at 650.   Definitely worth the visit.  Enjoyed the big selection of beer too.
5	I went here last Tuesday and there was happy hour going on. The manager, Amanda, suggested my friend and I try the sweet nothing drink. Amazing! My friend and I were not gonna eat but decided to try the pizza since it was on happy hour and it was the most amazing pizza in the world! I believe it was called Cal Italian. I've never had anything better! It was an amazing mix of crunchy, cheesy, sweet awesomeness. The bartenders and staff were very attentive and gave excellent service. Amanda and Ricky the mangers there are both very nice and gave excellent suggestions. The service there was perfect. My friend and I left to get a drink at another place and ended up going back there for another piece of pizza from the togo window and omgggg that slice was amazing toooo! I got the picante which was a perfect amount of spicyness. I have been searching for a decent pizza place in Vegas, I didn't know I would find the best pizza I have ever had! I can't wait to go back! A must try for everyone! :)
5	This is seriously good pizza.  From tomato, pesto to nutella, apple and walnut pizza!  Great atmosphere, great service and crazy good pizza.
5	New place in DTLV, and I'm a fan! The place is big, but I like the layout b/c the sections have a separate-like feel that flows well. The bar is spacious, with plenty of seats and eating room. In addition to their regular dining tables, there's a separate, large dining table for large parties, and cute little intimate 2-person tables too. The decor is a sort of rock 'n roll, meets construction zone, meets French provencal (mirror, chandeliers, bathroom), but it works! I also like the little touches, like paper bags as place mats and tomato sauce cans to hold silverware. The kitchen is that exposed Italian pizzeria style. I wish I could do a better job at explaining the layout, but you'll just have to go and see it.The food is really good. The calarmari was damn near perfect. Ok, I can't say a bad thing about it. It was perfectly crisp (I hate soggy calamari). There's 2 ways you can order it, Traditional or Calabrese Style. I got half and half and both were just delicious. Calabrese style is the spicier version. I got the house salad. A basic, no frills, salad. But the lettuce and tomatoes were fresh. I was pleased. The pizza I chose was the PROSCIUTTO E POMODORINI. So good! I do wish the prosciutto was a little crispy (like my favorite pizza place Lucifer's does their's) but it was still a yummy pizza! Everything tasted so fresh and delicious. For dessert I got the Tiramisu. Ok, first I want to say, I am not a huge fan of Tiramisu. I've tried it several times at different places, and it never blew me away. But during my last trip to Italy with the husband, he would always get it, so it became our Italian vaca thing. Tiramisu at every restaurant. So I began to appreciate this dessert. Back to Pizza Rock's Tiramisu... AMAZING! It was a large piece, my first reaction was, "Oh I'll never finish this." My husband had about 3 bites of it because I couldn't stop the food beast inside me.I didn't try any of their drinks, but they do have several beers on tap, wine and a full bar.Another cool thing is they have a walk-up pizza window that people passing by outside can order pizza by the slice from. Awesome!The staff is all very friendly. Service was great. I am excited about this great place so close to where I live. And I highly recommend trying it out.Parking is a pain, so just expect that.
5	Pause, do not pass Go, go directly to Pizza Rock Las Vegas. You will not be dissatisfied. This is the latest addition to the franchise. That blows me away - this is not franchise food. The drinks are made from scratch, sours made in- house, the salad s are spot on. They do this thing with making pizza - they make it based on the temperature. We had the Michigan thin crust. To die for! The staff was selected with care. They are awesome. Friendly as can be. This is a do again. Ask for Bentley at the bar or Harmony at a table; you will not be disappointed.
5	First time I have ever had a guldan draak draft beer and I promise you it won't be my last!! The reverse happy hour is where it's at. Open til 12 on Monday with killer deals. My server shawnie recommended we start with two of the happy hour apps ( meatballs and Gorgonzola fries) and they were both delicious. Worth well over their 3 dollar price. The manager Ricky stopped by and convinced us to try the Cali italia pizza (also on happy hour) and it was amazing! Don't let the tiny front opening fool you. This place is huge with a million different types of pizzas and beers. I will definitely return!
5	We strolled in a little late looking for a small bite to eat and we stumbled into happy hour.  Shani was fantastic and informative.  She told us to try the cal italia.  I was a little hesitant because of the figs but she talked it up so much we had to try it.  This pizza is incredible and I don't just say that being a guy from New Jersey!  The manager Ricky stopped over to see how we were doing and I was amazed by his passion and knowledge for this business.  I am also in the customer service industry and I love to see someone that is driven by customer satisfaction.  He told us about the history of pizza rock and this pizza surely does!!  I will be back.
5	Another great addition to downtown. Sorry to all the other pizza joints but this place is Legit!! After reading the new opening section I wanted to Pizza Rock that happens to serve my favorite food(Pizza ; ) We started out with a Caesars Salad. It was a decent size that three of us shared as an app. Nice crunchy croutons and shave fresh Parmigiano Reggiano on top. The server offered fresh pepper as he delivered the food. The Margherita- this was brought out first. The San Marzanos tomatoes make this pizza so tasty. The dough is soft and and cooked in perfectly. Defiantly reminds me of Italy!Classic Italian style- decided on the Prosciutto and Pomodorini. This was my favorite of the two. The fresh arugula and the cherry tomatoes adding some acidity. Also this dough had more of a crisp to it. amazing! Service was excellent. We had plenty of questions and our serve helped along the way. Some many more different styles of pizza to try and the other items on the menu as well. I will be back this week
5	Food and service were amazing. Had the margarita pizza, Parmesan garlic fries and the house salad. So delicious! Draft beer selections were great too! Definately going to recommend this place to my friends! Thanks Amanda!
5	You will not be disappointed. The food is amazing. We have all have pizza for years but I promise there will be something on the menu you have never had. We had the CAL ITALIA Gold Medal Winner - Food Network Pizza Champions ChallengeAsiago, Mozzarella, Imported Gorgonzola, Sweet Fig Preserve, Prosciutto di Parma, Parmigiano-Reggiano, Balsamic Reduction Beer selection is terrific and I cannot wait to go back!
5	A new DTLV restaurant so had to try it.   The experience and the food both get 5stars! My friend and I ordered two pizzas (Margherita and Michigan Ave). We knew it would be too much pizza for two people yet wanted to sample.   We were not disappointed.  Both were terrific!    The general manager Tony stopped by our table to make sure  everything was fine.   He told us about the kitchen with different  Brick Ovens and the different types of flour used for the crust.   We cannot wait to return!   Definitely a great addition to downtown.
4	While exploring the Fremont Experience, I found the Pizza Rock; I have read about it on Eater's Vegas page and reading about the famous chef I was hoping to see them. Entering the building, I saw the cooks make a massive pizza with ricotta cheese, banana peppers and pepperoni and while the pizzas looked amazing, I decided on a calzone. The prices for their items are prices reasonable and the calzone I devoured was delicious; the cheese oozes while the meatballs were delicious and nicely seasoned. My only complaint is the size of the calzone (and even the slices of pizza) are quite big and may be too much for some people
4	Pizza Rock is one of the newest additions to Downtown 3rd, located right across the street from the brand spanking new Downtown Grand.Not quite sure where the best place to park is for free parking. I ended up going to the Binion's garage (free 3 hour parking with validation). It's just a short walk away (1 block).A Sunday brunch stroll in was welcoming. Not too busy, friendly staff. We decided to start off with the Salumi & Formaggio Board and a Margherita pizza, which apparently is a signature pizza they're proud of. Ended the meal with a tiramisu dessert.Salumi & Formaggio Board: Assorted meats and cheeses, candied walnuts, focaccia toast and fig jam. I enjoyed this. One of the lighter options to start off your meal.Margherita pizza: The pizza was quite tasty. You can tell they used some great ingredients in this. Split between 2 people, this pizza satisfied us, but it's not a heavy pizza. The ravenous might want to go for one of the heftier pizza options.Tiramisu: Really tasty and creamy, served in a glass. Not a huge dessert, but makes for a good closing. All in all, a great experience here. One thing I noticed on the way out is that they have weekly specials that use ingredients purchased at the Downtown 3rd Farmers Market. I'm going to have to give those a try on my next go around. There are also huge TVs located at every corner which made it great for us to watch the football game during our meal.
4	Before anything else, let me just state that I hate driving to downtown LV because I have no patience to parallel park my yacht, I'm too cheap to pay for parking and there's always some crazy/drunk person crossing the street when they're not supposed to tempting me to run them over.    /endrantI read on a review to park in DT garage 3 - well, I didn't do that. You can also parallel park in front of the restaurant or across the street - I didn't do that either. I parked at Binion's which is a short walk from Pizza Rock. I was told that the DT garage is a mess anyway. I had no clue where I needed to walk after parking my car so I followed a showgirl wearing sparkly stuff and feathers. She was walking towards the opposite direction - I was late for dinner but I got pics of her nice cheeks!/endshenanigansThe place is filled with TV's so you can watch sports. There's a big rig coming out of the wall. Sheet metal with a heart, spade, club, diamond cut out on the ceiling. I got a Chimay...3/4 of it since 1/4 of it ended up on the table when it was put in front of me. They were giving me a grapefruit drink which I apparently ordered and not a Chimay. I hate grapefruit so let me go ahead and order me a grapefruit drink because that makes sense!I was looking forward to trying their truffle fries/ rosemary garlic fries and Cal Italia pizza. So we get those plus meatballs and margherita pizza. Kacey informed us that this is the same as Tony's Pizza Napoletana in San Francisco. She was right. Same menu and everything. We were debating whether or no we should get a Sicilian pizza but it's $30...for a pizza? What?Truffle Fries:Fries were crispy inside and out. Truffle flavor was not noticeable. They drizzled a little bit of truffle oil, I only saw a few tiny specks of black truffles on these fries. Flavor was definitely lacking. 2/5Rosemary Garlic Fries:The rosemary taste was strong. I was hoping for more garlic flavor instead of GROSSmary. 2.5/5Meatballs:6 tender smelly balls. Smelly because of the cheese probably. They were ok. 3.5/5Margherita Pizza:Great crisp chewy crust. Real tomatoes, mozzarella cheese and basil. A pizza for the purists. 4/5Cal italia:Mario and Luigi did not approve of the Cal Italia. This California-inspired pizza was a Food Network Gold Medal winner if it matters to anyone. It has gorgonzola, asiago, mozzarella, sweet fig preserve, prosciutto di Parma, Parmiggiano-Reggiano and balsamic reduction. Sweet and salty...not for the purists. I enjoyed this bastardized pizza. 5/5We got a 20% discount for being locals. Their happy hour starts at 10pm and some menu items go for $3, $5 and $7. Service was not the best but it wasn't horrible. Pizzas were good but skip the fries. So, overall, this place deserves 3.5 stars.Shortly after posting my review, I got a message from one of the owners and he said:"Would like to send you some additional info on Pizza Rock:- Free valet parking is available for Pizza Rock directly across the street at the Downtown Grand casino.- The Sicilian pizza is a large format pizza and generally serves 3 people, hence the $30 price tag."So there! Now you know.
5	The service was great. The atmosphere was good. I went for lunch with hubby and the kids. I wish I had known about the locals discount! I had the PLT which was amazing. The pesto and tomato was a great combination. The fries were very tasty and garlicky! Perfect when sprinkled with Parmesan. If I ever find myself down town, I will definitely stop in.
4	Meh-rio may not be a fan... but I enjoyed it. Granted, I've had better pizza, meatballs and fries (by far) elsewhere but I like the location and the decor plus they have an awesome selection of pizzas and beers. Nice size place with lots of seating and I love that they have multiple styles of pizza ovens.Margherita Pizza - I loved this pie when I had it at Tony's pizza spot in San Fran. I wasn't as in love with it here.Meatballs - not grandma's but not bad either. The sauce was good and at 6 for $10 it wasn't horribly priced.Fries - hahahahaha... next (please take this off your menu.. i would be embarrassed to serve those)Beer - Blanche de Bruxelles on tap. Thank you!!!! "Pissing Boy" beer for everyone!Service - ehhh... our waiter was a bit awkward and not great at answering questions we had. When I asked how much the beers were he just said "it's not as expensive as elsewhere"... ummmm.... thanks? He poorly explained the size of the sicilian pizza which we realized when we saw one come out after. But... he did give us 20% off on our bill for being locals so YAY!We asked if they had a sicilian pie without all the crazy toppings and were told that "we can take the toppings off but it's going to be the same price." So for the people like me that like a simple pizza... fugghetaboutit.. full price for you!Hopefully some of these issues and inconsistencies are due to the fact that they haven't been open long. I wish them the best and I'll be back again in the future to try some different dishes.
5	This is where pizza lovers go to indulge. I was weary of (yet another) pizza place downtown, but Pizza Rock brings a modern twist to my favorite Friday night treat. I ordered the destroyer of self control pizza (not its real name)- chewy dough cascaded with mozzarella, a combination of spicy chili flakes and sweet honey topped with crispy onions. All washed down with a reasonably priced craft beer. Pizza Rock rocked my socks out of my crocs.
4	This place was pretty darn good.  The margherita pizza was delicious! We also had the calamari app which was great. The service was a little slow but very friendly. I would definitely return.
2	Hype machine in full motion here. I love to support downtown business and Ricky did offer to replace our pizzas but striking out after two pizzas, one named after downtown, really hurt. I'm New York born and this is not really good pizza, its really glitzed up pizza. Verrazano's south is much better for my tastes, Pop up pizza was better, and Settebello crushes them on authentic. The place is nice but looks a lot like Vamps. Good beers on tap. Really good music, but the prices are high and where is the food quality or the award winning chef? Even had farmers market items on the menu, but I never got to hear the specials. Oh well, a one and done.
3	I have been waiting to try this place, and the variety of pizzas on the menu was just amazing. The flatbread was phenomenal as was the white pizza and their award-winning Margarita pizza. While the food was incredible, along with the service, the biggest drawback was the loud music.  It literally overpowered our group's conversation where we had to yell at one another to actually hear anything.  I understand the name "Pizza Rocks" however I didn't realize I would be dining in a concert environment.  Perhaps I should have ordered "to go" like many others that were in the main lobby.
2	Have you ever thought to yourself, "I really wish I could pay $17 for a 12 inch, undercooked pizza at a rock and roll themed restaurant that looks like a semi truck ran through the walls!"??? Then boy, do I have a place for you!! So, maybe that was a loaded intro, but I'll make up for it by keeping this short and sweet. We ordered the 6 meatballs, truffle fries, rosemary garlic fries, a margherita pizza and a Cal Italia pizza. The meatballs had zero flavor to them and were mighty dry. The sauce was passable. Not only could I have made better meatballs, but that one Aunt everyone has who cooks terrible food and brings it during your family gatherings could have out shined these meatballs with her eyes closed. The fries were an embarrassment. Like, think cheap bargain basement U.S. Foods quality fries with barely any flavor added to them. It's a pizzeria and they weren't too outrageous at $6, so I won't hold that one too much against them. The pizza we ordered was the trendy napoletana style small undercooked pizza. It was ok. Not $16 ok, but ok. I should really have tried the New York style, but that will be saved for another time. Those are $20+ a piece. And should you want a Sicilian, they offer them here, but for $30+ for a rectangle. Apparently you can get away with charging these prices in Downtown Las Vegas. At somewhere like New York Pizza & Pasta, you pay $17 to start, and it fills the entire square of the 16" pizza box. I didn't try the other pie as the toppings didn't do it for me. The server was friendly. Though, a pet peeve of mine is when a pizzeria doesn't automatically bring out parmesan and red pepper. It should either be on the table right away or served with the pizza. That's pizza 101, guys. Thankfully, the drinks weren't too nuts. My Jack and Coke was like $7. They also offer a 20% discount for locals, so I suppose those two things ease the highway robbery a bit. There are TV's everywhere and the place is spacious. So, the highlight of my experience was that there were TVs and I wasn't crammed in around other people... It's downtown, where it's trendy to overpay for subpar items and deal with inconvenient parking. Not sure I'll return, unless I'm in the area and starving. If I do, I'll try a NY style and skip the meatballs and fries. You probably should too.
3	I really wish I could give this place a higher star rating but perhaps I will be back another time to change it.It wasn't that the food as bad, although my meatball sub came out lukewarm, it wasn't the bad service even though I got the sense the waitress wasn't thrilled to have to wait on a table that had three younger children, it was the process in which the food was delivered and the awkwardness of watching everyone else at other tables who came in after us got served first.All we ordered was one meatball sub, one order of mac and cheese, one p, b and j pizza from the kids meal (which was oddly a cheese pizza with peanut butter and jelly) and one cheese roll.  The food took forever to come, and it came one thing at a time, really slowly.  First the mac and cheese for one of my sons, then the pizza, then the cheese roll, and then 5 minutes later my meatball sub.  The fact that it was lukewarm probably says that it was actually sitting there waiting for someone to get it.  This sounds like a discombobulated communication error on the side of the kitchen staff and the runners/waitstaff.I did get 20% off for checking in, but overall I was left less than impressed.  Perhaps I will give it another chance, or perhaps I will just stick with my standbys and let the Zappos folk flock to it and be catered to since it's hip for them.
5	First time here- loved the margarita pizza- simple, yet each ingredient came shining through! Grilled asparagus was delicious too!
3	We eyed the Margherita pizza and saw that only 73 of them are made a day and since I only like cheese pizza it only made sense to try it. Perhaps this is just me but I didn't find it delicious. You get this super thin crust pizza with a thin layer of tomato sauce and big blobs of mozzarella cheese. The crust wasn't very crispy; the tomato sauce was just okay and the cheese was just that - slightly warm, soft and mushy cheese. Apparently, locals get 20% discount. Wish we knew about it. I might have to come back to try something else later.
5	Coconut Cooler with a hint of lime (very refreshing, really nice).  Coconut curry beer (surprisingly pretty good).  A few Blue Moons and a Spanish Fly (really enjoyed the agave nectar).  Chorizo mussels served in a spicy tomato sauce over thick chunks of toasted bread.  Battered & fried (not greasy!) large whole artichokes served with a slightly spice aioli (nice size for the price and were slightly addicting).  And this was just the beginning (Go ahead, read it again with a smile).Six hungry, hedonistic gastronomes with an expectation of sumptuous, savory sustenance drawn from a not-so-long-ago memory of amazing pizza in San Francisco.  Tony's Pizza Napoletano.Will Tony's pizza be just as good here as it was in San Francisco? Will the hot (ok, not so hot in November), dry Mojave desert climate affect the chewy goodness of Tony's pizza crusts?  Will two pizza's suffice?  Perhaps we should opt for three?  Perhaps order two and add a third later?  Our friendly server, Autumn, suggested placing our order all together due to several large parties.  Thank you, Autumn!Here goes:Clam and garlic - OMG.  Best damn clam pizza we've had.  Perfect Goldilock-sized pieces of clam with garlic generously enveloping every bite.Diavola - Like spicy?  We like spicy.  And we really like Diavola!  A spicy pie served with generous chunks of sopressata, mozzarella, and arugala.  And oh yes, a spicy tomato sauce.  I loved that the arugala was ever so slightly wilted, providing a slight pepperiness without being overly bitter.Qual Egg White Rose Potato Guanciale - Guanciale is one of our favorite Italian pork products.  The rich flavor of the buttery guanciale paired beautifully with the delicate flavors of the potato, quail egg, and mozzarella.  Very nicely done!After consuming all but a small slice of the clam & garlic and looking at it sadly, then glancing around the table, we realized we were satisfyingly satisfied.And then Autumn brought the dessert menu.  Mind you, we were stuffed.  Truly.  I just kept thinking how perhaps a bit of gelato would... I don't know, do... something.  So, since we started a coconut trend earlier in the evening I delightedly selected some coconut sorbet.  My sister chose the Pecan Turnover - a puff pastry brimming with a sweet maple-pecan crunch and a generous serving of ice cream on top.  The coconut sorbet was a very generous serving of refreshing coconut, and I feel badly and a little sad that I wasted so much.Are you a local?  Do you love pizza?  Do you like hanging downtown?  Me too!  And guess what?!  Locals receive a discount.  Oh yes.  Keep me coming back, baby.  And... they have take out.  I sense Mastunicola in my future (by the way, Google translator is great for learning how to correctly pronounce Italian pizza names).Welcome to Vegas, Tony and crew!  We are so glad you came.
5	5 Stars...We went to Pizza Rock and checked it out on a Saturday night.  The ambiance is AWESOME.  I mean they play some awesome mix of Rock and Roll..their DJ booth is the front of a semi truck...which is pretty awesome.  The bathrooms were clean (hey, that's important...if the bathrooms are dirty imagine what the kitchen looks like).  And the food was great too!  We ordered the margarita pizza.  I would give the sauce 4 stars, it was a little too sweet...but everything else about the pizza was fabulous! I will definitely be back!
3	$19.00 for a pizza that was so, so. Expensive for a 6 slice pizza.  We split the Downtown and it was just a bit too soggy for me.   Flavor was decent and the atmosphere of this place is nice.  Locals if you check in on Yelp 20% off the bill or 15% if you show local ID.
4	Went to Pizza Rock tonight with my wife, daughter, and a family friend.  While I was aware they have an extensive menu, it was such a pleasant evening we wanted to eat outside.  Pizza Rock has a nice outdoor dining area adjacent to an ordering window that faces the alley at The Grand in downtown off 3rd street.     We went up to the window to order, but since we weren't 100% sure on what we wanted to order we went just inside the entryway to place our orders, since it's a bit quieter and we could here the servers/cooks better.  They had several varieties of pizzas to choose from all ready to eat similar to other pizza-by-the-slice restaurants.  I ordered 2 pepperoni slices, my wife got a pepperoni and a cheese slice, and the kids each got a slice of pepperoni.  The prices were reasonable my wife's and my 4 slices total and 2 sodas came to $22 which was about what I had planned on spending for a meal for 2.  The slices are very large, larger then other slices I've had from any other pizza-by-the-slice restaurant.  It was just enough to be a full meal without being too much.  The servers were very friendly and helpful too - quick and efficient.  We ate out in the aforementioned outdoor dining area, and had a great time together.  The location was fun, with many people coming and going, and the music from the Fremont Experience was keeping us rocking in our seats.  The pizza was hot and tasty.  I give the pizza 3 out of 5 stars, and the atmosphere, locale, and staff the 4th star.  I'm more partial to a New York style crust, a slightly thicker than cracker crust.  Pizza Rock was the extra thin crust style which is not my personal favorite.  The cheese was good, but average and the pepperonis flavorful but lacking any real oomph.  The best part for me was the sauce, which was a very light, and not overly tomato-ish which I find Sbarro's sauce to be.  Not my personal favorite, but quite good overall. I would go back for slices at Pizza Rock, as we all had a blast and the pizza was good.
3	OK, my daughter and I were walking around Fremont for the World Food Competition and all the cooking made us hungry  so we yelped it and found Pizza  - Rock, yea! we love pizza, and especially award winning pizza so walked on over. Super cute on the outside and inside, walk up window or inside seating. Walls painted black, crystal chandeliers, and a huge semi truck all in the same room, and they made it work. So the food, we ordered the margarita pizza, the owner won a pizza contest in Italy for it so that was a no brain er,  and a pear, walnut and Gorgonzola salad. Nice server, took the order, then never came back, it was not busy, finally someone else brought everything out at once, we didn't care about that after all it's a pizza place. The salad was good, about the same as that salad anywhere you go, but the pizza was cold! We had to call the server over to see if maybe it was supposed to be served that way? Nope, he took it back, and brought us a hot one. It was good, very simple good crust, tomato sauce just like in Italy, and yummy mozzarella and basil. Don't know if I will go back, sure they don't care given the location, just not stellar. I live right downtown and am always looking for places to support down here, but....... Oh yes, if you go make sure you mention it if you are local, cause no one asked us so no discount!
5	This restaurant just opened up in Downtown Las Vegas.   The food is delicious and their ambiance is appealing.  Not too many people know its open yet but I'm sure it will get busy when they do.  Their appetizers are huge and their pizza is amazing.  Their dessert is legit.  I recommend the Tiramisu. Their service was 6-Stars out of 5.  I'll be back for sure.
5	Went to Pizza Rock with friends.  First impression - this place is really cool.  Live DJ was housed in a restored Peterbilt truck, small booths for couples to enjoy a nice dinner, raised tables along with traditional seating... all around a great look and feel.  But the most impressive thing was the service, quality and variety of food - completely unexpected.  We started with calamari that was both traditional and spicy along with fried artichokes and meatballs...fabulous.  Then the pizza... all I can say is -  OMG - they know how to make pizza - the choices ranged from traditional to "you have got to be kidding me!!"  Under the recommendation of others dining, we were encouraged to try the Mud Pie for dessert.... which we all agreed was the best dessert ever.  If you haven't tried Pizza Rock yet - you are missing out!
5	This restaurant was recommended to us by a hotel employee. She said it was the best pizza she had found in Las Vegas. Great menu and awesome beer list. Full bar too. Good music playing as well. Was loud enough to enjoy but not too loud where you couldn't talk. We started with the garlic cheese bread. Was good and you could see the garlic pieces on it. Yum! Then got the New Yorker pizza. Wow! Great flavor, garlicky and perfect thin crust. Give this place a try!!! And when you do, try to get Sarah (red headed waitress) to be your server. Her advice was great! She knows her beers and she definitely knows her pizza!
4	I've now been to Pizza Rock twice. First things first, why not 5 stars? Basically because I've been here twice and I have never been told that locals receive 20% off their bill. What the heck Pizza Rock? I don't typically go around asking, Hey can I get a local discount? But. When I've been here twice and sung its praises to people - and yet, I've been able to get 20% off but haven't? Arg. That ruffles my feathers.On to what is GOOD. Happy hour is awesome. Personal pizzas, apps, well drinks, and cocktails all on the cheap. My friends and I came here during HH and split all three of the personal pizzas and shared the meatballs. Okay. I'm no meatball expert but I think these are delicious. Meaty, not bready, and the sauce it comes with compliments very well. I also like that these meatballs are simple. I've had way too many meatballs that have way too much going on with them. Another reason I like them: you can cut them down the middle with your fork and they fall away in two pieces, not a bunch of lumpy, gross meat pieces. Quality. I think.Other than HH.... I came here with my hubby on a Saturday night. Luckily they have plenty of 2-top tables so we were seated quickly. Service was quick and to the point. Our server neither impressed me or upset me so I'll give a neutral rating for service.What we ordered... The New Yorker 23. It was the one pizza on the menu I figured my picky (and rather plain-Jane) husband would enjoy. The New Yorker comes with: Sliced Mozzarella, Tomato Sauce, Sliced House Link Sausage, Garlic, Pepperoni, Ricotta. I asked for the link sausages to be removed and replaced with mushrooms. They were happy to oblige. Under the menu it says, "Winner, Best Traditional, Las Vegas". I'm not sure what that means.Overall thoughts on the pizza... I enjoyed it. I love the thin crust style. The mix of cheese and sauce was perfect. Pepperoni... Okay. The Ricotta cheese was an awesome addition, creamy and slightly sweet offsetting the heartiness of the pepperoni and garlic. The flavors were that of a "normal" pizza, but with a refinement. I think this was a perfect way to satisfy my more adventurous side and my husband's more traditional side.Final decision: Mine and my husband's dinner was a bit pricey. Although delicious, I would rather go back for the happy hour. HH is your best bet here. And ya, go ahead and throw in the fact you're a local. You'll probably get a discount, unlike me. I'd also be interested in just heading up to the take out window to take a slice to go.Other things I want to go back for:Their Margherita (only 73 made per day)Clam and Garlic PizzaLa Regina (The Gold Cup Winner)Quail Egg White Rose Potato Guanciale PizzaCal Italia (again, this comes as one of the Personal Pizzas on HH menu and is a FoodNetwork winner)The Chorizo Mussels (App)And I would come back again for the meatballs.Looks, like I'll be making a few return trips. The great thing is, I am so happy there is a good, inventive pizza place so close to where I live now.
5	Best pizza dining experience in Las Vegas!!! Super cool, super fun, super yummy. Pizza, beer, hip decor, great music. Pizza rock rocks!
3	Ordered 2 16" pizzas. One was all veggie and the other was all meat. Came out to be around $50. It was okay pizza. I am a crust nibbler. So I was really disappointed that both pizzas were burnt on the edges. But the flavor was really good. The sauce is tangy and delicious. I am still contemplating if I should give it another shot.
4	We enjoyed Pizza Rock for the first time recently, and it was delicious. My boyfriend had the pepperoni, and I had the cheese slice. We stood around and scarfed it like starving rodents. I liked the atmosphere out on the sidewalk, and the fact that they have a take out window. We'll definitely go again. We enjoy going downtown every so often, and usually park at the adjacent lot by Mainstreet Station. Sometimes, it's free, and sometimes it's not. Either way, it's easy and we'll just walk around from there. The two drawbacks from this experience is the take out window needs some adjustments. The timing and execution of placing an order, paying, and then receiving it was confusing, backed up, and a bit disorganized. Perhaps, once they get into the groove then this will sort itself out. Also, I had no idea they offer a 20% local discount. This wasn't offered when ordering, nor did I see a display of the offer.
5	Been to PR several times and have never had the pizza till today. Thin Crust sausage and Pep. Takes me back East. Delicious.
4	Tried out P Rock on their 3rd Saturday night of being open.  We are Tony G's customers' from CALI.  Not only did we love Pizza Rock but we found familiar must haves from Pizza Napolitano in SF North Beach & throwbacks from Pyzanos.  Gorganzola fries, garlic green beans! Cal Italia pie & more.  Gotta have that Molinari classic salame from SF!Shout out to our Bartender & server, ERIN for providing the best experience & keeping us very happy!  Good luck in SF, Erin!
5	Ok, I've eaten her about a dozen times since my first visit, and I'm still a fan. Some of my favs that I'd like to recommend are the meatballs, which I guess is made in house, not shipped frozen. The Cal Italia pizza which they won a Food Network award for. And the Burrata Burger. You've gotta try these!
3	I kept hearing about this Tony guy and his award winning pizzas, I was excited to try a new pizzeria that was getting so much buzz. Goal was to try one pizza from each of the ovens.NAPOLETANA - 900 DEGREE WOOD STEFANO FERRARA. We went with the MARGHERITA. This was pretty standard, nothing stood out, I felt it was served a bit cold as well, although Michael made a good point, it couldn't been from the photo ops.PIZZA ROMANA - ELECTRIC BRICK OVEN 700 DEGREES. We chose the ROMANA III. It's 3 pizzas in 1. 1/3 was Gorgonzola, Dates & Pecans, Apples, Honey, Nutella (this was my favorite) 1/3 was Sweet Fig Preserves, Prosciutto, Gorgonzola, Balsamic Reduction (this was my second favorite) and the other portion was Ricotta, Garlic, Basil, Linguisa, Piquante Peppers. This was a nice option if you have lots of people in your party, you can a piece of each.CLASSIC ITALIAN - GAS BRICK OVEN 650 DEGREES. We chose the CAL ITALIA. This was the Gold Medal winner on the Food Network, and the winner for Jaime W and I. I liked how all the ingredients came together.CALIFORNIA - 900 DEGREE WOOD FIRE OVEN. We chose the QUAIL EGG WHITE ROSE POTATO GUANCIALE. This had a kick, spicy! This was my least favorite of the pizzas, not a fan of eggs on my pizza, but at least I can say I gave it a try. We then sampled the Farmers Market pizza, weekly special using ingredients from Downtown Farmers Market, this week it was pumpkin, brown sugar, cinnamon, bacon and topped with dollops of marshmallow. Didn't really do anything for me. Dessert, yes we still had room for dessert. Mud Pie, Pecan Turnover and Desert Calzone. Nothing really excited me. It was all pretty standard. Overall, I wasn't in love with this place. Nothing was that spectacular that would make me drive to Downtown and attempt to find parking. Save this place for the tourists.
5	Great new place in downtown.  The feeling you get in here is pizza parlor,  sports bar, restaurant.  Fun.  The pizzas are artisan brick oven.  Had the margherita pizza,  perfect ratio of mozzarella, tomato and basil.  On my second visit I had the Burreta burger,  kobe beef deliciousness. It's a perfect buttery Bun,  spring greens,  caramelized onions,  Burreta cheese, and kobe beef. Comes with a side of fries.  I had the garlic rosemary,  nice and crispy with lots of flavor.
3	The food here (chorizo and mussels, NY pizza) was great, the service less so, but the thing that made the biggest impression to me was the atmosphere. It was just a little too in-your-face rock n' roll for me. Sure, I may be sounding like an old curmudgeon whose coffee is too hot, but I felt like the atmosphere was drowning out everything else here, including the wonderful pizza. It bothers me when a place tries too hard for a style (i.e. Double Down Saloon), and that is precisely what Pizza Rock does best. What the hell does rock n' roll have to do with pizza anyway? My guess is that the owner/chef loved rock n' roll, was a shitty musician, but a great chef. So he took what he loved and juxtaposed it with what he excelled at. The summation of this effort is Pizza Rock. With all of that said, let me be clear here that the pizza was lovely.I will now go watch Murder She Wrote reruns on my plastic covered couch. Thanks.
1	While I have had good service at other locations, the service that my family had tonight was horrible. It took them 25 minutes before they brought out our salads and over an hour before they brought our pizza. We saw some tables turn over twice before we got our food.
2	Pizza Rock is weird. Think Bret Michaels and Guy Fieri + business meeting = Pizza Rock. Went to this place with a group after work and was totally unimpressed. I can't say much about the food as I only had a personal pepperoni pizza (which was totally MEH), but I can definitely say the service, for the most part, SUCKED. The hostess was eager and friendly, however, our waiter was kind of a douche (which kinda fits the atmosphere, I guess). Perhaps he's never worked in service before, because his demeanor was totally whack. When we asked him if he had certain toppings, he was confident in telling us that the owner would NEVER carry that and that he would have to agree with the owners decision. Like, really? Thanks for the opinion we didn't ask you for, man. Perhaps we annoyed him because we took so long to order, because once we finally did, he was nowhere to be found! We waited FOREVER for our food (which was served by other people? maybe it just works that way there?), then waited another forever for our check. In fact, I think we sat there for a good 45 minutes before one of us finally got realllllly bored and actually requested the bill from a totally different waiter. The totally different waiter was nice, by the way. To be fair, this place does have an extensive beer menu. Perhaps it'd be good for some happy hour drinks at the bar, but I will definitely not go here for food.
1	Had 2 burnt 16$ pizzas and a few drinks for 85 $ lol what a rip. Dont even bother. Told waiter the issue but he argued saying we already ate it. Yeaa after waiting a long time. We wr hungry
5	This place is amazing!  Be prepared for a longer wait (25-30 minutes) for this pizza, but it is because this pizza is made perfectly!  There are so many styles of pizza, crusts, cheeses, different ovens, cooking temperatures, sauces and the most amazing ingredients!The service is smart and attentive.  The decor is very clean, modern industrial with a touch of inspired rock n roll.  There is a flame painted semi truck that has parked itself through the wall of the dining room.  The bar is gorgeous!They have a walk-up window for pedestrian traffic to grab a slice and go.  Such a great idea for downtown wandering.
5	Another great meal & NYGiants football on many screens.We tried the Garlic bread & meatballs...made our own appetizer!We also suggest the Tomato Pie, well done!Be back soon
4	Isn't the thing we all hate about Yelp is that everyone is just biased? I might be, because I'm not a big fan of pizza, and this place unfortunately didn't change my mind. I paid $6 for a slice to pick up from the "take-out" window but it was monstrous. Had to bring it back to the bar which may be weird & inconvenient to most, but I was in a good mood this night so no complaints. What I will give 5 stars to is Dan the Man @ the take-out bar, he was super friendly and very informative! I got vegetarian and it was pretty good... for vegetarian. And for people who like pizza. I was expecting life-changing flavor, but none of that (hence the 4 stars). Sorry, can't speak for any meat slices out there but my friend enjoyed his! What I also WILL give 5 STARS to is having one of my all-time favorite beers on tap: Blanche de Bruxelles. I'm pretty sure that's hard to come by in America. So KUDOS!! Also did enjoy the loud music and continuous music video play on the TV screens. Many may not, may make it hard to have a conversation.
3	Items selected:Margherita - 900F wood - Napoletana with San Marzano, Mozzarella, Fior di Latte, Basil, Olive Oil, Sea SaltCal-Italia - gas brick - Asiago, Mozzarella, Gorgonzola, Fig, Prosciutto, Parmigiano-Reggiano, BalsamicQuail Egg White Rose Potato Guanciale - 900F wood - Mozzarella, White Rose Potatoes, Chorizo, Pork Cheek, Rosemary, Fromage Blanc, Calabrese Peppers, Lavender Sea SaltRomana III - electric brick - Prosciutto/Arugula/Parmigiano, White Cream/Chopped Garlic/Meatball/Olive Oil, Gorgonzola/Date/Pecan/Apple/Honey/NutellaFarmer's Market Pizza - 900F wood - Pumpkin Puree, Cinnamon, Brown Sugar, Bacon, MarshmallowApple Calzone - Brown Sugar, Cinnamon, Caramel, Vanilla GelatoPecan Turnover - Light Puff Pastry, Maple Pecan, Crunch, Coffee Ice CreamMud Pie - Oreo Cookie Crust, Chocolate Ganache, Coffee Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, Hot Fudge, Caramel, House Made Whipped Cream Having repeatedly neglected to visit Tony's Pizza Napoletana in San Francisco in favor of places like Una Pizzeria, Pizzeria Delfina, Zero Zero, and others I was admittedly intrigued when the well awarded chef opted to set up shop in downtown Las Vegas at Pizza Rock - the swanky new digs, multiple televisions, and Guitar Hero worthy playlist a far cry from the eponymous Bay Area location even though the multiple oven and top notch sourcing concepts remained intact - and it was with all those things in mind that myself and five others descended on the restaurant for a tasting of sizeable proportions, a total of 4.5 pizzas and three desserts served over the course of just over two hours with hit-and-miss results.  A surprisingly large space, literally big enough to park a truck, it was an early arrival that assured us use of the large private dining room and with excellent service from both the general manager plus an enthusiastic young waiter it would not be long before our pizzas started to arrive and brought out in three separate courses it was with the signatures that we began, the "limited" Margherita proving cool to the touch and shockingly bland despite both excellent char and chew to the crust while the Cal-Italia proved far superior with a crunchy, toothsome crust more than able to stand up to a bevy  of toppings both sweet and savory, acidic and creamy.  Moving next to the interesting yet overly complicated and entirely too spicy Quail Egg selection it was at last the "3-course" Romana with its cracker crisp crust and well-paired toppings that wowed me most - the central third particularly well done with the rich meatballs nicely balanced by light cream and ample garlic, though the sweet selection was certainly not lacking in contrast or flavor either.  Moving last to a gifted half of the Farmer's Market Pizza, unfortunately overloaded with cinnamon just as the Quail Egg had been with spice, and finally to a trio of desserts where only the delicate pecan turnover would prove either inspired or memorable I think it is safe to say that the key to enjoying a meal at Pizza Rock is to simply embrace the concept and realize that "everything to everyone" and "do one thing and do it well" are very different mantras; the former definitely improved by a group of good people, excellent service, and (at least in this case) fond memories of 80's and 90's rock ballads.
5	Heard about the owner on a tv show and just HAD to try his award winning pizza as soon as I landed in Vegas.  The entire experience is incredible. The staff was super friendly, the service lightening fast, and the decor very cool. And the pizza...oh the pizza!  Cooked to perfection and the best crust I've ever had. There is a pizza here for everyone and it will be the best one you've ever had!  Only complaint was the music was quite loud which made conversing with my dinner companion challenging - though it was Friday night in Vegas - so I get it. I can only hope Tony opens one of these in Los Angeles!
5	This place is way better then I expected. They have a huge variety of pizza. All different types of regions and toppings. Their gluten free crust is the best I have had. Loved their fried green beans. So many things I can wait to go back and try.
3	This post is overdue, but then again, when am I not behind? A couple weeks ago, we went downtown to try Pizza Rock. It's owned by Tony Gemignani you might know him from Bar Rescue. We also know of him because of his restaurant is San Francisco, Tonys Pizza Napoletana. Upon returning from our recent trip, I checked to see how the menus compare... they're practically identical. That meant those delicious meatballs could be had right here at home. We only hoped they were just as good. My brother joined us and we got there in time for happy hour (Mon-Fri 3-6; Sun-Thur 10-close). Beers, appetizers and pizzas are discounted (local's discount does not apply). They have a great craft beer selection ($5) so they hooked me on that alone. We each ordered meatballs ($3). The meatball itself was just as good as those in San Francisco, but the sauce was too acidic. Hopefully, the kitchen is still tweaking the recipe. Still, we enjoyed them. We shared an order of garlic bread ($5). Very garlicky, but otherwise unmemorable. We each ordered a personal pizza from the happy hour menu. This was a great savings and a way to try pizzas we typically wouldn't order. Frank's True Italian ($7) had pesto garlic and it was topped with mozzarella and cherry tomatoes. This was our favorite of the three.  The pepperoni had some kick ($5) but it was the least liked crust and Cal Italia ($7) was too sweet for my liking; it seemed like dessert. However, it came highly recommended from our server and it has won awards. It has sweet fig preserve and topped with mozzarella, gorgonzola, and prosciutto. Pizzas I've had at Tony's have been far more impressive so next time I'll stick to the regular menu for pizza, but I'll definitely enjoy those $3 meatballs and $5 craft beers again.
3	Reservation for 6 made for a Saturday night around 7pm.  A last minute addition of two people was not communicated to our reservation with thoughts that it wouldnt be a big deal to add two chairs to a table.  Much to my suprise it was made a very big deal by the hostess in front of my guests to the point that my two added guests almost walked out and went somewhere else for dinner.  It was communicated that they could not accomodate our two guests.  On a side note it did look like the tables were busy and there was another family waiting-so not overly crowded.  About 15 minutes later we were awkwardly lead to a high table by the bar for a party of 6.  While we all stood around in amazement our group was kindly arguing who was going to stand to not inconvenience the rest of the group.  There were open chairs all around us even though people were seated at the tables.  After 15 more minutes of trying to shake off the weird unwelcome one of our guests asked a couple behind us to use the chairs they were not using.  They kindly offered them up with no problem and no help from the staff. First off I have never been treated like this at an establishment.  Usually you accomodate to see fit and we were more than fine waiting for additional seats to come available.  I dont know what the disconnect or why the hostess was so unaccomodating but it was incredibly embarrassing to the additional guests who were invited at the last minute not to mention me who invited them.  After the awkwardness wore off 30 plus minutes and a couple drinks the rest of the experience was great.  The food was fantastic and just might be the best pizza that I have ever had.BUT WAIT!!!   This is entirely the BEST PART......I discreatly emailed the manager about what had happened and I received no reply back.  NOTHING!  Not even an apology which really was all I was hoping for and I had no intention to yelp the poor customer service experience.  Even just an explaniation saying thats not how we run business...yada yada....but apparantly it is just how it is.  Since the unfortunate silence I felt the need to rate this place.  CUSTOMER SERVICE IS KEY ....NOT JUST GOOD FOOD.  I may or may not be back but you can bet I wont be standing at a frickin table.  What a bummer.
5	I love the atmosphere! Amazing food, great beer selection and the staff is very friendly and knowledgable.
5	Pizza Rock--- ROCKS!!! When you first walk  in your immediately greeted.  When your sat, the service was quick and efficient. Always there if you need anything. Staff is friendly and helpful.  May I mention Kelcie--is the best! Pizza Rock is lucky to have her...As far as your food, it also ROCKS!  I can't remember the name, but I loved the pizza I had. He had a smorgesborge? Of food to share between the 15+ people we had. Appetizers- calamari, green beans, garlic cheesy bread, meatballs in marinara--it all was awesome!!!Pizzas- across the board, amazing!  Wished my appetite was endless to try all of the food!Desserts- didn't quite make it to those, but will next time!Entertainment vibe is pretty chill, little loud depending on the time of day, very family/kid friendly. (Check out the DJ booth) my kids got a private peek! And they loved it.Parking- is not hard, many options. I parked and Ballys, and validated in the casino.Pizza Rock is totally worth a try, a must see!  I come all the way from southern Cali!Thanks again! J.k family
4	It was awesome....a little pricey but awesome.Good atmosphere and food...will be back ASAP!
4	We are a group of locals who meet once per month to explore the culinary creations available to us. On this occasion 5 couples met at Pizza Rock on a Saturday night with reservations. There was a short wait and then we were seated and waited on promptly. Looking over the drink menu, it did not include any prices for the beer or wine. There was a short selection of white and red wine by the glass or bottle but the waiter did not know anything about the bottles offered. I took a chance and ordered The Dreaming Tree after the waiter brought over a little taste. I enjoyed the wine but would loved more variety and at the very least prices. The menu is vast and yet specific. Pizza Rock knows pizza, the flavor and how to do it well. Our group tried all varieties (900, 600 and 550 degree oven). The service was attentive and enthusiastic. I had the Gorgonzola salad and it is big enough for two. We would come back here as a family (small children) or with our friends. An excellent place for pizza that rivals Settebello VPN.Could be improved to a five star with additional wine options and the mentioned prices on the menu.
4	Try the proven 'best Pizza in the World'  and make your way through celebrity chef Tony Gemignani's menu of life-changing pizzas and home made pastas. Somehow pizza is not your thing?  Pizza Rock also has California Kobe burgers, Italian dinners, starters, and don't forget to save room or come just for home made gelato desserts.  To compliment the pizza, don't overlook an extensive beer menu that includes 20 taps which feature fewer common favorites and more beer enthusiasts selections.  This is THE place to spoil yourself with a $30 bottle of craft brew OR relax at happy hour with $4 craft drafts.  Pizza Rock has all of your libations cravings covered with an ample wine menu and dozens of creative cocktail possibilities---My favorites, the 'Sweet Nothing' is a guaranteed hit for the ladies (imagine a complex strawberry martini) and 'Whiskey Marmalade' adds a twist of home made orange marmalade to the classic whiskey sour, blended with 4 Roses Bourbon this cocktail makes Whiskey smooth enough for everyone to enjoy.Happy Hour 3-6 Mon-Thurs----10-close Sun-Thurs and Midnight-close Friday and Sat.Open till midnight during the week and 2am. Friday and Saturday.   Acoustic brunch featuring $10 bottomless mimosa's (passion fruit, mango or orange) and sangria Sunday's 10-2:30.
4	1st let me say that my son hates everything in or around downtown/Fremont area so for me to get him to actually agree to go was amazing in itself. And I only convinced him with the bribery of pizza. I? want to move down there. I? wanted to go to the Downtown Grand. So Pizza Rock was miles ahead in my book. Place: Great location! ample space between tables. FABulous Fat girl seating. and nice little 2 person curtained booths for 'date night' oh and the giant "peterbuilt truck" is a full on WIN. *it's their dj booth* - Win & 5 *****Service: We went on a Sunday, no reservation and at 4pm - Football time. No wait at all. We got right in. Got our drinks ordered (more on those later) then we got a new server. Nice guy, lousy waiter. I hope he's a dancer or an actor because waiting tables, he'll starve. Slow service, never came back to follow up, we had to actually go to the bar to order a 2nd round of drinks. there were only 4 other tables in the place though 1 was a party of 6. however we were all by each other. so sorry but only 2 **Food: We had the truffle fries: Excellent! not too truffly to overwhelm. We went with the classic Pepperoni x-cheese & sauce: perfection - Just like my favorite NYC brick oven pizza. The right amount of crust to topping ratio. Not a tough dough, just a good chew. We want to go back to try some of their specialties like the   SPACCA NAPOLI or the Picante. Tiramisu: just the right amount of soaked ladyfingers to alcohol. 5****Drinks: We were excited to see bacon bloody Marys on the menu. *if you follow me, you know i'm the queen of bloody Marys in Vegas* so of course we ordered 2. Nicely garnished with a very nice hearty piece of perfectly cooked bacon (not some floppy end under cooked piece* and a seasoned rim. Then we tested it. heavy aftertaste in the bloody Mary mix. Not nearly as good as even Mrs. T which is pretty inferior. But I finished mine & my son's. He wanted a shot & by then I'd had 2 might as well go for a 3rd, eh? we waited. and waited. & someone took the 'dead soldiers' we asked for our waiter. and waited. and waited. finally I (after 2 bloody marys) went to the bar to order. He brought them over without even questioning why i had ordered them from the bar. 2 ** Bill: 3 bloody marys & 1 shot  & 1 soda. 1 classic pepperoni 2 split appetizer 1 dessert AND 1 additional pepperoni to go for dinner tonight *yum* 62.50.  this was with a 15% local discount and an additional 5% for checking into their facebook page.  that's another 5***** So worth the trip. But please if you are reading this from Pizza Rock, step up your bloody Mary game. :-)
4	I won't lie - I was skeptical.  How can one place make so many different styles of pizza and make them all well?  Well, this place has come pretty darn close to achieving that goal.  We had the margherita, cal italia (proscuitto, fig, balsamic), and la regina (sicilian with picante, mozz, arugula).  Notice all the ones we ordered had won some kind of award.  I'm used to margherita not having sauce, this one had sauce on it - but it was delish!  The sauce was slightly acidic and not sweet, which I really enjoyed.  The crust was perfect, just wish the mozz was more spectacular.  The cal italia had a nice blend of savory and sweet flavors as well as amazing crust.  The la regina was my least favorite, the toppings were a little sparse and I've had better crust. Cool interior, awesome service.  I must be getting elderly as I was complaining to my tablemates about how loud the music was....  but even though I was screaming they couldn't hear me.  Not the place for a first date.  Get ready to use sign language and stare at the person across/next to you eat while you listen to 80s British and American rock.  Music videos included.  Tip: Parking is a pain.  Just valet it right outside the restaurant at the hotel across the way.  You will probably end up paying the same amount anyway but won't have to walk a block.
4	This place is perfect for the group of people who each want a different style of pizza. Thin, New York, Sicilian, whatever... they'll have it plus different electric and wood ovens to boot. Their extensive menu can be overwhelming for those that are indecisive, like me. So, it's best to peruse the menu ahead of time or just let someone else order. The Cal Italia ($18) was the best pizza I tried with its rich flavors from the sweetness of the figs to the savoriness of the prociutto. I also enjoyed the quail egg white rose potato guanciale ($18) even though I'm typically not crazy about spicy foods. The Roma III ($32) is great if you're in the mood for an appetizer, entree, and dessert pie all in one. Although the middle section with the cream sauce and meatballs was the main standout for me. Not so impressive were the margherita ($16) and farmer's market (pumpkin puree, cinnamon, marshmallow). Our group even had room for dessert. The pecan turnover and apple calzone more than satisfied my sweet tooth. The mud pie, after chiseling away at it, was a letdown. It only succeeded in making me feel guilty for consuming all those calories. So, while dishes were hit or miss, there's enough promise to warrant a return visit.3.5 Stars
5	Countless friends recommended that we visit Freemont Street on this trip. "See the real Vegas," "See old Vegas," "That's where they filmed parts of Casino," etc. Well, the second we stepped out of the cab, we knew we had made a mistake. Freemont is a pretty shady place folks. We are talking $15.00 steaks and The Heart Attack Grill. As we took-in the only worthwhile site (The Freemont Experience light-show), we saw a glowing sign slightly in the distance ... Pizza Rock. With a name like that, we were SOLD!The walk over was filled with phrases like "Watch your back!" and "Keep your wallet in your FRONT pocket!" but when we arrived, this place was a black oasis in a pretty dumpy area! The interior is GORGEOUS! Matte black walls with glossy black designs. It is literally walls to ceiling black ... and PHENOMENAL! There are little coves with curtains and chandeliers for parties of two ... super neat!!! Needless to say, the music is ACTUAL rock ... none of this rap/hip-hop dreck that seems to fill all of Vegas. (Again, this place is an OASIS!)It is immaculate (uber clean!). And, the waitstaff is insanely helpful/cheery/knowledgeable. How really refreshing! The food was sooo tasty! Our group shared an order of meatballs, garlic bread, a three-cheese calzone, meatball sub, and a margherita pizza ... I highly recommend this so that you get to try a little of everything! And, everything single item was a cheesy, delicious delight!The prices are on-par with Vegas, but the experience easily exceeded our expectations!If you visit Freemont, BE CERTAIN TO GO TO PIZZA ROCK! (No doubt, it is the very best place to eat in that area!)
5	All different kinds of pizza. Looked AWESOME! and I dont even eat pizza.
4	Update to my last review. Gave Pizza Rock a second try last night. Ordered a large pepperoni pizza and appetizer of 3 meatballs to go. Order was ready when we arrived and the To Go guy was really friendly and easy going. He flashed us our pie prior to us leaving with it to verify it was our order (always better than leaving with someone else's order). Over the phone my official order was a tomato pie add pepperoni. I thought this just included pepp and mozz cheese but our pie had the dollops of ricotta that ruined our pie due to their icy temp the last time. Kinda bummed but they were actually way better this time. We pretty much downed half the pie on the car ride home :) The meatballs were amazing however. Next time I'm getting a large order. I don't even like meatballs or loaves or any shaped meat really. But these were awesome! Thumbs up pizza rock! We will be back.
5	Check in on facebook, twitter, or yelp and get 20% - don't forget to show your server love and tip on what your total would have been..tell them you checked in too!
4	Check this joint out!We got the SALUMI & FORMAGGIO BOARD for just $10 and a Pizza MARGHERITA for $16. Add 4 beers and the total was $52. The board was very good: Assorted Salumi & Formaggio, Fig Jam, Spicy Candied Walnuts, Rosemary Focaccia Toast. Perfect!The Pizza had excellent sauce and just the with amount of cheese, an extreme rarity in these parts. You should see lots of sauce in between the cheese not a heavy cheese blanket. Fresh basil on a soft crust that was a bit undercooked for my taste. I'll ask for well-done next time. Otherwise a very authentic, classic pizza.Decor features the front end of an tractor trailer for no apparent reason, copious big flatscreens with sports on with captions. There was decent classic rock type music with Kid Rock and Bjork thrown in for good measure. The lighting was very dark so reading the menu was a bit difficult. Service was personable if a bit inexperienced. Will add to the downtown mix for sure.
5	The service was awesome. The pizza was awesome. The ambience was awesome. Zero complaints and some of the best pizza I've had in Vegas. Try the True Italian. You will not regret.
4	We scored one of the 73 famous Margherita pizzas. Apparently, they haven't gained in popularity so they have yet to sell out. Get one while you can. If you're interested in a traditional Margherita, this is a great pizza. I thought the flavor was good but the center was a little limp and soggy. While the Margherita was good, what stole my heart was the quail egg pizza.  It was perfectly crispy and delicious. It was just all around unique and had a great flavor profile.Last note: Mob special - The Boss Pizza + 2 tickets to the Mob Museum = $36. Tickets to the Mob Museum for two are about this price. This is a great deal if you're planning to check out the Mob Museum. It's definitely worth a trip.
4	Happy hour is incredible value. Must try. It will bring you back.Wife is a high class chef. She said best marinara she has ever tasted.
5	Wow, really? In the middle of Vegas? I find a restaurant that serves a true Neapolitan pizza? I am truly amazed. I'm here visiting Vegas with my 19 month old while my husband is here training so I did a yelp search to find somewhere to have lunch. When I saw this place pop up on my search I initially wrote it off because I haven't had many good experiences with Neapolitan pizzas in the US (of all the States I've visited, Portland surprisingly had the most delicious Italian style pizzas). Anyway going back to my yelp search, I saw that the owner/chef here won a pizza award in Naples (side note: my husband's father is from Naples, so we visit the city often) so I knew I had to try this.I ordered a house salad (which the waitress told me was half a Caesar salad), meat balls and the Neapolitan margherita pizza with bufala mozzarella. They were all delicious!! The meatballs were devoured by my 19 months old son. I thought they were beautifully made and the marinara sauce was just perfect. The pizza dough was just the way I like it and should be, soft and chewy with a bit of char to it. Mmmmmm I dipped the leftover crust in the meatball sauce, genius! AhahaI was pleasantly surprised, and at the same time amazed that anyone here in Vegas could really appreciate this food. No offence. But Americans (I'm a Brit/Japanese) prefer American style pizzas. I'm sure that's why this place offers different styles of pizza from Cali to NY pizzas. I'm not a fan of those so I didn't try them. But I've no doubt that everything on the menu is delicious here. I hope Pizza Rock expand into Los Angeles so I can eat this every week! I saw that SLS hotel is going to house 800 degree pizza from Spring 2014 so seems like there'll be some competition starting next year.
4	Went there last night during the Santa Rampage.  Offered happy hour pricing but when bill arrived it wasn't correct.  Manager quickly took care of it.  Good pizza and fun atmosphere.
3	Pizza OVERLOAD!  So many different pies...different ovens...different toppings...no time for all that!Came with a group of Yelpers with big appetites, so we were able to BLAST our way through quite a bit on the menu!My FAVORITE by far was the Cal-Italia ($18): Asiago, Mozzarella, Imported Gorgonzola, Sweet Fig Preserve, Prosciutto di Parma, Parmigiano-Reggiano & Balsamic Reduction. This was EXCELLENT and the highlight of the meal for me! Great mix of sweet, savory and vinegar/acidic flavors.  Highly recommended :)Another great choice would be the Margherita ($16): San Marzano Tomatoes, Mozzarella Fior di Latte, Basil, EVOO and Sea Salt. Honestly, this was probably the FIRST enjoyable Margheria I've had! Not usually a fan of this style pie.  Whatever they do differently here, I enjoyed...but you may not for the same reasons.Quail Egg White Rose Potato Guanciale ($18): Mozzarella, White Rose Potatoes, Chorizo, Pork Cheek, Rosemary, Fromage Blanc, Calabrese Peppers & Lavender Sea Salt. This was surprisingly SPICY...a bit over the top, but still enjoyable.  Order it knowing it's actually spicy, and you'll do just fine.Romana III ($32): 1) Sweet Fig Preserves, Prosciutto, Gorgonzola & Balsamic Reduction. 2) Ricotta, Garlic, Basil, Linguisa & Piquante Peppers. 3) Gorgonzola, Dates & Pecans, and Apples, Honey, Nutella. Interesting combinations here...the only one that didn't really satisfy was the middle portion. A bit SPENDY, but it's huge and serves 2-4 people.  I'd pass on this one next visit.For dessert, we also tried quite a bit.  The best IMO was the Pecan Turnover : Light Puff Pastry, Maple Pecan, Crunch & Coffee Ice Cream. This was pretty tasty...probably the most enjoyable dessert we tried. Came out piping hot too...yum :)Apple Calzone : Brown Sugar, Cinnamon, Caramel & Vanilla Gelato. This is served with 2 calzones...pretty GOOD overall but nothing extraordinary. Market Pizza : Pumpkin Puree, Cinnamon, Brown Sugar, Bacon & Marshmallows. Not really my kind of dessert...perhaps if you are a PUMPKIN lover?Mud Pie : Oreo Cookie Crust, Chocolate Ganache, Coffee Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, Hot Fudge, Caramel & House Made Whipped Cream. This was very FROZEN...hard as a rock. I enjoyed the cookie crust though. So it's a hit or miss kinda spot for me.  Depending on what you order, your results WILL vary...for better and worse.Pics!
5	Okay. I love pizza, for many reasons, and this place is my late night, kinda drunk and super hungry so I can only be satisfied from a slice from here before I go home pizza place. It is everything I love about a great slice. It's a huge portion, I can taste all the ingredients so perfectly. Great crust and cheese and the pepperoni is different in a good way, small and spicy. The cooks that work up front are soo fun too! They are never annoyed with us, even though we can be a rowdy bunch sometimes. They are patient and treat us great. My personal favorite about this place is that they sell coke-cola in a bottle. That is a huge plus! Last time I was there I may or may not have been offered a meatball on a fork. Well, I was and it was delicious.
5	Excellent calamari and Cal Italia pizza!! Sat in the sports bar area.  Conveniently located by Fremont Street Experience
5	You have no idea how much I hate the food in downtown Las Vegas. Le Thai is meh, and don't even get me started on spots like Park on Fremont or La Comida.THIS spot gave me some hope in humanity. Actually, it knocked my socks off.Last week, I met up with some friends for a chill Happy Hour and my friend suggested this spot. I was hesitant at first, but I'm down for an adventure.Here's the breakdown:Drinks-- Awesome Happy Hour. Ends at 6pm M-F.  My massive beers were $5.50. Clean beer lines, no skunkiness. Absolutely perfect.--$3 well drinksFood-- Amazing! Get the meatballs. $3 for 3. They are swimming in marinara which was also fantastic. I don't usually care for marinara, so this stood out.-- Pizza: You MUST get the Cal Italia! Fig preserve, prosciutto, asiago etc. Amazing.Ambiance--PERFECT. Great for groups, small and large. Music is fun and the TV's are MASSIVE. I'd definitely come back to watch a game here.Service--Very accomodating. Our server was awesome and attentive without being annoying.I CANNOT WAIT TO COME BACK!!!
4	Fell in love with Tony and his food at his restaurant (Tony's) at Graton Casino in Rohnert Park, CA.  Was so thrilled to find out that at the same time Tony's was opening at Graton, Pizza Rock was also opening up in Vegas.  His meatballs and marinara are perfect little morsels, and the marinara with just enough tang and sweetness to it I could eat it by itself.  The Calitalia is a must, as well as the Diavolo.  However, I like my crust a little bit more on the thin side, so I go with the Romana selections (pepperoni with arugula is pretty amazing).  The various crusts and cooking styles, as well as 3 different pizza ovens can accommodate pretty much any palette.  Getting to Tony's is easy peasy as well.  Just valet park at the Grand, walk through the casino and step out onto 3rd where Tony's, Hog & Heifers, and Triple George Grill are right across the street.  And if you don't want to sit down for full service, Tony's serves up slices right up front.  Cannot go wrong here.  Sports, music, videos, great bar and perfect food.  Oh, and locals get a 15% discount if they show their ID at bill time.
4	This place has such a great vibe. Friendly staff, fantastic + affordable food, awesome ambiance, live DJ too! 10/10 would try again.Shoutout to server Stephanie. She rules.
4	Ok- my biggest problem was that I had at my disposal either yelp check in coupon  for 15% off AND the 15% off one handed out at the nearby hotel I was saying at (downtown grand) but what sucked was neither is accepted at happy hour which is why I went to this establishment- I think both the coupon here at yelp or  the hotel should have stated it. My meal ran about $16 so I would of saved a bit to tip more...just sayingThat said, it was super slow when I arrived. Servers were cut but mine was a nice rocker girl. She got busy after a bit but still was attentive. I got the meatballs, calamari and personal pizza ( the meat one). Meats and calamari were great, pizza was ok and a good size. I took half of it back to my room for snacking later. The place works for happy hot adjacent to the hotel and area of downtown3rd.
4	We had dinner at Pizza Rock last weekend while staying across the street at the Downtown Grand.  We had a 15% off coupon from the hotel so we basically had the tip paid for when all was said and done.  Here's what you need to know.  Pizza Rock is NOT Pizza HUT.  You will be seated with a menu and you will have choices of pizzas that have been designed for you already.  They have different types of crusts and are cooked in different types of ovens and some take much longer than others.  It's very important to ask the server to go over the menu with you so you know what you're getting and then you get to figure out something to share.  The ingredients are very fresh and I THINK we chose the American Classic - Downtown 19.  It was really tasty.  The ingredients were piled high on a medium crust and it was just a mouthful of flavors, especially considering we're usually just plain old pepperoni and pineapple.  And we LOVED the pepperoni they have.  YUM.  Also, we had the garlic bread before the pizza came out and I CAN NOT RECOMMEND YOU EAT THIS ENOUGH!   It's so freaking good, might be the best garlic bread ever with WHOLE garlic cloves on it!  In fact, I want that right now... I might have to make some at home tonight.They have a good selection of beers and some rotating ones as well.The ambiance is kind of loud, but fun and there are like two little tucked away 2 tops with curtains that are sort of semi-private.  If you think you might want one, ask at the desk before you get seated!  That's where we sat and we liked it and everyone who walked by said, "oh, I want to sit there".   There's your tip.  Great, now it will be full when we go back.  Ah well.Enjoy it.  I know you will.
5	Great atmosphere. Excellent service from Ty. Pizza was awesome.   The Ramana 2 is the best.
5	Finally!!! We found true Chicago style pizza in Vegas!!! + The decor and ambiance was awesome! Love the rock n roll with a touch of crystal chandeliers. We went on a Sunday evening, didn't have to wait for a table and the place was busy. Our waiter Bradley was great!+ We ordered Truffle fries to start. Super tasty! They went fast!! We tried 2 different pizzas: Margherita Napoletana style & Sam Giancana Chicago style. Both we very tasty and cooked perfectly! - The only area which I could recommend improvement would be to try and have the pizzas come to the table at the same time. It was almost a 10 minute difference between the 2 pizzas. We are looking forward to returning to try new favorites.
4	This place knows good pizza.  The dough and crust seriously rock - perfectly cooked just the way they do in the Northeast or in Italy.  I had the clam and garlic pizza which was totally delicious, though I would have rather had the claims served out of the shell.  I'm a big dessert guy, and while the dessert calzone wasn't bad, I'd probably go for something sweeter next time.  Major points for having ginger beer on the drinks menu.  Service was excellent.  Next time I'm in Vegas I'll be coming back.
5	Excellent, lots of tv's and so many menu choices I let our waiter decide for me based on what I like ... It was delicious, friendly and clean ... Can't wait to go back ....
5	This place is fantastic, great staff and even better food. Salads mussels were great for starters and the Chicago cracker crust pizza was the best. Also our server Matt was friendly, helpful, and very personable.
5	Very rarely do you go to a restaurant for the first time with a large group and find that everyone in the group thoroughly enjoyed every part of their dining experience.The beer selections were wonderful and the appetizers we had were fantastic! I highly recommend the fried green beans with garlic and EVOO. The calamari was perfectly fried with virtually no excess oil. We had the regular as well as the spicy. The spicy variety was just a bit too spicy for some of us but very tasty. The lasagna was wonderful and served in a large portion. We were a large group so the variety of dishes ordered were many and enjoyed by all. I want to thank Rick, the general manager, for taking time to chat about beer...he is quite the expert!
3	The New Yorker pizza definitely lived up to the hype, but the service was AWFUL. I never received a refill on my drink AND the server (Ryan) never checked on us after taking the order. We sat for about 40 minutes waiting for a refill, box and the check and finally had to ask someone to help us. I would go back for the food, but am not sure due to the service and the lack of caring. Too bad that such a great place has employees that don't care about customer service.
4	I'm a huge fan of Tony Gemingani so it was only a matter of time, with me being a frequent visitor to Vegas, that I would visit Pizza Rock over in Downtown Vegas. The menu is virtually the same from Tony's Pizza Napolitana in SF.  It includes his famous award winning Margherita which is cooked in under 2 minutes along with his vast assortment of pizzas from NY Style, Romana, California Style, and Gluten-Free.  And it also includes his famous meatballs and pasta dishes as well.  Don't forget to check out his burgers too.Same menu, different setting and in this case, a very different setting where instead of the traditional Italian restaurant look from Tony's in SF, it's more of a heavy metal rock theme inside here which is quite fitting for Vegas actually.  That being said, the pizza is really top notch.  And although I've been to Tony's in SF a few times, there are still a lot of things on the menu that I still haven't tried.  My friends and I decided on their Cal Italia and the Honey Pie.Cal Italia -- http://bit.ly/1bGfTSFGold Medal Winner - Food Network Pizza Champions ChallengeAsiago, Mozzarella, Imported Gorgonzola, Sweet Fig Preserve, Prosciutto di Parma, Parmigiano-Reggiano, Balsamic Reduction Although I've been to Tony's three times, this is actually my first time trying his prize winning Cal Italia.  It's a very interesting pie in both looks and flavor.  Very sweet and savory from the figs and balsamic and prosciutto.  I really dug this pie and would definitely order it again next time I come back to either here or at Tony's in SF.Honey Pie -- http://bit.ly/1kBVpvuQuail Hollow Farm Honey, Calabrese Peppers, Green Onions, Mozzarella, Piave Cheese, Fried Caramelized Onions, Serrano PeppersI've had this pie before at Tony's in SF and I ordered it again to share with my friends in Vegas so they can try it for the first time.  It's a very unusual pie that has a very sweet and savory flavor with a little spicy kick to it.  If you've ever had a deep fried wonton at a Chinese restaurant and dip it in sweet and sour sauce, that's probably the most similar taste that I can compare this pizza to.  Although the caramelized fried onions were a little burned, it still tasted delicious.  But for some reason, I wasn't tasting the honey.One honorable mention I recommend from is their Burrata Burger.  I didn't have this at Pizza Rock but I've had it at Tony's in SF.  I think it's very underrated because it's almost always overshadowed by the pizzas and everything else.  You get a 1/2 lb burger with burrata cheese and crispy prosciutto and it comes with a generous pile of parmesan garlic fries  (http://bit.ly/1ePXy9t). Definitely worth trying out!  I think what I like best is that the wait time at Pizza Rock is considerably shorter than it's older bother in SF where the wait time for a table can be at the least close to 2 hours.  Though that could change if good word of mouth goes around.  It looks like Pizza Rock is off to a great start and with its extensive menu and popularity growing, I can see it doing very well in Downtown Vegas.
4	Great pizza!  A nice selection of beers too.  The three in one pizza is amazing. Five stars if they lowered the music one notch and had slightly better service.  Felt rushed out. Again, some of the best pizza I've ever had!!!
5	Pizza Rock ROCKS!!! Pizza Cat has died and gone to pizza heaven. There are so many types of pizzas here, SO MANY CHOICES, THEY'RE ALL SO GOOOOOD! Ahhh... sensory overload. Pizza Cat has only been here once but she had to write about it right away. She's sure there will be ten more updates to this review. She plans on going at least once a week, since their Pizza of the Day changes often. They have a to-go area and they sell Pizzas of the Day by the slice for $5. Pizza cat tried their California pizza; thin-crust topped with slices of purple potato, pesto, prosciutto and feta cheese. She told the girl, "That sounds absolutely disgusting. Let me try it." Oh boy, was she glad she did, it was delicious! The potatoes were sliced thin, so after they baked, it came out like a potato chip.... a potato chip pizza! With pesto! Ingenious. AND they had Sicilian pizza. Pizza cat never turns down Sicilian pizza. And she squealed when she bit down to taste San Marzano tomatoes on her pizza. Yum. Pizza cat can always tell when a place uses San Marzano tomatoes, it's always so flavorful, unlike ordinary tomato paste. The crust and mozza was good too, not the best, but very good. But Pizza cat will always come back for the sauce. Ok... Pizza Cat has to admit, Pizza Rock does live up to the hype. It's a damn good pizza... IT ROCKS. And she will be back.
5	A very welcome addition to downtown Las Vegas!The menu was a little intimidating at first, since they have such a wide variety of pizza types, and each type shows what type of oven it is baked in and at what temperature. I selected the New York style pizza, and it was five star.....very fresh sauce seasoned to near perfection, superb crust, quality cheese. It's hip, in one sense, but more hip in a 1998 kind of way, but that's fine because this place is about the pizza and service.  I enjoyed the mostly 1990's soft alternative rock playing while I was there.The service I had was also five star, and I got a 15% locals discount.I'd be proud to take out of town visitors here.
5	Thumbs Up!I vouch you won't find a better margherita pizza or meatballs surrounded by more TV's in your life.
5	So its time to update my last review for Pizza Rock.  I must say once I posted my last Yelp review  the owner, Trevor responded to me immediately-within hours of the post.  He was entirely all over the issue, asking for details and assured me that all issues would be addressed which is all that I had hoped for.  My second visit was quite the opposite of my last experience and I was anticipating some kind of issues.  First off,  it was New Years Eve and second we had a reservation for a party of 12.  We started out with 10 people and added 2 more the day before with no problem.  When we arrived a few of us went to the bar to order a drink anticipating  to wait a little bit before being seated.  The bartender (I didn't get his name) was more than helpful and a very cool guy with Corona shaped New Years glasses. ;)   Amazingly we were seated within 5 minutes as the other people around us were looking at over an hour wait-because they didn't have reservations.  I highly recommend the reservations-especially on a major holiday.  Immediately we were greeted by our server Anisa with a smile and excitement that we were there and she was ready to help us in any way possible.  I must say I was greatly surprised at the service we received with all the factors I mentioned above.  Anisa was both personable and attentive that we hardly realized that she was serving other several tables.  A simple thing that makes you a super server-unfortunately not everyone can have that talent.   Drinks were flowing and we all ordered with 3 or 4 split checks without any issues.  For 5 of us we ordered the New Yorker and the Cal Italia pizzas.  The New Yorker is the most amazing pizza I have ever had...that is what we ordered the last time so you know it has to be good.  It is topped with sausage and little pepperonis....but my favorite part was the super creamy ricotta strategically placed on top where you could spread it around with your fork to savor a little on every bite.  Yum.  The Cal Italia had prosciutto and a balsalmic drizzle  that had a flavor like none other.  Seriously between the two pizzas we were 100% satisfied and all was gone except for one slice in the end.  Not too bad for 5 people.  Others ordered spaghetti and meatballs (it was gigantic), lasagna (which my man said he may have to order next time-it looked fabulous), the Romana  II (which gives you a little variety and its big enough to share).  Everyone was very happy with their food and we left full and tipsy. =)Now we did have a small incident where one of my guests spilled a whole glass of ice water all over me.  It could have been worse right??   Anisa, even though it wasn't their fault, comp'ed us a pizza just for the inconvenience which was definitely not expected by any means.  We definitely were pleased with  our server so much that we will ask for her the next time we visit.All I can say is FINALLY some good quality food downtown.  We've been waiting a long time for some good eats out there.  You can bet that's where we will be eating while we are down there.  Thank you Trevor, for listening to my concerns and working out the kinks.  I believe an honorable owner is one that listens to the customer and strives to correct the issues no matter how big or small they may be.  And thanks to Anisa for making our New Years Eve dinner a special one to remember.  Happy New Year Pizza Rock - my New Years resolution is to see you often in 2014.  Cheers!
5	I'm general not a huge fan of chain restaurants, but this place has excellent pizza!  This is the kind of place to go to if you want to grab pizza and a few beers to watch a game.  They have huge tv screens and are showing just about every game that is concurrently happening.  Unlike other sports bars, this place is smoke free and family-friendly, as they have a restaurant section away from the bar, too.  New restaurant.  Casual ambiance.
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch. Ordered the Margarita pizza and house salad. The service was great, it gets the extra star. The pizza was ok, the taste was good, but the crust was a bit burnt and a little soggy in the center. Also had the meatballs and the sauce, which was great. The service was outstanding. Constant attention from the staff.
4	Used yelp to help find a good lunch on Freemont street and it didn't disappoint .  No wait to speak of at noon thirty .  Place was bigger than expected and had a nice vibe.  Loud alt rock playing with TVs showing sportscenter .  Our waiter was good and the food was tasty.  Went with the Gorgonzola fries and The New Yorker pizza .  checked in with Yelp and got 15% off the bill. Nice.  You could sit down for lunch or order a slice at the front counter or street window.  Bet thats handy when your bar hopping on Freemont.  Although you couldn't  order by the slice at the table.  You have to get a whole pie.  Would definitely come back and try a Burger, table next to us ordered 3 and they looked pretty good.
5	As I entered the cavernous Pizza Rock space in the newly gentrified Downtown, I think that the decor reminds me of those doctors who wear biker chaps on the weekend and ride Harleys.  I think the place feels like business people have money to try and look cool but not quite getting there.  Who care?  Pies are good.  You gotta be impressed with the amount of money that went into buying all those ovens.  Most pizza joints boasts only one.  The variety on the menu is impressive and some choices are inventive.  I especailly liked the farmer's market special.  I mean they are within walking distance of the third street Friday market, they should take advantage of it and make a pizza out of what is fresh that day.  The pizzas are huge and tasty.The clams that we got were huge and tasty.I can see people hosting parties there.  There is plenty of space and pizza is good grub to feed a lot of people.There's also a takeout counter.  I think they serve folks at the Downtown Grand too.  Get there during happy hour.  Get the meatballs for cheap.  :)What is the best thing about the place is that the people working there are receptive to reviews, right then and there.  They really want to know what you think.  That is always a plus for me.
5	If you go, try the meatballs.Dude.  Those meatballs are the bee's knees.  And even if bees didn't have knees, I would glue knees upon bees to illustrate the point of how good the meatballs are here.Not to mention the pizza.  They have both a walk-up by the slice area, as well as sit down.  Their personal pizzas are excellent.  Their calzones are the size of footballs or very small babies, and full of cheesy, meaty goodness.  I covered the Bacon Bloody Mary in the "Tips" section, but if you didn't read that, get that too.Downtown consistently pleases me with their food choices that have popped up over the last few years.  Pizza Rock is another fine example of "good eatin'", and I am all about this place.  And it's reasonably priced as well, especially happy hour.It's also right next to The Grand, so it's in that newly renovated 3rd Street area, and that's an excellent location to just hang out, eat, and people watch.  I'm looking forward to eating outside when it is not stupid cold.Definitely a recommended venue.
5	Best Pizza on Las Vegas! Try the Margerita (winner of best pizza in Sicily, Italy) it will Blow your Taste Buds Away! Whatever you think that pizza should taste like... its totally wrong! Its that Good! We also had the New Yorker and the Cal-Italia also another winner of some medal (believe it was a Food Network Challenge) just incredibly Good! This place will quickly become my first stop in Vegas next time.
5	The pizza and garlic fries were amazing. Our server Ryan with the hair was super. He was quick to recommend items in the menu and very helpful. We will be back great food and friendly servers.
5	First time here and found the service to be outstanding.  Very friendly and helpful.  Tried the stromboli and I think it spoiled me.
2	After reading all the great reviews I was looking forward to trying this place out. One word describes the experience - disappointing. The thin crust pizza was ok but way over priced. The side order of Asparagus (only a few strands) was terrible. The short answer is that if you want to get over priced pizza then this is the place for you.
4	Their pizza is OUT OF THIS WORLD. That's all you need to know.My first visit was during Yelp Helps week and it was a great setting to try this eatery since there were so many of us, which meant that we had the opportunity to try so many different pies (of course, that also meant we were stuffed!). That night, I tried eight of their pies, a couple appetizers, desserts, and a cocktail. Everything was so good that I returned just four days later with my fiance and friend Hally!During my return visit, I had to order the Margherita ($16) again. The dough is hand-mixed with San Felice flour and proofed in Neapolitan wood boxes, then it's topped with San Marzano tomatoes, mozzarella, Fior di Latte, Basil, EVOO, and sea salt. Finally, it's baked in a 900-degree Wood Stefano Ferrara oven. It's limited to 73 pies daily (although I heard they've gotten no where near that amount yet) and it won the World Pizza Cup in Naples, Italy. True Neopolitan pizza! The three of us also shared the Downtown ($19): Pepperoni, Molinari Salami, Bacon, Chives, Mushrooms, Red Onions, Bell Peppers, Black Olives, Italian Sausage, Cherry Tomatoes; which is one of their "American Originals" pizzas that all feature tomato sauce, mozzarella, and a rustic medium crust, baked in a gas brick oven at 550 degrees. As well as the Honey Pie ($17): Quail Hollow Farm Honey, Calabrese Peppers, Green Onions, Mozzarella, Piave Cheese, Fried Caramelized Onions, Serrano Peppers; one of their "California" pizzas that use Caputo Flour and baked in a 900-degree wood fire oven. The Downtown reminded me of a "supreme/deluxe" pizza, but definitely better. I had tried the Honey Pie during the first visit and although it wasn't one of my favorites that evening, I came to appreciate its flavors the second time around. I also tried their Classic Caesar salad ($10) and it was tasty. For drinks, I tried the Strawberry Fields Martini ($9.50): Stoli Strawberry, Strawberry Puree and a Hint of Mint and Hally ordered the Moscow Mule ($12): Stoli Vodka, Ginger Beer, and Fresh Squeezed Lemon Juice. Both really delicious cocktails. From both visits, my favorite pizzas are the Margherita, Honey Pie, and New Yorker and I absolutely loved the Sweet Nothing cocktail, so good. I didn't care for the Calamari Fritti, Rosemary Garlic Fries, or the Mastunicola pizza. Anyway, I could eat that Margherita pizza every day. It's that good. I have to keep telling myself to not order it, just so I can try their other delicious concoctions (I have my eyes on the PIzza Campari, Clam and Garlic, and Proscuitto e Pomodorini). Hands down, definitely my favorite pizza joint now (sorry Grimaldi's). But seriously, award-winning pies, five different pizza ovens, quality ingredients - you're convinced right?Parking is best on the surrounding streets like on Casino Center Blvd (meters take credit cards, yay, but you can only pay hourly at $1/hour) or free valet at The Downtown Grand (super easy and close). Oh, and don't forget your locals discount!! WIN.
5	2 thumbs up! If i had 3 thumbs, that one would be up too! After reading the reviews, I decided to give it a try - and since I was staying right across the street at the Grand, it was super convenient. Nice atmosphere, tons of tv's to catch the games and the food - really, really good. Be prepared though - the portions are GIGANTIC! You'd better be really hungry - LOL.I usually don't go to the same restaurant when I'm on business trips but I ended up going two nights in a row - it was that good. First night was spaghetti and meatballs  - the meatballs are fantastic. They actually got better the more I ate. Second night was  Chicken Vesuvio and mashed potatoes - damn good! Drinks are on the pricey side but the bartender does them right. And when you are done stuffing yourself silly, Fremont Experience is a block away so you can go walk it all off!Overall, I would certainly recommend Pizza Rock and will most definitely come back when I come out to Vegas again!
4	Just haaad to try the legend that has become Pizza Rock, this wonderful italian themed menu has mountains to offer its customers and a warm, friendly front of house hostess'.  But the star of the visit for me was the pizza oven and cook on display and dealing slices out the window, really, really made my heart feel like I was in Harlem or somewhere in New York As for the pizza itself I ordered two pizzas and one burger, a bit of a challenge to get the kitchen to perfectly have the order ready in a professional time, but they were on it four stars alll the way with this restaurant.  Downsides were they had no Sicilian crust or dough so I could only order their La Regina on Chicago style an amazing homage to the freshness and taste of Chicago.  Their American Pizza is worth its weight on the menu and could have the stomach to go against the most difficult palate.  Don't forget Pizza Rock on your next trip into Downtown Las Vegas area, grab a slice out the door, or call in an order they are very easy, professional crew.  BTW the Burrata Burger was the most awesome bacon burger experience of the week.
4	This place literally does  rock. Love that rock centered background track. The pizza was good and loved that the bar is in the back. Privacy I like it. Watched the 49ers win last Sunday. Sat in the back of the bar and there were enough tv screens to catch all of the game. The bartender provided excellent service and the place is easy on the debit card. When in Vegas I will  go to Pizza Rock.
5	Dude, a gem within the downtown area,  drove into Vegas late so we had to find a place to eat before the boozing that wasn't the taco stand or hot dog place. Come for the 90's music videos on big ass tv's and stay for the food! The fries are delicious, sprinkled with rosemary and garlic! What!? Yum. Late night happy hour was a plus,  starts at 12 $3 off signature drinks and $5 craft beers. The hubby says the selection of craft beer is decent, like 3-4 IPAs & just a good variety on tap. "Bald Ryan" was a delight as a server and informed us of Sunday brunch with live music that we may have to come back and check out! Woop woo
5	I swear they put crack in their sauce. I'm so addicted. Romana pepperoni with arugula will rock you world.
3	I went to Pizza Rock with high expectations, based on some articles and reviews I had read, and the fact that it features international award-winning pizza.  But,  unfortunately, those expectations were not entirely met.Italian Wedding Soup was very good spicy and hearty soup, but nothing like traditional Italian Wedding Soup.  It was more like Minestrone with medium-sized meatballs, carrots, celery, tomatoes, ditalini noodles, and basil.  I was mostly pleased with a Classic Caesar Salad that sported a good light Caesar Dressing with a little kick to it and a little sour flavoring, cold Romaine leaves, and lemony pieces of Parmesan sheets.  But it was in the all-important pizza department that I was somewhat disappointed.A Three Cheese & Ham Pizza with extra cheese was very good except for the Parmesan powder tossed on top.  And the internationally recognized Margherita Pizza was excellent.  No complaints there!  But, with respect to the New Yorker, which was voted the Best Traditional Pizza in the World, I felt that the Ricotta Cheese and tomato sauce were overpowering and in too much supply, compared with the amount of sliced Mozzarella, sliced House Link Sausage, garlic, and pepperoni that shared the stage; and the crust was much thinner than I prefer.  Overall, from my single experience, although the Margherita Pizza prepared here can definitely hold its own, even in the Las Vegas valley alone I would rank the other types of pizza I tried here behind Dom DeMarco's, Cosmopolitan's Secret Pizza, Metro Pizza, Settebello's, Biaggio's, and Enzo's.The place has a nice spacious and informal ambiance, although it is rather dark inside.  Besides a large bar, white butcher paper is spread on white formica and black-edged tables.  Our server Allie provided friendly and very helpful service.  The pizza sampled here was not at all bad.  It just wasn't as great as I thought it would be.3-1/2 stars overall!
5	Sunday brunch = spectacular! $10 bottomless mimosas or sangria from 10:30 -2, what!? I don't think too many people know about Pizza Rock having brunch. Apparently locals have an advantage, lots of cool perks for yelpers, check with your server. Harmony, our server,  is great filled with knowledgeable chats. The french toast ambrosia, oh my, gotta try it! Twice  in 3 days, that's a good sign. Try it out!!
5	Absolutely delicious pizza.  Great beer list and excellent service from Ryan.  Great spot.
5	I've come to Pizza Rock several times since it's been open and even went to their mock service right before opening. Every experience I've had here has been wonderful! I've never had bad service and everything I've tried has been delicious! Appetizers: Fried artichoke - SO GOOD! I was shocked at how much I liked this dish because it seemed a little weird but it was delicious. White wine clams - first time I've ever tried clams before and they were really yummy. I'm not really a seafood person, but the sauce made it not too ocean-y. Green Beans: Garlic, flash fried, crunchy but not too crunchy. Really good, I could eat those all day. Meatballs: Oh my gosh. I'm not a fan of red sauce but I can't go to Pizza Rock without getting a side of meatballs!Gorgonzola apple salad: my favorite salad! I don't always eat all the apples because I don't typically like fruit in my salads, but the walnuts and gorgonzola with arugula and the dressing they use is ridiculous. If you get this as a main course, I would suggest asking for chicken breast in it to make it a little more dense, but it could definitely be used as a appetizer to share or as a main course for one. Pizzas: Honey Pie: perfect combination of sweet and spicy. I've had this one a few times and sometimes it's a little too much spice for my liking, but the sweetness mellows it out a little. Cal-Italia: MY FAVORITE PIZZA EVER! I could go on and on about how delicious and amazing this pizza is. In my opinion, this is the best pizza in all of Las Vegas. The balsamic reduction is SO GOOD. It's salty, sweet, cheesy perfection. New Yorker: not my kind of pizza - too much meat for me. But the guys I was with when we got this one loved it. Today I came for brunch with my mom. It was outstanding! The french toast ambrosia was out of this world. I was completely stuffed and still managed to eat all of it because it was so good! My mom got the meatball hash with scrambled egg white- it wasn't quite what we were expecting presentation wise but the flavor was excellent. Overall an extremely enjoyable meal. Our server, Ryan (blonde hair), was fantastic! He was very friendly and knew the menu really well. He was able to answer all of my questions and was quick at bringing us what we asked for. The bottomless mimosas and sangria was great as well - I highly recommend the sangria! delicious!
4	Tried the gold medal-winning pizza this time, OMG- the sweetness of the fig with the cheese and then the crust = A-mazing!!
2	I was so excited to dine at Pizza Rock and I left so dissapointed.  Hubby and I decided to try the award winning Margherita Pizza.  The server was very quick to make sure we knew that the pizza was thin and chewy and you'd have to use two hands to pick up a piece.  He also mentioned that because it's cooked over wood, it will be slightly charred.What we received was so far from an award winning pizza we were speechless.  The char was overwhelming and overpowered any other flavors that were part of the dough, sauce or toppings.When we let our server know that we weren't happy, the situation was handled extremely well.  The server loooked at the pizza and then smelled the pizza and let us know that there was definitely something wrong with the pizza that we were served.  They brought a second pizza (this time we had the New Yorker) and it was pretty good.  The manager went as far as to bring us a 2nd Margherita pizza so we could see what the pizza was supposed to taste like.  It was still overcharred on one side but we could defintely taste the flavors.  To be honest, I still wasn't impressed with this pizza.While we ended up not having to pay for our meal (which I thought was very nice and it was unexpected on our end) I thought the prices were high for a pizza joint.  So while the staff and management definitely recovered nicely from their error, in the end I just don't see what all the hype is about.
4	Nice variety of pizzas, good sauce light crust. Pinot noir was good, good rock and roll and nice atmosphere.
5	Love this place!!! Amazing pizza, great beer menu, friendly staff, the decor rocks, and the gm even stopped by our table to chat with us!! They even had a raffle for pizza rock gift cards!!  Would definitely come here again!!
4	An enjoyable pizza with top quality ingredients and creative combinations is what you will find here although I have to say my favorite items so far are the meatballs and the fried artichoke. The staff is friendly but struggle a bit with large crowds.  They are creative on the mixology end as well. Try the suit and tie or the otter pop!  The pizza crust is a little bit on the chewy side for my taste but overall Pizza rock is a very impressive venture into the pizza venue.
4	Great pizza and we had a great time at Pizza Rock! Definitely recommended!
4	The best pizza in downtown Las Vegas.  Head towards the Jerky Store outside of fremont, and you will see this pizzeria straight ahead, across the street.I love this pizza.  New York style with the thin floppy crust.  The best part of their pizza is the sauce.  They make the sauce from scratch, and you notice this immediately.  Hearty flavor!It is actually part of bar and from the looks of it, it would be a great sports watching venue with its many large screen TVs...If I stay in downtown (which isn't often), pizza rock is one of my must-stops...
5	Love the food and the place is awesome. Parking is a pain, otherwise we would be there all the time.
4	First: The good. In a word, incredible. Pizza is fantastic, salads are great. Drinks are amazing. My favorite is the Strawberry Fields. I mean, wow.The calamari is pretty good. They need to take a look at their sauces...or lack thereof... Catsup for calamari? Ick.Now, the not so good: Staffing. Hello?  Hire some damn people, would you? Who you have is amazing, now find more. Just saying.
4	if you're in the mood for some awesome  gourmet pizza this is your place to go they have a full service bar and some of the best pizza I've ever tasted in my entire lifethe pizza sauce taste like its freshly made in the kitchen cheese taste like its freshly grated they have the most interesting combinations and garnish sauces that they put on the pizzas the pizzas come from a square size to a traditional 8 inch to a traditional 14 inch they go all the way up to a 30 inch pizza the 30 inch slices are so big you have to fold men have to put them on a platetheir cocktails are absolutely phenomenal they do have one signature cocktail called a mother trucker which I would not recommend it is not my style it was very citrusy but too strong and it didn't taste good at all but other than that one drink they made very strong and traditional Long Island iced teas we had a lemon drops we had tequila sunrises we had adios mofo the decor is pretty hardcore they have a 900 degrees Stonefire often they also have a semi truck in the middle of the restaurant black and it has flames painted on it the staff was very friendly and full of bubbles are always smiling and helpful they come and check on you as often as possibleand if you like the place and you want to be a regular you can like them or add them to your friends on Facebook and receive a two hour open bar once a month totally complimentary
5	Gotta try this place!  Great service and amazing pizza!  Good for a group large or small. And some of the best pizza west of the Mississippi!
5	Service was excellent. Server took her time to explain everything to us. Pizza was perfect. Tomato sauce was done right. Crust was light and crispy. Meatball was great. Big and perfect with the sauce. The mud pie was amazing. The coffee ice cream helped balance the chocolate crust. Definitely coming back to try the other pizzas and desserts.
5	This is my newly added stop whenever I'm downtown.  I love their purple potato pizza, and they have a wonderful beer selection.  Also, they have a happy hour menu now.  I always stop in when Ty is bartending.  He's fun, and he always treats my out-of-town friends as if they are his own.
4	I just to had to come back here with my fam especially after sampling some of their goodies from a CMYE just days before.So we started with 3 pretty nice sized Meatballs for 6 bucks. Should of got the 6 for 10 deal because the Meatballs were some of the tastiest chunks of beef I have had in a very long time. The marinara sauce that it sits in might as well have been gold because if I wasn't in a public place and was at home, I would have been licking the bowl clean. We also ordered Caesar Salad for 10 bucks. It was pretty good but for that price, I thought we could have gotten more.After going over the menu, we wanted to try the world famous Margherita Pizza. Here's the actual description from their very own menu:*MARGHERITA 16 (Limit of 73 Made Per Day) World Pizza Cup Winner Naples, Italy Dough Hand mixed using San Felice Flour, Proofed in Neapolitan Wood Boxes San Marzano Tomatoes, Mozzarella Fior di Latte, Basil, EVOO and Sea SaltAs quickly as we were excited, our server told us the cold hard truth. THERE WAS NO MORE! :( So much for our excitement. It does say in limited to 73 per day. What a weird number. I think I will ask next time why.In the mean time, we decided to go simple and ordered a Classic Thin Crust Pepperoni Pizza for 14 bucks. This was cooked in a gas brick oven for 550 degrees. This thin crust features tomato sauce, mozzarella, and pepperoni. Its so simple that its great.As a side, I wanted to try their wood fired asparagus for 5  bucks. Now this was sheer disappointment. What they give you is like half of what you would get at the supermarket so the portion size was definitely lacking. As for the taste, well lets put it this way, any time you cook vegetables, especially grilling them, you just want to cook it just enough for it to be a little bit crispy still. In this case, it was limp and almost to the point that it was soggy. So yeah, it was overcooked.Service was on point. We didn't need to ask for anything. Refills were constant and we were constantly checked up on.The only negatives that stood out for me was the limp Asparagus and the music being played. I loved what they were playing but I thought the volume was a bit loud. I only bring this up because even though my wife sat across from me, after our first conversation after sitting down, we had to repeat just about every other word. As I looked around, it didn't seem like anybody else was being bothered by it so I just left it alone.Overall, I am definitely coming back here for great Pizza and Meatballs. I just wouldn't recommend ordering the Asparagus and hopefully the music is not as loud next visit.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #23
2	Way too loud.  All the tables around the bar are really assaulted by industrial rock music.  The ones in front aren't as bad but I would get it to go if I were here again.  After a 40 min wait for a table on Fri night I was seated but then ignored by numerous servers for 15 min.  My margherita pizza was fair but underdone, mushy with a soft crust.  I remember the one at the San Fran mothership Una Pizza Napoletana as much better, plus that place is quieter and classy.  The very nice manager and my waitress both apologized for the slow service and even comped my pizza without my asking.  It's nice Vegas has some new stuff downtown but this place isn't my style.
5	Forget the name Pizza Rock... Call this place Pizza Perfection!!!  With so many amazing options to try we started with a Romano III....its like a full course menu on 1 pizza. If you can't find a pizza here for you, you don't like real pizza and need to stick to those below average excuses for delivery. Joel the manager was a rock star when service started a little slow but took over and gave us a first class experience. We will be back for brunch, lunch, dinner, happy hour!!  They are gonna have to give me a bar stool here hahaha!!!
5	Great pizza. Good service. If you are looking for an intimate, quiet, romantic, cozy get-away pizza place.....don't come here. If you want the best pizza in a loud environment, then this is the place for you otherwise, stay away and stop making the place so crowded.
4	Quite simply it was a brilliant experience as far as a pizza restaurant goes.  It's located in the heart of downtown Fremont, right across the street from the Grand hotel and casino.  Wander in and you'll be absorbed by the black interior and its strong grab at being 'rock 'n roll'.  It kind of works.  It kind of doesn't.  But there are some private tables for more intimate dining and there is also a pretty cool looking bar area.But where it counts - the pizza.  They have so many different ovens and cooking types it made me curious to see their kitchen - it must be massive.  It's either massive or they're lying and every pie goes into the same oven.  But I wouldn't call their bluff.Don't quote me, but I believe they have 9 different types of ovens/cooking styles.  I ordered the Neapolitan Margarita pizza with a friend.  It was beautifully cooked, fresh, and simple.  I'd highly recommend it for anyone.The music blasting through the speakers isn't half bad either.  It doesn't make for an quiet dining experience - but the place is called Pizza Rock so that wasn't a surprise neither.  If you like rock and you like pizza variety - I'm going to stretch and say you'll also like Pizza Rock.
5	Pizza rock was really good the food was amazing and the service was great our waiter which I don't remember his name was very very nice. He gave us a head's up that if we waited a few minutes we would save a lot of money.
5	Great place! Would definitely come back and recommend to anyone coming down this way. It was a recommendation from the Banger Brewery. As soon as we found out they can easily accommodate gluten free, we were in! We had one GF person in our group that was able to have a delicious meal and not be concerned for her health or have to ask a ton of questions. We did have to wait but they have a great texting system so that you can still enjoy Fremont St or gamble while waiting for your table. Loved that. Food was excellent, great beer and good martinis. Ricky, the very nice GM also came over to say hi and thank us for coming in.
5	Heard about this place and was a fan of the name. It sounds like it rocks, so had to try. Dropped by in mid-afternoon and the place was nearly empty. Took a seat at the bar and a nice server named Ashley came over. Finding myself completely alone at the spacious, circular bar and completely unfamiliar with the menu, I threw myself at Ashley's mercy. I asked what she liked. She recommended a popular pizza called the Cal Italia. It was a meat-free pizza but "don't knock it 'till you try it," she told me. Oh, and I should mention this pizza won the Food Network Pizza Champions Challenge. So honor this pizza!Ashley had enough charisma and steadiness to her voice that I decided to trust her. I'm glad I did. This pizza was not only a beautiful work to look upon, but was very tasty as well. Tons of flavor. I'd rank it up there as one of my top five pizzas ever. Seriously. Loaded with asiago, Mozzarella, imported Gorgonzola, sweet fig preserve, prosciutto di parma, Parmigiano-Reggiano, and balsamic reduction. The combination works majestically. See the pic I uploaded here and tell me she ain't a beaut! A swirly kind of "optical illusion" kinda pizza.Ashley noticed I didn't finish my crust. Yeah I don't like to down an entire pizza and if I leave the crust I feel like I only ate half. Try this place out. Full bar, tables, and a counter. Pizza Rock rocks!
5	I have been here 4 times and each time the food has been excellent. Every time they have honored the 15% off your bill for checking in, and on one occasion our server provided free meatball appetizer bc we were locals! The spicy calamari is the best calamari I've ever had and you get a HUGE portion; def a great value. A friend had the cal Italia and said it's the best pizza she's ever had. I've tried several Americana and italiana and I am in LOVE with their crust--it's perfectly done every time. I will keep going back!
4	Pretty good pizza. Id have to rank this second best only to Grimaldis. Great work guys
4	Early dinner is the way to go! 4-6 HH prices are about accurate.They did forget my moms salad, but took it off the bill and brought it at the same time. So she did enjoy it even more for free. NOT what we really wanted though.FREE Mud Pie for my 14 yr old son on his Birthday...a $9 FREE surprise! THANK YOU PIZZA ROCK/Bradley Good middle of the road music playing. CLEAN from what I could see. My kids loved the bathrooms. go figure?My Cosmo was ok. Good Beer selection. I would go back for HH. Could get pricey for us locals.
5	I am officially addicted to this place! Have only had slices, but damn they are freaking delicious!Great beer selection as well, may try some other dishes, but can't get past the Za!The music is a bit loud, but tolerable, the employees are great, and that Za is amazing!
5	Pizza was D'liscious and the music was great.
5	We visited Pizza Rock on 02/07/14 for a friend's bday. The atmosphere was awesome, service was great and we loved the food! A must go!
2	It's a nice addition to downtown wait staff is dicey at best.  Weird happy hour times. Blue martini goes till 7 and commonwealth goes till 9 pm.  Downtown cocktail room goes till 7 to.  There happy hr ends at 6 pm.  Hello!! Give it a one and done.
5	A great place to bring a family or hang out with your friends for a bite and some drinks. Live music  was just wrapping up when i sat down. They switched to a nice blend of rock music after that which was enjoyable. The amount of TV's for sports viewing was very good as well. our server was informative and helped us make selections based on our tastes. we had a couple different pizzas which i loved. Prices were very reasonable when you consider quality and location. The rosemary garlic fries were awesome as well. I will definitely go back every chance i get.
3	Tried the PICANTE pizza and it was WONDERFUL!!! It's an all American pizza with tomato sauce, mozzarella, garlic, linguina, peppers, serrano and banana peppers, chorizo, green onion, cholula hot sauce on rustic medium crispy crust. 5 STARS for this pizza. Better than Secret Pizza at Cosmo! Really! We were debating between the Margherita and Cal Italia. Chose the Margherita seeing the fact it won the World Pizza Cup IN Italy. We were disappointed. I guess my expectation was high on this one and we ate this after the picante. The picante was really good so I was waiting for my taste buds to be blown away for the Margherita but instead we got burnt crust taste in our mounts. Yes this pizza was cooked in a 900 degree wood Stefano ferrera oven but not only the crust was burnt, the WHOLE bottom of our pizza was black! I'm so sad. :( Ordered the Truffle Fries and it was HARD AS A ROCK! My 1 yr old loves fries so we got that for him but I think they over baked it. We're were looking forward to try this place based on the awesome reviews. 3 overall stars for the Picante pizza and the great service. We got the food to go for our ride back home to LA. Thank goodness for water! Lol. Till next time Pizza Rock! *Thank you so much for your prompt reply in addressing my concerns, Trevor. We will come back to Pizza Rock and try again next time we're in Vegas.
4	This place is so yummy!! All kinds of pizza east coast or west coast style pizzas! Something for everyone! If your downtown I would recommend checking this place out!!
1	Pizza, atmosphere, music = 4 STARS & great (overpriced though)! Service is another matter = 2 STARS with a sever too cool for school, & kind of rude.  We Sat at the bar and bartender (our server) acted like she couldn't be bothered. We Came from a concert at the Smith Center and would have loved kinder service. Prices kind of high here as well. For SAME pizza in Chicago and at a cool place not a dive, cost is $14.50 for a 16inch, chez, sausage, cracker thin crust. Here, the pizza is a ridiculously high $ 23.00.  Sure, I'll go back for the Sam Giancanna pizza and pray not to get the same service. After all, it's very hard to find Chi town type pizza in Las Vegas.UPDATED!!  8-10-14:  Changed review from 4 stars to 1.  Would give it zero if I could. Went last week with a party of four to have pizza and the pizza was the WORST I have EVER had; & being from Chicago, I fancy myself as a pizza expert. My usual, the Sam Giancanna, was TERRIBLE!  Ordered a large. It came out BURNED... Not just sort of crunchy, but BURNED!!! It was dry, black on the sides & bottom, burnt!! I said to the waitress,  "you're serving THIS with pride??!!! Please serve us another as this pizza is terribly burnt". She did, thankfully. But alas, the second pie was BURNED!!!!! AGAIN!!!!! Could  not believe it!!! We tried to eat a few slices, but left almost half the pizza. When asked if we wanted to box the rest, I declined, and was disgusted. I ALWAYS either finish the pie, or take the rest (GOOD pizza is even BETTER cold).  I didn't complain further, because why bother, knowing this was just a vulgar display of bad service and bad food. I can't believe this place is as trendy and busy as it is. TOURIST TRAP for sure.  In my first review, I discuss the bad bartender service. Here, the awful food. Just because you're in the now trendy downtown district, you shouldn't take it for granted that you might have discerning customers!!!!!!!   Your pizza is indeed like eating PIZZA ROCK.  JUST LOOK AT the pictures customers are posting!!!!!!! 99% of them ALL THE CRUST HAS A LOT OF BLACK, BURNT edges. THAT IS NOT CHICAGO, or good pizza people!!!!!!!  That is BURNT PIZZA that is dry & overcooked!!!!!!  Hellloooooooo.  Being a newer restaurant, doesn't give you card Blanche to rip people off. And THAT IS WHAT YOU ARE DOING, RIPPING PEOPLE OFF! SHAME SHAME. God help GVR. (Hear they are opening a branch there. Dumb move GVR).  I for one, Will NOT be back or recommend. Surely, you'll close with food and service like this! How couldn't you!!???!
4	When downtown check out Pizza Rock. Pizzas are available in a wide variety of crusts and toppings. Our favorite so far is the thin crust Old Chicago. It has great sauce and excellent meats. Service was friendly and fast. Four people feasted and there was enough left to take home.  Drink discounts available during Happy Hour. Music was a little loud but did not affect table conversation.
5	this joint's fun, big, cool & tasty.  would be 4 stars if it were pricier , but it's wonderfully priced for services rendered . crazy about their 10pm-close sun-thurs happy hr.  heaps of TV's seating & good music.  every dinner here this trip will be at their 10pm happy hr.  had a tasty personal pizza , pint of Stone & 3 meatballs for  $15.13the manager is serious about pizza & the craft beers allowed .  mo soon
2	I'm giving this a 2 star rating because of the service alone. There was a group of 12 with 4 kids. The staff was nice but we ordered 4 pizzas so we could try the different types and then 4 kid pizzas. The pizza took 40 mins for the first one to come out. Then they came only one at a time. It was over an hour before all 4 pizzas were delivered. And then the kids pizzas still didn't come. It took us 4 requests to them and then one came out a Mac & Cheese instead of a Cheese pizza and took another 10 mins. Asking for a refill took forever. We actually finally just went up to the bar to get the kids refills. They did end up taking the kids meals off the bill but still charged us the mandatory 18% gratuity. Which wasn't deserved.Now on the other side the pizza was good when we finally got it. A bit pricey I think. $70 for one pizza, one salad, one Coke, and two Bloody Marys. We asked if we could buy it by the slice and they said only if you ordered it at the walk-up window outside ( huh???, whatever). And the place was nice inside. I would never go there again with a group or even kids at this point. So if it wasn't for the service which others have mentioned on here too. I would have given it 4 stars.
5	Cal Italia pizza was amazing!!! And only 7$ on their happy hour menu. Total 5 stars for the pizza. Had the strawberry martini, phenomenal as well. Will totally be back!
5	Love the vibe at Pizza Rock. Good pizza, excellent beer selection and one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. Their beer selection is great, especially if you go for happy hour.
1	Heard the pizza was amazing. But you can't even get a slice. It's busy but not that busy and one guy on the phone taking orders, taking orders from people in line, handling the food and money. I don't know. I wanted to try it....but horrible service and understaffed. No excuse for understaffing at 9pm on a Friday night.
4	This place is great and so is the service.  Tried it today for the first time with my two kids, they give them a coloring paper and some crayons so it is very kid friendly.  We had to wait about 10-15 min when we got there as it was really crowded.  Our wait, Guillermo was awesome though :) Always smiling and checked in frequently on us to see how things were.We had a tomato pie, it was really good, the sauce was good.  We also had the fried green beans in garlic.  Very tasty! and for dessert we had a apple calzone with vanilla ice cream, it was pretty big and we did not finish it all.We will definitely return.   Plan on bringing change for the meters outside or parking in Binions and walking over.  I think the meters take credit cards too but between waiting to sit down and eating, you may have to run out there to renew the time. I had to go out one time.  Very friendly place though and great food.
5	Ashley is the biggest reason we keep coming back! Someone needs to promote that girl already! My girlfriend, best friend, and I came to Pizza Rock for the first time and were blown away by the service Ashley and the rest of the staff gave us.  We went a few nights ago and received the same amazing service. If you ever go here ask for her... guaranteed to get top notch service and you'll get an honest opinion on the food.It is hard to come by a place that has a consistently good vibe like that. We all work in the hospitality and service industry and we just want honest service where the staff doesn't try to sell you the most expensive item on the menu.  If that is what you like when you go to get food and drink then go here.The pizza is  phenomenal and the beer and spirits selection is actually pretty top notch as well. Being a local in Vegas means it is hard to find a place downtown or on the strip that has a good beer selection when you have microbreweries in the suburbs.  Beware though... If you don't want to feel the nostalgia of 90's and early 2k rock music then I would go to the bar first and still get a drink from Ashley at the very least.  Overall the people that work there seem to always be enjoying their environment and they enjoy each other so that translates via the food and service in great ways.  Thank you Ashley for giving us a new spot to frequent. We will definitely be back soon!
2	Just had lunch here this Sat around 1:30 in the afternoon. We went here bcuz my daughters coworker knows she goes to Vegas every month and keeps asking "Did you get to eat there yet?" We finally made it not impressed at all. The hostess was polite and sat us really fast, the atmosphere and decor were great, and we had a good waitress. The problem was the food it was just ordinary. I had the kobe beef burrata burger, the beef was cooked exactly as ordered the flavors just werent there and it was greasy, i like my bacon crispy it was limp, the fries were tasty, my daughter had a pizza that was just ok.  But nothing that i would ever feel the need to go back for. The prices were good. Parking was easy just parked in the Binions lot and had it validated.
5	so I ate here 3 nights in a row.  impressed with the variety of pizza & how they list the cooking temp.  I enjoyed the Chicago thin-crust which was cracker-thin.  the cheese, meats, sauces  & vegis are grand.  Woohoo! As good as it gets bar.  &  the food prices are good enough that I don't have to do happy hour.  twice I ordered a pizza & enjoyed the rest for breakfast.  returning in April & will eat here at least 3 times.  I need to try the fries, calamari & Stromboli
5	I'm from the east coast...I've lived in Vegas for 14 years now. This is by far the BEST pizza parlor in the city. Happy hour pizza $5...
5	Always a treat to find gluten free pizza. Here the taste is incredible, the non-GF pizzas also exceptional (for everyone else in our party), the service superb (not only did our waiter, Doby, kick butt, but the entire staff was awesome, as well) and the cost was truly reasonable! We're thinking we truly hit the jackpot in Vegas!
5	Great food, great service, awesome atmosphere!!  I love going to Freemont with my Vegas fam.  There are so many "hidden" gems.  I feel sorry for those that go to Vegas and never venture the newly renovated Freemont Experience.  I believe the owner of Zappos put in quite a bit of money to give some new life to this beaten up part of town, and let me just say, he did an amazing job!!  More of that in my other location reviews.  Went here before a night of bar hoping.  We ordered the Picante pizza and a Romana that included the parmesan/proscuitto/arugula section, the nutella/apple/walnut section, and the sausauge(?) and some other meat that i can't think of section.  We already ordered the regular calamari and the spicy calamari.  The picante lived up to it's name!  But it was so delicious.  It included chorizo, cholula hot sauce, jalapenos, and pepperchinis.  Highly recommend it if you like spicy food.  The 2nd pizza was amazing and really big.  All 3 sections were so good.  Great crust and great combination of toppings.  My favorite though had to be the calamari!  I love calamari but not every restaurant that carries it should serve it.  Pizza Rock calamari rocks!The service was fast, efficient and friendly.  Our server took the time to explain the different pizza options (yes there are tons: New York, Chicago, California, Italian, Flatbread, Focaccia, etc).  Also, the decor and ambience was very fitting of the downtown area.  They actually have the cab of a Peterbuilt big rig in their restaurant and looks pretty cool.  It would look cooler if it were painted like Optimus Prime, but that's just my geek opinion. Definitely recommend you pay a visit and be prepared to have some out of this world pizza!
5	Yum yum yum! Love this place! Great service!!! The waiter was a sweetheart and the music is awesome. :-) Even the salads are good, for those who aren't too crazy about a lot of pizza. :-)
5	The Cal Italia is amazing.Great service, friendly workers, great music, and an overall wonderful experience. The garlic rosemary fries are the best fries I've ever had.
5	This place is amazing! Get the salumi and formaggio appetizer! Great beers on tap too!
5	Super fun atmosphere, great food and drinks, and happy people!
5	Enjoyed a Sunday afternoon lunch while my mother was in town visiting with my husband and our young son. It was a great afternoon of live music, delicious Bloody Mary's, and tasty food. Our server Ryan recommended the Romana III, it was a great recommendation. They offer a locals discount which was a great draw to come back. Because without a doubt we will return!!
5	Went to pizza rock in down town LV. The food was great, we had burgers and pizza 8.8 out of ten. The service was on point, we had a great server named chelsey. The price wasn't cheap....but the food was high quality.  It was definitely worth the trip from boulder city. All my kids want to go back next weekend.
2	Pizza Rock gives me the impression that a bar has acquired a massive space and scaled itself appropriately. TVs everywhere. Dark and noisy ambiance. A menu full of bar food.First, what I liked. Two things synonymous with bars.- Spacious.- Lots of TVs if you're into what they've got on.So, I can appreciate the changes downtown. It is now becoming  a place that people won't mind being in when the sun sets. Pizza Rock is a nice looking place and helps that sort of "Downtown Project" effort. What it doesn't help, like Le Thai, is elevating their own form of food. If anyone asks me, I'll say "it's a huge bar that has huge pizzas." Nothing more.We shared Romana #1. It's one of three giant pizzas that states it'll feed a few people. For appetizers, calamari and rosemary fries.- The calamari. Extremely overbattered. Otherwise, it's exactly what you'd expect.- The fries were fries. Exactly as you'd expect.- The Romana. It's amazing they have the nerve to charge $35 for an otherwise "XXL" cheese pizza in a rectangular shape. It was so sparse on toppings that it hit a nerve. For example, the end of the pizza with the balsamic and prosciutto had literally portioned out a small piece of prosciutto and a couple drops of balsamic. It was scant and flavorless. Actually, I'd say the whole thing was stale. Wasn't even hot when we got it. The cheese wasn't melty. The crust wasn't crispy. The whole thing just wasn't quality. It almost tasted frozen. That gummy sort of texture was present.To put the Romana in perspective, if you went to Settebello you'd pay around $12-15 per pizza. A quality pizza. Distinctly quality. If you ordered three expensive ones you'd equal one of these Romanas, feed more people, and make them happier. If you went to Naked City Pizza, the bar for bar pizza, you'd be able to buy a "frickin huge" specialty pie, again feeding more people, with piping hot freshness and flavor making everyone happier.I'd never be back. But one last thing...I missed the Elite event not too long ago, and I'm glad I did because had I written this review there it would have just been lost in the useless waves of 5-stars that just say "We saw friends! Thanks for the free food even though we had to wait a long time!" Come now, Elites. REVIEW the place. Don't throw out 5 stars for free food. It helps nobody. Unless Pizza Rock was just sold on bringing Elites in to start a buzz, I imagine they could have valued some honest feedback from the community so I wouldn't have to hammer their mediocrity today.
5	Great pizza place! Really cool interior with a chill atmosphere. We knew as soon as we walked in that it was going to be good because the place was packed for a Tuesday night. Had the calzone which was splendid and the rosemary garlic fries which I would highly suggest, they were delicious. Also was in walking distance from the Golden Nugget which is where we were staying. All in all a nice place to go where we didn't have to deal with the over crowded restaurants on Freemont st.
5	Great pizza and service. I wish they had one of these in Colorado. I have never given 5 stars but that was a great pizza.
5	As suggested, we tried the Cal Italia.  It truly was worth all the recommendations.  Absolutely loved the pizza and the appetizer meatballs were the perfect compliment.  Cool atmosphere, great location downtown, accommodating service and food very much worth coming back for.  Which we will be doing soon!
3	Heard great things about this place. They were even taping a food network show while we were there. We were sat right away which was nice, but once the waitress took our food order we didn't see her again until it was check time. A busser brought out our pizza and pear arugula salad. Salad was really good but the pizza was cold. We ordered their famous award winning pizza and it tasted great, but why was it cold!?!  Just didn't think it all lived up to the hype.
4	Pizza Rock has so many pizza varieties to choose from.  On the last visit, we tried the Sam Giancana pizza, Mostaccioli pasta and Mudpie.  Mostaccioli was excellent.  I would order again.  Mudpie was a great dessert.  If you are a sausage fan, you'll definitely like the Sam Giancana, but it wasn't my favorite.In the past I've tried the Cal Italia, Meatball Appetizer, Margherita which are also good dishes.  I wasn't a fan of the deep dish pizza.Tons of TVs inside, great for viewing sporting events.
5	My favorite new pizza place!!! The meatballs are amazing... the sauce is perfect... A must when having that pizza craving in Vegas!!! Kathleen, our sever, was perfect as well!!! Loud music, great selection, good times!
5	The Cal Italia pizza was absolutely amazing. The recommendations from our server were great and we enjoyed the experience immensely. We found the restaurant on a map published by Mapperarti and we were intrigued by the pizza world champion who created the unique pizzas on the menu.
2	Ok. Kind of overpriced. Beer selection is pretty good. Nice place to watch sports as the TV's are in a good location and big. $28.00 for a speciality pizza and $15.00 for a calzone...Meh... I think not. I get better pizza in LA.
5	I have to say my experience here was awesome.  From the waiter to the cool contemporary decor to the great pizzas.   Everything was a joy!  We started the evening with a plethora of draft beer selection and martinis all were excellent.  Then our calamari was huge and very ono! Now there aren't many places who offer gluten free and this place offers it on all their selections and styles of pizza. Good eats, great service, and a rockin experience.
4	Meatballs! Delicious round juicy balls of meat swimming in scrumptious marinara. Fooogeedaabutteeet! For our first visit we ordered a New Yorker, 6 meatballs and truffle fries. the pizza was flavorful and light but I think I like the meatballs better. they're known for their margharita pizza so I'll try that next. Truffle fries was not so good. It was soggy and I didn't like the truffle oil they used. ambiance is kickass with the huge truck in the restaurant. The bar is located in the back and they also have a take out area upfront. Our server was very friendly and attentive. I'm looking forward to try other pizzas. -1 star for the truffle fries.
2	Love this place, was excited to have some gluten free pizza tonight so I called to place a pick up order. The hostess transferred me to a gentleman who barley spoke English and was literally unable to take my order. He couldn't understand that I was trying to order 2 seperate pizzas and when I asked him about desserts he suggested garlic bread or cheese sticks. When I explained to him those were side dishes and I wanted deserts... He told me I was wrong.   I literally hung up in frustration after arguing with this guy for 5 minutes.  Nothing at all against Hispanics, my husband is Hispanic... But why the fuck did the English speaking hostess transfer me to someone uncapable of holding a conversation in English?! FAIL PIZZA ROCK. FAIL.  You lost my business tonight.
5	Pizza Rock, Pizza Rock... sighIs it weird to be in love with pizza and is it considered cheating? There are so many things to love about your pizza let me count the ways. 1. You can have up to eight different styles of pizza at a time.2. The Cal Italia and the Diavola will have you at the first bite. 3. Calamari is sooo good and they have a spicy Calamari option. Seriously why doesn't everyone do this?!4. The service, music, and atmosphere are all great. 5. Tony Gemigani has so many Pizza related accolades it's ridiculous but seriously he is the U.S ambassador of Neapolitan style Pizza and has won multiple contests and awards for his mad skills. So if you like mediocrity, don't come here. Other than that I will save you a slice at my table.
5	Had amazing pizza the New Yorker !! Meatballs are a must have ! And they serve Titos vodka  which makes it all that much better.  Defiantly a must got for lunch or dinner .
4	Decided to try a new pizza place.- Huge space- Indoor and outdoor seating- Awesome decorations (like the big ass truck in the middle of the room!)- Great ambience- Good for kids- & Def a good place to go to after bar hopping downtown!Was greeted and seated promptly..We decided to have the truffle fries & meatballs to start with. The fries were "ok" because I've had better but the meatballs were delicious! Moist and great size!Then for our pizza we had The New Yorker with added bacon and onion. The pizza was good, nothing to complain about, but I was most impressed in how good the meatball was.I would eat here again to try other items on the menu!
4	The New Yorker pizza is awesome
2	Food is good (from previous experience) but efficiency could be better. I waited outside for 20 minutes and ended up with nothing.  Too busy serving people on inside - why have an outside window if preference to those indoors?
2	Over priced mediocre pizza. Actually it's difficult to even call this pizza. Beer selection is good and reasonable is the only thing they got going for them.
5	I highly recommend this place if you are hungry for a traditional slice of fantastic piZza!   We came in on a whim from gambling and we were delighted!  The manager Amanda even let us taste the meatballs because she highly recommended them and oh my god do they rock!  This is the place where great nights end!  The bartender Kate is exceptional!   You should only come in when she is in!  Don't even try to fight it!
3	been a couple of times and the pizza is excellent.  the beer is nice and cold too.  two big draw backs. 1)  it's too loud.  maybe I'm an old fart but the music is so loud you can't have a conversation.  2) the place is filthy.  it's brand new and the staff has already stopped cleaning.  better get somebody in there to crack the whip.
5	Tasty classic meatballs, and...5-stars for the Chicago Cracker Thin pizza. This is the ONLY pizza to get here IMO! I've had it twice now over the course of 3 separate visits. Getting the Chicago Cracker Thin 'Old Chicago' style means it comes with: tomato sauce, mozzarella, provolone, garlic, Italian fennel sausage, sliced meatballs, ricotta, romano and oregano. Perfect! The cracker-thin crust is spot-on and just like my favorite hole-in-the-wall pizza joint near Midway Airport in Chicago. It comes out perfectly toasty and savory, and cut into squares as it should be. You will not feel stuffed, just satisfied.If you're up in the air as to which style pizza to get because there are so many to choose from, you GOTTA pick the Chicago Cracker Thin pizza. Walking through the restaurant on the way to the men's restroom and back, I wish everyone had a Chicago Cracker Thin pizza on their pizza racks instead of the more traditional pies they chose. From the looks of it, the average person likes bready pizza with pepperoni on it. Or at least that's what they think they like.Chicago Cracker Thin. The only way I rock Pizza Rock.
4	Stopped by for happy hour, and a great quick meal of the Cal Italia pizza and the meatball appetizer. Great food all around at great prices.
5	We asked around and were told Pizza Rock was the best pizza place downtown. We viewed yelp reviews and decided to try it out. The server (Shani) was helpful & attentive. We ordered the American Original. It was delicious. I just wish we had a location close to home. We would eat there all the time.
1	Very disappointed in quality & service!!Walking by, we spotted Pizza Rock & decided to give it a shot. We debated getting a table or just buying a slice to try it. We finally decided to just get slices. We saw people buying cheese slices, and the pizza looked great. And one note, the young guy cooking the pizzas was awesome (no name tag unfortunately)... he was very friendly & charismatic & is the type of employee any restaurant would want dealing with customers... if he were the only employee we encountered, the "service" would have been great. Sadly he wasn't the only one we dealt with.  By the end, we felt bad for him... it apparently isn't his fault that he's forced to overcook the pizzas this way.So we ordered 2 slices of pepperoni pizza. The first two he brought out just looked disgusting... they weren't just burnt, they were BLACK! We said no... he offered to get 2 new slices.  But then we saw what he put in the oven to warm up... they looked exactly the same, they were from the same exact large pizza as the first two slices.  He handed them to us, and we thought "maybe it tastes better than it looks." But first, we lifted it up... the bottom literally looked like asphalt, totally black on the bottom & the outer crust... burnt to a crisp... even the pepperoni was so tiny & curled & burnt.  We each took one bite off the tip, and all we could taste was burnt char and it literally crunched in my mouth like a cracker... not even good crispy pizza 'crunches' like that, it was hard & crunchy & only tasted like char!  No other flavor!  We said "No, we can't eat that.  Why are all the pepperoni ones burnt? Why not take one out sooner, so they look like the cheese pizzas?"  The guy said "I have to leave it in longer to cook the pepperoni."  Really?  Why does NO other pizza place have to BURN it to cook the pepperoni? That just makes no sense, sorry!  We finally asked for a manager to get a refund, because he took another new pepperoni pizza from the oven, and it looked exactly the same, blackened & charred.The manager, Joel (we were told later, he never bothered to introduce himself), finally came out (after waiting quite some time, guess they only have 1 on duty at a time)... and was extremely sarcastic & unfriendly the entire time. He stated that we were the ONLY complaints he'd had all day long. Okay, that's fine, we explained, but we ARE NOT eating that burnt pizza they offered us twice!  Also, I wish I had thought to tell him right then... numerous other people in line at the same time didn't seem to care, and we asked a big group of them "Don't you care that it's so burnt?"  Their reply was "We're so drunk & hungry, we could care less right now."  Ahh, near all the bars, especially for a big event in town, lots of people so drunk they don't care WHAT they eat... so that's why nobody was complaining!!  We were also starving at this point... we'd already been waiting over 30 minutes for 2 slices... but we weren't hungry enough to eat black, charred, flavorless pizza.After arguing about the burnt-ness of the pizza, Joel finally voided our transaction to refund our purchase... the then stated they were cooking us 2 more slices in a different oven inside the main kitchen... we never asked for that and at this point, we didn't want it... but he 'informed' us of that, and walked away... didn't give us a chance to tell him 'no thanks'... we'd been standing there about 40 minutes now, we were NOT waiting another 10-15 minutes for another burnt pizza... or worse. So we told the NICE young man cooking to please let him know we aren't interested, we'd rather leave & eat elsewhere.So if you like burnt, charred, overcooked pepperoni pizza, this is the place for you.  Or if you like plain cheese pizza, that LOOKED pretty good!  Just not sure why they can't cook them the same... if the pepperoni slices looked ANYTHING like the cheese slices, nice golden brown crust & bottom... we'd probably be customers for life!  Sadly, they cook their pepperoni pizza to death, and have managers who are snide & sarcastic & downright unfriendly to their disappointed customers.  So we have no desire to return, and will never recommend this place to anyone.  Shame, because we're always looking for good pizza places.We ended up finding pizza elsewhere... guess what, it was cooked properly, but not burnt... imagine that!
5	Loved this! It was a pleasant spot with great food and good music. Loved the garlic fries, dipped in ketchup they really did taste like garlic bread.
5	If you are a pizza lover, you are a Rock Star here!  They've got several styles of pizza to accommodate everyone's taste. 12" are the medium size and that is already enough to share. There's a full bar!  Gorgonzola and Apple insalata - I don't like salad, but I like this!  The blue cheese crumbles and apples make it really good. White wine clams - cooked nicely. I can put this in my top 3 list of clams!Classic Italian Artichoke Joe - just my style no tomato sauce.  Spinach and artichoke with plenty of cheese!  Our server was lovely!  Blonde, tatted, and gauged. She was on point with our large party of 13. Did not miss a beat.  The a/c was so cold... We tried to withstand it almost the entire time.  When we finally couldn't take it we told our server. She immediately got it adjusted and we felt so much better almost instantly.  SUPER AWESOME! Very cool place and great food!
5	My new favorite pizza restaurant.  The menu is amazing; different pizzas and crusts, prepared in different ovens at different temperatures with different cooking fuels.  And the pizzas themselves and the toppings.  The bar has a great selection of draft beers too.I've read what some others have said about "burned" pizza; but they explain that it's a cooking technique.  TRUST ME, TRY IT and you'll enjoy it.  It's one of their signature pizzas and they flash cook them in an oven for just about 5 minutes.  It was great!  After going in December, we back in February for the "Kids in the Kitchen" program held every Saturday.  It fills up fast, so you need to call early.  It was a great morning.  We got to tour the kitchen, throw dough up in the air (yes, they let the parents play along too!) and then we got to make our own pizzas under the guidance of one of the cooks.  Then they cook it and you get to enjoy your creation!  They also let us sample a few other treats on the menu.  There's a pizza with honey, sweet onions and other sweet toppings (it's NOT a dessert pizza though).  I never would have ordered it, but when they offered me a slice I tried it.  It was great!  The whole place is fun and you'll have a difficult time even picking out your pizza.  Just be prepared that the music is a bit loud; but what do you expect given the name.Looking forward to my next meal at Pizza Rock!
3	Cool vibe, spotty service and food...  Had a group of 8 people for sunday brunch.  I liked my breakfast potato skins..  potato skins filled with eggs, cheese, bacon, and salsa..  very tasty and fun to eat.   Friends had breakfast pizza, they liked it.   Some had eggs benedict, said it was no bueno (over cooked egg, not enough hollaindais sauce, and bread it was on was very hard).   Was sold on bottomless mimosas and sangria, was told there was multiple flavors..  wrong, we only got regular mimosas and one flavor of sangria..  will not return for brunch.  may try a pizza next time..   On Sunday, they had a couple of guys playing unplugged.  they were really good...
5	I came in from Florida in search of some Chicago style pizza and this place delivered!   Great food and service.
3	its pizza, you really cant mess that upits a bit over priced but its a tourist spot. came with a group of coworkers (all bartenders) and sat at the bar, our bartender had a pretty shitty attitude and didnt even bother saying thankyou when we tipped her 40%, probably wont come back because of that alone, cant remember her name just remember she had purple in her hair
5	My son and I are allergic to gluten. We got a gluten-free pizza that was amazing. I hear the Margarita pizza is award winning.
5	So this place is like totally awesome! I love the vibe here, and they play rock and grunge while you dine.Me and a couple of friends had these fries that were amazing! I wish I remembered what they were called, but they had a different type of cheese on them, I believe gorgonzola. Not your typical cheddar you would find on cheese fries. The Margherita pizza was really good too, and we tried a new pizza the chef created that had Guinness in the pizza dough that was like whoa! Very tasty! Washed it all down with a couple of Arrogant Bastards and we were all set! It was my first trip there and will definitely be back. When I checked in, they had a deal for people who checked in on Yelp, so make certain to check in when you eat here to see what's going on for us Yelpers. Kudos, my friends!
4	Came on a Friday night here for the first time and was a little confused walking in because I wasn't sure if I could just walk and sit wherever I wanted or if I needed to check in with someone. We asked and they informed us it was a 20 minute wait. We didn't wait much longer than 15 minutes and we were seated right away. I would give pizza rock a 4 on food and a 4 on service. For the first 15 minutes of us sitting we weren't sure who our server was but once we were greeted and got our order in, it was worth the 30-40 minute wait to get our food (it was really busy since it was Friday). Me and my bf ordered the Gorgonzola Fries (which were amaaaazing) and the fried artichoke (which was ok) and a Gorgonzola and Apple salad for starters (pretty good).  We then got the Cal Italian Pizza which was really good but we had so many appetizers we saved it for a late night snack. They also had a DJ booth that was inside a truck in the dining area so that was pretty cool. The music was loud and all rock. In my opinion, it's a great place to hang out and drink! Also, if you don't like dining in there's a to-go pizza area so you won't need to sit in and have your food served. Patios outside as well if you're looking for some scenery outside. Thanks Pizza Rock!
4	Made a same-day 7:45p reservation on a Friday and ended up getting there 30 mins early & waited about 15 mins and they sat us.  Park at the Downtown Grand like the website says - just a short walk.  Got a few bottled beers from the bar for the wait - decent beer selections & appreciated the $4 prices for some of the bottles.Lots of TVs - this was a March Madness weekend - yet the four TVs in our line of site all had the same game on where there were at least 3 other games going.  Even when the sole game on went to halftime the screens weren't changed.  When that game ended, the screens were finally changed so two different games were on.Pizza Rock has Coke products - yea! Ordered meatballs for appetizer and "The Boss" Sicilian for our party of 3 to share. FYI - they will take items off their pizza but won't substitute other items.  Meatballs were excellent.  Tried to order a second appetizer after the meatballs came to the table; took forever for server to come back to table and our garlic bread order came to table after the pizza.  Menu was huge and complex and could have had more detail.  Some pizzas are 12" and some are 16"; some are thin crust and some are 1.5" thick crust and some are served square.  Why not put all of this on the menu?  The server explained each pizza type but it was confusing trying to remember which pizza was what size.Our Sicilian pizza was quite good.  After the first bite, we realized something was off - some of the toppings were cold, while the crust was hot.  When our server came back to the table, I asked if there were topping added to the pizza after it was cooked and she said yes.  From what I could determine, all of the vegetable toppings were cold - added to the pizza after it came out of the oven.  We had asked for no green peppers and no olives, would have been even more cold toppings without leaving these off.  Didn't affect the flavor of the pizza too much.  Never had pizza like this before.The garlic bread was excellent.  It was served with huge side of marinara.We took home more than half of the pizza.  Can't wait for leftovers - I can heat all of the toppings.HUGE wait for tables when we left. Make a reservation, if you have the opportunity.  We'll be back.
5	I love this place. I haven't had the chance to eat in the restaurant yet, I've only dined at the counter or gotten a slice to go through the take out window. The staff is always very friendly. The pizza is fantastic! I actually go there weekly the pizza is so good. I always recommend them to friends and coworkers. It does take a few minutes to get your slice - definitely worth it!
5	The last time I was here was when they first opened in DTLV. I am now back after months of being deprived and the staff is just as friendly, the food is just as great, and the vibes were flowin. I love pizza, and they made my indecisive self a very happy camper thanks to Kathleen & her knowledge of the menu. Definitely coming back!
3	Now how on earth did I miss the opening of yet another pizza joint downtown?  I don't know but I did!  I normally wait to review a business after at least the 2nd visit, but decided I could go out on a limb on this one and review it after my first experience.  A group of friends and I signed up for the Cycle Pub Vegas (which meets in front of Pizza Rock) for a Saturday night.  We decided to give Pizza Rock a chance as we wanted to be full before debarking on an epic peddling and drinking adventure.  I was a little taken back by the 45 minute to hour wait they informed us of, but they did take our cell number to text us when the table was ready.  We explored the area and almost exactly 1 hour later the text arrived.When we returned we were almost immediately seated and although the place was packed, had our drinks and order in within minutes.  I showed the waiter the Yelp 15% Check In Discount and he assured me he would make not of it and give the discount.  We also asked for 2 separate checks which again the waiter stated would not be a problem and even stated he would take the 15% off each of the bills.  We informed our waiter that we were doing the Vega Pub Cycle in just over an hour, but again assured us we would have plenty of time to enjoy or meals.Now...the order took forever to complete and resulted in us having to devour our food in minutes to make the Cycle Pub Vegas start time.  The pizzas took an easy 45 minutes (maybe longer) with no explanation at all.  The pizza selection was very good and included a gluten free pizza (which I only had a bite of) but was surprising very good.  The Downtown 20 was excellent and very fresh and filling.  The "free" meatballs the waiter provided due to the wait were good, but cold.When the bill finally arrived (noticed I didn't say bills) it didn't include the Yelp Discount, included the "free" meatballs and wasn't split like requested.  It was also dropped at the table by the food runner, not the waiter.  We attempted to get a waiters attention, but would have missed our next event, so we decided to just let this one pass.  I will return to try the service again, as the food and atmosphere was really quite good.  I will update my review then and hopefully raise it a star or two, but so far I'm not really impressed with the customer service.
4	Above average pizza place.  They have a good variety of pizzas, a good mix of appetizers, and a good beer selection. I've tried several of their classic pizzas and more unique pizza combinations and all have been great.  The meatballs are quite large and meaty, this would be best ordered with another dish.  The asparagus and pear arugula salad were also delicious.  The only appetizer I would not order again is the breaded artichoke, it sounded like a good dish to try but I was disappointed.  There was way too much breading on the artichoke, leaving the inside quite mushy.
5	Definitely my favorite pizza spot at the moment. Me and my girlfriend love this place, we've tried 3 different pies but so far the Cal Italia is the favorite so far. Replace the Gorgonzola with goat cheese (unless you're a big fan of Gorgonzola I guess) the pizza is a perfect mix of sweet and salty.. It's so hard to stop eating. They also carry the stiel (I think that's the brand if not it's close to that word) grapefruit beer in a bottle it's super refreshing like an alcoholic Italian soda. You can also get slices up at the front if you don't feel like sitting down and waiting.. The slices up front are a little bit bigger than what you would get from a regular pie. Also if you are local ask for the locals discount I think it's 15% may be 10% though, we had been there like 4 times before anyone mentioned it to us.
5	Absolutely fantastic! Fresh, unique and tons of choices...kids loved it too. Definitely making this a regular stop.
4	Great food, great atmosphere.  Our server seemed to be a bit on a rush every time he helped us.
5	A little pricey but very yummy!!!!
5	Ok Pizza Rock, you have come full circle in my eyes. Maybe it was just learning your menu and what worked for me. With so many types of pizza I was bound to love some/ hate some but I've found my jam. The Chicago style thin crust pizza is just the stuff I ordered growing up. So good and loaded with pepperoni, fennel sausage and spicy sausage. Perfect! I have also discovered the happy hour menu and it's probably my favorite HH menu around town. 3 huge meatballs for $3 and a 1 topping personal pizza for $5 or specialty pizza for $7. Well drinks $3! Seriously. Awesome. Oh and the staff is always super friendly, especially at the bar.
4	Mmmmm!! Yummy pizza - New York style!! Good spot near Fremont St!  Good price And nice place to chill and break away
5	Best pizza and variety in Vegas. So many awesome varieties. Normally I'm a one trick pony, pepperoni and I'm good. But here I've had the Margherita, and Honey Pie which is amazing. Can't go wrong here.
3	I guess my problem here was two fold; neither of which is the restaurant's fault.  First, we were on our lunch hour and were in a bit of a hurry, which is never that fun.  But they did help us out with that after we let them know.  Then I guess the second problem was ordering a salad instead of pizza.  I know I know!  But the salad was GOOD it was pancetta and arugula with a fantastic balsamic dressing.  I do think it would be prudent to go back for happy hour.  The menu for happy hour looked fantastic!!  So I will go back to this place, for sure.
4	The western U.S. wrote the book on terrible pizza, but Pizza Rock is an exception to that rule. The overall dining experience here is 5 stars - especially in comparison to other Las Vegas "pizza" locations. But there are a few issues keeping this place from truly rocking it, as it were.Most importantly, Pizza Rock's menu needs serious help. Someone at this restaurant needs to understand the menu, as presented, is way out of bounds when it comes to pizza menus. With pretty much any real pizza joint, you typically have your crust options followed by your topping options, and a few "specialty" pies, and that's it. Short, sweet, simple.Pizza Rock, in an effort to break the mold (which I always encourage) prints a large and very clunky menu that takes forEVER to read. Although it is loosely broken down by pizza styles, each pizza (and there are MANY) has its own custom toppings. Between the styles, names, awards, and ingredients, it is a daunting read. It's like hey you can get this Italian pizza with 12 cheeses, a half pineapple and five rabbits' feet or this next pizza that won the South Central Tracey Bonham award in 1998 and it comes with four butchered gnomes and an upside-down piano on it. The point is, ASK THE SERVER. I was so sick of reading I just requested whatever Pizza Rock's version of a large New York style pizza where it goes crust, tomato sauce, then cheese. And, wouldn't you know it, the pizza tasted great!The other issue is the restrooms. Terrible! No water pressure, no paper towels, AND you had to pull the door inward to leave (which means touching the handle everyone else who didn't not have water or paper towels just touched, and dreading picking up your next slice of pizza.Pizza places MUST have clean bathrooms. The fact that so many reviewers don't seem to mind really gives you an idea of Yelp's demographic.
5	Hands down the best pizza in Vegas- and it's probably not close. It breaks the mold of gangster inspired stuffy pizza joints (prevalent in Vegas) where the Godfather soundtrack plays on repeat all day and every pizza comes with 35lbs of cheese on it. I had not been to Pizza rock before last night. I had been to Tony's in SF (another location with the same owner) so I knew how good it was going to be but somehow just never got around to it- shameful I know. It is located downtown just outside of the ruckus. It is across the street from the Grand hotel and casino and you can valet park there to attend the restaurant.We made a reservation but it didn't look like it was necessary for a Sunday night. As we were being lead to our table it took every bit of restraint I could muster to not snatch slices off the many delicious looking pizzas we walked by. The decor is very Orange County Chopper-esque and the music is a lot of rock from the 90's which is good for the newly over 30 and old crowd. Also when I checked in on Yelp I got a 15% of coupon so make sure you do that. The FoodWe got two pizzas since we couldn't decide. We had gotten the meatball appetizer in SF and it was great but we decided to skip it and try for dessert. Cal Italia- this was the pizza we had in SF and it has haunted us ever since. It is a white style pizza with prosciutto and fig preserves, sprinkled with balsamic vinegar. It sounds pretty weird I know but it is INSANELY good.  The Pizza Rock version did not disappoint. The Ogden- this had olive, goat cheese, and sausage on a white pizza. I know what you are thinking "two white pizzas?"- and yes we went there. This was not quite as good as the Cal Italia- but still good. It could of been improved by adding some more goat cheese- some of the pieces had quite a bit, others almost none.Chicken Parm- I didn't get this unfortunately- someone at the table next to me did. It looked so good I strongly considered cracking his skull open like a coconut and taking it before going on the lamb. They have so many other unique flavors of pizza I will definitely be going back in order to try as many as possible. Mud Pie- I saw someone else get this dessert and had to get it. It comes with some awesome flavored whip cream (grand marnier?) that is sort of orange tasting- highly recommend.
5	So I personally feel the food that is available in the downtown Fremont Street area is garbage. There is a really good Hot Dog place and thank god there now is this slice of heaven. The BAD, the menu is difficult to understand. I was at a table with six people and we were all really confessed and actually almost walked out. That and because they did not have the beer we wanted. The GOOD, The pizza we ordered was great. The pesto pizza and the old fashion pepperoni was also wonderful. If you are in the downtown Fremont Street area I highly recommend you give this place a shot. Triple George's is just around the corner and it to is yummy!!
5	GREAT PIZZA! If you are looking for a great new restaurant to try in Downtown Vegas, look no further than Pizza Rock which is attached to the new Downtown Grand. The atmosphere is pretty cool and the servers are fantastic. Our server told us all about the specials going on. He also talked about Yelp specifically, mentioning the discount you get if you check in. We got the Old Chicago pizza which was phenomenal. They also have a great late happy hour with $3 well drinks. The well bourbon is very good. Overall this was a great experience and will definitely recommend and return often.
5	This pizza is as good as it gets. We have come here a few times now and it has yet to disappoint. The atmosphere is great. It is relaxed and is always playing great music. . . hence the the word "rock" in the name.Each time we've come we have ordered a different pie. Each piece looks and taste amazing. If you want GOOD pizza, this is the place. You won't catch me any where else.
4	Awesome!  Being this was our first time and I yelped it i got 15% off. The food was food her licking.
5	Our first time here..it was AWESOME!  Looking forward to coming back over and over to eat way through the menu!
1	The pizza have a burned taste and cold. The garlic fries is worst . Won't see me again
5	Pizza was delicious. We ordered The Boss. It was a deep dish pizza with the works. We also had meatballs which was also very good. Will definitely be back to try other dishes.The service was great and the late hours is a great idea.
5	You did it again yelp...yum! Excellent pizza...got one of the flat Chicago ones...crispy, flavorful, just amazing. 16" almost fed our fam of four...had to add a dessert calzone...also amazing! Highly recommended. Reasonably priced and very tasty.
5	We have been here quite a few times since they opened. We heard about Tony G and his Margherita pizza that cooks in 90 seconds on a food network show and couldn't wait to try it! Let me say it is heaven in every bite! There is a pizza style here for everyone (I think they have 7 different crusts!). We always sit at the bar and Chantel is an awesome bartender! So friendly, fast, and takes great care of everyone! Can't wait to go back!
5	The pizza was really good. I guess they use different ovens I was told?  Very cute place too. Try the Gorgonzola fries!  They were MONEY!  Love the thin crust. Again......thank you Vaughn!!!
4	I researched this pizza place on Yelp:) very helpful!! I'm married to a guy who loves pizza!!(any kind) so I searched and I found it!! PIZZA ROCK, and boy did it!!! We ordered The New Yorker, excellent choice, our friends ordered the Downtown, another excellent choice!!! Different pizzas baked in different ovens, a totally unique taste!! The ricotta cheese on the New Yorker was a perfect compliment to the whole taste of the pizza! I made sure to smear it all over my piece:) mmmm mmmm mmmmnote... The New Yorker was mostly a meat pizza with in house homemade sausage..yummyThe Downtown was loaded with beautiful veggies and with homemade sausage also.Both were fabulous! I must try on your trip to Vegas!!!
5	Excellent pizza!! We had the downtown pizza and we loved it! Highly recommend coming  here if you are in the downtown area! Great service as well!!
5	Words cannot describe the deliciousness that happened when friends brought us here!  I'm overwhelmed and can't event remember the exact names of the pizzas we had here, but boy was it amazing!  We ordered a variety of the different pizza's they offer and there wasn't one bad one.  We also had their calamari and fries for appetizers are they were just as good.  They offer a sweet locals discount as well when you check in with Yelp.  I can't WAIT to go back!
5	This place is incredible.  Stayed in Vegas for four nights and ate here 3 of the 4 nights.  The meatball app is so good.  For a pizza had the New Yorker and it was one of the best pizzas I have ever had.  Place is great.
4	Ordered the downtown pizza. It was pretty tasty!  Server was really nice! We will definetly be back!
5	PIZZA ROCK is located downtown next to the Grand Hotel. Trying the pizza for the first time. We order the pizza called Downtown. it has a lot of toppings on it so we are having it the way it is made. They have different varieties of way pizza is cooked, 550 degree to the 900 degree oven the cooks the pizza in 90 seconds crisp outside doughy inside.mozzarella,  peperoni,  salami,  red onions,  sausage,  olives, bell pepper...etc. Let's see when it come out.Let's see.
4	4 stars only cause you cant order a slice in the seating area, U have to eat at the little counter inside or order outside and eat. it was to windy to eat outside that day. But let me tell ya, the pizza AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
5	Pizza Rock has now become the benchmark for pizza in Vegas for me.  Showed up at this happening little spot close to Fremont Street and was seated with no waiting early on a Saturday evening.  There are huge televisions all over the place and the crowd noise combined with the music was just below the obnoxious level.  I was able to enjoy the music and carry on a conversation without having to yell across the table.  I started my meal with a Moose Drool on tap. Excellent choice.  Followed that up with the 3 meatballs appetizer.  Next came the main course, the award winning Margherita pizza.  It was heaven sprinkled with fresh basil.  Props to all the other Yelpers out there whose reviews led me to this goldmine.
5	They have more than one gluten-free pizza option!  Bravo!  My bf LOVES pizza, pre-Celiac's me did too, we have finally found a pizza place we can both enjoy!  The rest of the group ordered several dishes, ALL of which made me envy their ability to digest gluten. Everyone raved about their food...a few even tried and raved about my gluten-free pizza!  The only "complaint" I have is the noise level, but with a name like Pizza Rock, I totally expected it. The DJ booth is really cool, though!
5	As I was walking in downtown Vegas on a cold Tuesday night my wife and I came across Pizza Rock..to our delight we discovered that this place is just incredible...the best bartender in Vegas by far is Ty...we ate everything and was fantastic.. Highly recommended...
4	Service is slow but the pizza is oh-so-amazing! Worth it!
5	Actually great pizza!! Although I was pretty hammered so not sure if this review will make cense. I'll try. Crust was good sauce wuz better.  I only got calimara but ate all the pizza my boys got. Hey gotta mooch! Anyway pizza was great but I personally prefer metro instead.  Again I was pretty drunk.  My boy pusses out on the bill so I ate his portion.  The timing and freshness was worth the wait.  Overall I'd eat here again and recommend it to friends.
5	Sarah was our waitress. She was fast and courteous and on point with everything. Love the atmosphere, the vibe of the place. The pizza was thin and crispy just like I like it, had a really good time "we will return"!
3	Perfectly good pizza place. The staff was very nice, the restaurant was clean and there were a lot of tvs tuned to any game you could want. The pizza was better than average, but not great - although the pepperoni was really, really good (thinly sliced & the right amount of spicy kick). Try going during happy hour, before you go out for the night. They have cheap, ice cold draught beers and $5 personal pizzas that are plenty big enough for a quick dinner. If you're like me, you can lose the money you saved on dinner at Caesar's Palace blackjack tables. Damn it.
5	Delicious! I had the New York Pepperoni-Sausage. My only issue is that its a family-style type of eating, which was good for today since I was sharing with my hubby. If you plan on eating a slice or two, they have a take out window and bar at the entrance - You can have pizza by the slice that way. You can also go during happy hour and get a personal pizza of your choice. Service was good! Our server was really nice and helpful. They ran out of hard cider, which made me sad since I do not like taste of beer. He suggested I try the grapefruit ale. It was really good and a wonderful alternative. My husband loved the different beer choices and how knowledgeable the staff were on the lagers and ales. The ambiance is super classy and modern. This is more of a place to enjoy, sit, and drink - not to get drunk. I really appreciate that since it seems that in Vegas there are so many drunk people walking all over the place. Pizza Rock was a good place to drink and enjoy!
3	This 3 star rating is for the service!!  The hostess was friendly but our waiter, Matthew was slooow!!  We had to ask for drink refill and waited a long time to get them.  The food was excellent.. We had the pancetta arugula salad & the Cal Italia pizza and they were wonderful.  Would visit again.
3	This is the first restaurant I have ever been to that serves every style of pizza. After walking in, we were barely greeted by the two girls chatting at the hostess stand. I asked to see a menu and was given a dirty one, I handed it back to her and asked for a clean one. She looked at me as if she had something to say then said alright let me look. The second menu she handed me was satisfactory.After sitting down it took about 15 min for our waitress to come over. As soon as she comes over I ordered the Gorgonzola apple salad, and the honey pie. The salad was very mediocre; the pizza was tasty but had a few flaws. The main flaw being the fried onion strings on top of the pizza. They were unnecessary, made the pizza greasier, and took away from the other great ingredients. Fried onions have no place on a pizza!
1	Good god...at least say "hello" or "welcome" at some point while I'm standing there for 10 minutes! Yelling "can I help you?" when I've decided to walk out is...um...stupid. Bye bye.
1	Drove all the way over there and was ready to pick out my slice when I reached for the door to find it locked. They signaled through the window that they were closed 30 minutes early.  Ironic considering their were a bunch of pizzas still visible in the window.  Change your posted hours or close when your website states your going to you asses
4	Party of four on a Saturday night and there was an hour wait. Smaller parties of two were sat right away. So we decided to order a slice at the fast pickup window instead. Decently priced and good flavor. Staff was friendly. Many regulars were there which is a good sign. Definitely not a healthy choice!
4	Pizza and atmosphere were great!  Server was a little rude and snotty about our questions... A couple of us are gluten free (one with a simple intolerance and one severely allergic).  The GF crust is excellent, and once we determined we COULD eat the fried green beans so were they!    Drinks were good, and the rest of the evening went off just fine!
5	The pizza here is absolutely delicious. I recommend the Roman style pizzas, they can easily be shared with 4 or 5 people. The Elderflower Gimlet is amazing! Service is great and friendly. Music is cool.
4	Food was great here...I stayed at the Grand Hotel across the street and the hotel staff recommended it.  So glad I went....I had a wonderful cuban mojito, small pepperoni and sausage pie and ceasar salad and the mussels.  I was so full and everything tasted great.  Will be back to try some other things on the menu too.  Waitress was awesome too.
5	Amazing! This is my second time coming to pizza rock. I needed more. I'm a big fan of pizza and this one is definitely one of my top fav's. If you're in Vegas, you definitely need to stop by.
4	Try it.   Don't expect traditional pizza as its not...but it's so good.  They have a nice happy hour while a little higher  priced on drinks then other places in the area.  But the staff is always great and friendly and the food is fabulous.   Try the Cal Italia pizza.
5	By far, my favorite pizza place in Vegas!  Not only does this place have a great vibe but the food is de-lish!  Definitely try the classic meat balls and the fried green beans are a no-brainer.  The Cal Italia 19 is runner up to the award winning Margherita - as in world pizza cup winner in Italy SO GET BOTH!
4	Been here a few times, each time I leave satisfied. They offer almost every variety pizza here and the ingredients are fresh. Good customer service, nice spot in downtown Vegas.
4	I had heard of this place but am not typically going to drive all the way downtown to try a new pizza place but we happened to be downtown on a Sat afternoon and drove by Pizza Rock and figured, why not give it a try.Glad we did. When walking in, the loud music piped in and around the entrance did give it that touristy feel but once you get inside, you could be anywhere in the suburbs. Downtown or not, it's very nice place...and much larger than I'd imagined. I thought it was just a place to grab a slice and go but it's got a nice menu of various pizza options, very nicely decorated inside, clean, comfortable and large! We had no issues with staff during our visit.Pizza was excellent. We had the 12 inch American classic cheese and that was enough for 2 people easy. Salad was fresh, not your basic iceberg lettuce either, but spinach and other greens.
5	Great food! Good Time!...Even Better service.We were in town to celibrate daughters graduation from UNLV. We told her we would take her wherever she wanted. She chose PIZZA ROCK....I have never been here before!. Waited a few minutes (on a busy Saturday Night) for three seats at the bar.I was overjoyed to discover they had MURPHY'S on tap.We ordered Cesar Salad (with the little fishies!), Pizza, Calzone, Clams and Pasta. (was a foodie mix!)...all were outstanding!!! Service was even better...a new Vegas fav.
5	Outstanding pizza and a great vibe.  There are so many pizza styles/choices it can seem overwhelming.  But, the friendly staff take the time to walk you through the menu.  Great service, too.
5	Tommy and his staff really rocked our big group of 18 folks with wonderful and attentive service and very good food!! We had several types of pizza (gluten free too which i heard was the best in Vegas), strombi, salads, spaghetti and meatballs, etc...everything was servered timely, friendly and most important HOT!!!Thanks Pizza Rock:}
1	They say your experience is only as good as your last; and unfortunately that's why I am writing about Pizza Rock right now. Honestly, hands down, some of the best pizza you'll find in Vegas. Probably have been here 5 times so far since I moved in October. Never any issues, food is good, service is decent, I always typically had a good time here.Tonight, my girlfriend and I went to a special event at the Mob Museum, and were looking forward to going to Pizza Rock all day. Again, it's one of our favorite places, and we figured we'd cap our night off with a great dinner.We went up to the hostess and were told there was a 10-15 minute wait. No problem! It's a busy place, we had no issues with that. Went over to Downtown Grand for a bit and after about 10 minutes, we received our text that our table was ready. We were sat in a tucked away place away from the bar and a few other tables.3 Minutes: "Wow that's strange, no one has come over here. They must be busy.5 minutes: "Hmm would be nice if someone would come by and say hello."8 minutes: *Looks at watch* "Wow it's been 8 minutes and no one has said a word. Wonder if we should track someone down.10 minutes: "I'm thinking of leaving. The waitress went to a table right next to us and left. We'll wait til 15.12 minutes: *Waitress again checks on another table in our area and proceeds to leave once again*15 minutes: "Okay, let's go somewhere else."VERY Disappointing. I can understand 5 minutes, maybe even 7-8. I felt we were being nice waiting up until the 15th. But once all that time goes by and a waitress has been in the serving area twice and a busser is setting up the table next to you for half of that time and not ONE word is said to you? VERY frustrating.To add onto that, I politely informed the waitress on our way out that we were not attended to once in our fifteen minutes in the restaurant. She asked us where we sat (Shouldn't she know?) and I politely informed her. She then said "Sorry". I understand hostesses don't need to be the brightest crayons in the box, but "Sorry"? That's it? A well trained staff would be taught at that point to inform the customer that they apologize, understand, and would like to inform a manager before we left. Instead I got "sorry".I can't even keep track of the number of people I've referred to this place because of the great pizza. However, At this point, I think I will start to explore some other pizza joints in town. Service is the most important facet of any restaurant. Today, Pizza rock failed, miserably.
5	Pizza by the slice... always amazing and hits the spot... and the slices are huge! I can never finish a whole one. There is normally the usual cheese or pepperoni, but in addition there are some amazing interesting combinations available at a minutes notice. We normally pickup a slice then go to the bar ,get a yummy beer(like Moose Drool) and sit at a table and sing along with the great music videos playing! Perfect end to a night of adventuring around Fremont street!
5	Awesome happy hour!  Unfortunately, I was too....tired...to remember what exactly the deals were or what the times were.  Oops.I know they have a happy hour that starts late night (10? maybe?), and the sign out front says happy hour is only during the week, but the menus say happy hour is every day, and they let us order happy hour stuff no problem.  I think a quart sized can of PBR was $3 or something ridiculous.The pizza was good, but nothing special.  Probably better than a lot of what you could get in the area though.Great service.  Several craft beers on tap.  Bloody Mary looked legit.
4	Pizza here was pretty tasty albeit a bit pricey. As a New Yorker I  used to paying high prices for just about everything but the pies were a bit steep even by my standards. With that being said, the pizza was actually very tasty. After a night of drinking and craziness it really was a great was to cap off the night. Service was quick and they were very accommodating. Id go back for another pizza.
4	We came to pizza rock for a fast informal meal before going to the Smith Center for a play. We were warned that parking might be a problem. But actually it's no problem at all since they validate parking at the Grand Hotel. On walking in, there is a very noisy vibe. Our server came over almost immediately to let us know that she was busy with other tables but she would be with us as soon as possible. Not a problem.The number of pizzas on the menu is somewhat intimidating for those of us here for the first time. We settled on a very thin crust Pizza that came out almost wafer thin with excellent cheese and toppings. We also got salads. The Caesar salad was truly outstanding. The garden salad was just above average. The only thing wrong with the meal is that they seated a young couple down next to us that were drunk out of their minds and ended up leaving without paying the bill. They also managed to spill water all over the table.I felt bad for our server who did nothing wrong, got stiffed for her tip, and had extra cleanup. Over all, very good pizza,  lots of choices on the pizza, and very good Caesar salad.
5	I do not know Tony Gemignani, except by reputation and have no affiliation with the restaurant.  After reading a couple of reviews I felt the need to rant.Unfortunately, many people who write reviews don't know food and are not that into food.  Their frame of reference is either limited or they really prefer the food the grew up with and think that's "the bomb" and nothing else is as good.Tony Gemignani is an 11 time world champion in pizza.  The first year he competed in Italy he swept the competition in all three categories, meaning he walked away with 3 gold medals, beating completion from Italy and all over the world.  So, obviously, the man knows pizza!!!!I had wanted to eat at one of his places for a few years, knowing his reputation, but they were all in central California, an area I never visit.  I was thrilled to learn that he was opening here in Vegas and ate there the end of October 2013.Everyone has an idea of what a crust should be like.  It's usually what they grew up eating, and anything else is lousy.  Tony has 3 ovens, a gas, an electric and a wood fired oven, all different temperatures.  The type of pie/crust you order determines which oven it will be cooked in.For me, a pizza nut, hands down the best crust I've ever had.  Nice crunch, air pockets, good chew and yet still light and airy.The quality is there on the toppings, cheese and sauce.  I did not eat anything else but the pizza so cannot comment on anything else on the menu.  I wish I could eat there twice a week.  You want terrific pizza?  Now you know where to go.
5	Back again and same great service as last time. Old Chicago, Margherita, and Cal Italia were all great and Tim M. was great with our large group.
4	I'm the type of person that likes to plan out my meals before I go away on a trip.  I also like to peruse daily deal sites to see whats new and different in the area.  I am so over the Las Vegas Buffets so when I saw a Living Social Deal for this place, I scooped it up.  It was 29.00 for any antipasta, any pizza( except the 33.00 NY pizza) and one beer.  I had an additional living social coupon so I paid 24.00.  We also don't drink so we got a soda instead.  We also got a Caesar salad( 10.00) instead of an antipasta.  That was no problem.  My wife is from Milwaukee, the home of the best cracker crust pizza, so that's what we ordered.  It was a very thin crust pizza, but I wouldn't call it a cracker crust.  It didn't have that "snap" that a cracker crust has.  Nevertheless, it was a good pizza and so large.  We took a lot of it home.  The cracker crust pizza is cut always cut in squares. I really love the concept, numerous different styles of pizza at one restaurant.  Next time, I'm going to try the margarita and the NY pizza.
4	I have been to this place 3 times...twice on a pub crawl and once for dinner (using a groupon deal). For the pub crawls, the moment you walk in, the smell is just absolutely amazing. Even if I wasn't hungry, it made me want to chow on some pizza. For the pub crawls, they have a great selection of beers on tap and the service at the bar is fast and they are friendly.  I love a quality pizza so I was happy to actually try it out. The deal included a beer, a pizza, and an appetizer. For our app, we tried out the calamari. It was quite a generous portion and they let us split it half and half, so we tried the traditional and the calabrese style. The calabrese style was very spicy! Enjoyed the app but the container for the marinara dipping sauce was far too small and not enough to go around. As far as for our pie, we decided on the Romana II and it is such a cool concept to have a pizza that is 3 in 1! That can sometimes be the challenge of trying to decide on a pizza. Especially because menu and the types of pizzas can also be a tad overwhelming when making a choice. The pizza was a thin crust style and it was delicious. I was happy to eat leftovers for two days! My reason for giving it 4 stars, dropping it down one for the service of one of the waitresses. She seemed to be judgey about my beer choice when she dropped off my beer. It's not like I had ordered bud light, sweetheart, it was still a craft beer and from a brewery I had never heard of. Then when some people walked in and took a table while the hostess was away from the desk, she copped a major attitude. If your hostess happens to not be there and someone walks in a grabs a table, be cool about it. No need to throw your hostess under the bus and complain to the patrons. It just leaves a bad taste in people's mouth and is completely unnecessary. I will say that the waitress that actually served us was very helpful and nice.
4	These guys have won me back! After a long hiatus, the fiance and I have been here twice recently. Our food both times was exceptional! We have collectively had the chorizo mussels, classic pepperoni pie, arugula and pancetta salad, and the Calabrese burger. All of the items far exceeded my expectations! Upon this visit, I shot away from my previous orders of the margarita pie. The several times that I had ordered the margarita, it arrived cold. The classic pepperoni pie was hot fresh delicious and nicely cheesy. The burger was cooked perfectly and with the peppers on the side was not too hot. The arugula and pancetta salad was simple yes inspired. The chorizo mussels were in a creamy sauce we couldn't help but mop up with our pizza crusts. Overall, I love this place! Great addition to the list of lunch spots in my hood.. 15% off your bill with a check in on Yelp! Don't forget to take a dessert calzone home with you.. it is amazing.
4	I had lunch here Thursday, May 29th. The three of us split the Cal Italia Pizza and Truffle fries. It was a great lunch experience! Our server Eileen was great and kept the drink refills coming. She made the pizza recommendation and it was spot on. I do plan a return trip as we were leaving every thing coming out of the kitchen looked marvelously. How about a YELP night? Who is in?
5	I ordered the burrata burger medium well, which comes with arugula, bacon and cheese, on pretzel bun. Also came with thruffle fries. The meat was a little bland maybe not enough seasoning or salt in the meat. Burger was well portioned that it was actually to big for me. I couldn't finish it. (That's how big it was) well as a first timer I need to come back here and try the pizza.
5	The pizza menu was extensive with a variety of different styles. Our pizza - the Cal Italia - was really spectacular. Perfect for two. We also got the fried artichokes, which were delicious. You get two deep fried artichoke quarters - they looked like chicken drumsticks - and a tasty dipping sauce. The arugula salad with pancetta, mozzarella and tomatoes was good, but definitely large and a bit much. Because the pizza came out before our salad, they comped it (salad) off our bill. They had great beer selections on tap (I had a 20 oz. Dogfish Head 90 minute and hubby had the Deschutes Fresh Squeezed IPA)  and a great happy hour (we weren't there for that though). Overall the service was excellent, but the ambiance is a little... Different. It's like a "dive bar" but it's intentional to align with the "rock music" theme.I would love to come back here.
5	By far the best pizza I have ever eaten!!! You know a place is good when you start salivating just thinking about it ;) I went with my husband and toddler for Sunday brunch and they had an awesome vibe with incredible food. We had a cheese plate, pear and Gorgonzola salad, and the classic New York pizza. I was in food heaven and seriously can't wait to go again!
5	I was out with friends last night for a Fremont Street pub crawl. After a few bars we were ready for something quick to eat. It's super fast and easy to walk in and get pizza by the slice at Pizza Rock, plus there was a large variety of slices to choose from. All of us loved our pizza slice choices.
4	Great spot outside the strip. Huge selection of pizza (among other things, but come here for the pizza!) options. I was lucky to come here with a large group so we ordered a wide array of pizzas for everyone to share. Every single one of them was reeeeally really good. I'm not sure if mouth watering is a way to describe pizza, but it works for me here. I recommend the margarita, Romana I & II, and most importantly the Frank Nitti. Pieces are split small and perfect for sharing and trying a few.yum!!
2	Eh...it was fine.We were hanging out watching the band outside the Downtown Grand and watched 395898 people get pizza here. I knew I remembered the name from Yelp and that it had pretty good reviews, so we decided to get a slice before heading up to our room.We stood in the Take Out line, 3 people in front of us and it took a really, really long time. However, the guy inside was seriously hustling, so it wasn't a lazy thing, more a ton of people eating inside thing. I really wanted a basic slice of cheese, but they were out so I went with pepperoni.Like I said above, eh..I thought it was a little too greasy, and nothing to write home about. I ate about a quarter and called it good. I think I would have liked the cheese better, but it's hard to say. Would I eat it again? Maybe, if it was late and there wasn't really anything else open. It was cheap, $3.75, so it had that going for it. I will say they had other, more interesting pizzas like a California and purple potato, so maybe those would have been better choices, but I think that maybe this place just isn't my cup of tea. I would say it is probably worth checking out and forming your own opinion though because between the 4-5 star reviews and how busy it was, a lot of people would disagree with my opinion on the place.
5	I was really craving pizza when i was in downtown LV and I happened to find pizza heaven in Pizza Rock! The slice i had was pepperoni sausage (my FAVORITE) what made it even better the slice was HUGE. It made me so happy and full. The people who worked there were so nice and had a sense of humor. I'd totally go back when i return to Vegas.
5	Wow!  Loved the happy hour menu!  We had a few drinks at a great price (not watered down at all like on the strip), meatballs for an appetizer, and two individual pizzas.  All were fantastic!  I had the Cal italia and thought it might be a bit "foo foo" for me...but noooo, I have been craving it ever since we left.  Can't wait for a return visit to what will become one of our favorite regular stops in Vegas.
5	Five stars, it was as good as pizza gets in my opinion, and I grew up in a pizza mecca in New Jersey.The sauce was great, perfectly cooked thin crispy crust, and the toppings on the New Yorker rocked. We will certainly be back!
5	Stumbled upon this pizza joint after having some drinks on Fremont so we decided to stop in. Parking is either is any of the garages or on the street which is metered except on Sundays and holidays.Our first encounter was a group of us ordering pizza by the slice at the entrance since the restaurant itself was closed (late night). It won us over for sure!Our second trip here we came for dinner and got to sit in the restaurant this time around. Very nicely decorated inside, tables galore! Bar is in the back of the restaurant surrounded by televisions everywhere. Bathroom was nice too.The service was great, we wanted to customize our pizza order a bit so our server pointed us in the right direction as to the type of pizza we were looking for so that it didn't cost us an arm and a leg. She was prompt at filling drinks as well!We were already sold on the Classic Pepperoni pizza from our first visit so we ordered that, the Boss 32 and the Classic Meatballs (a must try, the sauce is delicious)! Everything came out so fresh and hot! I thought it was cool that they carry 2 sized of bottled Coke. :)Some of their pizzas can get pricey but if you stick to the basics, it'll be fine!Great pizza joint! The classic pepperoni reminds me of pizza back home on the east coast! Give it a try!
5	***check-in and get 15% off your whole meal!***I found a deal on Living Social for $29 for 1 craft beer, 1 appetizer, and 1 pizza to share. It was well worth it!!  The total for this portion of our bill was $54!  When we walked in, this place had a nice vibe. The music was a great selection and it was the perfect volume.  We were sat near the bar, but asked to move, so we didn't have to sit on bar stool level table and chairs.  They were very accommodating and moved us no problem. Of course we all ordered beers.  They have a nice selection of drafts, and an even bigger selection of bottles. We ordered the SALUMI & FORMAGGIO BOARD for our appetizer. The menu describes it as - Assorted Salumi & Formaggio, Fig Jam, Spicy Candied Walnuts, Rosemary Focaccia Toast.  It was very good and is a nice bite for 2-4 people. Unfortunately, we were so hungry, I forgot to get a picture of it. :PThen for the pizza, we decided to get our money's worth of the coupon I had and ordered the biggest pizza we could.  LOL! We chose the Romano II. It was divided into three section with three different toppings. All three were delicious!  The pizza was thin and crispy and there were plenty of toppings and cheese. Here's how the menu describes it...section 1: Tomato Sauce, Natural Casing Pepperoni, Italian Sausage; section 2: Pesto, Caramelized Onions, Goat Cheese, Roasted Tomatoes, Garlic; section 3: Ricotta, Garlic, Basil, Linguisa, Piquante PeppersSection 1 was perfect for that typical man "meat lovers" pizza. Section 2 was unique with the sweetness of the Caramelized onions and saltiness of the goat cheese.  Section 3 was my favorite, even though I think they forgot the ricotta. I loved the sweetness of the Piquante Peppers (like a roasted red pepper), and the Linguisa is very similar to their pepperoni. During our meal the GM came over and asked us how we were enjoying it and even told us all about the business, from the encouragement of my Aussie friend. Would definitely go back and will!!!
5	This place was great. It's a nice gem in the bustle of Vegas - a place where the locals hang out. They have every type of pizza you can imagine and they are cooked uniquely to that type of pizza. We got the margherita pizza, which was cooked in the stone oven. AMAZING. highly recommend if you are in the downtown Vegas area.
5	Visiting Las Vegas but meeting up with a group of 15 friends (used to be a local)  we wanted a place to catch up and watch the Blackhawks...  Pizza Rock delivered, no reservations and on a Saturday night we were able to nestle around the bar (they had a table 20 minutes later but no need we found our sitting/standing situation made for an intimate yet fun atmosphere).  The noise level was perfect, great music playing but you could sing to a song but hear your pals.  Great cocktail menu and lots of different beers with attendees who look tough (I mean the place is called Pizza ROCK) with great customer service skills and able to keep up with our group and the bar.  The aps and pizzas were a treat!  we ordered a few aps and a few pizzas, all good!!!  I strongly recommend meeting up here with friends and start your night out!
4	Good pizza and great beer selection.  Nice salads and lots if GF and vegan options too.  Definitely worth checking out.
5	I've been here four or five times.  I eat the same thing every time; Pizza Margarita.  To be perfectly honest, it is the closest taste I have ever had to a pizza in Napoli (Naples, Italy).  WOW - AMAZING.  I know a lot of people like tons of toppings, but it is not the Italian way.  Simple, and delightful and oh the great flavor.The bar is nice serving a lot of micro brews, some on tap.  The whole place has a great vibe.  I do a lot of business in downtown Vegas, and I go here whenever I'm in town.
5	One of the best spots in downtown! We had Pizza Rock two nights in a row. Definitely coming back in August!
5	Thank you so much for your prompt reply in addressing my concerns, Trevor. We will come back to Pizza Rock and try again next time we're in Vegas.
3	Pizza Rock Pizza Rock. I am torn. Certain ambiance elements were cool, others reminded me of the old Planet Hollywood restaurant level of cheesy. Had the Cal Italia pizza. I enjoyed the offbeat sweet/tangy/salty take on traditional pizza. This pizza is for the curious and adventurous. It was good, and I'm glad I tried it but now it's checked off the list, I wouldn't order this as my standard.Some at out table were into just plain old good pizza, so we also ordered the Chicago Crisp Michigan Ave. It was well received. The thin crust was great!The service was off. They were changing shifts, so our server introduced the new server. Then we never saw him again until we hunted him down for the check. The first server kept serving us until that point, so it was just weird. I could kind of tell she was supposed to be off work by that point because our service went from awesome when we were sat, to not so awesome after she introduced our new server and then he never came back. So, yeah, disorganized would be a good word for it.One thing I loved? The MUSIC! When Downtown, I'd go again to try a beer and the Margherita pizza at some point, or maybe just another one of those Otter Pop Cocktails (yummy) to hang & listen to music.  Other than that, I will stick with my favorite local coal fired place close to home.
4	I have only been here for the happy hour menu, and OMG so worth it!  If you can get in there early, the service is fast.  The meatballs, garlic bread, and the personal pizza offered for happy hour are AMAZING.  Can't wait to go back.
5	I came here today with a huge group and we got about 6 different pizzas. All I can say... Is wow. Seriously such a variety and every SINGLE pizza I tried was delicious!I can't wait to come back, I love the variety of pizzas! So many different styles and kinds!
5	Really good pizzas here. They'll deliver to the hotel next door (The Downtown Grand), mot sure if they'll deliver elsewhere
5	excellent pizza. great atmosphere and the two most amazing bartenders in downtown vegas. please ask for erin n ashley the dynamic duo at pizza rock!
5	Quite possibly the best pizza I've had in Vegas!  Although it's a little on the thin side for my tastes, the flavors compensate well for the lack of crust thickness.  I've been here 3 times now and each and every time it's better and better! First time was after some event on Fremont I believe, we were starving and my friend and I checked it out. We had the artichoke one and it was amazing!  The two other times I've been here, are just for slices when passing by. I've had the pepperoni and the cheese ones and they're huge slices!  Super tasty, just watch for some oil/grease dripping off... This pizza is so good, my friend accidentally dropper hers on the street, when we came back later in the evening it was gone...someone must have picked it up and ate it. It's THAT good!
5	Best Pizza Ever!! I love the Margarita, the downtown, the meatballs and the fried green beans. I Love Sunday brunch as well. Service is always on point. Very friendly staff. Great atmosphere. Great beer selection!
5	My penis was so erected when I heard and read about this fine family establishment. I must say your pies were on point. Had the Napoli margarita and the new york coal brick. Both pies were perfect in every way and must say you are my fav pizza place in the US. I've eaten at the best on the east coast and Arizona and this place puts them all away. Also they perfect every style of pie you can imagine from NY street style to sicilia! ! will come back tomorrow!  :D
3	We came here on a Thursday evening and ordered 1. Calamari Fritti, 13- Traditional or Calabrese style with calabrese aioli and marinara dipping sauces 2. American  Original - Downtown, 20 - Mozzarella, pepperoni, molinari salami, bacon, sahhlots, mushrooms, red onions, bell peppers, black olives, Italian sausage, cherry tomatoes3. Soda, Unlimited refills, 3for 7 (Used the Living Social Deal - $29 for $8 beer, Antipasti, and pizza (excludes NY22")- Parking is pretty lame. We tried Binions because they have Free Parking with validation, but they took out the validation next the cashiers! Fail. So there practically isn't anymore free parking on the strip. You gotta eat at their restaurant or actively gamble. $8 for 1.5hrs. Shiet...- Got in around 9pm, seated in a few minutes. Sat in the back, next to the bar, right next to a speaker, great place to have a screaming conversation.- Ran out of Sicilian Style dough. Just our luck. "Just served the last one 15 min ago." I guess if we came earlier, we wouldn't have had to deal with that problem. We actually wanted to order The Boss pizza instead because the crust is thicker with Sicilian Style. I'm not much of a fan of "the potato chip like pizza" or should I say thin crust. haha -Because we sat next to a speaker, our server, Chelsei, couldn't really hear us over the music. After several AHEM, excuse meess....one of them got through, and she handed us utensils and napkins after we got our antipasti. Who eats calamari with a fork and towel anyway? haha. come on now...Anyway, she was very good at drink refills and attentive thereafter. - The calamari was great. We got it half and half. I recommend it bc after I ate a few spicy, i needed to balance it out with one regular. Spicy one or Calabrese style tasted better. Chelsei hooked it up with dat extra dip doe. haha. Needed that for the extra dunkers na mmm saying. LOL. - The downtown was fresh. Loved the cherry tomatoes, so red. 6 slices. didn't like the uncooked onions. peeled off. Wood fire pizza nom! Break down of the Living Social deal...- So if you choose the most expensive Antipasti, which is  the Calamari at $13 and the most expensive pizza, Romana, at $35, get the beer $8, then technically, you can get the saving at 48%. - I probably should have just saved the deal for another day and just used the Yelp Check-in Promo of 15% off.
5	******* BEST PIZZA IN LAS VEGAS ********Came here after The Mob Museum, we had a part of five and had a nice booth/table in back. We started off with some house salad, and gorgonzola and apple they were good But the Gorgonzola fries WOW!!!!!! Rosemary and Garlic Fries!!! Even my 3 year old loved them! Great for sharing and nibbling before the pizza gets here! Now for the Main event! The Pizza We stuck to the classic half pep half cheese and that blew our taste buds away the others must be Amazing and cannot wait to come back to try the rest! I would drive all the way here from Centennial to get this pizza... It's that good! They have thick and thin pizza! The sauce is so flavorful, you can taste the time that went into this. The cheese bubbly, fresh, hot! The dough crispy yummy! Sooooooooo good! Service is great and detailed! Gelato is a perfect sweet ending to this flavorful meal!  We will be back and will be spreading the word!
5	Been here twice now. last time I split the Guinness Stout Pizza with a friend. AMAZing pizza. The texture of the crust and combos of the flavors on the palette are incredible. If you love real pizza this is your place. Despite seeming like a really hip downtown place they are really accommodating for my two year old son. (Despite some ignorant patrons who I heard mumble as I walked by, "OHH F*ck they sit kids near us." and think all kids in restaurants cry mine does not) The staff is really friendly and helpful in choosing a pizza to your tastes. Also it doesn't hurt they have actual good beer here too.
1	I was not impressed with this place. I love going downtown and I was hoping this would be my new hang out but their pizza was less than tasty and horrible customer service! They are pretty pricey for pizza that taste like card board.
2	I've been to this place 5 times I believe, 3 of the times my order "ticket" was somehow lost and I had to wait well over an hour for my food, one of the times it just never came, I paid for my drinks and left. I've had the gluten free pizza, it's terrible, but to be fair, gluten free food blows. I've had a burger, it was only OK, again to be fair, it's a pizza joint and I couldn't ask them to make legit burger. The fries where good tho.I've had a personal cheese pizza, but I was drunk and all I remember was my stomach ache the next morning. My latest visit was to watch game 1 of the NBA finals, a game in which this place showed, but didn't play the sound for, it was the game lebron was having cramps due to the a/c being broken in san antonio, but I didn't know that's what was happening, I thought something was seriously wrong with america's best current athlete. Regardless, that night a friend of mine and myself got 2 pizzas. The crispy Chicago thincrust w/pepperoni and a regular cheese, both were OK, but for the boasting and carrying on by this place puts out there and the ridiculously price, it was substandard pizza and I can't see myself every going back for a meal, unless someone else is treating. I've given this place too many chances. Also, my stomach was ruined for the next 2 days. I have a philosophy when it comes to pizza, if you do it right, you don't need all the bells and whistles. This place has an enormous menu, too many styles of pizza, I have a tip for pizza rock, get good at making one kind first, it's a clear over compensation. Finally, the people here are all very nice and they do have a $5, 32oz. pbr, which is only $3 dollars during happy hour, but with that said, they have destroyed the beautiful simplicity of good pizza and also the hopes of a great downtown pizza shop.
4	Good location for downtown and has a pretty good dining area. Easiest place to park would be the Grand Hotel however generally there's a wait for valet there. Pizza rock will validate your valet ticket. I ordered the New Yorker pizza at $23. Was the pizza worth $23? Add a couple sodas and tax its $35 dollar pizza. It was a little pricey but the pizza itself is good and they don't skimp on good ingredients. So at the end of this review I have to tell you it was a good experience just know that its not cheap.
3	excellent but expensive pizza.  impersonal cavernous sports bar atmosphere.  bar service was lazy.
4	This is a fun place to go.  The service is great.  And the pizza is good.  You can tell the ingredients are high quality.  I've had the Award Winning Margherita Pizza, which was outstanding (it could have used a few more minutes in the oven, but the taste was incredible).  However, the New Haven Style Pizza is no where near what they serve at Frank Pepe's or Roseland Apizza in the New Haven, CT area.  It's not even close.  But the taste and quality of it was good.  Not the best I've ever had, but very good.
5	Downtown Las Vegas and top notch pizza. We have been here twice now. They have a great happy hour and good yelp discounts. We had the Michigan and Margharita pizzas. Fried Calamari to start. They have a great wine selection and outstanding craft beer list. It can be a little loud with music but it is called pizza ROCK. good group areas. The staff id quick and know their stuff. If it's the weekend either come early or make a reservation. It id off the main Fremont area but easy to access. As a Vegas Lifer it is nice to see what Downtown has become. Check this place out it will not disappoint.
5	Pizza Rock is YUMMY! Love the location in downtown! Great food! Great Service! You will not be disappointed!
3	bottom of my pizza was good. margherita pizza was delicious but crust was burnt
5	We visited Pizza Rock for Father's Day since pizza is the Mr.'s favorite thing ever, I can take or leave pizza for the most part, but this is easily my favorite pizza joint now.  We started with the fried green beans which were garlicky perfection.  Our newly vegetarianish teenager ordered the Brooklyn Calzone and was thrilled to have enough for lunch the next day.  We split a Cal Italia and it's easy to see why it was Food Network some sort of challenge Gold Medal Winner: Asiago, Mozzarella, Imported Gorgonzola, Sweet Fig Preserve, Prosciutto di Parma, Parmigiano-Reggiano, and a Balsamic Reduction.  Perfection!  They also have a great sangria that I could've drank pitchers of if I wasn't the designated driver that day.
2	I finally went back after trying the first time and experiencing such bad service I left.....everybody deserves a second chance. I tried the famous limited margarita pizza. It was soggy & burned. I get the flavors of a little char on a pizza but the burned flavor over dominated the tasty cheese and sauce. It was very underwhelming. And the toppings just fall off when you pick up a slice and it's like a wet paper towel. Others in my group of 5 all felt the same way. So it wasn't just me. I didn't get why this was highly acclaimed. Maybe I got a bad one? The New Yorker pizza was really good though. I don't know that I'd go back for it. The Inconsistent service and menu makes me hesitant. I give them 2 stars because the New Yorker was tasty but I just can't recommend this place. Really wanted to like it as the reviews were so great.
2	Not impressed with the food. The food really lacked seasoning and taste.
5	Love it, one of the best pizzas we ever had in Vegas. service is good and atmosphere is very cool
4	Yum...   Just yum...   let me just say...   its hard to mess up pizza, but hard to make it great....      Not the best but it was good...   very good...   and the place is a lot of fun with the TVs playing a bunch of fun and funny clips...    Take a date...   youll never run out of things to talk about.
5	I can't remember where I got them, but I had a few free pizza coupons laying around.  I think maybe it was from a Yelp event?  Well I finally had a chance to stop by this location downtown.I'm not the biggest fan of pizza in general, but boy was this slice good!  The guy at the counter rattled off the ingredients for all the pizzas they had.  When I heard spicy come out of his mouth I said "that one."  A few minutes later I was handed a HUGE slice of pizza with a crispy crust along with a bunch of different kinds of meats, ricotta cheese, banana peppers, and who knows what else.  I could taste every flavor and was really tempted to get another slice.I'm totally blanking on the name of the guy working, but he was super friendly and told me he was usually there as he "has a cot in the back."  lol nice.  I'll be back next time I'm in downtown!
5	Pizza rock has a great happy hour from 3-6, Mon-fri. Cheap, well made pizza for $5 and a good selection of booze behind the bar.
5	Great pizza jusr like Tonys in San Francisco.  Same owner as Tonys n Capos in SF.  Happy hour is great in Vegas.
5	This place is hands down one of if not the best pizza spot in Vegas. Meatballs, mudpie, apps, don't get me started. Staff is super friendly & on point. Come experience it yourself. Ok, back to eating I go...
5	Great pizza, drinks, environment, and the mudslide dessert is a must try! My favorite pizza was the margherita pizza was thin and flavorful... To die for!
4	I am not a pizza fan at all.  But I just started working downtown and was wandering around at lunch and wondering what to get for lunch that wasn't casino priced.  I remember a few friends talking about Pizza Rock and on my wandering I came upon Pizza Rock so I decided to take a look.  I went up to the take out counter and like another review said the man behind the counter listed off all the types of pizza's and their ingredients.  Well, not being a brave soul I got the Pepperoni only slice, it was HUGE.  I added a dash of hot peppers and parmesan cheese (Only $4.05 with tax!!!)and started to walk back to work, but the smell got me and I had to take a bite.  Oh my it was good, the wood fire stove taste was there and the sauce was rich and the cheese gooey and I was sold.  Because the slice was so big I did something else I never do, I saved the rest for the next days lunch.  I put it in the toaster oven for a couple of minutes and yep! as good as it was yesterday.   I am so happy I started working downtown just for Pizza Rocks!  I plan on having my meet-up group meet there for lunch one day soon!
5	Food was great, wish it was closer.  We had a Chicago pizza a little pricey though, $23 for a 16" pizza
2	Went there 07/12/2014, before a 51's game. Ordered mac and cheese for my daughter, which she liked and a burger for myself. The burger was obviously frozen, it came out dry and hard. No time to complain as the food took almost 20 minutes to arrive and we had a ballgame to go to. I would hate to be there when it is busy, i imagine the wait time for food could be much longer.Service could have been better, But waitress was nice. If a pizza place is going to serve burgers, they should be decent. MIne was terrible, i would not go back
5	Service can sometimes be a miss but the food is delicious and the manager is awesome so 5+ star worth! Can't wait for it to be open on my neck of the woods! For parking, just park in the hotel across the way and get your voucher stamped at the casino!
4	Finally! I finally got the chance to see what Pizza Rock was all about! And yep, it indeed rocks! I am very sad that I didn't have an opportunity to try the meatballs, but that just means I'll have to return for them.The restaurant wasn't very crowded on Saturday night around 10:30, and we were seated right away. Our server was friendly and attentive (even though I could tell that he was slightly irritated by my indecisive and tipsy companion). I appreciated that he never let the smile leave his face, though! We had a few drinks, the Rosemary Garlic fries,  and split the Honey Pie pizza. The fries were delicious, but they do not skimp on the garlic, so be forewarned! The Honey Pie pizza would have been great on its own, but my companion insisted on adding spicy  sausage to it. Although tasty, this overwhelmed the flavor of the pizza. It probably would have been good with just regular sausage. The best part about Pizza Rock is the ambiance! They were playing really fun (and funny) videos on the tv screens all around the restaurant. The volume was loud enough to feel festive, but not so loud that you couldn't hear a conversation. Rock On, Pizza Rock!
4	I was in town for work and my co-worker had read about this place being voted the best pizza in Vegas by the locals from some magazine of sorts so we decided to check it out on our way to Fremont Street.  Very glad we came by!  HUGE selection of pizzas, I had a tough decision deciding but we went with the New Yorker, and I got a side salad.  There was plenty for both of us to share, my co-worker ended up eating the vast majority of the pizza...but it was gone by the time we left and we both were quite happy.  The server was attentive, friendly and knew a lot about the beers, especially local beers which we had expressed an interest in.  Next time I'm in town I will definitely come by again and try a different pizza!
4	Food and service were very good.  Had the meatballs app and Chicago pizza and it was all very tasty.  But...I find it pretty crazy overpriced.  It was good, but not THAT good in my book.  I'd def consider returning if they dropped prices about 30%.
4	We had the meatballs and thin crust personal pizza.  Great happy hour. Clean, upscale, upbeat music(Rock). Craft beers and big tvs. Not a good place to watch sports unless you are ok with no sound.
5	The pizza here is Great! I live New York style pizza and there is no pizza shops out here in Vegas that compares to Pizza Rock!
4	I stopped by here before a baseball game one night since I work downtown. It was happy hour and they had a few good options for that. I saw in some reviews the service here was rude but during my visit everyone was nice. They seated us quickly, they served us quickly and were all very friendly. Some interesting selections of pizza. Mine was very fresh, very tasty. Beer prices were a bit expensive even for happy hour but otherwise a nice experience over all.
5	The pizza is so good.  The atmosphere is fun and not super loud.  Some people think it's a tourist trap I don't know why they think that but either way the food is really good definitely worth the trip!
5	This is hands down the best gluten free pizza I've ever had, and I'm so bummed that I don't live in town to be able to come back here more often. We had the Downtown 20, and it was phenomenal. It was pricey ($25 for a 6 slice pie), but we did get a gourmet gluten free pizza, and the Yelp coupon helped bring that down. I liked the decor and music... we came at the start of happy hour on a Friday and the place was fairly empty. Even though I can't drink beer anymore, I appreciated the good selection of craft beers, and they even had cider on draft for me! Yay! This place is so good, I might end up making a special trip to DLV next time I'm vacationing on the strip.
3	Their food was pretty good! They have happy hour specials on personal pizza, $5 and their meatballs were very tasty. The ambiance was nice as well. I would definitely go back!
4	We read the positive reviews and tried Pizza Rock during our recent visit to Las Vegas and we're not disappointed.  So, if you are in the area, you must make it a point to go there.   The pizza does indeed ROCK!Our waiter was fast and courteous and the food arrived promptly.  No complaints here.
5	I was wowed by the food and ambiance. First of all I love that they text you when your table is ready so you can gamble at a nearby casino while you wait. It's a fun, casual environment. It's quite loud, which I liked, and they played music videos for the diners to enjoy. If you want to enjoy a quiet dinner, this is NOT the spot for you! Very fun for 20-30 somethings and I assume that is their target audience as most of the music videos were from the 90's. As for the food, the pizza is amazing. We ordered the Downtown pizza (good for 2-3 people) and it's the perfect style for people who liked everything on their pizza. Love the premium toppings! Yummy and great prices!
4	I cant get enough of this place!!  best pizza ever!!!  sat at the bar this time.only 4 stars cause they were out of lone star beer. cant wait till the one in green valley ranch opens!!!
1	1 star because the food was good, but everything else was terrible. First thing they tell us after we made a reservation was that we had a certain amount of time before we had to leave because of the amount of reservations they had that night. Are you kidding me? Servers looked miserable. Kinda slammed our plates down, turned right around and walked away. Even other people that were helping the server didn't seem friendly at all. We felt like they hated that we were even there. Service was slow. I will definitely never come back. I know they probably don't even care. But I hope it gets better for whoever else goes here. Seems like it has awesome reviews but come on.. why did good customer service go out the window lately..
4	We finally got to try Pizza Rock and very happy we did! We didn't sit inside the restaurant, even though it was happy hour, because we were under a time crunch, so we sat at the pizza counter and got to watch them make pizza.We were "dough eyed" patrons hoping for a real NYC pizza experience and boy did we get it! The counter and pizza window were a great entry into the really nice restaurant area. The staff seemed friendly enough.We ordered 2 pepperoni and sausage slices that just seemed right. The slices were huge and had that wonderful authentic pizza aroma with not a lot of grease. The crust was thin yet chewy and held up to being picked up and eaten. The cheese held on and didn't slide off with a bite, the sauce was the right amount and fresh. Toppings were spread on evenly and the pepperoni had the crispy edges. We watched him make another pizza and carefully distributed the toppings evenly across while telling us the secret to their great pizza...semolina flour and imported Italian tomatoes. Pizza Rock is proof that you don't have to go to NY for great pizza.So happy Pizza Rock will also be at Green Valley Ranch!
4	Pizza Rock reminds me of why pizza joints used to be more prevalent.  Good atmosphere, fun music videos playing and definitely good pizza (better than Radio City Pizza).  I tried the New Yorker, which was great, and I've heard the Tomato Pie is perfectly simple pizza.  Great place for happy hour or just chillin with friends.
4	Great NY style pizza ate here a few times when I was staying close by and will return even though I live in a different neighborhood.
4	Really good REAL pizza!!!  I totally appreciate the unique combos and out of box thinking that goes on here!!  The crust has great fresh flavors, and the ingredients used are very clever!  I will definitely come back the next time were in Vegas!!!  My only gripe would be that it's not necessarily my type of restaurant, but the pizza is so good that I don't really care.  That's why I'm giving the 4 star.
4	This is my new fave restaurant in Vegas!! The vibe of this place is SO MUCH FUN! Especially on Fri and Sat nights, they have a DJ that plays videos on the TV screens and he plays music mash ups and funny movie clips. So great.Now on to the food. We had to order a pizza, obviously. We ordered a Sicilian style Peperoni pizza with the thicker crust and it was perfect. Cooked just right with plenty of cheese and serves up to 5 people! We had 4 in our party and had so much left over so I think it could prob feed more depending on how many slices each one has. Our server wasn't too bad. But, she wasn't the greatest either. There was times that our salad plates were left on our table a little too long and we couldn't fit the pizza and the other plates so kind of annoying.But, other than that, I loved this place! Great vibe and great for the downtown area (right next to Fremont Street). Definitely recommend.Oh yeah, and there is also a pick up window too in the front if you don't want to eat in the restaurant :)
5	The food is amazing. No question. The service...meh. 15 minutes to close means theyre closed. Wouldnt let us in. But it's awesome food.
5	HOLY GODS OF PIZZA. If you have not had the Cal Italia, then slap yourself. I'm pretty sure I've had dreams about it.This place is located downtown, it's right across the street from the Fremont Experience, and it's got half of a semi-truck inside of it. It's Rock-n-Roll-y decor is festive but don't let the cheesiness of it steer you away. We've only tried two of their pizzas but they have literally been the best we've ever had. My boyfriend LOVES pizza. That's an understatement. If he had to choose between eating pizza and breathing, well...... Anyway, he ordered a simple pepperoni pizza and he was speechless. He tried my Cal Italia and again.....no words. Seriously. Just go here.*side note: I ordered my Cal Italia with everything on it but I did ask them to thin it out for me a little. They were happy to, no judgment, and it came out perfectly!Also, we got the Garlic Green Bean appetizer (i'd skip it and just leave more room for the pizza) & for dessert we ordered their Tiramisu. Definitely leave room for this one!
5	Look, I'm going to keep this short and brief. I'm from Chicago where I only eat pizza from (look up deep dish.) I'm here visiting Vegas and on my last day I happen to stumble across this joint. With that being said, I now have a place for delicious pie in Sin City, you won't be disappointed, trust me
5	Great food, great service. They were really busy but we got our food fast. Definitely a great choice if you are in the area.
5	We went on a Saturday at about 5 p.m. There was a small group of people there. The wait staff were friendly and attentive. We ordered the fried green beans which were very good-lots of garlic and sea salt. Also ordered the thin crust pizza, it was tasty with sliced meat balls and ricotta cheese. We would go back again.
2	I had high hopes when we decided to eat here last night since everyone has said it was delicious. Sadly we were beyond disappointed.  It took our server 15 minutes to greet us, my iced tea had very little ice in it, my father ordered a bottled beer and got Draft instead, I bit into a large piece of plastic in our fried calamari and all I got was a "sorry" from our server, it wasn't taken off our bill nor did a manager even stop by. And to top it all off the pizza was sadly disappointing and extremely overpriced. I wouldn't recommend pizza rock to anyone.
4	Pizza rock had a really cool atmosphere with even better music. Walked in and Rancid was playing, gotta love any place that calls itself rock and doesn't play Nickelback or one of those talentless bands.Anyhow on to the food. We ordered a lot of food seeing that we were having a bachelor party dinner. So we ordered two New Yorkers and a downtown. The downtown had a ton of peppers, onions, cherry tomatoes and sausage. Have to say it was some of the best pie I've had outside the east coast.Surprisingly great beer selections, double IPAS down to Hamms. 8 guys ate and had a few beers for 240 bucks. Not bad at all and well worth it.
2	Pizza was just ok and the live music was horrible and annoying. I will definitely skip this place next trip.
5	Best pizza I've ever had, and my girlfriend's eyes roll back into her head when she takes a bite of their margherita pizza. She may love this pizza more than me.  Been there twice, and I'm pretty sure we'll be eating there every trip we take to Vegas. We've tried 4 different pies, and all were amazing.
3	I've now been a few more times in the afternoon or early evening, before the music is really cranked up.  While still not my favorite pizza, it's ok, and the ambience much more tolerable.  One thin slice of pepperoni pie I got for takeout was very good but a veggie companion came out much thicker and dull.  I noticed a branch is opening at GVR casino right next to the slot machines...that's going to be one loud joint later on.
5	This is definitely not a typical pizza place- if you just want a plain traditional pizza, go somewhere else.  So far I've tried three different pizzas, and each one is better than the next.  Must try:~Honey Pie- savory pizza with honey on it- trust me!~Romana III Pizza- this one is a mix of a proscuitto and tomato, ground beef, and NUTELLA- all on a different third of the pizza.  The ingredients don't touch, so don't be grossed out.  The Nutella/Gorgonzola is life altering good.  You have to ask for extra nutella on it. ~Salumi and Formaggio Board- you can build your own sandwich. Good but not amazing:~Caesar salad- comes with whole anchovies on top, and kind of pricey considering it's just a caesar salad.~Meatball appetizer- skip it and just save room for the honey pie. Other: Sometimes does Groupon deals, and no more valet parking in front.  You can park in the Grand's garage that's kitty corner, and they validate parking.
3	So I've been here two times in the last week. First time we made reservations because we tried going before and the wait time was a hour. Sat at a table once and at the bar the second time. On our 2nd visit the bartender was very friendly but our waiter at the table was not. Music was really good. The food is really good! Just need to work on the over all experience.
5	As a Las Vegas local, Pizza Rock has become our favorite pizza place. We always sit at the bar.  The bartenders are great, and very knowledgeable about the menu. Kate is fabulous!!!! Be sure to ask for her at the bar! The spicy calamari and margherita pizza are our favorites, but we usually try something new as well. Great beer selection!
5	Not kidding:  the BEST pizza I've ever had.  Consistently good.  Had the New Yorker and the Downtowner.  The NY is the bomb!  I'll dream about this pizza when I go home!
5	my daughter came into town and i put her up at the D.  we hung around the fremont street experience and when she got hungry, i googled "gluten free" restaurants and lo and behold, pizza rock came up because of their gluten free selections.  and it was just around the corner so we could walk there.we arrived and we loved the ambiance.  our greeter was friendly and the waiter was prompt.  we just missed the drink special by minutes and i was kinda disappointed the waiter didn't bend the rules for us as most restaurants have done in the past if we happen to make it just after the cut off time.  my daughter was happy to see a vegetarian gluten free pizza so we ordered that one.  the waiter was very polite, but not exactly friendly.our drinks were served promptly and we waited for the pizza while admiring the decor, including a huge truck cab next to our table.  there was a bit of a wait but we didn't mind as we were catching up with each other.  right about the time i had the thought that this was taking longer than it should, the waiter comes over and says that there was a problem with our order, and we could have a free appetizer while they cooked us up another pizza.  i thought that was very generous and we opted for the fried green beans.OHMYGAWD!  these were AMAZING and i am drooling as i type this. seriously, if you like green beans, you have GOT to try these.as we were happily crunching on these pieces of joy  in between occasional moans of absolute contentment, the manager or owner came over, introduced himself, apologized, asked us if we liked our green beans (which should have been obvious as our eyes were practically rolling in our heads) and then proceeded to tell us that the entire meal would be comped except our alcoholic drinks.WOW!  we were happy to hear that, obviously. me especially as i had just spent a small fortune on having a great vegas time with my daughter!  and while we continued to wait, he kept us interested in his experience with micro brewed beers and gluten free beer much to the delight of my daughter, who is a connoisseur, and then he proceeded to tell us the interesting story of how pizza rock came to be.  our pizza finally arrived and he discreetly left, and once again my mouth waters as i type this.i never thought i would be a fan of gluten free pizza but this was absolutely delicious.  and i come from chicago, where chicago style pizza is a delicacy.  all in all, i am giving this place 5 stars because of the excellent food, and how a manager or owner took what could have been a negative experience and turned it into a fun and memorable evening out with my daughter.  that is a skill, and an art!  we will be back!
4	I have been here a few times and the overall experience had been great.  Mostly because the pizza is amazing. My tip is if you're eating in a smaller group then try to eat at the pizza bar upfront where they sell pizza by the slice.  You can order a slice of everything instead of just getting one big pizza when you sit inside the restaurant. But seriously.  The pizza is amazing.
5	"This might be the greatest pizza place I've ever been to." -Dutch Boyd My boyfriend loves this place. I am glad I took him. We had the Sam Giancana pizza. The sausage was like nothing I had ever had. Such a delightful taste. The atmosphere was relaxed with several screens with sports on. I think this place would be really fun to watch the game. The pizza are pretty large, I think 3 people would be happy with ordering just one. They also have appetizers and desserts, but we didn't get to try them this trip. The have a Happy hour menu too, but I forget the times. If you are downtown and have a craving for pizza check this place out, you won't regret it.
4	Rock, rock, pizza rock! Brooklyn calzone and a glass of vino! #fagedaboutit
5	This place is a block down from Freemont street, and it is so good.  We had the Calimari, a flat bread pizza (Chicago style), a calzone, ceasars salad, and 4 drinks and the bill was like $50.  The pizza was GREAT.  I had to go back two nights later.  The service was really good.  Friendly people and fast service.  The waitress, Harmony, was terrific.  She was willing to explain the menu and then even customize your order for you.  She said to let everyone know they are opening a new branch in Henderson where she will be transferring to.  If you like pizza, you should definitely try it.  They also have a walk up window/bar where you can order by the slice if you don't want to sit inside.
1	Stopped in for lunch last week.  The pizza is gross, SO GREASY it was not funny.  They do have large pieces but the quality is horrible.
4	Our party of 6 enjoyed the New Yorker, the Downtown, and the Old Chicago. 3 different styles, there was something for everyone!  Come in a group so you can try a variety. Everyone had a different favorite but mine was the Old Chicago, thin crust and slices of meatball and cheeses. Yum!The live singer was outstanding.
5	The pizza here is fantastic. The atmosphere is good. Nice for big parties, or just for a few. Families OK too. Last visit I tried the Picante pizza, says it's spicy, but wasn't really that spicy, but Very Good! Service was very good also. I'll be back.
4	Ordered an Old  Chicago style cracker thin pizza cooked in a brick oven. The pie had tomato sauce, mozzarella, provolone, sliced meat ball, garlic, ricotta, romano and oregano.It was the first time I ever found a true Chicago pizza outside Chitown. The four different cheeses blended phenomenal together. Each slice had a small ball of ricotta on top that melts in your mouth.Reasonably priced with a great craft beer list.
5	It's all good! Happy hour is excellent. Truffle oil fries. Meatballs. Pizza. Sangria. Tim C, is excellent.
2	We tried the Margherita, New Yorker, and Cal Italia.  Personally, I like the antipasti classic meatballs.  The service was poor at best.  I realize it was packed so they don't get one more star taken off.  We never had water without asking and when we did ask they ignored us.  What really cost them points is seeing others come in after us get their pizza before us.  Our 7 year old was already done with her Mac and Cheese before they came to check on us, only to realize we hadn't eaten.It wouldn't have been so bad if we weren't there for a birthday dinner.  The manager was sent over, he apologized and said he would put in a rush and make something special.  Well all the pizzas came out burnt.  The rock hard crust had me gasping for air or water to wash it down only when I reached for the water... you guessed it, I didn't have any.One last chance, happy birthday song...  Nope they were too busy.   When it came time for the check they chraged us for an apple juice which should have come with the kids menu.  Live and learn.
5	Pizza Rock is OFF THE CHART great pizza.  Anytime I'm anywhere near Downtown Vegas, I suggest it as our dining choice.My favorite pizza by far is the Sausage and Stout pizza -- it was introduced around St. Patrick's Day last March and hadn't been printed on the menu the last time I was in (mid-July) - but I'm hoping it has now.  Absolutely amazing.My next fave is the Honey Pie - it's the perfect combination of sweet and hot with a mixture of honey and peppers...really good if you like a little kick in your mouth after a bite.My friends ordered the Tomato Pie on our last visit (not being as adventurous for spice as I am) and it was also great -- very traditionally Italian tasting.I've also had the mac & cheese, fried green beans and garlic bread on other visits...so I can highly recommend those.  I wish I could recommend other items, but I love the above three so much that they're all I can ever bring myself to order!Really looking forward to the opening of the next restaurant in Green Valley because it's about 15 miles closer to my house!
5	Good pizza. . Server Brad was great. .. from Seattle and appreciated the environment. . Good job guys!
4	Great place to grab a piece of pizza downtown!  We didn't go into the actual restaurant and order off menu but instead elected to sit at counter and choose slices out of the window (we were starving and can never agree on one pizza topping anyway).  The cooks were nice, the pizza was good and we all left full off our one enormous slice of pie.   Would definitely go back.
2	This is now my second run-in with pizza made (or rather associated with) Tony Gemignani. He's well known in San Francisco for being a world pizza champion and owner of Tony's Pizza Napoletana. My first experience consisted of a long wait, which was all I could recall. I guess the pizza was less than memorable. A local B-list celebrity chef opening a spruced up rock-themed pizza joint in Vegas? Why do I have a feeling this is a setup for failure. It's just a feeling. First, the good. I like the concept of offering different styles of pizza made from different oven types. They are very temperature specific ranging from the hottest wood-fired oven, an electric brick oven, and down to a gas brick oven. The Cal Italia, made from the latter oven was a winner for me. It was also crowned the winner of the Food Network Pizza Champions Challenge. The crust was perfect - lightly crispy on top with a mostly chewy consistency. The sweet fig preserve and balsamic reduction paired with the prosciutto and parmigiano-reggiano was a home run. The bad. The menu is way too large. I tried the burrata burger, which was awfully salty with the bacon mixed into the patty. I could barely taste any of the burrata due to the over seasoning. The meatballs and truffle fries were average.The ugly. The margherita, the supposed World Pizza Cup winner, was burnt to the point where we had to ask the waitress to return it. I know my pizza and the occasional blistering of the crust, but this was beyond that. It was black all around as well as burnt black flour underneath. All I could taste was the bitterness of the charred crust and of regret. A wood fire pizza cannot sit in a 900 degree oven very long. The saving grace was a very apologetic and helpful waitress. I like the large space and the fact that there's a big rig in the middle of the restaurant, but the atmosphere cannot entice me to return. For a city that prides itself on offering free parking in most places, the downtown parking situation was abysmal. Street parking was minimal and most of the offerings around Pizza Rock were at one of the local hotels that offered valet (free only with validation). Oh, I also happened to use the restroom before leaving and witnessed a guy vomiting and retching profusely in the stall next to me. To be fair, I cannot say if it was from the food or the alcohol. Let's just leave it at that.
2	I finally checked out the burrata burger (kobe, burrata, arugla) at Pizza Rock. It got a very high rating from that fraud who runs the Vegas Burger Website. I should've known better than to trust that guy's judgment.In one word: forgettable.In more than one word: dry, short on flavor, unbalanced, and the bun was a touch stale.Bottom line: This is an overpriced, and overpraised burger.Compared to the less expensive, and infinitely better burgers at Fat Choy and Rollin' Smoke, the Pizza Rock burger is a non-starter. So I didn't finish it.
5	Best pizza in TOWN!!!! Such a great atmosphere, great service and the pizza is THE BEST IN THIS WORLD!!!!! I always order Chicago style, so yummy!!! I had my birthday there and got a Sangria, soooo good!!! I highly recommend this restaurant, so happy they are opening one at Green Valley Ranch Cassino! :D
4	We come for the meatballs!! Delicious, the sauce is fantastic!  The selection of beers on tap is great & pretty cheap during happy hour. HH is 3-6p M-F & 10-closing daily...awesome!!
4	this place makes me feel like a badass while I eat bomb pizza! lol the rosemary garlic fries have a very strong garlic taste, which I like.we got half original, half spicy for the calamari... but it was way too spicy for me :( still tasted good, just too spicy.the crust on the pizza is so damn great. if you're eating a pizza & don't eat the crust, there is something wrong with you & i will never be your friend.
4	I've had the pleasure of dining at Pizza Rock quite a few times and for the most part they are pretty good. They are a bit on the pricey side and service can be spotty, but the food is always on point and delivered hot and fresh to your table. The interior is pretty cool, it is large and open, there is even a semi-truck on the inside!I'm a big fan of the Old Chicago pizza, the meatballs are delicious and the fresh ricotta is creamy and melts in your mouth. The Cal-Italia is an interesting choice if you are in the mood for something a bit sweet. All of the ingredients work really well together, despite sounding a bit odd. I've also tried the Burrata burger and while it was a good burger I think that Burrata is too delicate to melt on a burger. It's a cheese that you need to eat alone to really appreciate the flavor. I've also had their meatball sub and while I wasn't a huge fan of the bun, the meatballs were flavorful and delicious. The rosemary and sea salt garlic fries are a pretty good side as well.They also have a counter right inside the door where you can grab a quick slice. I've spent many lunch breaks perched at the counter with a slice. Again, it's a bit pricey, but the slices are huge and you can try a variety of toppings. I think that Pizza Rock is a great addition to downtown. It's great for big groups and it's nice to have an artisan pizza restaurant within walking distance from work.
5	I had the pleasure of taking my girl out to eat at this wonderful place! It was definitely the highlight of our friday night. Such a fun atmosphere, Our server Ryan was awesome! Friendly, outgoing, and so fast! Our food came at just the right moments! The food is off the charts!! We had gorgonzola fries that were out of this world and calamari that was crispy and mouthwatering. I must say the pizza was perfectly cooked and possibly one of the best i've eaten. We finished our meal with a scrumptious cookie gelato that hit the spot! With all that being said we'll definitely be back again soon!!!
5	I have been hearing about their Sunday brunch for awhile now and finally got to go check it out today and it was AWESOME! Got a seat near the bar area and was surprised to see that they actually had live entertainment during brunch and they ROCKED!Ordered from the special brunch menu and of course got the unlimited sangria and the quail egg pizza. Sangria was good and after a couple I was feeling great! The pizza is absolutely delicious, enjoyed every bite!This is a really cool place to go for an alternative type Sunday brunch setting, the food is Great, the drinks are priced right and the live acoustic guys that were playing really added to the Pizza "ROCK" experience, playing great songs from a lot of different genres!I will definitely be back with friends to party on Sunday afternoons!
5	The Michigan pizza is our favorite! They only use the best ingredients and boy does it show! After you have pizza here you'll be so spoiled that no other place will compare. Maddy provides the best service, her knowledge of the menu and beer selection is spot on and makes everything that much better.
5	YUM! I love Pizza Rock! Definitely one of my favorite pizza places.The restaurant's atmosphere is cool - they have TVs everywhere and are usually playing awesome music + music videos. My only complaint would be that the music can be too loud sometimes, making it hard to talk to whoever you're with. But when you're munching on some of the best pizza, who has time to talk? I always intend to try more of their pizzas, but I can't ever pull myself away from the Cal Italia. It is so delicious! We also always get an order of meatballs. They're super tender and the sauce is great. The sangria is also pretty freakin' good. No complaints about their service. Even when we've come in and they were super busy, the staff has always been attentive and friendly.
5	Food, atmosphere and service all excellent. Try the Chicago pizza as an entree. Rosemary fries are delicious. Ryan was our server and he was awesome. My first time here and ill deff be back. Thank u to pizza rock for a delightful night out. They'll hopefully have their GVR location open soon.
4	Pizza Rock gets the job done if I am craving a good slice. I waited to write this because I've had multiple different experiences here. First being a Yelp Elite event, then again a few times with friends and family. Overall, I'd say I go with four stars because no matter what small dilemma, the food has pretty much always been on point.Usually there is a wait. I have had both fast service and super slow service. The variety of items is what I like. You have a ton of types of pizza. All with fresh handmade dough and only the finest ingredients. The meatballs and garlic fries are both solid appetizers. If you like calzone, the one here is worth trying. Maybe its the newer popularity of the downtown craze bringing in more tourist, but I would hope for better customer service from the host stand. PS- Try anything with New York, NY, or New Yorker in the title.
4	How deceiving is the decor in this place? Pizza Rock on the inside gives off the Guy Fieri/ Affliction look. Over-the-top designs and trying really hard to be the cool "rock-n-roll" type place to eat pizza. I didn't really notice that much "rocking" decor except for in the bathroom, where an airbrushed Jimi Hendrix face stares at you while you do your business. Don't forget the giant Semi Truck with killer flames on it placed in the middle of the restaurant. Nothing says, "Rock-N-Roll" like a truck with flames bro.  That being said, the food here was actually very good. I arrived right before happy hour was ending and the bartender was cool enough to get in my food and double my beer order so I could get the happy hour prices. Great customer service move, plus she never rushed me and even gave pizza suggestions while I hungrily stared at the large menu. "I'll have the Cal Italia Personal Pizza and the Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA". Mmmm, IPA. Along with my order, I also got a Caesar Salad which was pretty basic minus the anchovies laid on top, yikes! Not my idea of appetizing, but "when in Rome" or "Pizza Rock" do as they do?...Naw...these were promptly picked off and placed on the side. The salad was very large and could easily have been a meal all on it's own or shared. Crisp lettuce, shaved parmesan, and garlic croutons, great foodie starting point. The pizzaI I ordered, The Cal Italia, is an award winning pie according to their menu, in fact it's a Gold Medal Winner from the Food Network Pizza Champions Challenge. How's that for a stamp of approval!This pizza was very tasty from the three different types of cheeses, balsamic reduction, and sweet fig preserves. This crazy combination only got more delightful with the addition of thinly sliced Prosciutto di Parma, B-O-M-B. There were only four slices of this pizza, but I could have easily eaten eight. The beer just complimented my eating experience, thank goodness I had two in front of me. The Guy Fieri style decor might turn-off your hunger, but as the old saying goes, "don't judge a book by its cover, only by how tasty its pages are". I might have made that last part up.
5	So many choices, but glad we tried the Michigan Ave (Chicago thin crust). Great service, great beer list.  Totally worth going to downtown Las Vegas for Pizza Rock.
5	Thin crust pizza is fabulous. The atmosphere is great, service wonderful and the pizza is to die for.
4	I really enjoy Pizza Rock's lunch time happy hour. $5 personal pizzas, meatballs, etc from 3-5 pm! Service is pretty good as well. Dinner service is a little loud for my liking though, I was seated right next to a blasting TV screen which made conversating pretty difficult. The food was always delicious though. I will definitely be returning for happy hours!
5	Great music great pizza and great service and great  craft beer lots of TVs and a fun places to bring friends and family  the only place with craft beer in downtown Las Vegas
4	The pizza at Pizza Rock is delicious. The recipes they come up with are very unique. I would like to see them include vegan cheese options for those of us who are vegan or lactose intolerant. We all love pizza and all love sharing pizza with friends, so having that option available would make these otherwise delicious pizza pies even more appealing. More and more upscale pizzerias are doing it, so it would be great if Pizza Rock would as well.
5	Pizza Rock is by far my favorite pizza place in Las Vegas! Their gluten free pizza is amazing and delicious and I always get peperoni and mushrooms on the gluten free crust. The bartenders are amazing and the service is always exceptional.
5	Pizza was great, staff was knowledgeable and as friendly and quick as could be. I definitely recommend!!
5	My guy took me to Pizza Rock for dinner one night and it was staggeringly tasty pizza. Our server Ryan told us about their  Sunday brunch. I was intrigued. Pizza for the halfway point between breakfast and lunch?! When we sat down, our server serendipitously happened to be Ryan again. I ordered The Mexicana and my bf tried The Scramble. They were delectable! Pizza Rock is definitely going to be our regular pizza spot!
5	I've never heard of this place prior to this past Friday night. We were invited to celebrate a 21st birthday so off we went to meet everyone here.This place has been compared to New York style pizza which I can't really comment on since I've never had it. What I can say is that this place is definitely a fun experience. When you walk in, you're greeted with the pizza bar where you can watch your pizza getting made. You can ask to get seated or seat yourself at the bar. They have this really great deal on late night happy hour after 10pm which is AMAZING. My boyfriend and I ordered truffle fries, some Molinari pizza, and I ordered a coconut drink that resembled a mojito ~ relish.We sat ran in front of the big screen at the bar which plays music videos and in between features scenes from various movies. The place is very chill and I see myself coming back for dinner whenever I'm craving pizza and I'm in the downtown area.
4	Mmmmm Pizza Rock! Let me start with normally I'm not a huge pizza person. My husband Joel on the other hand could eat pizza everyday and be perfectly happy. So when our friends Dyanna and Brent suggested pizza for our dinner out one Saturday night I knew Joel would be down! Since it was Saturday night we had to wait 45 minutes. The hostess were nice, but could have given a little more instruction. They said that they'd text me when our table was ready, but the only text I got was one saying we should head to the hostess stand and wait. Which we did for 15 more minutes. Finally, we were seated. It was a hot night so we ordered lots of water. If your feeling like something other then water they have a fully stocked bar too. Plus, real Mexican Cokes! Now, let's talk pizza! They have so many! I love that with the description they tell you the degree that they cook the pizza at. From traditional to the unique they have it. Dyanna and I both ordered a side salad and they ordered a New Yorker and we ordered the Cali Italia. Wow! I really enjoyed the salad dressing which was a super garlicky and creamy vinaigrette. Our Cali Italia pizza had a lot of cheeses, sweet fig preserves, prosciutto and a balsamic reduction. It had that total savory, salty and sweet thing going on. A must try if your looking for something non traditional. Dyanna and Brent's pizza was very classic and Joel could not stop talking about it! The atmosphere, once seated, had a fun rock n roll vibe! Flat screen TVs are all around the restaurant which play old school music videos. Yay! They even have a huge truck in the middle of the place that is the  DJ booth. Along the walls are other rooms that give u some privacy if you have a large group. Perfect for a bachelor or bachelorette party. Pizza Rock has some tasty pizza. It's been on my mind since we went. Make sure if your going on the weekend you call ahead for a reservation. Also, check Yelp for 15% off your check when you check in. (Make sure you inform your waitress.)Parking can be hard in this area of downtown. I suggest using the Downtown Grand valet. You can park for free and get it validated at the hostess stand at Pizza Rock. Follow these few tips and your experience at Pizza Rock really will rock!
5	We inhaled the food! It was Labor Day weekend so the place was packed. Food still came out fast and delicious. Our server was great too. I also loved all the big flat screens without the sports bar vibe.
5	You need to come here! This pizza is delicious and the service is great. We visited on a Sunday to have dinner with friends. They had gone the day before and absolutely had to go back ( that says tons in itself). We were not drinking so we had Las Vegas Coolers which were refreshing and not overwhelmingly sweet. We decided on the New Yorker and the Frank Nitti. The Nitti has thin crispy crust with just the right amount of sauce and cheese. The spinach had good flavor and texture. The ricotta was the perfect touch. The way it was baked was perfect! The ingredients were balanced to let you taste everything on the pizza and not focus on one ingredient particularly. The New Yorker lived up to its name. The crust was a little thicker and had a great consistency. What stuck me was the sausage. Such a distinct fresh flavor!!! Amazing... The sauce to cheese ratio was perfect. The meats were all delicious and generous throughout the pie. Come here tell your friends to come here!!! I never say that in reviews but the food and service most definitely warrant. Next trip to Vegas will definitely include this pizza.
1	Pizza was great service not so much. Took 20 mins to get refills and beers. Asked for ketchup 3 times, finally got it when I got up and went to kitchen.  Asked about the 100 degree free corona and it was 103 outside, the manager said sorry it's 93. I checked weather.com and noaa site. Wow don't advertise if u can't stick to it. The best part was when we got the bill it was processed within 5 minutes, that was the fastest service the whole night. Been here every time we are in vegas but may seek another establishment since the female manager Sunday night was extremely rude. I even visit the Sacramento location since I'm close to them.
5	Great food and drinks! They serve authentic pizza with a flare of rock music, with music videos playing throughout the restaurant. Average price.
5	Really Loved this pizza spot.Very clean, Excellent customer service and delicious gourmet style pizza.I had the veggie and it was great with fresh veggies.The ambiance was cool as they have a decked out semi truck front end truck inside; very cool!The bar is great also; made my drink perfect!!! (WhiteRussian)Would Defiantly come back.Located downtown near 4queens, D, Fremont casino.
5	Been here many times since Feb! Awesome food and great workers! Come here often even though it's far for me.  I can't wait for the Green Valley Pizza Rock to open as GVR is much closer to my home :) definitely worth the trip though.
5	Got the boss pizza! Best pizza I've had in Vegas! Super fluffy and very tasty! Will definitely come back!
5	The food was fantastic! We had Italian sausage mac-n-cheese and the pizza margherita. The portions were generous and the prices were  right. We'll definitely come back and we'll be bringing friends with.P.S. This is a great place to watch football!
3	The food is really great. It always has been. The only problem is service. Every time we've asked for an extra item or a side we always have to ask twice.
5	This place is amazing.  The best meatballs I have EVER had!  The muscles appetizer was off the hook. I can't complain about a single thing. The server was friendly, informative, and attentive. I will be back here for sure. Pizza is great, and the choices are many.  Manager Tommy was great on giving background on the place and sister locations. All I can say is Pizza Rock rocks!!!!
5	Yelp reviewers Are not lying about the Gorgonzola fries. If you're a cheese lover, Melt in your mouth amazingly heavenly if that even makes sense. Service is awesome, inviting and friendly. Location is great, too because it's right next to Fremont Street, where you can walk on over for beer munchies, and even continue the beer binging with their excellent selection of craft beers. Will be visiting again !
4	Pretty Good. Check out Broadway Pizza on Rancho. The pizza there is much better. However I would come back for lunch. Our waitress was AWSOME! 5 STARS FOR HER. WE HAD pepperoni. And had mearballs. And salad all were pretty good.
5	I have been waiting for this place to open.  This is Some of the best pizza I've ever had.  Theres so many options on the style and flavor you can get.  The garlic rosemary fries were delicious, seasoned perfectly. Great service.  Pizza was cooked perfectly.  I like NY style thin crust and this gives Grimaldis a run for its money.  Can't wait to go back.  I will be a regular when the GVR casino location opens.  Great Happy hour also from 3-6 .
4	It was pretty good! The drinks could use a tad more booze for the price! The meat alls are awesome
3	This place is probably worthy of 4 stars, but we went in a group of about 30 so it's hard to know. Their beer is SO expensive. We got the Verdura pizza which was good, but the onions were supposed to be carmelized and came out raw on the pizza, which I wasn't crazy about. I probably won't try it again.
4	I wanted to try some pizza in las vegas and Pizza Rock was conviently located just off the Fremont Experience. All i wanted was a slice or two but the smallest pie that they have is really for 2-3 people. None of the wait staff mentioned that you could get pizza by slice at the front counter. Other than that it was great. There was live music and service was prompt and attentive. The pizza was good but not excellent. It had a decent crust that was crisp and just thick enough to hold the cheese without being a mess. The cheese was a bit salty and little firm, so you didnt get that nice gooie cheese one would expect. I would eat again but i will continue to look for a better slice in vegas.
5	Great food! The service was fantastic as well. I'm proud to say I'm a Vegas local and I absolutely love my city. This place made me fall in love all over again. :) I will be back soon.
5	Well I think I found the best Pizza In Vegas, so good New York New Haven pepperoni pizza outstanding the pepperoni unbelievable the service is spot on, great place  you need to come here we will be back.
4	This place was a great find just north of the Fremont Street Experience.The pizza is well crafted with fresh products and and is sure to please.Our server was attentive and knew the the ins and outs of all the menu items.Great beer selection with a great vibe.Try it you will like it.
5	I give this a five because they deserve it.  It's downtown and you just do not get this in downtown!  Service was great, price point is perfect and service was great!  If you are visiting this is a must!  I live here and I am defiantly a foody!  I have eaten all over this town and if your a local please defiantly make the effort to this place.  I read lots of messages on yelp wondering if they give 5 stars on some of the restaurants on here because they come from friends or workers of the place because when I visit some places they are very far away from the reviews read.  I can say I am no friend of anyone's here but I will soon be a regular.  It really was great!  To top everything off great place to watch football or any sport favorite.
5	We came here for a private event and it was off the hook!!!The food was amazing and they even have a gluten free crust that tastes good.  Most pizza places that say they have a gluten free crust it still tastes like cardboard but not here, the food is amazing...The spread they put out for our party there was no end to the food.  Cold Cuts, pasta, salad, pizza, all endless.I have been here once before and the food is amazing, the prices are little higher then your standard pizza place however, the quality of the ingredients used are WAY above the quality of a normal place.I really like this place and very excited they are opening one up closer to my house in the Ranch.If you have never been to this place, you need to definitely venture either downtown or wait for the one to open in Green Valley Ranch and try this place, you will not be disappointed.  One of the best pizza places I have been to in a while.
4	Best Margherita pizza in Vegas. I had an awesome Burger that was just the right spicy. Calabrese I think.  Inexpensive craft beers on tap. I highly recommend it, very friendly waitress, Harmony, made some great suggestions.
4	Love love loved pizza rock! It's inOld town by the grand hotel. Was in town for work and checked it out on recommendation fromCoworker. Try it, you won't be disappointed. Only negative, the TVs were way too loud!!
5	I didn't think I would enjoy Pizza Rock...but my god is this good pizza. Every pizza I try is delicious. The salads are amazing too. And the truffle fries, don't get me started. The employees here are all very friendly and helpful when it comes to deciding on what you want to try. Service is quick and efficient. Sadly on weekend nights it can be a bit loud, but that's to be expected. They offer countertop eating and take out so you do have options if you don't want to eat inside. The decor is a bit random, but the food is great. One thing that I don't like is that they charge 50 cents for a side of ranch. If I'm paying $12+ for a salad I shouldn't have to pay for sides of ranch. Other than that no complaints! If you love pizza, you must try this place :)
3	I had a slice of pepperoni at the pizza counter.  It was a generous sized portion.  The pizza once doctored with some red pepper tasted ok.  Not gross but nothing special.  My one complaint is that there was a pool of grease on top of the pizza.  I'm not one of those women who pat the grease off the top of my pizza but I actually turned my slice and poured some grease off.  Yes I said poured.
4	The pizza here is delicious. But it is owned by an international pizza champ so no wonder! My boyfriend and I went on a pizza tour/date of all the pizza spots downtown and this place was definitely on our top. The vegetarian pizza is soooo good. And the guys there are always so quick, attentive and friendly. I always get a slice here after a night of downtown shenanigans.
4	Awesome food , but little pricey !! Best buck is to get slices instead of a huge pie!! But OMG sooooo good!!
5	Owner personally replied to my review so I am bumping this up to a 5 star. Check them out
4	Went here on a Friday night with a group of 6 friends after very briefly doing the Fremont-Tourist-Thing. I had been dying to give this place a try since, after living in Chicago for 5 years, Vegas pizza had sucked balls, on the whole. We ordered the Cal Italia, and the Old Chicago, because fuck yes Chicago Cracker Crust. We also ordered a third pizza that never showed, but was only briefly missed. The other two were so wonderful...I almost don't have anything to say because, yeah, perfect pizza. Perfect. Crust, perfect. Sauces, perfect. Balance, ridiculously perfect. Ugh, I want some right now.Waitress was awesome; attentive, informative, helpful, and not hovering, and the place was packed, so I do not hold the missing pie (which we were never charged for, either) against anyone. Super kind to one of my tourist friends, whose accent makes her pronunciation of things like "prosciutto" a source of embarrassment quite often. We felt utterly welcome and had a truly happiness-enducing meal. My only gripe was the noise level, which was pitched just above "easy conversation" range. That's to be expected at Fremont on a Friday, but not my bag. Will try it on a different night to see if the levels change.It's a little on the pricey side for pizza, but I find I really don't care. It's so good I am happy to pay a little bit extra for pizza I truly enjoy. I will just go all Rhett Butler on my budget and remind it I don't give a damn. It's cheap for actually sating the Great Pizza itch. My favorite pizza in Vegas, so far by miles. That cracker crust. Yessss. Will be back as soon and as often as I can manage.
4	Had the opportunity to visit this fine establishment on two occasions during a recent trip to the big LV.  Both visits proved to be satisfying. The first visit was at about 11pm on a Wednesday night after a few hours taking in the public spectacle that is the Freemont Street Experience.  We were looking for something quick and easy. That is precisely what we got. They sell by the slice all day, but at that point in the evening, you get what you get & you don't throw a fit.   But what we got was a nice thin crust with plenty of yummy toppings.  Our second visit was a dinner party with approximately 35 people. There were multiple pizzas ordered, so I tried three. The pizza that stood out for me is their Cal Italia (I now know this is a gold medal winner on The Food Network pizza challenge). Oh my!!  If you go - you MUST try a slice of this one.Only reason I didn't give a 5-star rating is because the service for our big group was a bit lack luster. We waited too long for drinks & refill. The food, however, is 5-stars all the way.
5	Pizza Rock deserves 5 stars for the customer service alone. A group of friends and I stopped in for lunch and ordered 2 salads and 2 pizzas (margherita and NY style). Our salads and the pizza margherita came out first and we devoured everything. On a side note, only a certain number of margherita pizzas are prepared each day so make sure to come early and order one!Approximately 15 minutes after our food came out, the manager of the restaurant personally came to our table to inform us that our NY pizza was accidentally dropped off at another table. He apologized and offered it to us for FREE. As if that weren't generous enough, he also gave us a FREE order of meatballs. The crazy part is, our NY pizza arrived at our table a few minutes later and we never would have even noticed the mistake. I'm not sure how many other restaurants offer such wonderful service but Pizza Rock definitely deserves 5 stars.
5	I love pizza rock soo much and I would eat here everyday of I could. They serve some amazing pie.  Best pizza in Vegas.
4	I've been to the one in Sacramento a handful of times when I'm there for conferences. I was happy to bring my family here for our trip to Downtown. It seemed more pricey than I remembered, but I think that was just based on our choice. I do not recommend the large pizza they say serves 6. It's 6 slices for $40 of a basic pizza. Stick to the slices in this case. You can split most of the pizzas there with one other person, especially if you split an app too. We'll definitely do this again next time we go in.Oh, the wait was about an hour. We explored the Fremont Street Experience during that time and we were greeted with a phone call from Pizza Rock when our table was ready. They waited ten minutes for us to walk over and were happy to hold the table. Great service! Also, Lone Star is on their beer menu. The National Beer of Texas!
4	Great pizza in a new fresh environment. Really is a refreshing to see the upcoming scene downtown have such a great new staple. Even here they are going to revamp one of the restaurants in GVR to be a pizza rock as well. Looking forward to see how they fair.
5	If I could give more than 5 stars, I would! This place is the best. It's only the 2nd time we're visiting..but wow!! Great food, amazing service.  We had Amanda L. As our server, she's a rock star. We had the spicy calamari and just a regular pepperoni pizza. But it was still good. The crust is thin and crunchy...hmmm. Can't wait to come back!
4	This place has the Bomb green beans.  This actually has turned into a spot for hubby and I to go to when we want to cruise the downtown scene.  I highly recommend you get here before everyone gets off work, because like any other downtown metor area, parking will be limited.  Ambiance is what you should expect, dark/dim lighting, loud music, and crowded.  Not too big of a deal because you will be so busy concentrating on demolishing your food any way.  We have only been here 2 times and we have yet to try so many options here.  There are so many different pizza combos to try, that you better bet we are coming back to eventually try it all.   The combinations of flavors that they put on their pizza is awesome.  Don't be afraid to add more protein...it might add that added Yum to your pizza.  Whats important to me when I eat a pizza, its the crispiness of the crust.  Thats exactly what you get, a nice crispy pizza. This place is a must try!
1	Over priced for what it is! Got charged their gratuity for a large party even thou person in my party didn't eat. Rip off
4	Closer to 3.5I visited Pizza Rock for lunch at the recommendation of one of the tour guides at the Mob Museum. (There's a discount with admission). Its an incredibly spacious restaurant with lots of different pizza options. I ordered the highly recommended margherita pizza and the 3 meatball appetizer. This was (WAY) more than enough food for one person. I was really pleased with the meatballs. They were tender, meaty and swimming in a great red sauce. The pizza was not my favorite. It edge crust had a nice char, but the center was slightly underdone (and a bit cold). I will preface this by saying the the mozzarella, fresh basil and the bright tomato sauce were all perfect. Also, I know that this pizza is not meant to be crisp, but the center was distinctly uncooked. Being the slob that I am, i just cut off the corner of each slice and enjoyed the rest. My server seemed a bit distracted, but was prompt and helpful. Overall, a good lunch.
5	Thoroughly pleased with this restaurant. My friend is gluten free and they accommodated without a problem. I have a sensitivity to garlic and onions which makes it hard for me to even have pizza anywhere because all red sauces have garlic/onion in them. We were able to eat pizza still and not feel left out. I would definitely go back. Don't forget the happy hour there. You get a great sized pizza for a pretty great price. Very allergy friendly!
3	My wife and I went to a play in downtown Las Vegas.  I had been to Pizza Rock for two Yelp events and I decided to come back for a quick dinner and try some more of their good things.We started with an order of three meatballs.  They were very good and the tomato sauce was great.  I took the serving spoon and ate some of the leftover sauce like soup.For our main course, we opted to split a Stromboli. We got the Romano's Original 1950.  It had cheeses, pepperoni, sausage, and sweet peppers.  The crust was thin which is a plus but the interior was missing some filling.  The sausage and pepperoni was meager.  There was a lot of cheese inside and the Stromboli was good.We were pressed for time.  Our server, Shani, knowing this, brought our check before we were done so paying and getting to our show was easy.  In fact, we arrived at the show 15 minutes early.A big criticism I have is the LOUD, LOUD music.  At 6:15, they cranked up the volume to just one decibel under now you have to shout to be heard.  Is this really necessary?  When I checked their website, I got the same blast of music and I learned to mute my computer before looking at their site.  Too bad we didn't have a volume control at the table.I may be back, but if I do return, it will be at an earlier hour when they have lower music--I hope.
4	The Skinny: awesome happy hour however the regular dinner items were only okay (3.5) service: pretty good for a pizza joint although it wasn't particularly busy when we went (4) value: amazing happy hour for the price while regular dining is a bit pricey for what it is (3.5 round up to a 4 starred review).Note about the Parking: do not go inside the Casino for validated parking. Just park in the The Grand self-parking lot across the street and the hostess at Pizza Rock will give you a sticker to put on your parking ticket for free parking. Score!After visiting twice, I have decided I do like Pizza Rock.The first visit for dinner, I wasn't terribly impressed. We ordered the old Chicago cracker thin crust pizza and a house salad. The old Chicago pizza was okay but nothing I needed to order again. Specifically, the crust is very burnt on the edges of the pizza which was off-putting. Although the sausage/pepperoni/ricotta cheese combination was good, the pizza felt that it was missing something... like a hit of mushroom to kind of unify all the flavors. It was a bit greasy as well.The house salad is rather small with a very generic tasting balsamic dressing on top. For $6, I'd pass on this.Enticed by the happy hour prices, we decided hit this joint again. We ordered the personal pizza sized Molinari and the Cal Italia for $7 each and tried the fried green beans for $3 and fried calamari for $5.The green beans were pretty good. They are not fried per se but sauteed lightly with a lot of garlic. For those who are watching their waistlines, the amount of oil on the bottom of the bowl is intimidating however. For $3, the serving size is quite generous.The fried calamari was delicious! The calamari was soft and tender while the breading was appropriately on the lighter side. Portion size was rather large. You can get this dish in either the spicy version/non-spicy version or even half and half. Personally, I found the spicy version to be a little too strong for my tastes so I'll stick to the regular version.The pizza crust was very good - slightly chewy with a nice crispy bottom which was a good change from the burnt crust on their ol' Chicago.For me, the Cal Italia was only okay - a bit too sweet due to the figs and balsamic reduction and needs a bit more of the gorgonzola and proscuitto to balance things out. I almost wished they hadn't reduced the balsamic vinegar to retain a bit more of the acidity to the dish.The Molinari was a great old school pizza - it's basically what they call Everybody's Favourite back home in Canada (Sausage and Mushroom). The crust and sauce was great and everything just went well together. Some may think that it is a little greasy (which it is - no doubt) but that comes with the territory when you serve  3 types of sausage on a pizza. So good and totally guilty pleasure.Overall, this joint has a lot going for it - the variety on the menu is good and the happy hour deals are excellent. Although some of the items are hit or miss, the Molinari and fried calamari will have me coming back for sure. Service is good if you are going during off peak hours/days (we went Happy Hour during the week and Sunday evening at 5:30pm). Overall 3.5 starred review with a bump up to 4.
5	My sisters all live in Vegas, so on our most recent visit, my wife and I came here with my siblings to try it out. I have to say it's some of the best pizza I've ever had. It has a very cool vibe, the customer service is excellent and of course, the most important part, the pizza is DELICIOUS! One of my sisters works here now so hopefully next time I come out I can get a discount! :D Definitely stop by if you're visiting and looking for some delicious pizza at a great price!
4	Pizza rock is great place to grab a slice and go, or eat it.  Right across from the grand, which isn't far off Fremont.   The decor is great as well as the service.  I love that they have a full sized peter-built truck in dining room. Although I've notice some difference between the dine in pizza kitchen and guys that do carry out, the Guys in the front who make the carry out slices, do a better job then guys in main pizza kitchen.  What's cool is you can have different styles of pizza cooked in different ovens, 900, 750 and 550 degree.  I had a 900 degree pie, which they sell as authentic Italian, that wasn't so good, the server removed it without a hassle. Which was awesome, the fact it's a 900 wood cooked pizza , it should have had some  charring with a varying degree of soupiness in the center.  however the line between charred and burnt is very fine. To me it was burnt, but some of the dough was a little under cooked. This is a tough call here so im not going to knock the rock. I'll be back no doubt , just sticking with the 550 degree American pizza.
5	Service was great. Very helpfull for ordering. Meatballs were great as was the pizza.
4	Our party of 8 tried Pizza rock on a Friday night- Had a bit of a long wait - but we were not in any rush- Table was ready about the time said- The atmosphere is Rock  for sure- Live dj  playing music-We all ordered different items from menu-Salads are fresh and tasty  and pizzas were outstanding-Pizza Rock is a great find- (For some reason I wasn't feeling the volume of the music- just too loud for me that night- but its cool, I can and will return.. and be prepared for the volume.Great night and food was had by all in our group -service was fantastic!
4	4 1/2 stars. Arrived into town and made Pizza Rock my first stop. It was a Sunday so parking was free on the street.Heart the decor and the service from the entire staff. Sat at a table by the bar and enjoyed the live music along with the NFL games on 5 different big screens. During Sunday brunch Pizza Rock is offers unlimited mimosas for $10.00 per person when a brunch entree is ordered. I opted for a Belgium Blond beer which paired great with the Cali pizza which consists of quail eggs and pork cheek. The pizza dough was thin, light and cooked in a wood burning 900 degrees pizza oven so it only took minutes to receive.BTW Pizza Rock offers Happy Hour daily and reverse happy hour with discounted prices on appetizers and beverages. I would recommend stopping in if you're in the area.
3	Delivery is not really an option....great pizza, huge fan, but when I live 2 miles away and can't get delivery when it's advertised, why even say delivery....apparently it's only within walking distance from the place and only to 4 casinos...
5	Dang it! I forgot to use the online coupon. Nonetheless, this pizza was AWESOME. LOVED the ambiance, the service, and especially the pizza. Ordered the Downtown (had all the toppings I love), but I was sincerely tempted to order one of the ginormous slices (hmmm...maybe I'll come back tomorrow). Great food!
5	This place is delicious!We were here a week or so ago and had amazing service and fabulous food. We ordered one of the pizzas that is three pizzas in one (one long pizza). First it was tomatoes, mozzarella, some arugula and small pieces of Parmesan. Very good!  Up next was the two or three kinds of meat that was again amazing. The final one was Apple, walnuts, figs and Gorgonzola cheese with a Nutella drizzle. It was really good!  The crust was my favorite. Not crunchy but not super thick. I will be back and hopefully try everything on the menu!!
3	Good food, but we waited a very long time for our food.  The table next to us was empty for the first 30 minutes of our wait.  They got their food shortly after we did.We had the brunch, they had the pizza.  This looks like a great place for families and pizza.
5	The pizza is called, The Downtown", but should read, "Awesome". A symphony on the taste buds. The servers are so nice & informative!!! What a shame we don't live in town or we'd defiantly come back! Oh well leaves one with e need to visit again! Yumolichious!
5	i rarely get filled up off of 2 slices of pie. but pizza rock did it for me. we walked here from staying at a near by hotel and had a craving for pizza, this place came highly recommended from the locals here, walking into this place had great scenery, i was quite surprised of the entry. they had a pick up and to-go window in the front and the restaurant in the back of the place. they have tv's everywhere for all the sport that your into and they play music videos with stars chiming in to them. this place has a full bar. and great discounts during happy hour which is always a plus. the food here is great. started off with the salad with blue cheese dressing. there dressing here is fantastic is your a salad fan. te waitress made sure that we had everything that we needed at all time. if another waitress saw that we were looking up for someone they would come help even if it wasnt there table. very polite and very helpful. not what you would expect for casual dining.we had the classic pizza with a few added different toppings, the taste, the bite, the over all experience was just perfect. i was very pleased coming here and experiencing the food as well as the service.i would highly recommend this pizza rock to anyone in the area, locals or just passing through. great place for friends, family, and large groups, kids as well
4	On Saturday before Life is Beautiful, we decided to come here and watch college football. The bar had plenty of seating so we grabbed some seats and ordered drinks. Our bartender was nice enough to accommodate our request for the Spartans game.Onto the menu! They have a nice beer selection, and the menu for pizza is huge. It's divided into all these different styles. There's really no small, medium, large. Each style of pizza comes in a set size. We picked the New Yorker, which I would say feeds about 3 people. I wanted to order more things, but the BF knew my eyes were much hungrier than my stomach, and plus we didn't have anywhere to store leftovers as we were going to the festival after. Good call because I was stuffed. Anyway, OMG, this pizza was SOOOO GOOD!  I think it was pepperoni, sausage, mushroom, fresh mozzerella, and little dollops of ricotta on a thin chewy crust. Everything about this pizza was amazing. In fact, I think I even said, "This might be the best pizza I've ever eaten." When I came to Pizza Rock for the Yelp Elite event, I have to say I was not that impressed. It's probably because they weren't prepared for how many people were there and everything was just chaos and the food wasn't prepared as well. Who knows. All I know is this time around the pizza was on point!My only complaint is that the drinks are so expensive. $12 for a Moscow Mule? Aren't we downtown at a pizza joint? I guess that's downtown prices now. Either way, I can't WAIT to go back and get more pizza!  Also, they serve by the slice at the window by the entrance.
1	I got food poisoning from 1 slice of their Picante Pizza. 16 hrs later i was still Vomiting! Halloween night there was a lengthy wait for mediocre pizza. Theres better pizza options down the block!
4	Stopped by Pizza Rock after the Color Run with the kiddos.  They said 45 min wait but it ended up being less then 10.  We were seated next to the truck.  My son loved that.  The menu is huge, so many different types and styles of pizza.  It can be almost overwhelming trying to pick.  I got the Brooklyn Calzone deep fried and the kiddos all got kids meals (mac n cheese, spaghetti and meatballs and pepperoni pizza).  I choose the calzone because I had never heard of one deep fried before.  The filling was good but I wouldn't pick deep fried again.  The crust was very thin and crunchy.  Not what I was expecting.  Glad I tried something new though.  All the kids meal were very good and included a drink.  They were large portions and could have been shared.  My kids never want the same thing though.  They give the kids crayons to color and draw.  That's nice to keep them busy.  Service was great and they were packed.   Def a great family friendly place downtown.
4	I really wish this place was in LA :( the pizza was BOMB! They do sell pizza by the slice in the front..but in my opinion ur better off just ordering a whole pizza. Slices were kinda pricey. A great spot in downtown vegas to def try if ur around there. Great beer selection as well!!!!
5	Great pizza and awesome service. Harmony took care of us tonight and I think our whole group was impressed.  She was very helpful and energy was cool. We had the Sicilian and it was one of the best I've tasted. Bonus points for having a great beer selection.Hope these guys continue to grow and eventually get out to SoCal/L.A. area.
5	The pizza was outstanding!! We started with the apple and walnut salad, very good. The pizza is all fresh ingredients. We had the Sicilian with pepperoni and extra sauce. Harmony our server was excellent. Definitely check this place out if you want great food.
5	This place is hands down the best pizza place in town! It's got a great vibe, very clean, cool bar and even a walk up window if you just want to buy a slice and of course amazing pzza's of all types. I live over near Green Valley Ranch Casino just to eat here BUT I am excited about GVR opening a store there! I'm told it should open in February. Enjoy, I've spoken to visitor's from Chicago and NYC and they told me they were impressed.
5	Another great find thanks to the Yelp app! We were a bit inebriated in DTLV, and wanted to find some food to sober up. I was craving pizza, and Pizza Rock was only two blocks away.There are two parts to the restaurant, a pizza by the slice counter and a more traditional type of restaurant that has a sports bar type of feel. We initially were seated in the restaurant, but changed our minds as our intention was just to get a quick bite to eat and be on our way.  We decided to give the pizza by the slice counter a try.  I kept it simple and just ordered a couple of slices of pepperoni. They were huge! Very filling and also very tasty.  One of the staff also hooked us up with an order of meatballs! They were outstanding, and sealed the deal that I have to come back here again.Pizza Rock was a great find in DTLV.  There are so many food options when in Las Vegas, and I was happy that we came across this place.  Great pizza at a good price!
4	Good Pizza, I purchase by the slice through the walk up window. The purple potato pizza is a must.
4	Anyone that knows me...will tell you that I bleed pizza (my waistline will do the same, but I digress).  This is hands down the best pizza in the city of Las Vegas.  I noticed they will have another location soon in Henderson in Green Valley Ranch Casino. I will frequent both of these spots. The slices are NY quality, with the crust hard enough to fold at the crust...without the middle flopping back down to your plate.  There is no major oil runoff.  The cheese is not overflowing.  Toppings are fresh and delicious.  You're probably saying to yourself "If he's saying how great the food is...why did he give it only 4 stars?".  Here is why...THE PRICES!! C'mon Pizza Rock!! I know you guys know you have a great product, so you're charging $4 for a slice of pizza?? $6 for a veggie slice?? That's absolutely bonkers and it makes me mad!! No reason why I should order 3 slices of pizza and a water...and it total $17!!! If you want to mimic a product from NYC, please go do some research and look at their pricing...because I'm sure that their store rental is more expensive than Vegas real estate...and they prosper just fine.You have a great product, and its a great floor space.  Love the dark colors, the decor, and the friendly staff.  Hate those prices.
5	Afternoon for lunch and a few of us decided to check out this place because from word of mouth by other co-workers, this was getting raves about its pizza.We had a great waitress take our order, delivered our late afternoon cocktails, and appetizers followed shortly after.Everything had a great rhythm as far as getting our food.The garlic green beans was our shining star to kick start our appetites. The other members of my party ordered pizza of various sorts - but I am that guy that found a Kobe burger in a pizza menu!The pizzas are amazing and so was my amazing burger!The atmosphere is definitely rock n roll - I would definitely recommend others to come and check out this place.If you're a person who is looking for a happy hour to hangout at, kick start your evening here!
5	The thing about Pizza Rock isn't just that it's good pizza. There's now, amazingly enough, a lot of that in Vegas. The thing about Pizza Rock is that it isn't just one kind of good pizza, like New York style or Napolitano, or Sicilian or whatever. Pizza Rock has them all, and does them all well--as well as their own creative twists. You can get a classic wood oven Napoli Margherita and your friend can get a classic slice of New York with sausage, or Roman, or Californian or whatever. Good beer selection too. I think they have live music on the weekends...
4	Been here about two times already and I really love their pizzas. The ogden was pretty good, not too heavy on sauce and meat. Also, the linguini with clams was really tasty. The clams were so huge! Very good for parties as well.
5	Pizza Rock came at the recommendation of a driver we had to Vdara. Usually we get old crusty drivers, but this driver was young and hip, so all his food recommendations were spot on with our taste. He told us about how Pizza Rock had award winning pizza and we had to try it. The pizza did not disappoint. It was really good and went well with the garlic bread. The wait staff was wonderful. We had questions about how much food to order since some pizzas served 6 and we were a party of 2. The pizza + garlic bread was just enough food. I highly recommend this place if you are in the Fremont Street area.
4	this place makes me feel like a badass while I eat bomb pizza! lol the rosemary garlic fries have a very strong garlic taste, which I like.we got half original, half spicy for the calamari... but it was way too spicy for me :( still would recommend, just too spicy. i'll be sure to remember to get mild the next time around.the crust on the pizza is so damn great. if you eat pizza & don't eat the crust, there must be something wrong with you & i will never be your friend.
4	I had the late night night happy hour pizza which was alright I hear its better to get the individual slices from the front or order a big pizza.  They have so many different options hard to choose.  Rosemary garlic fries are amazing if you like fries.The ambiance is really cool, little rock clips playing all night.  I will go back to try other fries.
4	Love it! I've never had a pizza with crust so just...I can't even describe it. It is fabulous!
5	Absolutely loved this place. The decor was nice, the setting was nice, the food was fast and delicious. We had the 16" ny pizza.
5	This place is amazing. Absolutely amazing. We have eaten at a ton of pizza places in Vegas and this is definitely the best pizza in the city and to be honest, is second to no pizza we have ever had. We ordered the picante pizza and were blown away. The dough here is off the charts. We also tried the Rosemary garlic fries and they were insanely amazing. Last but definitely not least the service was great! Our server Ryan was one of the nicest, most attentive and helpful servers we have ever had. Definitely ask for him and you will have an awesome dining experience. Overall I would recommend this place to anyone and encourage anyone in the area to give it a shot!
5	My fiance is lucky as he gets to go here for lunch just about every week - or more often, if he so chooses.  So, he has been raving to me about it for some time now but the one time we tried to go we arrived as they closed.  Boo!Finally luck shined upon me and we went there last night with some out-of-town friends.  I actually had no idea there was an entire restaurant area back there - all I'd ever passed was the little pick-up window with slices.We were seated within a few minutes of arrival and I dig the decor. Dark with a rock, Italian flare.  Sounds strange, but they do it well.I ordered the 3 meatballs for an appetizer and they were some of the best darn meatballs I've ever had.  They were rich with flavor, didn't fall apart and were actually quite filling.My meal was the Artichoke Joe - holy cow. Every single ingredient by itself was good, then it was placed on this magnificent pie and baked.  The roasted artichoke is so tender and juicy, the sauteed spinach has a wonderful flavor without being mushy or overpowering and the Creme di parmigiana was an interesting but delicious surprise. This is probably one of my favorite pizzas ever.  I had some leftovers reheated in the oven tonight and it was still just as good.  Cowabunga, dude.Can't wait until my next visit so I can sample some other delicious items.  -:3
4	Great pizza and good service, location and a cool place to have lunch, dinner or just a beer.
5	Was here judging the World Food Championships and several other judges told me to go have a slice here and I would love it. Boy, they weren't kidding!I'm a pizza snob for sure. Born in NY and raised in LA. But mostly only had great pizza in NY. There are actually a few good places here in SD too. But that slice I got from here was OFF THE CHARTS GOOD! Even though the toppings were great, the crust was the star! Crispy, yet chewy with a slightly sweet flavor that just made all the toppings pop. I got it topped with purple potatoes, prosciutto, feta and pesto. WOWZA! Even loved the taste of the oils running all over it! Yes, $6 is a lot for one slice, but it was totally worth it. The pepperoni and cheese is only $4. I just went with fancy schmancy! I will def be back next time I'm here!
5	Great ambiance !!!! Great music delicious food.  Pizza was what is should be nice and crunchy, soft warm dough topping not making the pizza soggy very flavorful.  Not a fan of the margarita pizza that one has to be a different dough.  To soft and very very  soggy felt like dough was not cooked through.
4	Food is still good and place is great.  I am lowering my stars because the last 3 times I have been here service has not been great.  I think mostly behind the bar.  Drinks take forever to get even when it's not that busy.  Other then that though I still highly recommend this place.  I get delivery all the time and it's always on time if not early I wish the bar was the same way but hey I guess that's just if I am giving constructive criticism.  Love you pizza rock, you still rock!
5	The best slice of pizza I have ever had and I have eaten a lot of pizza in 55 years.  I had the New York style with pepperoni and decided that would be all I eat Downtown, breakfast lunch and dinner. Can a slice of pizza really be the highlight of a trip to Vegas?  Yes it can!
5	Yep. May have found the best pizza ever. We checked it out late Friday night and got in without a wait. The thin crust pepperoni with mushrooms and garlic was totally fantastic. The meatballs weren't as good as I was expecting. We did split the Molinari and the Cal Italian pizzas at happy hour pricing and they were good, not great. I will definitely be back and willing to try some of their other creations. Happy hour is a pretty good value.
5	The Chicago pizza was absolutely amazing.  I would definitely recommend going. Great atmosphere and good service
5	Pizza does not get better than this in Las Vegas. Great pie, super service at the front take out!Location is the only problem for those of us in the far west.
5	Ok this is hands down the best pizza place ever. First time here. On vacation. The house salad was amazing. Fresh. Even the ranch and balsamic dressing was delicious. The pizza was outstanding! Get it with extra sauce on the side, even better. The service was the best. Our waitress was so sweet and always checked in on us. It didn't take very long to get the food maybe 20 minutes tops and it was pretty busy. They have a bar and plenty of TV to watch your sports. Bathrooms are small but very nice and clean. It's located near the Fremont experience. I will definitely be coming here again I can't wait to try more what's on their menu. The downside though of course around the area there's a lot of homeless people and they will bug you for money.
5	Absolutely love pizza rock! Amazing food! The staff is awesome. Ricky is a great manager and knows how to treat his customers!
5	Cannot say enough good things about this place!  We are in DT Vegas 3 to 4 times a year and always make a few stops at Pizza Rock.  My husband loves the gluten free pizza.  We always make sure to do the acoustic brunch for the $10 bottomless mimosas.  When traveling with our 9 yr old we have done the Kids in the Kitchen and it was wonderful!  Other favorites are the green beans, garlic bread, margarita pizza and the gorgonzola apple salad.  Great beer selection, wish they had more gf beer or ciders to pick from.
3	Love everything I had, and they even had an awesome gluten free pizza, which is pretty rare BUT....The music is blaring and there are probably more than 2 dozen TVs in the place. If you dont want to talk to the person next to you, this might be the place to go, (or maybe just to get to go)  Personally, I like to be able to have a conversation at dinner--I couldn't even hear the server. It's not like I'm an old lady, I'm 26. Sorry to break it to you, but you just can't be a dance club and a pizzeria too, and do either one well.
4	This was my first time dining at pizza rock. I wanted to give it a try because I saw it was the best pizza in Nevada. I ordered the margarita pizza and was amazed by how excellent it was . I'm from new haven and I must say it gives direct competition to the pizza there. I did order the burger but was disappointed with it . It was over cook and tasted like a Kobe blend rather than Kobe beef. I will definitely be back to pizza rock when my family comes back from Connecticut but I will never order anything else besides pizza and beer
2	Ordered a margharita for delivery using the online ordering; had that order cancelled 5 mins later due to a policy of not delivering napoletana style pizza.  The guy who called me sounded short, and passed me off to someone else to re-order who didn't know the rest of my order.  Ended up with the PICANTE, which was very meh, and we quite literally ordered Dominos later that day to make up for it.Maybe their inside quality/service is better, but don't offer online ordering of food you won't deliver and only offer what you can ensure is a high quality.  After refusing to deliver, I expected a quality that wasn't there.The ceaser salad was pretty good.
5	Love this place! We hadCalamari ,Pizza margherita and artichoke Joe....Great with beersAnd good wine!!!  We come here anout once a month great place!
4	Vegas folks are lucky that the Vegas equivalent of SF's Tony's Pizza Napoletana does not feature the 1 hour+ wait of the SF location. In true Vegas fashion, this place has a lively and fun atmosphere, ample seating and today's featured soup: beer. I've come here a few times and some of the pizza were hits and some were misses, I wish I had taken better note of which of the pizzas I had already tried. One time my husband had us order the "QUAIL EGG WHITE ROSE POTATO GUANCIALE" and the mix of toppings completely killed my taste buds, and the crust had a very burnt flavor (not the good kind I've had on their other pizzas). I personally wanted a Pepperoni calzone that day and was really disappointed by what we ordered. We left the restaurant, went to Commonwealth, and on our way back to our car, I stopped inside Pizza Rock and ordered a slice of pepperoni from the to-go area and it was heaven! Their MARGHERITA 17 is another reliable favorite that has a subtle flavor and they advertise that they only make 73 per day. The staff here is usually on top of their game, very well-trained. One thing I love about this place is the DJ mixing music videos - because who doesn't want to see Chumbawumba being mixed into other 90's hits while eating delicious food? Parking: Park at the Grand and get your valet ticket validated at Pizza Rock, super simple.
5	I always come here when I visit Vegas. They have the best Margherita pizza. The cheese tastes fresh every time. The house salad I recommend. Also don't forget the garlic garlic bread and meatballs. I was not a meatball fan but Pizza Rock cooks them perfectly and so flavorful. Seriously, I would recommend this place. My family lives here in Vegas and I definitely want them to experience this culinary delight.
4	First time here and will be back! Quality pizza and great atmosphere. Service was fast and friendly. One block from Fremont St
5	Shani was our server and she was fantastic. We are pizza snobs and this place is in our top five for the USA. We have been on "A slice of Brooklyn" tour in New York, done the walking tour of Little Italy in Manhattan, all the Chicago deep dish places, and this place is in the top five! And the meatballs are among the best we have ever had.
3	LOUD!!!  Pretty good pizza pie but the prices for what you get just don't match.  $17 for a margherita pizza...ouch.  Also, it's really, really, REALLY LOUD, so, if you like paying a little too much for your food and yelling at your dinner companions than this place is for you!  Recommendation is happy hour throughout the week for lower prices and who knows, maybe a lower volume on the obnoxiously loud sound system.  So, food good, service very good, music volume ridiculous.  Fix the volume first and maybe that will make the price of the food not seem like its overpriced due to an overall better dining experience.  Oh, kids menu is good but don't expect to hear your minion over the music that's blasting.  Did I mention it's loud?!?
5	Finally a great pizza in Las Vegas.  Tommy is great.  Always makes me feel welcome.  Matty (or is it Maddy) at the bar is awesome.  The pizza "rocks".  I don't know what I like best... the crust, the best pepperoni, the sauce!  It's all good.  Best meatballs in the world!  I bring all my visitors here and they have all said it's the best pizza they've ever had.
5	Easily one of the best pizzas downtown. Extra points because they deliver to your room if you stay at Downtown Grand, as part of a room service thing.
5	We saw this place in a magazine for attractions and decided to try out the "world pizza cup" winner. We got an appetizer of woodfired asparagus - delicious - and the mob boss Sicilian pizza. Each ingredient on the pizza has its own discernible flavor. You can taste the quality and freshness of the ingredients. On top of that the service was excellent! If I lived anywhere near Vegas I would definitely be a regular.
4	I had lunch at Pizza Rock in Las Vegas, NV on 11/22/2014.  It was my 1st time there.  There were 30 of us (yes, 30) and I was impressed by their ability to handle such a large group.  Most had one of their pizzas but not me, I tried their pasta.  It was homemade and very good.  Plus, I took photos.
3	It was OK pizza.  Nothing great.,  OK
5	This reveiw is only for the pizza thats what I ate. I loved it. The sauce was damn near perfect not to sweet not to acidic, the dough was fresh and cooked right not chewy and not a cracker eithier. Service was good ambiance was cool it was a cool place to eat . Location is perfect easy to park . I actually ate here twice once sit in and had a pizza second time was just for a slice. The pizza I had was the new yorker the slice I had was a pepperoni the slice was huge it was a little pricey but no where neer the 100 i dumped  on a slot machine around the corner and the machine didnt feed me. I would eat here again. Im from north new jersey and live in the bay area now I know what good pizza is. This place is worth a try
5	We walked into this place without any knowledge of it..Well.....it was a great find! Decor and staff awesome! !! We ordered the 22" inch pizza ...needless to say we are still eating on it for dinner..Highly recommended.
5	Loved the pizza! Was skeptical, but gave it a try. The slices are HUGE!. I had plain cheese, just wasn't in the mood for anything more. My friend had two pieces - vegetarian and a meat pizza. They have a walk-up window on the street, a counter where you can order a slice and sit inside and eat it (this is what we did) and they have a restaurant where you can sit. The service was great and so was the pizza. If you like a dry pizza (no oil) then this might not be for you, but it was the awesome crust and the olive oil that did it for me. Every once in a while - WTF! Screw the Calories! -  just eat a great slice of pizza. I was glad I did. Note: it is an easy one block walk from the walking mall area in old town Las Vegas. 8/31/14
5	Here we are again. It's a busy Monday night, the football crew is all in :)The service, even though busy, was excellent, attentive but not hovering, pleasant, but not too chatty. The food, the FOOD!!! All exceptional! We had the New Yorker pizza and the Linguine with clams. If you don't LOVE this place, I'd be very surprised.
4	Excellent sports atmosphere.  Great 22 inch new york thin pizza.  Fun place harmony our server was great.  Just off the lights from Freemont st
5	I'd say this is the best pizza place in Las Vegas! They have so much variety, from Wood-fired Italian to Chicago style to gluten free! Their Italian style margarita pizza is uhhmazing! I just wish I didn't have to drive all the way downtown to go there. I also love that they offer check in deals too!
5	This place is awesome!  Had one of the margherita pizzas that was fired up in their 800 degree oven for like 90 seconds.  The manager Joe checked in with us, made some great recommendations for beers on tap.  Wait staff were super friendly and helpful.  Sat at the bar, no waiting for a table.  Overall, a great place to get a meal whether lunch after visiting the Mob Museum or walking around Fremont St.  Big thumbs up and thank you to the manager Joe and his awesome staff.
5	Absolutely amazing pizza! Definitely try the New Yorker... The sauce was full of flavor, the pepperoni zesty, and the sausage has just the right amount of spice. The small dollops of ricotta complements the pizza very well!
2	Pizza Rock by Tony G. has great pizza but customer service sucks. We were trying to relax & enjoy our night. The "DJ" in the faux semi-truck blew the horn not once, not twice but three  times!!!! What the heck is wrong with management (Ricky)? I'm in your business giving you my $$$. Why would I want you to blow horn me out of my seat when I'm trying to relax? I talked to the server & she said she hates it too. Wake up Pizza Rock, don't do stupid stuff to piss crap paying customers! DJ dude needs to go!
5	I can't complain. Open around midnight with delicious and fresh pizza. I a k ways go here after Hogs and Heifers. Picante is my favorite.  Huge slices of pizza.
5	had dinner here last night- service was on point! attentive and quick, and the pizza is excellent and the fried artichokes were terrific. Atmosphere is cool and friendly, with sport tvs and brick walls.
3	Let's do the quick hits here. Touristy - YesFood - Good but not greatService - better than the food Prices  - Over priced for what you are gettingWould I go back. Maybe just to give it another try. On  first impression I would prefer to spend my money elsewhere.
3	Ehhh wasn't overly impressed. Location - in Downtown near the Fremont street experience. Not a lot of convenient parking since it is downtown. Restaurant - loud, spacious, plenty of seating for large and/or small parties.Service - A-ok.  No complaints about our server. Food- tried meatballs and calamari (half spicy / half regular) for appetizers. And Picante pizza for main meal. Overall not bad but nothing memorable. I didn't like the spicy calamari though. I thought they would toss in cherry peppers or something like that for the spiciness. Except it was more like chili powder. Way too overpowering in a bad way.I'd give it one more shot and order something different to truly judge whether it's worth repeat visits or not.
4	Great pizza, fun times sitting at pizza-by-the-slice bar. Just ate the deep-dish pizza by the slice!
5	While I've been here more since my last review in June, I went TWICE last week because the person I was with had not been there yet. After the first time, we were back the very next day.  We had the New Yorker the first day which was pepperoni, sausage, and ricotta dollops on it. AMAZING!  I'm actually starting to like the thinner crust more and more each time I visit.  No need for me to divulge in thick crust.   The second day, he got the same pizza, and I had the chicken parmesan. The chicken was cooked perfectly, the crust around it was crispy and perfect, sauce and cheese all delish. The only thing I didn't like was the bucatini pasta under it. It's quite thick and either wasn't cooked long enough, or that's just how it is...either way, I wasn't a fan so if I do order that again, I'll go for a different type of pasta.
4	Awesum pie!!! 800 degrees of ooey gooey goodness! Service mediocre. Music good. Downtown hot spot.
5	one word... amazing
5	Absolutely amazing pizza! Definitely try the New Yorker... The sauce was full of flavor, the pepperoni zesty, and the sausage has just the right amount of spice. The small dollops of ricotta complements the pizza very well!
5	I read about the Sausage & Guinness pizza in an article covering the top 100 pizzas in the US and couldn't wait to try this place and pie. We had reservations for 8 and were seated right away. The service, atmosphere and food all top notch. Warm and inviting and at the same time efficient. There was a VJ on the night we were there playing (from the inside of a semi tractor which is in the restaurant) a mix of old school rock and new school parodies - very fun! When the pizza came it was beautiful. Served up on a cutting board you could smell the rich aromas of sausage, caramelized  sweet onion and tomatoey goodness. The crust was light and crispy outside with a soft sweet still light center. I was told that the Guinness reduction in the crust and topping is what makes it so delicious. It adds a sweetness but very subtly and perfectly offset by the sausage and herbs with big gobs of melted mozzarella - YUM. A must do meal if you are in old Las Vegas - great location just all the activity on Fremont St
4	One of our favorite places to get Pizza in Las Vegas,Next to secret pizza. The arugula and pancetta salad is amazing. Live Dj at night makes this a fun place to go
5	I almost didn't come into this place, slightly turned off by the very clever by the slice offering of drunk pizza to the pedestrians of Fremont Street. I am so thankful that I went ahead and stepped inside to glance at their menu.
4	We ordered the ny style pizza: mozzarella, ricotta, sausage, pepperoni with a tomato  sauce. It has a thin crust and crunchy. Very delicious and i would come back again! The service was great. We were seated immediately during lunch time and our drinks were refilled without prompting.  The decor was eclectic to say the least. A truck in the middle of a restaurant is not something you see everyday.
3	I have been to NY and had pizza and I am sorry to say this was nowhere near what you would get in NY. We ordered the NY style pizza and it just okay. The place is nice and the service was good, but I do not see myself going there ever again.
5	Some of the best pizza I've had in my life has been in Vegas and Pizza Rock was no exception.  Having attended a meeting here for a local event, we couldn't resist ordering a pizza to go...it smelled that good! We brought it back to share with the rest of our party and I'm pretty sure that Pizza Rock received most of our business over the course of the weekend.  The pizza is amazing!
5	Brought my friends here for them to experience the hype themselves and Pizza Rock did not disappoint.  thanks to Jennifer, awesome server, very informative of the menu, friendly, and welcoming. Our food and beers came out promptly and delicious as ever. And of course playing all the jams, The Offspring, Foo Fighters, Audioslave  Our New Years Eve lunch was a success ! Happy New Year
4	Absolutely amazing pizza! Definitely try the New Yorker... The sauce was full of flavor, the pepperoni zesty, and the sausage has just the right amount of spice. The small dollops of ricotta complements the pizza very well!
4	Pizza was fabulous!!! Marquarita pizza by far the best I have ever had!!!! Fun atmosphere, great for families and friends!
4	Pizza was fabulous!!! Marquarita pizza by far the best I have ever had!!!! Fun atmosphere, great for families and friends!
4	absolutely fantastic pizza, service was great and the guys behind the glass cooking were awesome!!!!!
5	David and I got two slices to go and some meatballs! I got the picante pizza which was spicy and amazing! David got the slice of the day which was pepperoni and sausage, also an amazing alice! Atmosphere was unique and the people working there were kind and quick! Definitely recommend stopping by if your looking for a bite in downtown Vegas!
5	Very clean and tasty pizza will surely go back
4	By far the best pizza in Vegas! They really do it right. The Napoli pie was amazing and the "secret" Guinness pizza, hands down one of the best I ever had. When you walk I. The door, you can see the different display ovens that cool the pizzas at different tempeture a based on the region. Pizza Rock is for pizza aficionados who appreciate the art of pie. Go and enjoy! Highly recommended. I would give it 5 stars but I am taking one away due to location. I live in Seven Hills and they are downtown. I hear they are opening one at Green Valley Ranch!! So once I go, I will let you know!
5	Went there day after Christmas.....great pizza and pleasant service!!!!If you're hungry and on or around Freamont street, go there and get some pie, you won't be disappointed.
4	Good pizza.
4	Great pizza's so much variety and a great selection of beer and cocktails.
4	Wicked tasty! Meatballs for appetizers were awesome. Then two different pizzas.... Thumbs up!
4	I came here for Happy Hour about a year ago...dope ass concept as well as dope food.We ordered: Classic Meatballs - Good especially at that price pointFried Green Beans - Dope you know you gotta eat your greans even if it's friedHoney Pie - Dope PizzaPizza Campari - Dope PizzaAll the pizzas here look, sound, and smell good. They have many different styles  from many different regions around the world. I would check it out if you haven't.
2	Been there twice.  Food is great but the service is terrible.  Each time we waited more than 15 minutes for a table once seated we waited another 10 minutes for a server until we were eventually told that we had been seated at a table that did not have an assigned server.  I understand that this kind of thing happens from time to time and it's not a big deal, but twice?  Where is the manager?
3	My visit took place on Jan 01, 2015. I ate at the bar and watched the Rose Bowl.But also know that I actually sought out this restaurant because more than one professional restaurant reviewer listed Pizza Rock as amongst the "Top 10 Pizzas - 2014" in Las Vegas. In addition, these writers noted that the restaurant has multiple pizza ovens - different ovens to facilitate the production of different styles (Neapolitan, Roma, New York, Chicago...) of pizza, and this caught my interest.So let's start with the positives:It has a great location. It is across the street from the Downtown Grand, or one block off of Fremont Street. So if you want to get away from the noise, and casino and chain eateries on Fremont Street without having to drive, it a good option.The interior is well decorated. If you want to have a nice meal without distractions, you can.  And if you want to sit in an area with views of TV screens to monitor your sports team, you can.The pricing is very reasonable for a restaurant of this caliber, and the service was also very good.But with regards to the food.... I can only give "an average" rating based on my one meal.  I ordered the Traditional Neapolitan Margherita pizza, and did not ask for any special customization. I wanted to see what their interpretation was. The pizza was beautiful to look at. But I prefer a dryer, crispier crust. The rim of my pizza's crust was doughy and more like fresh bread. The bottom (flat area) of the crust was "wetter" than I prefer. Maybe this is the new trend. (I also visited "800 Degrees" on the Las Vegas Strip, and experienced the same issue of wet crust.) Perhaps I need to try a different "style" of pizza next time?Here's the bottom line: the place is nice enough that I am willing to go back and try another meal. And having read my review, the staff is friendly enough: you or I can describe the textures we want from our pizza to the server. They can suggest a style of pizza that is to your liking, or they can ask the kitchen to accommodate. And they do have other entrees besides pizza.It has a full bar, and a good selection of standard and craft beers.
4	YAS YAS YASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.Finally a decent pizza place in Vegas.Im a San Francisco Bay Area native we have some of the best pizza spots through out. Ive grown to like a certain style of pizza... GOOD PIZZA. Which I swear was nonexistent in Vegas up until Pizza Rock.This is as close to a  pizza-gazm you'll get in Vegas you'll get...Its def a party...
5	So I read an article about Pizza Rock, in one of the magazines that is in the seat back pocket on the airplane. The article made it sound pretty good so we read some reviews on Yelp and decided to give it a try. This place, pardon the pun, ROCKS!First off, the location is only one block off of Freemont Street, on Third Street, an easy walk from all of the Freemont Street action.The place has a really cool grunge, rock bar feel, yet it is appropriate for all ages. Our 11 year old and 19 year old both really liked the place, especially the good music/video mix they have playing.We visited Pizza Rock twice while we were in Vegas. Visit #1 was so good, we had to go back for more a few days later.Visit #1 - I can't remember the server's name, but she was awesome. Her recommendations were spot on and our drinks were always full. We ordered the Cal Italia pizza which is a sauceless pizza with Asiago, Mozzarella, Gorgonzola, Fig Preserve, Prosciutto, and Balsamic Reduction. It was amazing. One of the best pizzas we've ever had. My 11 year old had the Margherita and it was very similar to the Margherita pizzas you find in Rome. We finished lunch with a Tiramisu and it was extraordinary! The best I have ever had!Visit #2 - The second time we came to the restaurant was a Saturday around 10 PM and it was significantly busier than our visit a few days earlier, at lunch. This time we had the New Yorker, which was good, but it did have too much Garlic and the Ricotta gave the pizza an odd taste. If you are a Garlic and Ricotta fan, you will like it, me not so much. We also ordered Frank's True Italian, which is a Pesto Pizza similar to the style you find at Grimaldi's, it was very good.Long story short, this place is a top notch pizza joint and it deserves all of the awards it has won. My favorite pizza place in Nevada, bar none.
5	The Bayside Buffet was really good the MB. Although the hotel customer service was not the best, I do think that the staff at the Bayside Buffet were great and the Prime Rib was the best quality
4	There are so many different pizza varieties here that you would think the quality couldn't hold up, but they are all just fantastic.  Beyond the pizzas their green beans are pretty stellar.  Normally I steer clear of green beans, but the ones here are delicious.
4	There are so many different pizza varieties here that you would think the quality couldn't hold up, but they are all just fantastic.  Beyond the pizzas their green beans are pretty stellar.
4	This place is pretty awesome. It's trying too hard to be cool. And it wants to be a hipster party place while still being a restaurant and family-friendly-ish. And, of course, the cocktails are overpriced. But the decor is actually neat. And the ambiance and vibe are enjoyable. It's fun for drinks and a slice on a Friday night. And it's chill and hip for brunch on a Sunday early afternoon. But the most important thing...the pizza is fabulously tasty. The basic margherita pizza is a winner. Just order that standard pizza pie and leave satisfied.
4	Great pizza by the slice.  Nice light, crispy, airy crust and flavorful sauce. Had a pepperoni slide which was delicious.
4	We saw many review of Pizza Rock and had to make the stop on our last Vegas trip.  The inside is very quirky and fun.  It has a definite metal/punk vibe which cool.The pizza menu is extensive...almost every type of style you can imagine.  We tried a more traditional thin crust and it did not disappoint.  It was a bit greasy but you sometimes a great pizza needs it!The restroom signs are probably some of the funniest I have ever seen!
5	Pizza RockLocation/Parking: Across from Downtown Grand Hotel and Casino. Limited parking in front of the restaurant, so park in the hotel garage.Atmosphere: Casual and friendly. There's a nice dining room if you want a sit-down meal, a walk-up order counter inside for take-out orders, and a walk-up window outside if you don't feel like coming inside at all. Cleanliness: No issues. The one time I sat down to a table in the dining room was very pleasant. Service: The service inside and outside is great, but the walk-up window isn't open that late. When it's open it's fine, but it closes at midnight. Midnight? In Vegas? For a walk-up window? Don't they realize how many drunk tourists are out there stumbling around looking for a good slice of cheese at 3am? Sadly, they have lost my business more than a few times for closing early.Food/Drinks: I've been here four times so far and have ordered a slice of cheese and a slice of pepperoni from the counter and from the outside window, and I've had a whole pepperoni pie inside in the dining room. Good stuff. They even have a gluten free crust available, but if I'm going to cheat and eat pizza, I'm going balls to the wall and getting the good stuff. Speaking of good stuff, the Chianti they serve is really nice. Happy Hour: I haven't been lucky enough to hit it at the right time, but they have a Happy Hour 3-5-7 Menu. Monday-Friday 3pm-6pm and late night 10pm to close. Draft beers $3-$5 and wines by the glass $2 off. Several snacky size appetizers for $3, $5, or $7. Probably worth trying if you're in the area.Price: $4 for a slice of cheese, $4.50 for pepperoni. Totally reasonable for such delicious cheesy goodness, especially in Vegas. Full menu available for inside dining, but let's be honest, 99% of the time you just want a quick, hot, delicious slice of cheese to go. How you negotiate eating it while walking around downtown sipping a 100-oz. adult beverage through a ginormous straw? Well, that's on you.
5	Best pizza I've had in Vegas.  Had the Margarita which was very good but I wouldn't say exceptional, but also had the Detroit Red Top - which was fabulous.  Decent drink selection.   Would be a good place for kids too.
5	Seriously BEST pizza I've had in all my yeas of existence!!! Their Beer selection is AMAZE-BALLS!!!!
5	Best pizza I've had in awhile! The deep-dish crust is AMAZING!! We cannot wait to go back :)
