5	If you haven't heard about Citizen yet, you soon will. Old Town's newest treasure has the perfect combination of great location and ambiance, amazing food, a smart beer list and unrivaled cocktails. After going twice since the opening some of favorites thus far include:  Lagunitas IPA on tap, Pisco Sour, Turley Zin, Tenderbelly Pork Pastrami Belly Pastrami (a must have), Fair Trade Coffee Charred Short Ribs, and Tenderbelly Pork Tender Loin. The staff is friendly, prompt and knowledgeable. Citizen offers a variety of seating options, making it a great neighborhood drop in or perfect setting to impress others on a big night out.
5	Excellent food, hand crafted cocktails, and personal, attentive service.  We were just in for happy hour.  We bought a gift certificate for $100 and got a $25 certificate as a thank you.  We WILL be coming back.  Check it out!
5	Great new addition to the Old Town neighborhood. Citizen is versatile -- the perfect place for a romantic date, a small gathering, or for just meeting a buddy for a drink. A place with a great vibe.My first impression was that they are intently focused on service quality. Lots of smiling staff to greet you as you enter. Every employee is attentive to every table. Our server was gregarious, accommodating, gracious, and highly proactive. We definitely felt the 'warm and fuzzy' atmosphere.They pay attention to the little things -- such as house-made ketchup for your french fries. The food: about as good as upscale bar food is going to get. For apps we started with the calamari and the crabcakes. Portions weren't large, but very high quality. The calamari was flash-fried and not greasy, and seemed very fresh. For my entree I had the wagyu burger, which was prepared perfectly and served on a fresh challah bun.Overall impression: Citizen will have staying power, unlike many establishments that open in Old Town. The formula is really pretty simple -- offer high quality stuff, equip the place with great staff, and don't go overboard with prices. I'm looking forward to returning!
5	This weekend I took my girlfriend to Citizen Public House.  Before we were even done with our meal we were already discussing what we wanted to try on our next visit.We started with two cocktails.  She had the Bellentini and I had the 1884 Manhattan.  I love Manhattans and this was one of the best that I have had--it was incredibly smooth and flavorful.For our appetizer, we split the gorgonzola-emmental mac-n-cheese., and for our main courses we had the Grilled Cheese of the Day and the Fair Trade Coffee Charred Short Ribs.  Everything was incredible--including the service--and we wished we had room for an Irish Coffee and one of the many tempting desserts.
4	Citizen Public House is a great addition to the Old Town dining scene. I love seeing restaurants crop up in that part of town that aren't just catering to the bar scene and making the food an afterthought. My girlfriend and I made reservations for Friday night expecting Bernie Kantak's new restaurant to be packed. Much to our surprise when we arrived, the place was pretty dead with tons of open tables. We purposely arrived early to enjoy a cocktail at the bar and even though we could have been seated right away, we pressed forward with our original plan.At the bar, I ordered my usual cocktail while the GF ordered a sangria off their cocktail menu. We also ordered an order of the bacon fat heirloom popcorn from the bar snacks menu. My cocktail was perfectly made and my GF loved the sangria. The popcorn took forever to come out, but when it was delivered they also brought out an order of the calamari compliments of the chef. The popcorn was a little bit burned and we both thought it could have used some salt, which was surprising since we thought the bacon fat would have provided that flavor. The calamari was perfectly cooked and not greasy in the least. I enjoyed the pickled fennel on the side, but my GF isn't a fan of fennel, so she didn't try it.After we finished our cocktails at the bar, we moved to a table for the main event. In an unusual move for us, we skipped wine and stuck with beer and cocktails, but I did eye some good finds on the concise wine list. For our appetizer, we ordered the sausage of the day, which was a beef based sausage with a cabbage casing. It was very unique and we both really enjoyed it. For our main courses, the GF ordered the AZ B.L.T. and ordered the Pork Tender Loin. The B.L.T. had tons of perfectly crispy bacon on it, but we both agreed that it was really good , but not great overall. The Pork Tender Loin, on the other hand, was excellent in my opinion. I loved the figs and the sweet potato-chevre strudel. Of course, you could put chevre on anything and I would like it.When it was time for dessert, we knew that we had to try some of Tracy Dempsey's latest creations. We normally split dessert, but decided to each get our own. The GF got the cookies and milk and I had the chocolate toffee bread pudding. The cookies are delivered in a bag that you can take home, which is great because you probably won't down the generous serving of cookies in one setting  unless you're sharing. My GF was quite happy to take home a little bag of cookies to enjoy later. My bread pudding was awesome and I wish I could have purchased a gallon of the Maker's Mark ice cream to take home with me. I'll definitely be craving this dessert in the future.The atmosphere of the restaurant is a little austere, even for my taste. It just seems like they could a little bit to make it a little bit more warm and inviting. Service, while extremely friendly, was a little bit uneven throughout the night starting with the snacks at the bar taking a long time and continuing with confusion over what tables plates should be delivered to. Keep in mind the restaurant has been open for only a week, so these are things that can be worked out.We were really surprised to see the restaurant so empty on a Friday night, so I hope more people give it a try. Citizen is a really good neighborhood restaurant that has the potential to be great. We look forward to trying it again to see how it improves and evolves. I'm really hoping it's a successful staple in Old Town for years to come.
5	Great food - great asmosphere and wonderful service.  Trendy and fun!  I keep telling my friends about it and they have all loved it too!  Will be going back a lot I'm sure!
1	I thought this place was unimpressive.  The drinks were bland and the food was average.  We ordered a bunch of things to share with the table; one or 2 things were bad and the rest was okay, but nothing was great.
4	At Citizen Public House, my Ty Largo sightings continue. I see that guy damn near everywhere I go, so it must mean Up Agency is handling PR for this place. This has nothing to do with the review.Citizen is a really cozy, warm, and inviting space, and is exactly the opposite of every other bar in old town. It is grown up, sophisticated, and has a huge emphasis on quality and interesting food. If you're looking for a greasy burger and fries to go with a Coors Light, you've stepped into the wrong place, compadre. If you'd rather go with a bottle of Dogfish Head's Midas Touch to accompany your Original Chop Salad, then Citizen will please your palate much more. A word on the Original Chop Salad, it's the Stetson Chop that you're all accustomed to from Cowboy Ciao. Bernie Kantak, the owner of Citizen created that salad whilst working at Cowboy Ciao, and it's his to take where he wants. Easily the most famous dish in town, in my opinion. In my observation, Citizen is a douchebag free environment, a sanctuary for those who have become jaded from the usual Old Town bar scene. This would be a great place to have a drink after a night of dining at Marcellino or FnB, not a place to go before you head to Axis Radius or Myst. The white table cloths, dimly lit and somewhat romantic environs, and overal sexiness make this a great spot for a first or second date, or a perfect place to go before heading to the art walk or an event at the Center for Performing Arts.A couple of small knocks on a place though; they don't have a great selection of draft beers, in fact , I was rather disappointed to see they had Guiness, Bud Light, a couple of Four Peaks, and Pilsner Urquell on draft. They have some really interesting and high quality beers in bottles, but unfortunately the girl behind the bar wasn't terribly experienced with beer and couldn't tell us much about one or two that I was unfamilar with. I consider this a very minor inconvienence and perhaps if business picks up and enough people request it, they will add some good beers to the tap, otherwise, I'd rather drink a bottle of beer at home than in a bar.All in all, this is a solid contender and I hope it does well. The Old Town scene seems pretty dead to me lately, as on a Tuesday this is one of three places I went where my group was literally the only ones in the house. I'm quite sure the weekend business is better, but you can't survive if you're operating in the red 2-3 nights a week. Here's to hoping Ty Largo does his job and gets the good word out there about Citizen Public House. He owes it to the public to let them experience it.
5	If being a good public citizen means I get to eat at a restaurant like Citizen Public House, then I vow never to roll through a stop sign again! I had the chance to check out Citizen Public House for dinner last night and was eager to take a bite into the culinary adventures of Chef Bernie and pastry delights of Tracy Dempsey. We arrived to enter a cozy atmosphere full of energy from the group of guests enjoying their meals. The setting here is simple but simple does the trick because the food and drinks are excellent. We started with cocktails and an appetizer. I was told the coconut drink (I'm blanking on the name) was like a vacation in your mouth and considering that I've got the tropical itch, I opted for that immediately. They warned me it was a stiff drunk, but I had no idea how stiff they really meant! Let me just put it this way, if you are looking for a cocktail that will do the drink for the entire meal, this is your drink. I didn't need another after just this one! Moving on to the food now! We started with a bar snack appetizer of Kilt Lifter fondue with sausage, pears and bread. It was a perfect snack to get our appetites moving and munch on the food while we waited for out entrees. The pears and fondue were an interesting combination but it grows on you after awhile. Apparently, I was feeling cheesy that night because for my entree, I went for the Grilled Halloumi Cheese which is on Serbian lepijna bread, with chickpea puree, pickles, Campari tomato, tender greens, tahini. I liked to think of it as a grown up's grilled cheese. Although it didn't have any meat in it, the sandwich was hearty and satisfying enough that it didn't need any. I had a taste of the Smart Chicken and that was excellent as well! To end the good citizen meal, we had to try a Tracy Dempsey desert because how could you pass up one of these delicacies! We were told that the Chocolate Toffee Bread Pudding is a must for chocolate lovers. They weren't kidding! The dessert was delicious and just the right amount of sweet to end the meal. I like Citizen Public House because it isn't pretentious and while it's in the heart of Old Town, it doesn't have the Old Town scene vibe. It's perfect for an evening of good good and tasty cocktails in a comfortable setting. I can't wait to visit again!
2	Went here with a large group for a birthday party.  Service was excellent...until it wasn't.  Had to go ask for after dinner coffee, and the tab.The age group ranged from low 20's to mid 70's and everyone was disappointed.  The music was too loud to carry on a conversation and just not "right" for this place.  It is suffering from an identity crisis in my opinion.  The food....meh.  The fondue beer dip was good, the mac and cheese was good.  The short ribs were fatty, the hamburger was rock hard and the hamburger bun dry, the chicken was o.k. and the salad was 'bitter'.  Definitely won't be on our rotation.
4	Great bar, great atmosphere, great service!Citizen crafts classic old-school cocktails courtesy of Thomas and Rich.  ON top of that they have a few beers on draught, by the bottle and a pleasantly surprising wine selection.   Food-wise the menu is kinda geared towards comfort and southern style offerings including mac-n-cheese, scallops with bacon and corn grits, dungeness crab cakes with complementary slaw, pork-belly, etcAgain, overall good place to go for a casual and relaxing drink or two. Will be back for more...
4	Loved it and can't wait to go back. Great atmosphere while still paying homage to the location's historical roots.  Food was inventive (but not crazy)  and fresh and delicious. Appreciate the creativity to put the out of the norm spin on old favorites.  We'll be back.  And soon.
5	Heard about this place from a friend and really wanted to try it out. To start out, the service was impeccable. I have a dairy allergy and Gina, our server, went above and beyond to accommodate me.  She even made my wife a special mocktail since she is pregnant.  The atmosphere is great- very comfortable.  The food was also excellent. We started with the chopped salad, which is the classic Cowboy Ciao chopped salad you could never go wrong with. I followed this with the chicken which was cooked to perfection with a risotto side.  My wife had the grilled cheese which she enjoyed (though not her favorite).  All in all, the five stars goes for the atmosphere, drink menu and service and good food....
4	After an event at the Montelucia my girlfriend and I headed to old town with another couple looking for a good dinner spot. We ended up at the Citizen House on their one month anniversary.The first thing was the service was great. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and sat. Within minutes we had a server taking our drink orders and asking for apps. The only negative is the kitchen still may be learning because our food took a while.We ordered the fondue and popcorn for apps and they were both great. The only thing is they don't give you enough dipping food for the fondue but bring you extra for more money. The popcorn was unreal I mean bacon flavored popcorn who could ask for more?For entrees our table ordered the scallops, chicken and chopped salad. All received great reviews. For dessert we order the bread pudding which was good not great. The bread pudding was a little bland but the makers mark ice cream was great.I will be making the Citizen House a regular stop in my old town dinner rotation.
5	Rich the magic man masterfully mixing the most mesmerizing manhattans, mai-tais, and mystical momentos of what will be a good evening for any manner of person.  I can only say that I only viewed the barrage of creativity displayed by all the mixologists on hand to stimulate our curiousity and to address our needs.  This place is not only offering an atmosphere that is warmed by its staff, it is offering a place that you can be guaranteed will appeal to all types of people because it is fantastically delicious! The menu is thoughtful.  No item seems misplaced and all is prepared matching seasonings with meats and veggies that are not always naturally paired.  I love the lamb meatballs with tzatziki sauce.  And who does ribs in a deep fried cherry BBQ sauce?  Where can you find a succulent lamb burger?  I mean these guys are even making their own ketchup.  You have to try the bread pudding too...don't play... it comes fondue style!  When I feel comfortable about the potential of a place to accommodate my discerning appetite, I usually ask about Cinzano and Campari.  I have often been disappointed, needless to say, by the absence of one or the other.  Rich actually one upped me.  He offered alternatively Compano Antica sweet vermouth.  I have never smelled such a great scent on a vermouth.  Wow.  I love it that we could speak the same language!If you are looking for a traditional public house where you see the gang everyday after work, I think you'll be disappointed.  It is more of a special place to slip away with a new date, or a bunch of new friends, or to show off your town to loved ones visiting. It is special enough to add just the right flavour to Fifth Ave.  Cheers!
5	A great restaurant and bar with a trendy assortment of foods and drinks ranging from the rosemary roasted nuts to the bacon fat infused pop corn.  The service at this place is first rate.  The employees know their dishes and their drinks.  The location is smack dab in the heart of Old Scottsdale.A fine selection of beers, hard liquor, energy drinks, etc.  A great choice!
4	Awesome Food and staff. Swanky spot with unique Menu. The Almond Tequila is the best!
5	Citizen Public House is one of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale. Everything is cooked perfectly. The ambiance and service are also excellent! All this at very very reasonable pricing.  it is worth mentioning that the drinks are great here too!I know it did not originate here, but this was the first place i had the "original" chopped salad. While it did not quite blow me away, it is different and delicious. Over the course of my business trip, i was able to try most of the entrees here . I had the wagyu burger, the filet, tenderloin, and also the short ribs. If it is your first time here, i would start with the chopped salad and the pork belly pastrami and choose the filet or short ribs as your entree. Everything is good here though! The burger is excellent too!stop reading and make that reservation!
4	I attended the Yelp mixer here courtesy of the elite Little Lady, so although I didn't have full dinner service I did like what I saw.  I think the place could best be described as the owner put it:  a "modern tavern."Pros:-They have Guinness on tap and pour it CORRECTLY.  A definite rarity in AZ.-Nice menu options and really reasonable price points.-Great patio that doesn't sit on a busy street-I friggin' love the concrete floors, need to find out who refinished them so they can do my house!Cons:-TBD, none yetI can't wait to have a full dinner service here, from what I saw they've put a lot of effort into the place--from menu and drinks to decor and service.  Maybe an actual long-term winner in Old Town???
4	I'm not exactly sure how we received an email notifying us about the opening of CPH....I'm just glad we did.  My guess is that we must have given our email when we ate at Cowboy Ciao several months ago.  In any case, my wife and I really enjoyed our dinner at CPH.  The waitress turned out to be the same one that helped us when we ate at Cowboy Ciao a few months back.  The calamari we ate was outstanding...the best tasting I've ever had.  The salad....that famous one with the facebook page....was awesome as always.  Then we had the rib roast...which was melt in your mouth good.  We'll be back for sure...soon!
5	If there was an option for 6 stars, I'd give it. This place is beyond great; from atmosphere and service, to drinks and food. I have been meaning to write about Citizen's for a month now. I find that it's a breath of fresh air in a field of farts. Old Town had become so....well, old and it leaves a lot to be desired in the way of "classy joints". This is a perfect marriage of class and fun; I'd say laid back elegance, if you will.The interior decor is such a drastic difference from the old Club "Next". It's sleek, modern yet comfortable, great bar space and patio and even rooms for private parties. I love the fresh flowers and candles. I went with a girlfriend of mine and we sat at the bar. We started off with two specialty cocktails. I don't recall the names but one had cucumber and the other had freshly brewed tea in it. They were complex, fresh and most importantly, STRONG. Richie the bar manager took great care of us. He created their drink menu which is accessible but exotic. He is super knowledgeable and friendly. 2 things you need in a bartender. He's easy on the eyes too, so that helps.For dinner, we shared the pork belly pastrami appetizer, chopped salad and scallops entree. Everything from start to finish was fantastic-you could taste and see Chef Bernie's influence in every dish. Complex flavors yet still had a comfort food feel, which I loved. At the end of the meal, Chef Bernie came out and talked to us. We saw him talking to every table and spending some time with all the guests which is pretty impressive, considering we went within the first two weeks they opened. He is a goddamn genius. Also, easy on the eyes...At the end of the meal, I went to the bathroom and may have had too much to drink because I dropped my phone in the toilet. Richie offered me his extra cell phone for a few days until I got a new one. Now THAT'S service! This place is awesome and you can't help but love and support two of the coolest dudes doing some innovative things with food and booze. Go support your local rock stars!
5	This is going to be the place to go in Old Town.  I had a fantastic time last Saturday.  Thomas was excellent at the bar.  He recommended the Citi-Zen martini, it was perfect, I had two.  We only had appetizers since we had dinner somewhere else, but everything around us looked fantastic.  The couple next to us was visiting from NY and they had the scallops and the chicken, both looked and smell great.  We will definitely be back with some friends.
5	SO good! Nice little mingle spot and good food with pleasant service! All around- GO! :)
5	Looking for a place in Scottsdale open late, my friend and I were very surprised to stroll into CPH at 9 pm and find a very classy place. As we were seated, we had this nagging feeling that we'd look at a menu that was $25 a plate or more. Thankfully, most of the menu was very reasonable, especially considering the quality of the food, which I'll get into later.The service was downright flawless. I wish I remembered the name of my waitress, because she was probably the most attentive waitress I've had in years. The atmosphere is classy, very white and black. However, the indie rock playing on the restaurant speakers reassured me that this was a place that was also comfortable with being casual as well, a juxtaposition that I am sure only exists in the state of Arizona.Now, to the food. I wasn't in an appetizer mood, so I went right in with the Wagyu Burger. I am not kidding when I say THIS WAS THE BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER HAD THE PLEASURE OF CONSUMING! I ordered it medium well, as is typical with me and burgers, but with the quality of the meat they used, I should have gone with medium at least in retrospect. Everything in the burger, the bun, the veggies, the cheese, the homemade mayo they had on the side, was flawless. The arugula fries on the side were some of the best fries I've ever had as well, and went amazingly well with their homemade ketchup.The cocktails were expensive and didn't contain anything that particularly stood out at me, but I'm sure they're great if you like what's in them. I paired my burger with a Duvel, which is great because I can rarely find that beer anywhere and it went perfectly.For dessert, I had the Cookies and Milk since I was feeling pretty full from the burger but still wanted a nice way to cap my evening. What I got was a bag of five of the best cookies I have ever tasted. They came in exotic flavors such as "spicy chocolate fudge" and "apple bacon brittle oatmeal" so if you want to take your sweet tooth on an adventure, I highly recommend it.This is quite a place if you're looking for a classy joint to enjoy a few drinks and great food, especially kind of late or on a date. One of the best places in the area, IMO.
5	Five stars for the cocktails, desserts, and service, four stars for the entrees I've sampled so far and the ambiance.Over a total of four visits to CPH, I've sampled five of their cocktails and a number of their appetizers and desserts along with two entrees, met and interacted meaningfully with all three of the owners (including the at least locally-renowned Chef Bernie Kantak, creator of Cowboy Ciao's Stetson Chop Salad [which is recreated here]), and generally thoroughly enjoyed myself on each occasion. The space is large enough to accommodate large parties or couples with equal aplomb. I've twice now toured the private upstairs space, and look forward to finding a fitting occasion to fill it with close friends. I've had fantastic service upon each of my visits - twice sitting at the bar, once at a Yelp event, and finally for a normal dinner, and feel completely confident in suggesting CPH to the most demanding diner. I'll update or edit this review to talk more about the food once I've had the short ribs and the lamb burger. The entrees I've tried thus far (the salmon and the chicken) didn't quite plumb the depths of my soul, and while the appetizers I sampled on other occasions were excellent, I don't remember any of them well enough to cover them in any detail. Hey, it was a busy month! I will say that the salads I've tasted are all amazing and that the bread pudding dessert was an absolute revelation right up there with the one delivered to John on the Isle of Patmos.I've saved what I feel to be the best feature of CPH for last: the drinks. I could attempt to describe the feeling of anticipation I felt watching Richie rinse the old fashioned glass in preparation for a sazerac, or the deep happiness the feel of the froth of the pisco sour brings me when it hits my lips, or even the wistful yet satisfied feeling I got when I drained the last drops of the bijou (pronounced bizh-OOOh) from its martini glass, but I won't bore you any further - just go and taste (and *feel*) for yourself.  The wine and beer lists will certainly offer you something you'll love, should your tastes run that way.  In sum: good food and great drinks served by lovely people in a nice setting for reasonable prices. Far and away my favorite bar in Old Town.
5	Super duper place in Historic Downtown! Service was excellent. No one in our party of 7 had  empty drink glasses. Then again, it was Monday night and there were probably only 2 other parties seated. Cheese Fondue was excellent, melty and creamy. I had the grilled cheese of the day. I don't remember what the cheese was, but it had chorizo in it, not just small chunks of it, but slices of it. I am in love with the Grilled Cheese of the Day concept. I would probably order it every time. I had the Korean pear salad to go with it: spicy arugula, pecans, Asian pears with a very light vinegarette. Prices were decent, atmosphere was classy, service was great! I would go back again...except I live in Surprise.
5	I love going to restaurants where I find myself planning my next visit before I'm even halfway through the meal. With the recent hype on Yelp, I decided to check it out. Citizen Public House has a cool vibe; good lighting, a vaulted cieling with dark wood beams, a large open patio, and a bar in the center of the room where all the drink magic happens. I didn't try a cocktail last night, but the drink list looked really good. A lot of classics with a twist. Our server was awesome - very helpful and passionate about the restaurant. We decided to share the wagyu burger and the grilled cheese of the day. Both were excellent! They came with pickled vegetables on the side (awesome flavor) and "healthy" fries (if you don't like greasy fries, these are perfect) served with homemade ketchup. They also rotate a sausage dish of the day (interesting combos such as Schreiner's sausage chorizo corn dogs). I'm excited to go back to try entrees and drinks. Yay for CPH!
5	Citizen Public House is simply amazing!  I went there last night with a friend and we loved it!  Cool place with a great vibe.  I normally drink red wine when I go out but last night I decided to step out of my comfort zone (thanks to one very knowledgeable and helpful bartender) and try a cocktail.  Thank goodness I did!  The Moe'scow Mule was fantastic and exactly what I wanted.  I told him I didn't like sweet drinks and he picked the right one for me.  Vodka, ginger beer, lime and cucumber.  It  was refreshing and delightful.  Next up comes some little samplings of their flavored tequila courtesy of that same bartender. Now that is what I call great service!  I actually don't like tequila but these were actually decent.  Choosing what to order for din din was difficult because everything sounded great!  I decided to go for the AZ BLT which had bacon, Campari tomato, and greens all on caramelized French bread with some sort of mayo heaven on it.  O-M-G!  It was by far the most delicious, perfect BLT I have ever had!  Seriously....I couldn't get enough. After dinner, Richie the Mixologist came over to us and my friend asked about a Bananas Foster drink she had over at the old Estate House.  Richie said he would make us HIS Bananas Foster drink to see what we thought.  Next thing you know he is lighting things on fire with a blow torch and mixing it all up.  Wow!  Quite a show and the finished product was heaven.  The perfect ending to a wonderful experience.The staff is very knowledgeable and passionate about their restaurant and it shows.  So warm and welcoming!  Citizen Public House is a diner's dream and I can't wait to go back to try everything else on the menu.  If you haven't been, you are truly missing out!!!
5	The best beer I've ever had in my life, I just had at Citizen Public House!  Sitting at the massive bar in the center of the restaurant, the bartender was very gracious in offering tasting pours for the unfamiliar selection of microbrews they had on tap.  It was in this manner that I discovered Lagunitas IPA - on draft, and so deliciously hoppy, fruity, and refreshing I am determined to find it back home in Texas!  While sitting at the bar, I had a chance to pore over their menu, which sounded A-MA-ZING.  Each dish was very thoughtfully laid out with amazing-sounding garnishes for each protein.  The prices were appropriate for the high-end cuisine, ranging from $13 for a Waygu burger to $32 for a porcini-dusted filet.  I can't really comment further, since I had dinner reservations down the street and sadly couldn't stay.The atmosphere was very cool and contemporary, very open.  It is definitely more of a restaurant than a "pub".  For a Friday night, it didn't seem that busy, which is a plus if you waited too long to make a reservation anywhere.This will be my first meal whenever I return to Scottsdale!
3	Monday night.  teenager is out of town on trip.  what to do?  head to Citizen Public House to try some of the dishes we've heard about.first thing -- though the address may "be" on 5th Ave., it faces Craftsman Court.  Understand if the PO won't let you change your address, but might be wise to make a mention of it on your website.  we drove up and down 5th twice looking for 7111.  we were one of three tables occupied at 6 p.m.  We chose indoors next to the open doors to the patio.  Wanted the ambiance of the indoors, not the so-so view of the street from the patio.  unfortunately the air conditioning was cranked full blast.  when made mention to server, all we got was "wow, really, we're really warm."we ordered cocktails, and had to catch our waitresses eye after she  and other staffers spent some time talking to a regular that had come in.  where's our drink?  oh, the bar didn't see the ticket -- and was busy talking to the regular.  shouldn't take 10 minutes to get a drink when you're two of 10 people in the restaurant. ordered the fondue -- used Kilt Lifter.  Cheese sauce was quite good -- not overpowering.  asian pear for dipping a nice touch, as well as the homemade hunter sausage.  the bread was fine.  one problem?  the sterno blew out as soon as the waitress left (told you there was a draft from the a/c) and she was not seen anywhere.  so...we ate fast.crispy squid were just okay.  the highlight of the night?  the pork belly pastrami with rye spaetzel (typically little blobs of dough dropped into boiling water...these were bigger, cylindrical shaped), and an outstanding brussels sprouts sauerkraut.  could eat three more plates of this in one sitting it was so good.  (actually, was dreaming about the spaetzel on the way over, but due to its shape and denseness, it took a backseat to the brussels....).we split the grilled halloumi cheese sandwich.  good....would order it for a lunch, but nothing outstanding.what stole the show?  the apple/bacon bread pudding with bourbon brown sugar sauce.  we ditched the cinnamon ice cream on top and just focused on the sweet, smoky, crispy on the outside, gooey on the inside pudding with its not too cloying sauce.overall...good place for a good drink and some eats.  destination restaurant for best food in town?  no.  service is casual.  not bad, just casual.  if you've got nowhere to go, you'll be okay with it.meanwhile, i'm trying to figure out how to get more of that pork belly pastrami and brussels.....
5	On our way out of town, my wife and I stopped by Citizen Public House for dinner. What a wonderful end to our trip. A true high note. We only had an hour to eat before our plane left so we quickly ordered the legendary Chop Salad and 2 hot dogs (they were a special on the menu that night). The salad is famous for a reason. It's phenomenal. And the hot dogs? Crazy good. Just great attention to detail in every aspect of the experience (including the great music mix on the stereo). Our server (Dina? Gina?Sorry) was all class and good humor and very knowledgable. At the end of the meal Bernie, the chef and owner, came out to say hi. We probably freaked him out with our excitement level but it was all genuine. We live in the SF Bay Area, a mecca for food, but I would I would gladly trade a few artisanal pizza joints for a Citizen in our neighborhood. Here's wishing them all the best with their impressive new venture.
4	Awesome crab cakes and the one of the best scallop dishes I've ever eaten. The scallops were delicious and the grits were smooth & creamy. Cool atmosphere. Was able to sit at a table in the bar area without waiting.
3	fun environment and menu. food and service was, meh....just ok. drinks weren't as strong as what we paid for.
4	Well worth finding a parking spot.  I have been for lunch and dinner both the same menu.  The food was excellent fresh and I was told local.
2	A little more pretentious than I expected from reading other reviews.  Good luck finding parking.  And if you want a table, get a reservation.
5	I have gone here 3 times during my work trip to Phoenix.  The first night, started with the Original Chopped Salad, followed by the Filet Mignon, and finished with Strawberry Poundcake.  Salad was very good with a great pallet of different flavors.  The steak was perfectly cooked and paired with the potatoes and greens was phenomenal.  The poundcake was ok... nothing too special.The second night, I started again with the Original Chopped Salad, followed by the Wagyu burger.  Once again, the salad satisfied my craving created after I had it the first night.  The wagyu burger was cooked as perfectly as the steak.  The fries were fresh with a slight crisp.The third time I went was during lunch.  Again, decided to get the Chopped Salad.  Shared the crabcakes with a buddy.  And had the Wagyu burger again.  The salad again was great.  Crabcakes are a bit on rich side for my taste.  The wagyu burger was awesome.  The fries were a bit stale.All in all, great restaurant and would definitely go back.  Recommend: The Original Chopped Salad, Filet Mignon, and Wagyu burger.
4	I'm a poor college student, therefore, I don't eat at places this nice very often. We came in last night around 8. The room is very spacious and beautifully decorated with a nice ambiance. The service kind of confused me, because I'm used to servers wanting you in and out as soon as possible. Here, they get your drink order, then get your appetizer order. They don't get your meal order until AFTER you finish your appetizer, just in case you change your mind after eating the appetizer. The head chef, I believe, of the restaurant personally delivered our appetizer and chatted us up for a good 15 minutes. We got the pork belly as our appetizer and it was really good, basically melted in your mouth. I ordered the AZ BLT and my friend ordered the grilled halloumi cheese. Both were REALLY good. The BLT came with homemade bacon and the cheese on the grilled cheese was super tasty. I ended up switching sandwiches with my friend because I enjoyed the halloumi cheese more! We finished off the meal with the bread pudding which, like everything else, was absolutely fabulous. I'd give the restaurant five stars, but the drink orders took FOREVER. This was there only downfall. Besides that, I would definitely return, especially to check out the sexy, bald bartender with the tattoos.
4	Citizen Public House is just one course away from 5-stars. It was sad really because it is that last dessert course, the final swan song of the meal, that I most remember and it was terrible (some of the most awful dessert I have ever had). On the upside the dessert did have a really tough act to follow; the cocktails were amazing, the appetizers scrumptious, the main course delicious, and the service excellent.The hummus appetizer had some of the best hummus, pita, and pickles I have ever had. For the main course I had the Smart Chicken and for a chicken dish it was outstanding. Now they tell you that it comes with mushroom onion hash, but really it is just a saute served over the chicken which is perched atop a lovely corn risotto. It is the flavor that counts and that was out of this world. There is just nothing like a dish that presents such dimension of flavors and delights the palette. My co-diners were all equally pleased with their mains.Sadly things took a serious downturn at dessert. We ordered the cookies and the strawberry pound cake. There were about 4 different cookies in a bag presented to us, they were not warmed, and honestly out of the four of us we couldn't find one of them we liked. We felt a place and bake cookie from the grocery store would have been better, *sorry* but I have to tell the truth. The pound cake was supposed to be an olive oil cake, which I have had many of in the past and so when I got this dry scone-like cake instead of something moist and perfectly rich I was greatly disappointed. Not to mention there wasn't one fresh or macerated strawberry on the plate, in fact those that were cooked into the cake were not even identifiable as a strawberry any longer.Despite the sad ending to our meal, I would highly recommend you give this place a try, just skip dessert. They have only been open about a month and are doing a phenomenal job. I will definitely be headed back when in Scottsdale again.
5	Cute and fancy. Cocktails, wine, and selection of foods topped off the day.The wide availability of pork bellies reminded me of Houston grade food  institutes, but it kept a very Northern Californian vibe and soul over all.I hadn't seen this venue included in the "places to get cocktails" circuits yet, but it would place well in that categorical.
5	Visited this restaurant in mid-March 2011 on my last trip to AZ.  By far, the best restaurant I've been to in a long time.The hostess was friendly when we arrived - when we were informed that our table wasn't quite ready, she took us to the bar for some drinks and went and started putting the table together herself.The bartender was great - very courteous and knowledgeable about the menu.  Also, thanks for the recommendation about the Lagunitas IPA - great beer!  I'm also a fan of any place that has Tito's vodka on the menu! :)The service at our table was impeccable - relaxed yet attentive and extremely knowledgeable about every item on the menu.The menu selection was great...amazing ingredients assembled in some very unique ways.  I had the lamb burger and it was incredible - first one I'd had and opened my eyes to some new culinary options!  Wasn't a big fan of the "house made ketchup," but not a big deal at all.If you're in the Scottsdale area, I highly recommend checking out CPH.
5	I have beeen wanting to try CPH for months, eyeing the menu online and waiting patiently to indulge. So when I finally did my expectations were exceeded. This place does not disappoint; from the friendly and professional service, classy yet laid back ambiance, and the more than amazing food. Theyalso have unique hand crafted cocktails and a well selected beer and wine list.I really enjoyed the crabake starter which had a great, fresh taste and a delicious slaw. The Kiltlifter cheese fondue was perfect to mingle with the sausage, bread, and pears. The short ribs are out of this world good along with the parsnip puree. The "Tender Belly" pork loin was as promised, very tender and served with a sweet potato spatzle, goat cheese, and fig and mustard sauce that made me feel all good inside. You can tell that all of the dishes are well thought out and perfectly composed. Now on to dessert... you can not leave this place without getting the "Pig in the Orchard" bread pudding (bread pudding with apples and BACON) Just incredible, I want this for breakfast please. I can not wait to try more of the delicious food. I will be back, maybe today.
4	My review is only for the bar and drinks! My girlfriend and I came here upon hearing that they serve Irish Coffee. We recently visited San Francisco and had Irish Coffee at the Buena Vista Social Club and wanted to relive that amazing night. The Irish Coffee here of course wasn't as good as SF but it was very good! The bartender was very friendly. The drinks were pretty steep at $10 each but they are meant to enjoy at a leisurely pace.
5	Finally, a place in Scottsdale that is hip without being douchey and has great food and service.  I commend you Citizen Public House.We made a reservation here on a Saturday night.  Got there, really cool granite counter for the host stand.  We were greeted by smiles and shown to a table behind the bar.  The atmosphere is really cool, dimly lit.Gina was our server and she was fantastic.  We ordered a bottle of "The Boxer" and it was fantastic.  Gina knew her wine and really seemed to enjoy talking with us about different vineyards.  She even brought out samples of another wine similar to what we were drinking so we could see the difference in color.  Now that is really great service, so great, we opened another bottle.  The food was fantastic, very well prepared and came out with great timing.  Gina's brother, Richie, is the Mixologist-Partner here and he came out to the table to talk wine with us as well.  We ended up all exchanging info and talking about a few hard to find bottles.  AMAZING service here and the food is great.  Ask for Gina if you come in, some of the best hospitality I've ever had.
4	A few friends and I came to Citizen Public House last friday evening for a late dinner around 9:15pm. Even at this hour, CPH was still pretty well filled up. The decor is nice, but you can definitely tell it used to be an art gallery with the way the walls are set. CPH made good use of the space however, and lighting as well, with lots of clean lines and dark woods. Our server, was absolutely fantastic. He came with good suggestions for wine pairings, knowledge about the menu, and timed our food to an absolute T. I ordered the chopped salad, which was to die for. I've never had smoked salmon in my chopped salad before, but the array of flavors and colors was just beautiful in this dish. Looking at the menu there literally isnt a dish on the menu I wouldnt try. I cant wait to go back and dig in again. The sole snafu of the night was with our bill, they accidentally charged my friend 3x for the total bill, which was expensive for 6 of us. Rich (one of the managers) was quick to try and fix it, but come tuesday morning it still wasnt fixed from friday. My friend went back in on Wednesday to try and have it fixed, wherein another one of the managers was present and apparently took a lot of attitude with my friend. Despite the snafu with the bill, we will still come back.
3	Their menu promised food likely to send any foodie into a blissful food coma.  I didn't quite reach food coma status, I'd say nap status would be more accurate.  The wagyu burger, made from meat that is considered one of the most fatty cuts of beef, was dry probably because the chef cooked it medium well instead of medium rare per our request.  Minus 1.  The fondue light kept going out, minus 1.  But the waiter made it his mission to keep it lit all throughout dinner, so plus 1 for service.  The fondue accompaniments were aite.  Nothing to write home to mom about but they did have asian pears.  Plus 1.The pork belly dish was freaking amazing.  Caramalized brussel sprouts, spaetzle, it was all done to perfection.  The only thing wrong about it was that there wasn't enough.  Plus 2.  Beers during happy hour were 2 bucks.  Plus 1.-1-1+1+1+2+1=3 stars
4	You have to try this place to appreciate it.  At a glance, the menu seems a bit ho-hum considering the price, but that notion vanished as soon as our waiter, Tomas, started explaining the items to us.  Though very down-to-earth, he had a story-teller's gift for describing the food in a manner that brought out its complexity and our lust.  The chef demonstrated the same talent in execution.  The Korean pear salad is good, but you get to watch the preparation of the original chopped salad -- no ordinary thing.  The pork belly pastrami is rich beyond imagination.  Even the mac and cheese is yummy.  The pan-seared scallops sitting on a bed of grits may be the best dish there, but the smart chicken and short ribs are also hard to ignore.  The dessert menu almost tricked me also.  At first glance, nothing for chocolate lovers, but the Pot de Creme has a serious surprise on the bottom.  I'd also go back for the bread pudding.The location and layout are convenient though not particularly memorable.  Though the patio is small the restaurant proper opens into it with some large doors to provide an outdoor feel.
5	So nice to have a new type of environment to hang out in Scottsdale.Decor - Its so clean and sophisticated sharp decor right when you walk in tn the door , you immediately want a drink when you see the beautiful bar in the center of the floor. OK OK I'm a little obsessed I know:) with good reason!!Food- I have tried several things on the menu and was impressed with every hing ! LAMB BURGER!!! a must!!!Service was friendly and professional. This place is here to stay !
5	Pure yummmies! Went for my birthday dinner and had the scallops with corn grits - blissful! Would highly recommend.
5	This was our first time visiting and I have absolutely no complaints about this place. The service was outstanding. I had the smart chicken and the husband, the pork belly. Both meals had spot on flavors and just the right portions. Being a big bread pudding fan, we had to order the pig in the orchard bread pudding. While the combination of ingredients looks different, the flavors are amazing. This is definitely not a meat and potatoes type of place. You must be open to new flavors or you could be disappointed.
3	What we ate:Bacon fat popcorn - yummy Gorgonzola Mac and Cheese - yummyBLT of the day - glad we split this, it was good but super richAt this point I wish there would have been a small palate cleanser offered, the food is so rich and something small and light would have helped me decide to order more.  Instead I ordered the chopped salad and I was happy with it, though would have ordered a main course instead if something small and light would have been offered.  The rest of our party ordered main course's and I tried all of them, the roasted parsnip puree was awesome and so were the scallops.  The BBQ dipping sauce for the short ribs was very heavy and the short ribs were better without it.  The service was great, we had a reservation and were seated right on time.  The drinks were great and inventive.  I probably won't return to have a full dinner here, but drinks and the popcorn for sure, maybe a happy hour.
4	I was in town for the Culinary Arts Festival and got a recommendation for this place for Friday night. The place looked cool and the server was very friendly. I started with the sangria and it was a good place to start. Between the three of us, we started with the flatbread, the original chopped, and the korean pear salad. All three were tasty and delicious. I loved the flavors of my salad the best, but the chopped had a lot of taste going on and the hummus was smooth and subtle (ie-not too heavy on the garlic). Great start to the meal indeed. For dinner, I ordered the halibut and my dinner partners-in-crime ordered the pork tenderloin and the short-ribs. Bites of all three confirmed tastiness once again. To round things out, dessert menus arrived.  We ordered the strawberry poundcake, the bread pudding, and the cookies and milk. And here is where they lost that fifth star. The cookies were terrible. Three of the four were hard as rocks. The spicy chocolate was the only one with flavor that was recognizable. The other three were kitchen experiments gone awry--and not awry in that "this is experimental and new so it must be good" kind of way. Awry in that spit this out and we know why they serve it with milk kind of way. If you are going to have an awesome restaurant and you want to be clever by offering cookies and milk, bake some good cookies. Or buy good cookies. If they can make bread pudding, they can make cookies (or take them completely off the menu).
4	What a great addition to downtown Scottsdale dining! The location gives diners on the small patio a fantastic quiet and quaint streetside view with white lights, trees and the occasional horse-drawn carriage clomping by. Loved the list of handcrafted, unique cocktails. My Citi-Zen hit just the right note of tanginess with a hint of ginger, sweet and sour and pear vodka. Our server treated us like old friends with some great info on the cocktails and dishes. We felt like we were in an established neighborhood joint and not some corporate clone place! Started with the incredibly addictive bacon popcorn and then moved to several starters - the crab cakes were light and full of crab, not filler, with a tangy slaw; the fondue is really fun and rich with a combo of apples, sausage and bread to dip. The lamb burger reminded us of a very fancy gyro - rich lamb flavor tempered by the creamy sauce and a fantastic bun. Overall a fun, tasty and satisfying experience. If you don't want a big dinner, there is a long list of bar noshes and starters along with full entrees.
4	Very cool addition to Scottsdale.  We enjoyed some drinks at the bar this past weekend and really liked this place.  The bartenders were great - friendly and very helpful.
5	Wow! We went on 4/20/11, and were appetizer and drink hopping around Scottsdale. On our way to dinner we came across this wonderful place. Nothing much to look at from the outside, but were pleasantly surprised, open and comfortable. My husband and I sat at the bar, ordered a few appetizers: Pork Belly Pastrami and Crab Cakes w/ brussel sprout slaw....sorry, I drifted off thinking about how outstanding and delicious they were! Thomas our bartender who knew EXACTLY how every dish was perpared and expaining w/ such passion, we can tell he loves what he does! Next time the reservation will be here! Looking forward to trying EVERYTHING! Hope Thomas is working!
5	Simply fantastic all the way around. Incredible service backed up by innovative food and drink ideas. I have had shrimp and grits before (a favorite on Bravo's Top Chef). Citizen Public house simply substituted scallops for the shrimp and it turned out great. For desert I had milk and cookies. No kidding.  I've not had milk and cookies since I was a kid, and it was all that I remembered it to be. The cookies were an assortment of gourmet locally made gems so whatever type of cookie you remember from your childhood, it's probably represented here.  Some soft, some a bit on the hard side, which needed a little longer soak. There are some great new cocktail ideas on the bar menu as well as some old classics that they manage to pull off quite well. All in all, CPH is a great restaurant.
3	I must preface this review by saying my expectations were very high for CPH. For no reason really, I hadn't heard any recommendations I just thought this place would be awesome.  Maybe it's all in the name, nevertheless I was disappointed. The food was above average probably deserving more them three stars but everything else was average at best. Well except the lighting, that seemed to be the perfect level of dim. The decor was bland, the walls seemed stark, random plastic house plants were the only decoration other then the poorly framed and hung black and whites. As you can probably already tell my disappointment lies almost totally in the ambiance. It just lacked that something cool that many other restrantuants in the Phoenix area these days have. But like I said the food was above average, i had the burger and it was good (the fries are exceptional). The service was very good and there are some good specialty drinks that were well made.  I would recommend at least 5 other places to try before this one especially given the price.
3	I decided to give this place a whirl yesterday on my lunch about 5pm from work  the space was nice open airy the staff from front of the house to The wait staff all were very friendly linens on the tables as well as linen napkins the only thing was the menu was a little lack luster the appetizer selection was fair. Hummus,tzatziki  , served w/flat bread ,selection of olives a couple of pork belly selections I had the lamb burger I ordered medium it was served a more rare but was still good the did offer some higher priced entrees and there were other selections of burgers and sandwiches thus the name gastro pub  they had some good beers on tap
3	I have been here 3 times and I am torn between 3 and 4 stars. I have had a good meal here everytime but somethings are much better than others. Lets start with the passables, which would be almost every sandwich or burger they have on the menu. Not to say that they are bad, but for $13 you can get a much better burger or grilled cheese sandwich at many other phoenix eateries. Another item i was unimpressed with was a Fish and Chips special which was priced at $20. It came out with 2 small panko crusted halibut filets and fries. It was a somewhat decent amount of food when you added the fries to the equation, but the batter was bland and the fish was dried out. Many other places around the valley have much better fish and chips for around half the price.Moving on to the good menu items, I would have to start with the $32 Filet which is amazing. One of the best steaks I have had in arizona and equal and if not better in quality to one you would get at any high end steakhouses. Other good choices include the scallops, which were cooked perfectly and bursting with flavor. Another one of my favorites of this menu is the chopped salad which is fantastic and a must order.I would review the desserts but I have never ordered one since none of them on the menu have caught my attention.The service is always prompt and professional, they have a beer list and innovative specialty cocktails. The ambiance is above average and more intimate then most "gastropubs".So all in all, would I go back? Yes, but only when i can afford to order a high priced and deliicious entree, otherwise I can get my burger or sandwich fix elsewhere.
4	Great new spot in old town. My first visit was a preview event and things were a little rough, but since then, this place has really delivered. I dislike the term "mixologist" but I do appreciate artfully crafted cocktails and CPH has that. The drink menu is unique and offers a good variety of different tastes. Plus, the bartenders are always helpful and friendly. The bar, which really is the center piece of the restaurant, is a great spot for a pre-dinner, post-dinner, or pre-pre drink. The food is also winning. The pork belly pastrami is amazing, the green lip mussels are good and equally unique. For entrees, you can't go wrong with the short ribs, may be the best in town. Finally, service is great, another hard find in Phoenix. Hopefully, CPH is continuing the trend of FNB and other places that focus on quality and service, versus table turn over and mass appeal.
5	In one word, YUM! Loved the food here. I am known for getting scallops quite frequently and these were cooked to perfection. The appetizers were great as well and the portions were definitely generous. Service was superb. Gina, our server, was personable and took our dining experience from good to freaking outstanding!  I'm a bit of an indecisive orderer and am therefore appreciative of the servers' opinion. Gina gave honest, enthusiastic recommendations, not only with food but also our wine pairings. Decor was dark and comfortable. They had a great bar set up as well and have a fantastic specialty cocktail and beer list. Next time we head back, we will plan to belly up and get our drink on!  Overall, I can't find anything negative about this place. Kudos!
4	The ambiance:  classy, relaxing, & unpretentiousThe service:  first rateThe server:  knowledgeable, attentive, friendlyThe food:  very, very goodThe check:  very reasonableWould we go back:  without a doubt!!
5	Fantastic dinner spot in the heart of Scottsdale!  The service was impeccable and the choices were very interesting.  The "famous" chopped salad was a must get.  It was prepared completely differently than I anticipated.  The smoked salmon (lox) in the salad was a tremendously tasty ingredient!  I loved the salad and would order it again in a heartbeat.For dinner my wife and I got the Smart Chicken and the Wagyu Burger.  the Smart Chicken was rich and tasty.  Definitely a good call.  The burger had some very interesting flavor combinations that were all a good call.  The sliced carrots and pickled onions made a nice crunchy taste to the burger.  The Challah bun was a nice touch, but ended up being a little more dry that I would have desired.  To provide some honest feedback, I told our server that the food was great, but that the bun was a little dry.  She went and talked with the Chef and came back to tell us that they were really sorry that the bun was dry and that they wanted to comp our burger.  Wow, that was completely not necessary, but incredibly nice!  They said that they wanted to be sure we were completely satisfied with our experience and were sorry that it was not as perfect as they had planned.This place was top notch on their presentation, service and quality!  I would go back in a heartbeat!Many Thanks Citizen Public House!
4	Have you ever heard of a salad that is so popular that it has its own Facebook page? I know I couldn't believe it either, but this isn't any ordinary salad. Think tidy rows of smoked salmon, Israeli couscous, asiago cheese, arugula, sweet dried corn, black currants and pepitas (toasted pumpkin seeds) topped with a creamy pesto dressing all tossed table-side. The Stetson Chopped Salad should not only have its own fan page but its creator, Chef Bernie Kantak, should be given a hug every time you see him at his new Citizen Public House. Located in what used to be the valleys original Trader Vic's, there isn't a tiki torch in sight. Instead you'll find a contemporary space outfitted with wood accents, leather booths and a stainless steel-topped bar. The vibe is casual and relaxed elevated by outstanding service on every one of my visits. If you're wondering what a public house is, well simply put it's a tavern that also serves food. While they do serve some great drinks and have an excellent wine list, I'd be hard pressed to call Citizen a mere tavern. How many taverns have you ever heard of serving pork studded Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn ($5)? Or how about a pot filled with creamy 'Kilt Lifter' Fondue ($9) savory hunter's sausage, sweet tangy pears and toasted country bread? If you have, please let me know right away.For dinner I couldn't recommend The Original Chopped Salad ($12) more but if you don't like smoked salmon, they can make it with chicken instead. The Mirliton Chopped Salad ($12), a composition including chayote, snow pea greens, tomatoes, popcorn, grilled halloumi cheese; cucumber-onion salad tossed with a tangy parsley-garlic dressing was a fantastic textural explosion but lives in the shadow of its older sibling.I'm not even sure where to start with the entrees; I guess it comes down to price point. Take the lower priced lusciously juicy Lamb Burger ($12) topped with a cucumber salad, zesty tzatziki and served with fries, you'd think with flavor and quality like this would be much more expensive. At the other end of the price range sit the fantastically meaty Fair Trade Coffee Charred Short Ribs ($28) complete with a side of brightly sour dried cherry bbq sauce and roasted parsnip puree. Somewhere in between is the juicy "Smart" Chicken ($18) which refers to the brand not the chicken's admission into the Mensa Society. Desserts by Tracy Dempsey were all that and a bag of cookies, literally. Cookies and Milk ($6) were delightfully chewy and come served in a sealed pouch for freshness, of course the milk was ice cold just perfect for dunking. Three words, Strawberry Pound Cake ($9). A thick slice of strawberry olive oil pound cake is lightly grilled then served with vanilla malted ice cream, chocolate sauce and malted strawberry streusel and like the Stetson salad it was Facebook worthy.
4	I went here for restaurant week with the Bf last friday night. It was really good. We had a really good server who was friendly and efficient.  For our appetizers, the BF got the bacon fat popcorn and thought it was fantastic.... I'm not a huge fan of bacon, but it was ok in my opinion. I got the Mirliton salad, which was delicious! It has such a variety of textures and flavors, it had popcorn, chayote (which I had never had), cheese, cucumber, onion and really tasty dressing. I would definitely order that again. For mains, the BF got the pork tenderloin, which was absolutely delicious! I was so mad that he ordered better than me (like usual). It was the pork with mashed sweet potato, chevre, and figs with apple jus... it was so delicious and full of flavor. I ordered the chicken which I absolutely would not order again (that's where the star came off). It was chicken with a corn risotto and an onion and mushroom hash. It was all kind of smokey.... but not in a good way, and did not have a flavor that I liked. The risotto was not sweet like I thought it would be... and all the flavors kind of blended together so you couldn't taste the components. I make a better risotto at home, so I was very disappointed. Luckily for me, the BF shared some of his pork with me. So for desserts the BF got the pig in the orchard, which is a bacon bread pudding with a cinnamon -y ice cream. This was good, but my dessert beat the pants off of it (woot!!). I got the pot de creme. This was the highlight of the meal! It was amazing... it was a whiskey, coffee, and chocolate pot de creme and it was so rich and delicious.... if I could eat it everyday, I would, and I would be fat and wouldn't care..... So overall, it was good and I would definitely come back HOWEVER I would definitely not order the chicken again.
3	I hate to go against the usual rating for this place, but after my experience Friday night I really don't see how a 4 star is warranted. I must say though, I do see the potential and would go back again to give it a second try, but here are my thoughts about my first experience at Citizen Public House. First of all, we went to CPH during restaurant week for a business dinner, so part of my experience may be tainted by the reason I was there. I really felt the initial service was lacking. We wanted to change seats, but our waitress didn't come to our table for about 10 minutes, so we had to ask the hostess to move us. Then, it took another 10 minutes to clear another table, which was empty in order for us to move seats. Once we were seated at the new table, our waitress was prompt, helpful, and extremely delightful. As far as the food goes, I was expecting to be blown away based on the reviews. My experiences at FnB and other restaurants in town completely surpassed CPH food. I did love the pork fat popcorn. I had never had something like that at a restaurant and I loved the bacon. It seems that CPH loves bacon overall as it was very present on their menu, including apple bacon bread pudding, which was just alright. I had the smart chicken which was really standard chicken and risotto. My Husband really enjoyed his scallops, but didn't like the coffee pot dessert. So, long story short, I would give CPH a second try, but I wouldn't go running back any time soon. I'd say my experience was unique given the trend on yelp.
4	Love this restaurant! Very relaxed and relatively quiet atmosphere. Great beers on tap and great bottle selection. Food is done really well and the bartenders are very friendly. I'll definitely continue eating here.
4	Went on a Monday and got a kick out of how it used to be the bar/club called Next a number of years ago.  The servers seemed a little too busy because I am sure they were understaffed for that evening.  The servers were happy and the busers/food runners were on top of there game.  It was nice to get a free chopped salad because we got a bottle of wine.  The chopped salad was amazing as always (cowboy ciao original) Since the weather has still been nice out, the patio was packed.  Unfortunately the draft beer lines were not cooled (I experienced this managing a bar....not fun) so no beer on draft was available.  Not a big deal having had the bottle of win.  For dinner we split the scallops and halibut which was fantastic....we should have maybe stayed for dessert but went to Yogurtland. LOL.  The price was right, ambiance was good, food was good, too
3	First time dining here - we went for restaurant week. Overall, it was ok. My expectations were really built up by these reviews, and in relation I was a bit underwhelmed. It's still a good restaurant, but I expected great, so that's influencing my rating here.As for the deets... atmosphere was excellent and I'm glad to have a place like this in the area. We had mixed reviews on the food, however. The bacon popcorn was interesting and tasty. The chopped salad was amazing and I agree completely with other reviewers on that one. I would have liked that as an entree size and skipped my main plate. I got the pork sirloin, which was dried out and the flavors were trying too hard. Maybe it was exacerbated by the contrast between it and the salad before it, which was so lovely and subtle in how it came together. I was disappointed. I got my fiance to agree to split the entrees and had part of his Smart Chicken. It was certainly better - well cooked and juicy, with delicious crisp skin on top, but the flavors were overpoweringly earthy - the balance wasn't to my taste with too much mushroom (I love mushrooms but to be fair, these were one of the few kinds I don't like for this reason). As for dessert - I had the bacon apple bread pudding, and though I liked it, some of the bacon inside was too soft and put me off as far as texture. I also didn't like the strong smokiness left in my mouth in the end of the meal. I've had bacon in desserts before that did a better job balancing the sweetness with the meatness and this was just ok.
1	I went with another Yelper who had gone to the Yelp event at Citizen's, however, we didn't have the same experience as she had at the Yelp event.  We had cups of iced tea (Starbucks)  that the hostess didn't say we couldn't bring in, a server just came by and was about to take them until we asked why..I asked how a particular drink was..was it sweet, the waitress said it was more savory which I thought well it sounded good..umm skip the Aviation, even had my friends try it and they too thought I should send it back however I got the feeling that I would be charged for the drink and charged again for whatever else I ordered, so I let it sit on the table and see how long it would take the waitress to notice..never did..another server/busboy came by to take my plate, and I just told him to take the drink, he never questioned nor asked what was wrong..all in all poor service.We had the mussel chowder..skip it!  The 8 mussels makes the bowl look full, underneath, hardly any leeks and potatoes but a lot of celery! And the chowder was really runny. And for $9, seriously for mussels which are one of the cheapest seafood to purchase.When I was going to the restroom, I noticed to ladies totally bored and annoyed, just sitting side by side with just water in front of them.  I thought to myself, have they been served or asked??  I walked back out and they were out the door pretty quickly.Would I go back? Umm..no..the pricing of the food is similar to Fez and other foodie spots and reasonable, however the quality and the quantity not so much....oh..and the service..I've had better.
4	Took a large party here a little over a month ago and loved every minute of it.  The menu offers everything from their famous chop salad ( you seen it before at cowboy ciao) to amazing short ribs.  The cocktail menu is quite unique and the wine list offers a lot of range.  Great HH or CPH as they call it 3 - 6 daily.  What I like best is the size of the menu and the fact that you can spend anywhere from 10 to 25 on an entree depending on your mood.  It's a little tough to find tucked on a side street but do not miss this great addition to old town Scottsdale.Matt C
4	This place was great! The food was good. Expected prices. They had some great original cocktails too. The portions weren't really big, but they filled you up. The atmosphere was nice too. It was in a great location too because we got to see a neat part of downtown scottsdale. Staff was friendly.
4	Good sized bar surrounded by tables with white table cloths, casual, sophisticated atmosphere.  Wine from US, France, New Zealand.  Good selection.  Everything from inexpensive snacks to sandwiches and salads to delicious full blown meals.  The whole nine yards done well.  I had the pork loin served creatively with sweet potato in phillo with delicious goat cheese and figs.  Absolutely delicious.  My date had halibut and was very happy with it.
5	First off go to tenderbelly.com and order your "Bacon, It's Good For Ya" t-shirt. Then head over to CPH and order a properly made moscow mule and some bacon fat popcorn to get started. I really have nothing but good things to say about this place. I have had the pork belly, the filet, the burger, gourmet grilled cheese, hummus, and a few more things. The temperature, portion size, flavors, and prices on everything have been spot on. For those of you who are in to the current trend of supporting local and smaller business ventures, I found out that this place was started by a couple of local service industry guys along with Chef Bernie. Bernie uses tenderbelly pork and *Smart Chicken chicken. I googled both to find out why he chose these companies. The deserts are made by a local women and sold at the restaurant. They do change occasionaly.Chef Bernie is also the creator of the famed "Stetson Salad" going by the name "Original Chopped" at CPH. Anyone who is from Scottsdale is probably aware of the popularity of this single item. So if you have friends visiting from out of town, or you are visiting yourself, this is a local fave.I recently had a bartender friend tell me "I'm so tired of hearing the term mixologist". It may be overused, but this bar can probably get away with it. I am mainly a wine drinker, but they have a long list of really unique cocktails on the menu and I notice a few new ones added every few visits. Richie is one of those guys where you can say "i had something that was like blah, blah, blah, but have no idea what was in it" and he will probably figure out what you are talking about even when you aren't quite sure. The last good thing I will say is liking CPH on FB is worth it. I notice many places that never seem to update anything. CPH is very good about keeping you in the loop about the daily special, deal, and new dishes.
1	Keep on walking......My friend and I each tried different dishes and shared.  He got nice roast and I got a hamburger.  The place is really nice....open, bright......but the food is just a BIG disappointment.  A hamburger + 2 good beers was $37.   Expect to pay a lot for your food here.Both dishes were poor.....sorry, really wanted to like this one....
5	Fantastic gastro pub...very trendy layout.  Staff are very friendly and the food was delicious...would definitely go back
5	D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S!!  This place is was AMAZINGLY good! We came across it when yelping for a dinner/music on a Saturday night (Very cool you can make reservations through yelp, btw).  Ironically, no music but we were extremely satisfied with the meal.  Ambiance was a clean, open, minimalist, dark setting.  Has a romantic feel to it.  The staff was HILARIOUS!  We wish we could remember our server's name but he was someone we could have been friends with!  Very funny and knowledgeable of the menu, spices, dishes.  We started with the tzatziki and hummus plate..so addicting.  We shared the signature chop salad and let us make it very clear....GET THE CHOP SALAD!  It's a unique twist to the common salad, with a unique blend of marinated tomatoes, smoked salmon, pepitas, couscous and so many other yummy ingredients. We also shared the scallops that were cooked to perfection placed on grits and spinach.  Even the bread and olive oil were delicious.  One of our favorite places to dine in Old Town Scottsdale.  We will definitely return and highly recommend!!
5	Me and a couple friends from San Francisco were in Phoenix for a conference, so we went on Yelp to find a decent place to have dinner and drinks.  CPH's high rating caught our eyes so we decided to give it a try.  We went on a weekday around 6:30pm and we were seated immediately.  I don't drink, but they seem to have a decent selection of drinks there and my boyfriend really liked the beer he got.  Our waitress (excellent service by the way) highly recommended the chopped salad ($12)so we ordered that, the cheese fondue, the seared scallops (entree, $24), mac & cheese and crab cakes.  I'm normally not a salad person - being Asian, I preferred my veggies cooked.  However, I do love smoked salmon, so I tried a bite of my bf's chopped salad.  Wow!  I was impressed.  The mix of spinach, corn, couscous, pumpkin seeds and salmon created a unique texture and the flavor was perfect with the dressing.  I ended up finishing my bf's salad after he was filled up on the cheese fondue, which was also excellent.  My seared scallops were fantastic as well.  They absorbed the flavor of the bacon bits and were very tender.  I tried a bite of my friend's mac & cheese and it was delicious as well.  Overall, we were very impressed that such a gem exists in Scottsdale.  We couldn't help but think that if the place were in the Bay Area, it would be PACKED every night.  Also, the pricing is very reasonable for the quality of the food and service.
5	You should consider this an update of my review of the Yelp Event at Citizen's Public House. http://www.yelp.com/user_details_review_search?userid=v-gCiEr8vr9JnMkkR5Uq_A&q=citizen%27s+public+houseEver since the amazing drinks we had at the Yelp event I've wanted to go back to Citizen's Public House. So we stopped in tonight, our 23rd wedding anniversary, after dinner at a French restaurant we wanted to try. Richie Moe, mixologist extraordinare and my drink hero was busy so his apprentice, Chris, made me an amazing drink. But Richie knew we wanted a taste of his magic so when he was free, he came by.He remembered me and Yelper Shannon M and how much we enjoyed our drinks. When he learned it was my and Jim W's anniversary he offered us anniversary shots, saying he felt like lighting something on fire. OH MY GOD!!!He started out with these two stainless steel pitchers - way too big for a couple of shots. He put in chopped chocolate, added chocolate liqueur and banana liqueur and heated the bottom of the pot. He then gently caught the contents on fire. That's when the real excitement began. He poured flaming liqueur from one pot to the other. Back and forth went the flaming lava-like stream, a brilliant blue and gold. When he was done he poured it into two shot glasses, added some sort of cream and grated chocolate on the top. It was warm, a perfect temperature to drink. And it tasted like a liqueur version of bananas foster. IT WAS FANTASTIC!!!I'd been wanting to go back since Presidents day. Richie reminded us why. Chris is well on his way to being an amazing mixologist as well. You need to find out why too. Go now. What are you waiting for?!
5	5 stars. You heard me.Man, am I late on this review...My sweetie took me to dinner at CPH for my 35th birthday. I know what you're all thinking... "but Kristi...you don't look a day over 34&3/4." Stop....no, pleassssseeee enough with the flattery folks. I can't take it anymore. No seriously. Keep going..Turns out CPH is right up there with the likes of Nobuo at Teeter House and FnB when it comes to quality and experience. Excellent wine selection. Please, if you have the opportunity, try the 'Tender Belly' bacon fat heirloom popcorn. It was delicious. Though bacon fat could probably make dog poo tasty. I enjoyed the Porcini-dusted Filet Mignon, medium rare and had a couple of nibbles of my fiance's scallops (which were amazing). The Filet was cooked to perfection and though I'm somewhat of a purist and usually prefer my steak 'au-natural' I was beyond satisfied with the accoutrement. Impressed even. The service was phenomenal. The distress surrounding my age caused me to consume a gigantic Ketel martini, a shit load of wine (local by the way, I love that) and a desert drink and not once was I cut off. Truly though, our server was a doll. Engaging and genuine; something obviously lacking in the service industry in Arizona. The only thing I would change about CPH is the location and that's only due to my location, so I'll deal with it.
5	Molten drinks please.  Grand Master Mixologist Richie Moe @CitizenPubHouse whipped up a couple shots for my wonderful wife and I that brought much of the bar to a silence on a crowded Saturday night. When he heard we were celebrating our anniversary he said he'd like to make us a special drink...and he felt like burning something.The end result was kind of like bananas foster in a shot glass.  It involved melting Mexican chocolate in a metal mixing cup, flaming 160 proof black strap rum, Richie repeatedly pouring a flaming mixture of orange liquid with blue flames from cup to cup in an arc that captured everyone's attention.Outstanding drink with an outstanding show leading up to it.We've been to CPH twice and had great food and outstanding drinks each time.  If I am in the mood for a cocktail, this is where I want to go. If you're in the mood to go out for drinks and a bite, this is your place. Enjoy.
4	We came here with another friend on Sunday at 7:30 with no reservation and had no problem getting a table. The food here is solid, the drink menu is pretty decent, the ambiance is nice, menu is good, service is eh.We, like others, sat around a while waiting for a drink order to be taken. We ordered the flat bread with hummus and tzatziki. The hummus was excellent and the little pickled veg that came with it was excellent. I had the original chopped salad after that and it was really, really good. I loved the combination of the flavors and textures. The waitress mixed it up for me and I had only a drizzle of the dressing since I didn't want everything swimming in it. A drizzle was plenty! I had mine with the smoked salmon, our friend had hers with the chicken. I would come back for this salad alone (and those pickle things). Husband had the pork belly pastrami which was just a little bit too salty but the flavors were great, the rye spaetzle was very unique and the brussel sprout saurkraut was very good.Overall, I would come here again even if the service isn't fantastic because the ambiance is nice enough that waiting around and enjoying good company is fine.
5	I loved this place! It was so refreshing to go somewhere in Old Town that wasn't pretentious, over-priced, or part of some 'scene'. I plan on going back over and over again. What we drank:Moe'scow Mules (THEY USE FEVER TREEE ginger beer. *sigh* If you've never tried the Fever Tree line, go to Whole Foods or CPH for that matter and try it. SO yummy and makes all the difference.) Nimbus Brown Ales. Good stuff. Nothing unique about having the beer, just great that they serve local beers that actually have some flavor. What we ate: AZBLT- $10 for the sandwich, but it was so good that I'd pay that again. Normally I'm against pricey sandwiches in general but for a late night snack with beverages, it pairs nicely. Grilled Cheese- They do add ham to this guy but it's very yummy. Sometimes grilled cheeses seem to be a bit salty when you get them at restaurants, but this one was great. Scallops- There were about 4-5 scallops and they came with some corn grits. The scallops were perfectly cooked and flavored, and corn grits are awesome! Corn just so happens to be my favorite veggie and this was a pleasant surprise to have them with scallops. Crispy Rock Shrimp- Very good, but don't put the roasted lemon on it. Just use the sauce it comes with. The roasted lemon leaves an odd flavor and I think it's better without. Curried Mussles- SOOO Good. I was so surprised that a 'American' pub type place would do a good curry. But they did. I was so overprotective of the juice even after the mussels were gone. We requested bread so we could sop it all up. Personally, I think it's good enough to move from the appetizer menu to the entrees, add a little rice, and you would be good to go. It was great food, and for a decent price.
4	Drove 30 min to check this place out. It made the perfect date night out with the husband. White table cloth, candle, menu that provided lots to talk about.We got here 6pm on a Sunday night and were one of about 3 tables in a surprisingly big restaurant. By the time we left at 7:30 it was filling up nicely, but no wait.  Traded seats with my husband to have a better view of the bar which was romantic and manly at the same time (the bar, AND the gesture).I ordered a Moe'scow Mule to drink (first one ever). Tasty and stayed ice cold my entire meal in that cool copper mug.Hubby got the Original Chopped Salad and I got the other chopped salad - started with an M...Mir...I can't remember.  We SHARED which I highly recommend - these salads were a tastebud sensation - lots going on and they were different but both delicious.Hubby ordered the Scallops (3-4 HUGE savory scallops, with gritts) and I ordered the Filet Mignon (cooked to perfection, awesome piece of meat, plenty to share with husband, on mashed potatoes and mushrooms).We skipped dessert since we had Ben and Jerry's waiting for us at home. So lame I know.  Some deserts looked interesting - some involved BACON.  Bill came to $96.This is a place that will keep you talking and bring out the foodie in anyone.  Enjoyed the ambiance, old 1920/1930's photos on the walls, and our knowledgeable/attentive server.I'm feeling stingy with holding back that last star because I thought about a restaurant like DURANTS that might have a leg up on CPH.
3	My wife and I ate there for dinner July 10.  We had 3 appetizers: (1) pork belly- magnificent, (2) crab cakes- exc, and (3) lamb belly- nice sauce but far too fatty.  Our entree was short ribs- a generous portion but nothing special in terms of flavor.  These 4 dishes and a drink each came to $99 w/ tip.  For that price, I expect consistently excellent to superior for every dish.
4	Good drink menu and good neighborhood place but not a destination restaurant be any means.  We enjoyed the food, especially the halibut.  It's tucked into a side street and is easy to miss.  It would be hard for me to go here instead of FnB since they are so close togeather.
3	Yelp Eats Week 2011 (50% off!), Take 1:Easily a 4.5, maybe a 5-star review, but tonight's wait times for the entrees were too long, AND the restaurant was VERY noisy, and if there's one thing I really dislike, it is dining in a noisy venue!  I estimate that we waited at least 10 minutes our Sausage of the day app (chorizo, w/ a side salad that included pickled onions), which was fine, assuming by the time we sat down and ordered, it was already 8:15p (app photos* were taken at 8:28p), but I'd also placed our orders for the Pan-seared scallops (sub parsnip puree for the corn grits) and the Tender Belly strip steak at the same time as I'd ordered the app.  These did not arrive until shortly before I took photos (8:57p).  Andrew personally sat us at a table, but quickly obliged our request to move to another location that was a little less noisy- a booth had just opened up.  Nice touch, and it was greatly appreciated!  However, as the wait times extended longer and longer, the noise did get to my mother, who was very hungry and tired.  Subtract the long wait times and the excessive noise, I'm left w/ friendly and accommodating, yet VERY slow service (Andrew said I'd be able to sub something else for the corn-based sides in all of the "Yelp Eats" menu... I went w/ the dessert-sweet parsnip puree) and fantastic food!  The strip steak, cooked medium, was not overly-seasoned, and Mom was enjoying the meal, which was accompanied by a gorgonzola-corn spoon bread ("just like eating bread pudding"),  stone-fruit compote (apricot), and  crunchy pistachios.  I LOVED the compote, which really added to my enjoyment of Mom's entree choice.  I also loved the scallops entree, which consisted of three scallops that were around 1.75 inches in diameter each and sat on the parsnip puree, topped w/ sauteed snow pea greens and a gastrique made w/ Red Rock cola.  The applewood-smoked bacon lardons tasted nutty and had a nut-like mouth-feel, as well.  My first few bites of scallops and puree were lovely, but then the sweetness became too much, since the scallops were naturally sweet themselves.  Mom REALLY enjoyed the scallops (she didn't have much of the puree), much more so than the strip steak;  Hearing her hum w/ pleasure made me feel so happy!  :)  I would love to visit again, but on a less-busy time- it was, after all, first day of "Yelp Eats 2011."  Maybe for lunch?  I also put in a request to add the bread pudding fondue Yelpers enjoyed at the Yelp party held here in February on the regular menu; Andrew said that the venue still served it, but on special events.  While I was not able to enjoy the bread pudding tonight (I intend to visit again before YE' week ends), I did bump into Donjay S., who had tried it and said it was good, but not as good as the fondue version.  This menu's version includes bacon-- I cannot wait to try it!(*Lost my card adapter, and the photos uploaded using the USB seem to be corrupted... Please return back to view the photos, which will be uploaded soon!)http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d10IxZPirVJlOSpdRZJczA?select=pfXMOtx6TQCUJlfsw6qZyAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d10IxZPirVJlOSpdRZJczA?select=_fOtfCw4UONRwxFaj68TXwhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d10IxZPirVJlOSpdRZJczA?select=DfQI2P_ONdYqtNV1435YhQ
3	I want to call this a 3.5. I didn't have a bad experience here. The waiter was fantastic, attentive, and funny. Things came out relatively quickly, the atmosphere was spot-on, there wasn't a wait for us, and it wasn't too busy. But my expensive hamburger was enormous and difficult and not in the deliciously messy way but in the "this is frustrating to eat for it not tasting completely amazing" way. The popcorn was expensive popcorn, with a bit of bacon grease flavor. Does what it says on the tin. The mac and cheese was quite good. The drinks were... interesting, and ran the gamut from awkward and overpowering to delightful, all the standard $9 or so. I think we skipped dessert.My guests enjoyed their meals quite a bit more (though the drinks thing was everyone having a sip; I had tea.)Overall, a 3, maybe 3.5 star experience. I'll go back and give it another go, but I wasn't filled with a sense of wonderment. (And I tried other dishes than just the burger, naturally.)
5	I write one review- if that- about every year... This restaurant deserved this review.I can say with out hesitation they left nothing to be desired. The atmosphere was warm and comfortable it was easy to pull up to the bar and spend hours talking and enjoying the different offerings. The service was spot on- both bartenders were there when we needed anything and both were genuinely friendly people. The food was absolutely perfect, good size portions, the flavors were excellent and at a good value.We had the popcorn bar snack, the chopped salad, scallops, and the chocolate jar dessert as well as their bread pudding. The only thing I probably won't do again is the popcorn- but I am not typically a popcorn kind of girl. Every aspect of the food and presentation exceeded my expectations.  Am so glad they participated in yelp eats week- it motivated me to make it a point to eat here. I live in central Phoenix  and I am not sure I would have trekked over to Scottsdale for dinner over eating somewhere closer to home before. But, I can gaurentee I will be back often, it is well worth the extra drive.
5	My new favorite place in old town. Late night menu on the weekends always keeps things interesting. Thomas the bartender is always very nice and knowledgeable. I have tried just about everything on the menu, and have yet to be disappointed.
5	Another A+ meal from Citizen Public House! With the start of Yelp Eats week, I have a long list of restaurants I want to visit and tonight, Citizen Public House got checked off the list. The Yelp Eats menu is a perfect combination of every food group. My friend and I with the Original Chopped Salad (a salad so popular, it even has its own Facebook page!), accompanied it with hummus, shared the pan seared scallops with corn grits and sweetened off the meal with the bread pudding and creme de pot! Yes, I did practically roll out of there, but very happily and extremely content!The atmosphere at Citizen Public House continues to be chill and sophisticated. Tonight, it was bubbling with people but the tables are spread out enough that it allows each table to have their own conversation. I am happily full right now, but I think I might try to sneak into Citizen Public House again in the near future again!
3	Food was 4 stars.  Chopped salad is fun and delicious.  Sausage of the day was very good.  Chicken was pretty good but tasted a bit bland, corn risotto underneath was good.  Scallops were huge and savory on bed of grits, but it felt a bit stingy to only give 3 scallops.  4-5 would have been better, and not cost them a lot more really in ingrediants.Atmosphere is upscale, trendy, clean lines, what you expect from any new upscale restaurant.Service was extremely good.  So why 3 stars.  I could easily have put 4 stars.  But the food was NOT outstanding.  Good definately.  Very good, mostly.  Just nothing stood out as mind blowing.  Which is fined except when you are dropping around $100 for two people.For $100, I expect outstanding.Would I be back.  Sure.  Great place to go out with another couple, enjoy walking around, enjoy a good meal.
5	You must go here.Went during the "Yelp Eats" promotion.Everything we experienced was remarkable. The service, food, drinks, and ambiance were all spectacular.First, the drinks. There are numerous specialty cocktails, an extensive wine list, draft and bottled beers, aperitif, digestif, single malt scotch, and almost every type of alcohol you could expect. Even unexpected libations that I rarely see elsewhere, such as dessert wines. We had to try their signature cocktails because it seemed to be the right thing to do at CPH. Good booze & good bartenders; can't let those go to waste. We had to have something with gin, so we opted for Aviation & Count Negroni. Both were what we expected. Strong & unique. I don't see anyone disliking Aviation, but Count Negroni is for specific tastes. Try this if you like strong orange and cinnamon flavors. The Campari in this drink makes a statement.Second, the food. We ordered the "Smart Chicken" and the Berkshire Pork Loin. The chicken had a nice crispiness on the outside and had the flavor of lightly fried chicken without all the fat. The risotto, mushrooms, and onions that came with it were amazing.Now, the pork. The pork! This experience made me fall in love with pork all over again. We all love bacon, but the bland white pork that comes from industrial farms has destroyed its reputation with people who love pork for its flavor, not for its leanness. Granted, I have never had Berkshire pork before this visit, but it was absolutely amazing. They cooked it perfectly. Pink and moist on the inside. The meat was so sweet & tender and the fat was so flavorful. This is due to the quality of Berkshire pork, but also the proper preparation. The stone fruit compote complemented the sweetness of the pork perfectly, as did the pistachios. The gorgonzola/white corn spoon bread was awesome. And the broccoli rabe/chard (couldn't tell exactly what it was) was steamed perfectly with great seasoning and flavor.Third, the dessert. The bread pudding was fantastic! Like the best apple pie you've ever eaten...only better. The ice cream that came with it was great as well. I ordered a cup of coffee as well, from Roastery of Cave Creek called "Black and Tan." One of the better cups of coffee I've ever had. Even my girlfriend enjoyed it, and it had no cream or sugar. She usually loads up the sugar in coffee but she said that the coffee has so much flavor that it doesn't need anything.Fourth, the service. Our server, Brian, was very knowledgeable and very courteous. He answered every question we had, gave us the proper attention, and made sure we enjoyed our experience. I can't remember a recent experience with better service than we had here at CPH.Overall, everything you want in a restaurant. It's in a great location, in the middle of Old Town Scottsdale. I can't compliment this place enough. Just go!
4	Ate here for Yelp Eats week 2011. The hubby and I were meeting up with my sister and her husband for dinner at 7pm but we arrived at about 5:30 (it is just down the street from where I work so it seemed a waste to go home first). So, we got to enjoy the full bar experience while we were waiting. The bartenders were super friendly and offered up a lot of great information about the drinks and the food menu. My hubby was very happy that they had Kiltlifter and the Four Peaks Hefe on tap and so was content to enjoy a couple of those but I decided to try the specialty cocktails since I had heard such good things about them. The first one I tried was like a vodka tonic but instead of the tonic they used a sparkling wine in it. I think it also had some orange flavor to it b/c it was served with a curl of orange peel on the rim of the glass. It was so fresh tasting and the bubbles tickled your taste buds so it made the perfect aperitif. Unfortunately I can't remember the name of it and it is not on the list on the website. We also ordered some rosemary nuts which were served warm and were absolutely delicious. Basically just fragrant nuts that were ever-so-slightly candied but they made the perfect light snack. I decided to try a more earthy drink next to go with the nuts so I ordered a Moscow Mule. I know others have raved about this drink but I really wasn't a fan. I liked the cool cup it came in and I loved the fresh cucumber and mint but the ginger beer that they use is just too bitter for me. I love the taste of ginger but this was just too peppery. The next drink I tried (yes, I like to drink, don't judge) was the Aviation and I have to say that this was one of the best cocktails that I have ever had. I am a big gimlet fan (with gin, not vodka) and so this had that nice sour flavor but extra complexity because of the cherry liqueur. It was nice and fruity without being too sweet. Just a really great cocktail and I think I enjoyed it even more because by then we had also ordered some of the bacon fat popcorn which was fantastic. Kind of felt a little guilty seeing all the bacon drippings at the bottom of the bowl but the popcorn itself somehow did not seem too greasy or soggy at all. This really is the perfect bar snack since it went equally well with my fab cocktails and my husband's beer. Once our dinner companions finally arrived me moved to a table in the dining area. We all ordered off the Yelp Eats menu. My brother-in-law tried the chopped salad and it did not disappoint. My sister and I got the regular salad with different dressings that were both fabulous. I love the fact that they have some unique salad dressing options that are fresh made daily in house. My hubby got the sausage of the day which we had already been informed at the bar is sort of a salad, too. It was basically sliced Spanish chorizo (the hard kind) on top of mixed greens. I have never seen him enjoy a salad so much. For entrees, two of us got the scallops which were absolutely perfect. Really amazing. My sister got the chicken and my hubby got the pork. They were not as impressed as we were with the scallops but they still enjoyed their meals. We were all too stuffed for dessert but I got a cappuccino to sip on while my sister finished her wine and it was tasty though more of a latte since the milk was mixed in rather than floating on top.I love the smooth, swanky feel of this place.  I was expecting more of a "pub" atmosphere because of the name but it is not like that at all.  I really like places like this that are upscale but not stuffy.  You would feel equally comfortable here in a dress and heels as you would in jeans.  I will say that if the meals weren't half off I may have felt it was a little overpriced.  I think I would have just given three stars based on the dinner but the drinks and service we received at the bar bumped it up a notch and I will definitely be back just for that reason.
4	This place has a really great scaled back elegance. I love the energy that the large bar in the center of the space creates. My only complaint is that the lack of soft surfaces contributes to an incredibly loud atmosphere.On to the food! I've had the mussels there twice. Each time prepared differently. Each time delicious, hearty, and perfect for soaking up the broth with their airy bread. Their 'Original Chopped Salad' is definitely a must order! There are several textures and flavors in this salad that individually stand out, but also peacefully come together to create a memorable and satisfying moment on your palette. My experience so far is that I'm a huge fan of everything on the left side of the menu (small plates, apps, salads,etc). It's not that the sandwiches and entrees (only tried the roasted chx) weren't nicely prepared, but they just aren't to my taste. Too much flavor, or not enough. Not a fan of their fries. Their wine selection is fantastic. There is a great range of varietals and price points to choose from.  The service is wonderfully friendly! All the staff that I've encountered are very knowledgeable about the wines and the menu.Lastly... the owner is cute! Had to say it.
5	This place was amazing.  The house sausage was awesome, the chopped salad was one of the best thing I ever ate.  We had scallops and pork and both dishes were yummy.  The chef brought out the bread pudding with bacon which was to die for. If we ever come back to Scottsdale, we'd defininitely come back.  Everyone was so nice and attentive.
4	Do what you do and stop trying to be gimmicky/cute.  That's the only advice I'd have for CPH.  They certainly don't need any advice on decor, food preparation, or service because all were stellar. The wine list and beer selections were very good and the menu itself is drool-inducing.  Here is what I mean though...it's called a "Public House" but it's a very sleek and upscale restaurant. It's not a pub and I get that but that sort of "we're being cool" irony bleeds over into the menu, the food, and the experience.  Another example, happy hour isn't happy hour, it's "Social.". Yeah, ok.  Awesome. Furthermore each item we sampled included some sort of out of the ordinary ingredient that seemingly didn't belong. This worked terrifically well on the chopped salad.  This dish was just a unique medley I would have never thought to mix.  However the odd ingredient technique fell flat with the pork (fruit??) that was otherwise a terrific dish.  It also didn't work with the bread pudding (bacon).  Now, I know what you're saying, "bacon is never a bad idea."  While that is usually accurate it was completely unnecessay in this dessert and actually disrupted the flavors.  Strip out those mediocre additions and those dishes would have been perfect. Overall, while gimmicky the food is executed professionally and if in Scottsdale you won't go wrong here.  Maybe one day I'll come back to "Citizens" for "happy hour"...that'd probably be a 5-star review!
5	Wow, incredible experience.  This has been on our wishlist for some time and thanks to Yelp Eats for getting us down there.  Just a wonderful evening.  Stellar ambiance, just the right lighting with a spacious main dining room but felt very cozy much like an old inn.  Loved that the bar is the center of the space because energy emanates from the bar to the tables, creating a real sense of communal dining.  Our server Gary was dynamite.  He walked us through the menu, focusing on his favorite items, and explaining in detail the ingredients and preparation and he was very influential.  Myself and a friend took his advice and thoroughly enjoyed the scallops, which were perfectly prepared.  My husband ordered the short ribs and he really loved them, especially the dried cherry BBQ sauce.  I was fortunate to steal a bite and they were delectable.  Our other friend loved the pork loin, which was also cooked perfectly.  We finished the meal with to-die-for donut holes with three dipping sauces - key lime, blueberry, and caramel-coconut.  So good!!!Cannot say enough about Citizen Public House, and it is a must-have, and a must-return!!
5	Excellent service! Fabulous food! Warm and modern ambiance!The wait staff was cheerful and helpful, which made our dining experience very pleasurable. On to the food . . .  the chopped salad is something to come back for with all the different textures of the ingredients and merried mixture of flavors. The porkbelly steak was outstanding and my partner loved the scallops. The star was the bread pudding (bacon pieces in every other bite was perfect) with homemade cinnamon ice cream.  I can't go back soon enough.  I miss you already bread pudding.
5	Even without taking advantage of the wonderful specials for Yelp Restaurant Week, CPH is one of my favorite restaurant samplings.  Waiting just a few minutes for our favorite foodie friends, we sat at the bar, having a brief chat with the charming bartender, who was very familiar with the yumminess that is Tito's Handmade Vodka and other great Texas food and drink.  Our friends arrived before we even had a chance to choose a beverage, so we moved to our table.After perusing the cocktails, our friends chose a Moe-scow Mule and a Sazerac, while my husband selected the Berried Alive and I ordered the Count Negroni, never having tried Campari.  Our waitress (Gina?) was a delight, telling us about the specials and reminding us the drinks were all hand-made so there might be a slight wait.  Moments later, with drinks in hand, we had appetizers on the way (we chose the sausage of the day and the famous chopped salad, then later added the crab cakes and the bacon fat popcorn).  The drinks were described as "another one of these would kick my butt, but it's really good" (Sazerac), delightfully refreshing (Moe-scow Mule) and very good (Berried Alive).  Unfortunately, I was disappointed with my choice.  My husband jokes I'm the only person he knows who likes the taste of Nyquil and Pepto Bismol, and I generally do enjoy very strong drinks, but the Count proved to be too bitter for my palate.  As if she had donned her Carnac the Magnificent hat, Gina came to check in and suggested if we didn't care for our choices, she'd gladly switch them out.  Oh, yes ma'am!  I'll take a Berried Alive, please. The chopped salad was a pleasant surprise, but I'm not sure it's at the legend status of having its own Facebook page.  The crab cakes were very tasty, my only wish was for a bit more of the aioli.  My favorites were the sausage of the day, slightly spicy and served with braised greens and the bacon popcorn, but of course, how bad can anything be drenched in bacon drippings?!?!The lovely L.C. and I each chose the scallops (at half price thanks to the Yelp R.W. special, quite possibly the deal of the century).  Wanting some wine with the scallops, I wasconsidering an Argentinian pinot grigio or an albarino from the Central Coast (intriguing because most albarinos I've had are Spanish).  Asking Gina for her recommendation, she quickly offered to bring me a taste of both, as well as another Spanish white.  Gina, you are definitely my kind of girl.  While I would have easily enjoyed any of the 3, my top pick was the Central Coast albarino.When presented with the scallops surrounded by sauteed pea shoots and atop a lovely bed of corn and bacon grits,  we both were delighted with the flavor combination.  Due to a bad experience with scallops several years ago, I had been off the shellfish for quite some time.  Chef Bernie's treatment convinced me that yes, scallops are good again.  The boys went with the pork loin (another special) and the coffee rubbed short ribs.  I didn't taste the pork, but our friend proclaimed it very good.  I did get my husband to part with a small sampling of the short ribs, parsnip puree and cherry bbq sauce.  Oh my stars, it was quite possibly the closest I have come to the flavor magic that is delicious Central Texas barbecue (for those of you who have had the privilege to sample Smitty's, Kreuz, Black's and the original Cooper's in Llano when those temples of carnivorous delights are at the top of their game, you know what I'm talking about).After all of this, we still managed to order 4 desserts.  Our friend is a major chocolate hound and had to have both the Pots de Creme AND the chocolate pecan bars.  It of course helped that they were part of the special menu.  My husband went with the bread pudding (any type of bread pudding/custard/flan/creme brulee are among his favorites).  The delightful Gina also told us about a new trial dessert not yet on the menu: donut holes dipped in cinnamon sugar and served with 3 dipping sauces.  HELLO GORGEOUS, you had me at cinnamon sugar!The donut holes were by far my husband's and my favorite, especially when I drizzled them with a bit of each of the sauces (lemon, blueberry and caramel).  Usually a fan of bread pudding, my husband admitted it was not among his favorites.  He said it maybe could have been served slightly warmer   It was probably just because although good, it paled in comparison to both the donut holes and the pots de creme.After a delightful evening made that much better by the company of our dear friends, delicious food and drink and warm, professional service, we left sated.  We will definitely return, hopefully soon.
5	Mid-priced dining with high end flavor. I ordered the special Yelp menu. Started off with mixed green salad with fig dressing. Very good. Moved on the the "smart" chicken. Tender, char grilled breast with corn risotto. Yum!  Topped it off with a perfect chocolate de creme. Staff was friendly and very on top of things. Great experience.  I'm definitely coming back. give these guys some love!
5	We visited on a Friday nights and enjoyed the Yelp Eats menu. It was maybe 2/3 full with room to sit at the bar. Our server, Gary, was great, although he did try to explain to me what pepitas and rapini was (um, thanks, but those are pretty easy ones). The best part was that our courses never felt rushed, and you actually had time between them to chat and relax.We both started with our own chopped salads. If you're not a smoked salmon fan, they can substitute chicken. It was delicious--great mix of textures. Hubby had the Berkshire pork loin, which I thought was just ok (I thought it was a little dry and lacked flavor, but he liked it). He loved the fruit compote on top but thought the white corn spoon bread was strange (it was fluffy yet dry). I had the scallops and loved every damn thing about that dish.We finished with the bread pudding, which wasn't overly sweet or huge in size.They didn't have many wines by the glass, and the ambience was pretty loud. Other than that, we thought it was a great meal out and would highly recommend it!
5	Laidback atmosphere, excellent service, fun, fabulous food!A friend and I sat at the bar and had a great time interacting with the bartender and another foodie patron at the bar. The wait staff seemd really knowledgeable with just the right attention to service.I've enjoyed the Original Chopped Salad under a different moniker for years at Cowboy Ciao, so we decided to go with the Mirilton Chopped Salad: greens, tomato, popcorn, halloumi cheese, cucumbers and onions. The haloumi cheese was a unique treat, though overall it didn't really compare to the OCS.We ordered the Pork Belly Pastrami starter, which was kind of a deconstructed reuben over spaetzle- it was almost perfect and the pork belly just melted in my mouth. The sea scallops were also heavenly, seared just so and served with buttery corn grits and a vinegary gastrique. We capped it all of with a pot de creme: super rich and just right for sharing.We also enjoyed some red wine from Merkin (yes, THAT Merkin), the Maynard James Keenen winemaking venture- kind of neato, I haven't seen it in a restaurant before (watch "Blood into Wine" if you're lost).I think this place has a little something for everyone, and for someone like me, it has it all. Its food is artful without being fussy, and the ambiance is cool without trying too hard.
3	Will have to give this place another shot.  To be fair, I think it's closer to a 3.5 star rating.  Came here with a group of friends for Yelp Eats.  It was a Saturday night and it was both crowded and loud.  The menu is familiar (think of Cowboy Ciao mixed with Kasimeriz's wine nibbles).  There is the famous chopped salad (which I actually like sans the smoked salmon), fondue, burgers etc.  They have a lot of interesting items like blue cheese mac and cheese, pickled vegetables and sausages you don't genearlly see on the menu.  As part of Yelp eats, a portion of the menu was half off.  You really can't complain about the prices.  What I do take a little issue to is the use of salt.  The restaurant uses salt like it is going out of style.  It might have been that night, but everything came very liberally salted.  Also, I love bacon.  However, it seems like 2/3rds of the menu has bacon in it.  To the point it is almost gimmicky.  Although to be fair I did like the bacon grease popcorn, I just thought slices of bacon in my bread pudding was taking it a little too far.  The drinks are delicious.  If I was rating the drinks along, I would have given the place a 4.5The service still needs some work.  It is clear that on really busy nights, the wait will be long.  Make sure you have good friends with you to pass the time away.  I did have to send one item back that was so salty it was inedible.  I was a little sad to see that there was no explanation and it was not taken off the bill.  (A little disconcerning given the fact that we were a large group, consuming and generating a good sized tab).  Overall, good place.  Fun but I'm not sure this will be my regular hangout.  I still prefer places where you don't have to shout to hear your neighbor across the way from you.
4	BACON LOVERS UNITE! Get your butts over to this place pronto! I found your heaven!!! My favorite bacon eater brought me here with a couple of friends without noting any sort of hidden agenda. When I saw the menu, I understood why we were here immediately... Our server stepped up to the table and immediately started describing drinks and dishes to us without skipping a beat. He was educated about the food and it showed-- I appreciate that. He also made us giggle when he walked away from the table saying, "I'll get your drinks and oh, I'll grab your nuts!"  I must say, their nuts are candied and delicious. Just the way I like them. So, my dearest friend was unafraid to try the artery-clogging dishes that he had lined up in his mind, and it started off with the "Tender Belly" bacon fat heirloom popcorn. Fact: It's pieces of bacon tossed in with some flavorless regular ol' popcorn. Does the bacon make it good? Sure. Is it something amazing? No, it's definitely a novelty and they are just having fun with it. Next: We went for something healthy and highly recommended: The Mirliton Chopped Salad. As everyone has said, it's deeeeelicious. I wanted to marry it while I was on my salad high (I realized that marrying food just isn't sustainable...). Just so you know, it's not very big-- I recommend two people sharing it before your main dish. Sandwiches: I got the Halloumi Sandwich. I love cheese, and I wasn't certain of what to expect with this dish, so I suppose I really had no expectations. The roll it came on was delicious, the chickpea puree was a great spread, I loved the tahini addition as well, but somehow I couldn't love the cheese. It just didn't have a texture that I am used to and it wasn't a strong enough flavor to balance it out. So...I "hmm" this dish. Not dislike, just..."hmm"...My friend's dish: Another friend ordered the BLT and the other ordered the Pastrami. He ordered the Lamb Burger. This was described by the server as "gamey" in his initial description. I do not like that word. That sounds like the meat is going to have body odor, soooo I didn't order it! Fortunately for me, my friend did and it was a little overcooked for his liking, so we swapped dishes! HOORAY!! It was pure, premium lamb and the tzatziki and cucumber onion salad were complimentary and DELISH. No B.O. here, folks, just tasty goodness. The server took off the lamb burger because of the overcooked factor AND offered to bring him another one that was rarer. What great service! Dessert: Yes, I continued my role as sidekick on the bacon-anza and got the "Pig in the Orchard" Bread Pudding. I was in a coma already, but I decided to just finish myself off with this one. The bacon adds really just another novelty factor to this dish. You could easily have just cooked the bread pudding with some of the bacon run-off and been done with it, the bacon taste would have been enough to satisfy the taste. The bacon chunks=overkill. The ice cream neutralizes it ever so slightly and gives it an apple pie savory appeal.As the Bacon-anza came to a close, we were all turning into little piglets before our eyes with rosier cheeks and a light glaze added to our skin... Thank you Citizen Public House.
4	Great service, good food, so-so preparedness. I came for the Yelp Eats promotion, but one of the more popular items on the menu (scallops) had sold out. Usually, his would not be a problem, but I had already sold myself on the side item for this entree -- corn grits! And needless to say, this southern influenced girl was sorely disappointed not to get my serving of grits :( but no fear, the waitress made sure I got my corn grits on the side.  The rest of their entree items looked fair, but nothing in particular stood out as a must have.  I settled on a halibut dish.  The appetizers list looked a bit more interesting... The good:- The chopped salad is a must try (this appetizer has it's own Facebook page for crying out loud!)- The staff.  We were quickly greeted and sat at our table upon arrival, and our drink orders were taken and delivered to the table in record time.  Throughout our meal, my husband harassed the waitress for different selections of wine -- but she was a good sport. He is forever embarrassing me in public, so any spot that can put up with his drunken shenanigans is a win.The not as good:- Best looking dish, scallops, was not available- My halibut was overcooked- We came in on a Sunday, and the place was half empty... But food still took long time to get cooked. I didn't mind this much, as I was not in a hurry. But if I had been on a schedule, this would surely been annoying- No cappuccino since machine was broken (boo)Overall, i'd give this place a 3.5.  The chopped salad and friendly service was enough to make me overlook some of their lesser qualities.  I'd like to go back another time and see whether my experience is different--maybe I just caught them on an off night?
4	Now, really, how much better can it get than expertly made cocktails and sausages dipped in cheese fondue at happy hour prices?  It can't.
4	I've been in 3 or 4 times now, and I've only sat at the bar for drinks, so mine can't be a complete assessment of all of Citizen's attributes, but from what I've experienced so far, i would give it 4.5 stars if I could. I know they do private 6-course affairs, and reportedly (and believably) have the top mixmaster in the Valley. This place is in my opinion, along with AZ88, the top place to chill upscale in S. Scottsdale with a classy drink and fellow clientele. The service is outstanding as well. When I dropped by last night, a super-friendly fellow met me at the door and apologized, saying they are usually open till 1:30 on Thursdays, but "we'd love to have you back" and handed me their 6-course private dinner menu with a REAL smile. Almost unheard of in douchebaggy Scottsdale. This is a class joint.
5	I went to Citizen Public House for the first time for happy hour the other day and I must say, I was very impressed! They're staff is so very courteous and always attentive. Their happy hour specials are great too! I recommend the sangria :) We didn't have much of the food but we did try of the bar snacks was fantastic! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for an upscale, quaint place to have dinner and drinks. What a great hidden treasure in Scottsdale!
1	Not reviewing the food or atmosphere, just the management at CPH:Went with a large group of 40 or so people - given the private room upstairs.  Due to what was apparently a miscommunication, CPH only wanted to allow our party to order from a set menu.  Many of us were not interested the set 4-course meal, and wanted food/drinks from the regular menu.  The management was not willing to allow this - since we didn't order from the fixed menu, they charged our group a $500 surcharge. So, CPH got $500 from our group (instead of the much larger fare had they allowed us to order from the normal menu.  But that will be the LAST penny CPH will ever see from me.  Saddle House, on the other hand, took great care of our large group at a moments notice.  We ate and had drinks there all night, including some freebies thrown in because they appreciated our business.
4	Indeed, this Citizen shall enter the House open to the Public!  I ordered the Connelly's Grilled Cheese with little expectations.  Wow! I was surprised with my first bite, savory ham, melted cheddar cheese, and the pickled cherry's to bring in that extra sweet kick.  The crusted toast was a most welcomed texture to my senses.  Well done good Citizen, well done!  We sat at the bar for some drinks (Czech Republic - Pilsner cool!) Service was excellent!  Decors, were really modern, but with a name like Citizen Public House, can't help but the think of the movie Citizen Kane.  "You still eating?": "I"m still hungry!" - Enjoy!
5	Thomas was very welcoming and a great server/bartender. Came in close to close and still gave us ample time to enjoy our late night date. My lady and i's date night are few and far between so to be able to have a experience like tonight is very appreciated. Kudos Thomas and citizen!
4	A great option for something different.  Found this place when attending a Yelp event, liked it so much I came back.Great service.  Nice atmoshpere.  Great Alcohol options.I thought the lamb meatballs were so good that I ordered the lamb burger but was sadly disappointed.  Tzatziki is very good.Dessert options are wonderfu so be sure to save room.
4	Had a great meal tonight at Citizen's. We were looking for something light, so we started out with the tzatziki and hummus appetizer served with grilled pita bread. It was excellent. I would definitely get it again. I then had the grilled cheese sandwich with a tasty cherry spread--very gourmet! I tasted my friend's chopped salad which was incredible. It was not your ordinary chopped salad, as it had couscous, smoked salmon, corn, etc. I would definitely order this salad when I visit again. The atmosphere had a clean, uptown look with nice, low lighting. What was unique about this place was its interesting menu. I loved all the new foods I tried tonight!
4	So we've been looking for gastropubs in the area and the first to pop up on yelp is this place. We decided to drop by the place after a not so wonderful experience at a concert and this place really made me feel a lot better. The food and ambiance are great! We got here pretty late so I was surprised they were willing to seat us.  We had the 'Tender Belly' Pork Belly Pastrami, 'Kilt Lifter' fondue, and we were intrigued by the "Pig in the Orchard" Bread Pudding so we ordered that as well. The prices are a bit high (every thing we ordered averaged $10), but everything tasted great so no complaints about the price from me. The service is a bit hit or miss hence the minus 1 star but I will definitely be coming here again.
5	Short ribs, crab cakes and chopped salad, and wait let's not forget the pecan bars with chicory ice cream, all outstanding as was the service
5	Attentive staff, succulent offerings, incredible mixologic concoctions...Citizen continues to inspire with it's near-perfect...okay, PERFECT menu of entrees, cocktails, and starters that plow new ground of satisfaction. I went to AZ88 after this place tonight, and I'm convinced this IS the best place in Lower Scottsdale - -and perhaps the Valley entire, to enjoy...everything!
5	Smooth , elegant and very comfortable.  The food and service are phenomenal.
3	I have to give it to them - they did a nice job with this place. Service is great, nice atmosphere.We sat at the bar for a couple of drinks and the bartender Elizabeth was sweet , attentive and poured great drinks. Our food was good, nothing special though. We had the bar snacks fondue and hummus to start. Neither were impressive. I had the chicken for my main dish. The chiken was very moist and tender but the smoky flavor took over the whole dish and I coudn't taste the risotto or the nushroom. The other people at the table thought their dishes were good. But again - nothing amazing. Overall we enjoyed our experience but will probably be back for the bar, not the restaurant.
5	My wife and I finally tried CPH and were greatly surprised by everything.  The food, as expected, was superior along with the professionalism of the staff.  The ambiance too was well set as the place could hold large parties very comfortably.  We began the nigth with a bottle of wine, the original chopped salad alons with the rock shrimp.  All were exceptional!  As out main courses, my wife orded the sea scallops and I ordered the short ribs.  (Peter of Cowboy Ciao's must miss this guy.)  Both dinners were cooked to perfection and the staff never left alone.  For dessert, we had coffee and the evening's special, the donut holes with three dipping sauces.  All were fantastic.  The wife and I don't usually rate places with five stars, but this place actually gets how food and service are meant to be as one.  Can't wait until we head back.
4	Oh wow! Went on a double date here last weekend as a last-minute decision to find something near the comedy club down the street (review for Stand Up Scottsdale up next!)  They have a good drink selection with a unique twist on a few cocktails, great beers on tap (Four Peaks hefeweizen!) and bottled wines as well. I had the lamb burger... Yummmy!  The pickled cucumber mix on top was crisp and perfectly accented the lamb, which was cooked med-well and not a bit dry. Our server was very careful to point out that the lamb is 100% lamb and no beef was in the mix. Good to hear! The housemade ketchup with the fries was interesting.  Had a sweetness almost like molasses to it ... Boyfriend had the gorgonzola mac & cheese, which I sampled and found it quite good even though I'm not much a mac & cheese gal.  Our drinks never went empty and our server was prompt and accommodating when we let him know we had a slight time issue with the upcoming comedy show. Overall, great experience!I should mention it can be a bit loud inside the restaurant. Probably due to the concrete floors and high ceiling that noise just kind of carries around the place. I didn't find it offensive, just notable. I think the interior is great; I love the low lighting and the bar in the middle of the place with ample seating! Can't wait to park on one of their stools and enjoy some happy hour treats!
5	"Have you ever been over to a friend's house to eat and the food just aint' no good?"You know the famous line from the Sugar Hill Gang. You won't have to feel that way at this house, because this house has the sauce that is awesome.Yeah, Citizen Public House might just be the most legit place in all of Arizona. I don't know what took me so long to get here.This is a destination for foodies, and not just because it's been featured on the Cooking Channel or the Food Network.Some Highlights:--Tender Belly Bacon Fat Popcorn! (Not for the pretentious and idiotic)--Gorgonzola-Emmental mac-n-cheese (Not for the lactose)--The Chopped Salad (This ish is famous yo)--The Squealer Burger (yeah, it has bacon in it)This place is absolutely amazing.If you appreciate food, and can afford to splurge both in the wallet and palate, then make this a destination. Absolutely worth it. Next time, I want to try the Lamb Burger.Also, the cocktail and draught list is solid. Goose Island Matilda FTW! (Yes, I know its a Budweiser product)
5	Gotta tell ya, I went back twice more in the 2 weeks following my first visit!  Everything I've had has been great.  The grilled cheese that has ham and this cherry concoction/mustard ... so great!  The Kiltlifter fondue and Panzanella salad totally satisfied and tingled my taste buds. Bf and I even popped in one night when they had a short list of $20 wines by the bottle... Score!  I haven't yet made it to the dessert menu, but I sure hope to soon!
5	I am compelled to write this review not because of the food and drinks, although those were good, but rather due to the best server I have had in probably all my dining experiences. Gina. Yes, I usually do not remember the names of my servers, but my wife and I fell in love with her. From as soon as we entered the restaurant up to when we left, she was attentive and accommodating. She first explained the menu at great length hearing that this was our first visit. I was pleased to find that they did have self-concocted twists on classic drinks and not just beer, being listed as a gastropub.  We started off with the "Aviation" and the "Midwest Manhattan." I immediately found the Manhattan too sweet for me, and alluded to this to Gina. She immediately left the table stating that she would talk to the bartender. Few minutes later she presents with a new Manhattan darker in color with use of a different whiskey with a more bitter taste. No questions asked, no hassle. Just fixed the problem. Gina allowed plenty of time for us to decide our food choices, walking us through questions we had. Eventually we went with the rock shrimp appetizer, lamb burger and the halibut. The rock shrimp was served with sauce on the side rather than slathered on, which was nice. They served it with a grilled lemon, which when squeezed over the shrimp, gave it a nice charred flavor. The lamb burger was large in size with a nice tzatziki sauce. Main criticisms of the dish was that the pickled vegetables were a bit bulky on the plate and better fitted to be chopped into a salad of sorts. The meat was also not cooked to our medium order, but tasted fine on the rare-side. The halibut was flaky but the rub was a bit on the salty side. The roasted cauliflower fregula accompanying the halibut both saved and elevated the dish, complimenting the saltiness of the fish.We finished the night with Bacon Pecan Brittle which had chunks of bacon embedded into pecan brittle bark. This comes strangely enough in a package to your table, but it was delicious nonetheless.   Food and drinks aside, simply cannot praise the server Gina enough. From Los Angeles, Chicago recently having moved from New York, I dont think I can remember a better server. We will be back again, and if service continues to impress it may become our regular dining spot.
5	Owner/Chef Bernie Kantak (formerly of Cowboy Ciao) is definitely in his element at Citizen Public House, putting creative spins on classic pub food to create something new and interesting in the Scottsdale area. The room is welcoming, cleanly styled and has a personal touch to it typically lost in the Scottsdale restaurant scene. Sit bar top and be treated to one of the expert mixologists creations. If you're lucky partner/mixologist Richie Moe will be experimenting behind the bar with some of his crazy equipment (certainly not meant for bartending, but making tasty libations none the less!) and let you sample the results. Be sure to sample to Bijou and Sazerac - both traditional cocktails given due reverence here.The staff is pleasant, warm, knowledgeable and professional. Nuff said.The food. Be sure to sample the Pork Belly Pastrami, the Scallops, and the Mirliton Chop Salad. This isn't a suggestion, it's a demand. Overall a great addition to Old Town Scottsdale!
5	Mashed potatoes on a sandwich. A simple genius idea. Why is this not a sandwich staple?I spent my younger years as a very picky vegetarian (did not like meat but did not really like vegetables either). This meant I basically lived off of grilled cheese, especially when eating out. So any place that highlights my main childhood food group with a rotating Grilled Cheese of the Day is alright by me. One day the daily grilled cheese came complete with mashed potatoes and I fell in love. And every time I have returned, Chef gladly makes it for me upon request. What a guy. Oh and obviously start with the chopped salad.
5	Sat nite @ CPH. Early dining at the bar as is our wont. Lotsa room at 5:30; crowded by 6:15. Service was outstanding. Could not have been made to feel more welcome by the entire bar staff. They serve a killer sazerac and have a monster selection of liqueurs. Is there another place in town that features a ' sausage of the day'? Chorizo soup was the s-o-d this lucky night. A richly textured meal in itself, I piled on with the mac n cheese which could've earned the 5 stars on it's own. They offered to add sausage: Momma didn't raise no fool, I accepted. CPH earned the hype! Hope you love it like we did.
5	This is one of those places that totally catches you by surprise...a very good, bacon surprise! My husband and I drove down from Vegas for a baseball game. We were starving afterwards and I yelped this place. I'm so glad we did because it was one of the best places we've ever eaten at ever. A lot of credit goes to out server, Gib, who was just as excited about the menu as us. Hubby was craving a good sandwich and Gib recommended the BLT. Hands down, BEST BLT ever thanks to pork belly bacon!!! It was thick cut, tender, and crispy. It elevated the BLT to a much higher culinary level. I opted for the chopped salad which has been reviewed in top mags and culinary shows. With it's mix of greens, tomatoes, sweet corn, pumpkin seeds, currants, and this amazing buttermilk, herby dressing I almost ordered a second one! We had the gorgonzola Mac and cheese to share and it was perfect for 2 people. It was super creamy, delicious, and decadent. For dessert, Gib recommended the pork belly bread pudding. Holy bacon!!! It was the perfect combo of salty and sweet with a scoop of vanilla on the top. I had the cream cheese donuts with 3 different dipping sauces: strawberry compote, key lime pie, and caramel. So delicious!!We were incredibly surprised by this place. Not only is the ambiance beautiful but Gib definitely made the experience better. The food was some of the best we've ever had. In fact we haven't stopped talking about it since we left and I've never yelped a review faster!! The food reminds us of how delicious food is in the Bay area where we're home. We would easily drive down from Vegas any weekend just to eat here. 5 stars!!!!
5	One word: amazing.Was here for restaurant week, started with the Gazpacho, then had the Scallops, and finished it off with the bread pudding. Great cocktails, amazing service, and outstanding food. They are awesome.
5	I love it here. It has a really unique name and I had the best time. Went here on the first day of Restaurant week - and I had several dishes. Started with the chop salad which had a very unique flavor, crunch and dried corn. It was interesting. Moved into Halibut and dessert - all was awesome. I sat at the bar and had an awesome time. The service was great and I will visit again.
4	I came here shortly after they opened for the Yelp preview. I didn't want to write a review on that for a few reasons; mainly because it wasn't a true dining experience. The food and the cocktails were so awesome that night and the staff was amazingly friendly... I don't know what took me so long to come back. At the Yelp event, I love love love loved the lamb meatball (which seems to actually be the lamb burger on the menu) and the smart chicken. It was late night and I wasn't starving, so wanted to choose a smaller plate. I have a friend who once told me, "If a restaurant has crab cakes on the menu, order them. If the crab cakes are good, then you know it's a good restaurant." I saw crab cakes on the menu and thought of what he said. Now, I already knew this restaurant creates great food so didn't need to use the crab cakes as an indicator. I don't normally go for seafood items, but had crab cakes once that were delicious in DC and always wanted to taste crab cakes that good since then. I figured there was a good chance these crab cakes might give those DC cakes a fun for their money and I was so right. They were sooooooooo good. I'm still thinking about them and will be letting my crab cake loving friend know he's missing out if he doesn't ever get to eat these. Oh yeah, do you know they have a sausage of the day? Citizen Public House is awesome. Each month they have a cocktail pairing dinner that I keep meaning to get to. I love to drink and I love to eat. Smartest idea ever to pair foods with cocktails rather than cocktails to food. So far they've only been on nights where I have to work the next day; which explains why I haven't been to one yet. I'm just going to have to give in and use a vacation day for the following day for an upcoming dinner. The only thing they need to do in order to completely have my heart is serve weekend brunch. Once they do that, they will become my steady restaurant boyfriend.
4	My first venture to this place after a friend wanted to try it out.  The food was good but not great.  I had the BLT and it was tasty.  My friend got the scallops and it had a funny after taste.  I must say I would definitely be back just for the Macallan Ice Ball.  It's a perfect round sphere of ice for the perfect Scotch.
4	I really love the ambiance of this restaurant. It has a warmth to it that you can feel right away. We started off with the hummus appetizer which was great. They have a wonderful bread and olive oil they bring out. For the main deal I had the lamb burger after reading evryone's review. It was awesome. I will be getting the same thing again. It is served on focacia bread with fries and pickled veggies. Someone got the chicken which was also highly rated, but it really didn't taste that good. It tasted rubbery and bland to me even though there was truffle oil on it. The highly rate chopped salad was good too although not very filling. The prices were okay. I will be going back. This is an excellent place for a nice Birthday dinner.
5	My cravings led me back for more mashed potato grilled cheese. Just as amazing as ever. PLUS this time we added dessert. The cream cheese donut holes with three different dipping sauces were amazing. And the donut bread pudding....O.M.G. According to Chef it will soon be a regular on the menu. Get it. Thanks to Chef and Gibb for always taking such good care of us. Be back for more soon!
2	I was pretty excited to eat here because they had a great rating. I have had better chicken from Chick-Fil- A. General lack of flavor. I feel like I was at a different restaurant than what everyone else experienced. My boyfriend got the scallops...same mediocrity.
4	Doesn't quite have the spirit of camaraderie  of an actual pub house but hey this is Scottsdale and ideas of brotherhood are easily snuffed out by skinny jeans and tawdry gossip.  I recommend that you go on a quiet night so you can enjoy this place uninterrupted.  The menu has all the standards but with an improved twist.  I have a hard time leaving the Squealer Burger and fries but the whole menu is a welcome joy.
4	I had dinner here the other night and I was very happy with it. The chopped salad is the same as Cowboy Ciao's, and just as good. Later I learned that it's the same chef from Cowboy Ciao who brought over many or similar items. I ended up choosing the chicken as I had eaten a burger the night before. My girlfriend ordered the lamb burger and I was extremely jealous. My chicken was ok, it didn't blow me away, but the burger was amazing. The third in our group ordered the ribs and they were also fantastic. The meat just fell off the bone, was very tender, and had a lot of flavor. We'll definitely be coming back, and next time I'll get the burger.
2	Reading the reviews, I was expecting a lot more. Simply put, this is one of those places that tries to be better than it is.If you're expecting a true "Public House" with local or interesting beers, this restaurant has no different beers than dozens of other places. So go someplace cheaper.On the food front, everything was "meh", suffering from the symptom of having too much going on.  The famous chopped salad was smoked salmon, arugula, Israeli couscous, dried corn, tomatoes, and I can't remember what else.  It tasted like it sounds: a bunch of divergent stuff thrown together on a plate because those ingredients should be interesting together. But they're not.I also had the roast pork sandwich.  I can't quite tell you what it tasted like.  But, the menu said it was "fennel roasted pork sirloin, rapini, Scamorza cheese, Serbian lepinja roll, pickled vegetables." I don't even know what half of those things are, so it must be interesting, right? Meh, not so much.But, everyone else seems to like it, including the Arizona Republic, so what do I know?
4	CPH is great for groups!I admit it, (and I'm sorry, Chef Bernie), but I've only been to Citizen Public House on two occasions to date... That being said, both times I was there for events, and both times CPH did a great job.  My first visit was an event with passed appetizers and drinks shortly after they opened, and the other was for a happy hour / sit-down dinner for a group of 45 people, just last week.  Since it's more fresh in my mind, I'll go into more detail about the latter visit... We started on the patio and had drinks and some light apps including hummus and flatbread and their delicious bacon fat heirloom popcorn.  (They had vegetarian popcorn as well).  After about an hour, we moved inside to where there were three large rectangular tables set for our group with our own special menus.  We were able to choose from two mini-salads and four entrees and then we had family-style desserts.  I went with the infamous "original Chopped salad" to start and then chose the Pan Seared Scallops as my entree.  I think I cleaned both plates... and those around me likely had order envy as I definitely ordered right!  In addition, service was spectacular... somehow the Citizen staff managed to serve all 45 of us within minutes of each other!  They also kept our waters and our wine glasses full, which I'm sure added to the experience.I recently saw a preview of the new fall menu which includes some interesting items such as Chicken & Waffles, Applewood Smoked Duck Breast, and Grits + Gumbo... I will have to head back over there soon to give these things a try... that is, if I feel adventurous enough to order something other than what I know I love (the original Chopped salad and the scallops).  Whether you stick with your old stand-by favorites or try something new, enjoy!
5	AMAZING!!!! Ask for the grilled cheese with mashed potatoes.  It's not on the menu but it is delicious!  BEST GRILLED CHEESE IN TOWN!  The doughnut bread pudding is a piece of heaven!!!
5	Love this place! Great food and amazing cocktails!  I've never been disappointed.
2	Pretentious - I should have known by the name and location.  The waiter actually used the phrase "You should consider getting something from the bar, we like to think of it as the engine that drives the restaurant..." This comment was obviously uttered in the pre-shift meeting, I could not believe he actually said it.The chopped salad was good (petite & tossed table side?), I ordered a microbrew and my date had an egg-white/lemon vodka drink - yeah apparently in 2011 protein is cool to mix into your cocktails.   Should have asked if they had egg-beater whites instead.  Both choices were interesting but not anything I would tell a friend about.  Trying way too hard on the drinks in my opinion, some of the ingredients are completely unnecessary.  Good luck pronouncing them or trying to pick out their flavors in your drink, you'll be baffled.  Entree for me was the lamb burger ($14ish) medium, it was easily med-rare and not spectacular. Came with some pretty excellent french fries and some pickled rare vegetables (rutabaga? pickled rutabaga. yes, it exists.). Date ordered scallops which were a bit chewy, not melty like the mid-$20 price tag would have indicated.  If you are trying to impress someone, you can try to go here and maybe you'll fare better...we might have just ordered the wrong things?Tab was about $80 for two drinks, an appetizer, and two entrees. Boooo.Booked the reservation on Yelp, bonus!
5	While I've never actually eaten a full meal at CPH, this is probably my favorite place for drinks and apps.  I don't even care that their happy hour discounts are not that great.First off, they make a version of a sloe gin fizz.  Based on that alone, I'm at 5 stars.  The fact that it was fantastic was just an added bonus.  Second, they ingeniously thought to put bacon fat in the popcorn.  Now we're at 10 stars.    Third, 'kilt lifter" fondue.  Need I say more?
5	Loved this place!  We sat at the bar for a glass of wine for quite a bit, then ordered our entrees.  The bartender was SUPER friendly, and allowed me to try three wines before I ordered.  He made eye contact and didn't act rushed.  The service was excellent, food even better, and we left a very very very happy couple.  (Unfortunately we had almost the exact opposite experience at our next stop- the Side Bar).  Highly recommend the Public House.  Classy, yet casual.  Anything seems to go here.  Sequins and Sweatshirts.  I woke up this morning, yes, wanting my scallops entree AGAIN.  For breakfast. That is kind of gross, but you get the picture.
4	FIrst experience there was great!  No reservation, but got us right in and the service was fantastic.  Food was as wonderful as expected from our experiences at the chef's former restaraunt and a pretty good variety for many types of diets.  Preview of the upstairs "private club" is interesting.  Will look forward to checking that out when it's ready!
3	Arrived early for my res, hostess was sweet. Sat at the bar, had a cocktail and was promptly seated at a booth. Waitress was diligent in explaining every item on the menu. I had the short ribs cuz I make my own and always wanna judge the competition. Started with the pork-bun appy, this is 3/4 inch bacon fat, delicious if you can get over eating large chunks of bacon fat. Had the chopped salad too, its a salad with it's own facebook page enuf said.My guests both had the filet. Loved it. I had the aforementioned short rib. Originally it appeared to be quite a large portion with 4x ribs, layer of fat, and a chunk of meat on top. After digging in I realized the "chunk" was really quite small and the only other meat in this dish was the tiny portion between the ribs. The flavor of the meat was quite lacking- supposed to be "coffee braised", the sauce provided was very sweet- apple- more along the lines of barbeque than typical braised short ribs. Not for me very disappointed..BOTTOM LINE: Great overall experience. Short ribs fell short.
5	This place is a gem that is so different from many other up and coming places around town. The hostess greeted us and seated us quickly. The waitress was nothing but a fountain of knowledge about all things on the menu, which was helpful in making our selections for dinner. Starting off with some fun, different, and delicious drinks was a great suggestion, and the mac and cheese on the appetizer menu was to DIE for. Great mix of food and fun here. Dinner came out perfectly timed, and our waitress was attentive and helpful. The food was awesome and quite different than we would normally get. Great options, and the chopped salad is awesome, and I don't like salad, so that's saying a lot.
5	Great Food! Great Service! is all I can say... loved this place:-)
5	Everything about this place led to a great experience.  The food and drink menu are small but everything we picked was awesome.  Prepare yourself to try everything on the menu because you have to know how each item tastes.  I will be going back again soon and would recommend to anyone else looking for a good place on a regular week night.
4	Sat at the bar to eat.  Great bar area, although a bit suspect given it doesn't have one television (it is a pub, right?). As has been said before, the food was great.  I had a friend meet me, and then his girlfriend,and I think we pretty well covered the menu from appetizers to entrees.  Was surprised by the rosemary roasted nuts (simple concept, fantastic result) and the duck was excellent (millet really complimented the meal).  Great place for a date or to grab a drink.  I am a male and a heathen one at that, so for five stars I'd like to see a television at the bar.
4	I really enjoyed this place, and everything I have ordered there so far...  I went for the first time this week and later in the week sent my mom and brother because I liked it so much.  The original chopped salad was as delicious as always.  I had a hard time deciding between the scallops, the halibut and the meatloaf.  They were out of the halibut, so scallops and meatloaf it was.  The servers I spoke to were all very knowledgeable about the menu.  I am not sure I could pick one meal over the other next time.  I liked them both so much.  I guess I am always going to have to drag someone with me and do the ordering for the both of us.I can't wait to try the bacon brittle.  :-)
5	Great food, great wine and great service!  Thank you Kerrie for being so accommodating for our party!  We had a blast and I would def recommend this place to everyone who will listen to me!!
4	we had filet, scallop and fish (3 entrees), all are delicious!good service also, we'll definitely come back again!
5	Fabulous time at CPH tonight. I was in PHX for a quick pre-holiday getaway. We found CPH via Yelp and the restaurant exceeded expectations.  Our server was Gary, who was one of the best servers I've ever had. Attentive, with impeccable timing. He helped pace our courses and wanted to make sure he didn't encourage us to over order. Onto the food. I started with the signature drink, the Citi Zen.  It's like a grown up lemonade. I didn't even add in the optional rock sugar stick. Our starter was the fondue. Not too thick, served with crusty bread, apples and sausages. Next up, the Original Chopped Salad. WOW! That was my favorite. It's a really unexpected combo of tastes, textures and flavors, but it just works. Don't miss this. Then, the chicken and waffles. Chicken was fried to perfection without being the least bit oily. Finally, finished with the coffee and donuts, which is a great twist on the flavors, turned into a bread pudding. If I lived in the PHX area, this would be in my regular rotation.
2	I work at an upscale resort in Scottsdale and ended up with dinning certificates my husband and I saved to have a nice date night without the kiddo. We wanted to go somewhere that we could truly enjoy the food, the atmosphere, and the beverages and found this highly recommended.First impression of the restaurant was great! Very clean looking, romantic setting if you wanted it, beautiful bar and everything just seemed in place and taken care of. The hostess was very friendly and quickly sat us in the area we requested. From there is where the service quickly took a turn for the worse. Our server Amy came to greet us and took our water order? We had been sitting and waiting, reading the drink menu so by the time she came around we already knew what we wanted to drink but all she gave us the opportunity order was water. She returned a short moment later to take our drink order but still no water. We were brought our drinks by another server and halfway through our drinks our water finally came. Not a big deal but why make a fuss about our water order if its going to be brought to the table well after our drink order arrived.  My husband and I were pretty excited about trying the food so we already knew that we wanted to try the Pork Belly appetizers. Unfortunately  once our drinks arrived our server did not return for quite a while to give us the opportunity to order our starter. When she finally returned to the table the exchange was so fast we didn't have a chance to let her know we were also ready to order dinner. Once again she quickly disappeared and did not return until well after our food arrived. At that time we were finally able to order our main course. Taking a look around the restaurant we started to notice that all servers (aside from ours) were very upbeat, enthusiastic, and just plain friendly. We waited so long for our drinks to be replenished at one point my husband had to go get us drinks from the bar! We counted tables and realized that our server not only had our table but 4 additional tables and a party of 15 or so. It was then clear that our table was picked as the sacrificial table to keep up great service to the rest. We get that sometimes you just get so busy this has to be done, but a simple " I'm sorry" really goes a long way. Why did this poor girl get no help or support from her team? A manager did not once come to our table to see how we were doing or apologize for the lack of service.The food was AMAZING. I am not really a pork eater but that starter is something I would eat over and over. I ordered the Filet and my husband ordered the Short Ribs. Both to die for!! My husband, being a chef, is very hard to please but there wasn't much that he didn't love. If I was to rate this place just based on food it would hands down get 5 stars. Unfortunately its not fun to spend that much on great food and have such poor, poor service. Part of my job is to refer both guests and clients to restaurants in the Scottsdale area, and service like this makes me think twice about sending people that way. I would return based on the food alone, but I would definitely sit at the bar. This first try was super disappointing. Reservations are recommended, we were there on a Tuesday night for dinner and it was busy!
4	Came in here while in town visiting. The place is super cool looking when you walk inside.They have a few unique cocktails that I would recomend trying. We started w/the pita and hummus which was very tasty. I had the lamb burger which was very good- but my friend had the scallops- which were amazing! I would recommend getting the scallops.
5	Citizen Public House is my go to place for an amazing bite to eat and excellent service. I have been to CPH at least 6 or more times and every time I am never disappointed. CPH is comfort food taken to the next level. Whether you order the Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn (don't fear it, it's awesome) or the chicken and waffles, taste bud satisfaction is the norm at this place. I think the reason I keep coming back, despite the excellent food and amazing white sangria is the amazing service. Whether it's a busy Saturday night, or an early dinner on a weekday I am continually impressed with their level of knowledge and service at CPH. It's how a restaurant experience should be, and it's consistently amazing, just like the food. A plus also is they offer Gluten-Free options for my celiac sister. Believe me she is very hard to please, but CPH always puts her at ease when it comes to the GF options. Go to CPH and I promise you will not be disappointed.What I love to order: white sangria, original chopped salad, pan seared scallops
5	Nice restrooms.I really should say up-front that I didn't eat anything here.  So why do they deserve 5 stars?  Because I want to give a HUGE shout out to my server (insert name here).I had just come from eating apps at another restaurant up the street and when my dining companion got her scallops, well, let's just say my tummy wasn't all that happy with it's contents.  I was probably running to the restroom every 5 minutes or so.Our server (forgive me, but I didn't catch the name during my sprints to the loo) was awesome.  She gave me several bitters and ginger in an attempt to calm my stomach and offered some other options I could pick up at the drugstore.  Unfortunately, nothing worked, but the fact that she gave a damn how I was feeling was cool in my book.  Oh, and the bitters and ginger were really tasty...too bad they didn't stay down for long.Anyway, I can comfortably say these restrooms are nicely decorated...just wish I didn't have to spend all dinner there.
4	Citizen Public House truly epitomizes modernist cuisine.  For example the pork belly is prepared as a pastrami, the entire preparation from before its even cooked, the spaetzle resembled french friends and even includes brussels sprout sauerkraut.  Some of the cocktails such as the Im-Port, featuring leather and tobacco bitters, sound really strange but when combined with the other components just work.  This a truly first class dining destination and one of the few places I've been to in Arizona I could see working in east coast cities such at Philly, NYC and Boston.
3	We went to CPH for my 29th birthday in early December.  It was easy to find as it is located in Old Town and once inside it was dark and hip.  They have a large bar and the dining area wraps around it.We did not have reservations so sat at the bar for about 20 minutes before our table was ready.The bar experience was the BEST part.  I had the Citi-zen signature (lemon drop) it was AMAZING!  It comes with a stick of rock candy as well.  My husband also thought his drink was one of the best cocktails he has ever had... We also snacked on some bacon fat popcorn which was super tasty.Once seated we had really great service, but the food was lacking. I had a pork sandwich that was just average at best and not very hot.  My husband had the meatloaf, which was good, but slightly overcooked and pretty small considering the price.  I did end the night with the black and tan dessert and it would be one of my favs along with Gallo Blancos chocolate pudding for best desserts in the valley.So my suggestion is hit up happy hour, grab a few drinks & apps and finish off with the black and tan dessert.  Call it a night and save yourself from a disappointing entree and in the process save some serious cash..
5	Great decor. Great food and very good service. You have to try the pork belly pastrami. To die for! Their version of the Manhattan was very good. As for the main courses you can't go wrong with the scallops or the smoked duck. For dessert go with the black & tan pudding. Oh soooo good. Highly recommend this place.
4	I was very happy with my experience at Citizen Public House.  The service was great.  My friend and I sat outside on the lounge area while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive.  The area was small, but pleasant and the staff was very accommodating.  After our party arrived, we went inside for our meal.  The dining room has great atmosphere.  It was casual, but you still felt like you were at a nice restaurant/bar.  The pork belly pastrami was awesome even though my friends complained the appetizer dish was too small.  I mean, how much pork belly can one really eat?  For entree, I got the pan seared scallops which were great.  The portion was a bit small, with just 3 scallops.  I did not mind it as I was not very hungry, but others may have a problem with that.  For drinks, I had sangria, which was tasty.  My friends got the Citi-Zen which they enjoyed.  They guys were not too thrilled about The Persian cocktail because they claim there was not enough alcohol.  Overall, 5 stars because I had a really good time and all the food that I tried were good.  -1 star for being a bit too pricey for what they have to offer and also some others in my party were not completely thrilled with their food/drink choices.
5	My husband to be and I had a great date night here. We made a reservation using open table and were seated promptly when we came in. Our waiter Gary was fabulous and provided great recommendations on the menu. He was fun and knew the menu well. We had great drinks and great food. We tried the crab cakes and Mac n cheese both to start with. My hubby to be got the filet and I got the meatloaf and everything was super yummy. Definitely will go back and bring friends!
5	Amazing food and great service!
4	Went there last night, sat at the bar. Great service ! The food was D-LISH as well. I am a fan ! I had the Barramundi and my friends had the smart chicken and the short ribs. WE were all very happy with our dishes.Can't wait to try them out again and go up for a cocktail at their new bar :)
4	This place is going to turn me into a alcoholic.  The cocktails here get five, big, huge amazing stars.  They are as great as everyone says they and you will want to order "one of everything" - and that's okay.  I started with the Citi-Zen as the waiter said it was their most popular and I was not disappointed. I followed that up with a traditional Pisco Sour - I say traditional because they include a RAW EGG in their recipe - just like the pisco sours in South America!The menu is slightly lacking in the 'vegetarian' department, but to be fair our waiter did offer up an off-the-menu risotto type dish for my honey and I.  Instead, we ordered this grilled cheese type sandwich. Okay, but get this, the cheese itself is grilled. Its this weird/awesome Middle Eastern cheese that doesn't melt easily so they put a thick cheese slice on the grill! YUM!! Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable in both the food and cocktail menu and brought us out a complimentary dessert for our anniversary.The decor itself was kind of plain and lacked in the ambiance department - but after two or three Pisco Sours, who cares?!
4	A hidden gem in Phoenix. I easily give the bar 5-stars, but I've gotta go 4-stars overall. Don't get me wrong, the food and service is wonderful, but overall the restaurant is lacking just a tiny bit in the "awesome vibe" factor (if that makes sense). Great for a date night. My husband and I typically turn to Citizen Public House for drinks at the bar - either before dinner or for a nightcap before heading home. The big, dark wood bar is stationed in the main attraction of the restaurant and feels very hip and mysterious all at the same time. Unlike so many bars (especially in Scottsdale), Citizen Public House prides itself on actual bar mixologists. I've seen some of the most elaborate cocktails being poured and served at this bar - it's so fun to watch and learn. The bartenders are wonderful, knowledgeable and nice to boot. You can't go wrong!
4	This place does it well in every way.  I had my birthday dinner here for a party of 16 on a Saturday night in December.  I had previously tried Citizen during restaurant week but my BF who arranged the evening had never been.  They seated us at a wonderful table near the front of the restaurant in the semi private alcove.  It was perfect, very intimate and I was able to hear everyone and mingle and socialize with my party.  The service was absolutely fantastic - never was anyone in my party left thirsty as our alcohol tab demonstrated at the end of night.  We actually had 2 servers who circulated and made sure that everyone knew what wine was open, etc.  We were there for over an hour before we began ordering appetizers.  When I apologized to the server, saying I hoped we were not taking too long in case there was another seating for the table, he told me not to worry at all, that this was ours for the night.  I like a leisurely paced dinner, especially when I'm the guest of honor.  My BF had bought me a Lisa's Rum cake, and even though they charge a $25 fee to handle and serve the cake, they did a wonderful job.  I declared it the best bday I had ever had :)  They are owned by the same group as Cowboy Ciao, which I have been a longtime fan of.  The original chopped salad which has it's own facebook page, yes, yes - they have it, and therefore I have not been able to order anything else to start.  It's just perfect.  I have also ordered the scallops each time I've been.  Corn grits and bacon along with cola gastrique combine with the scallops into the most awesome flavor and texture.  Not at all sweet, but rich and complex.  I also enjoyed their Moe'scow mule and they have a nice wine list.  The BF got the short ribs, and the first time he really really liked them.  I apparently tasted them but I was 2 hours into my bday dinner, and I can hardly remember due to the 2 martinis and countless glasses of wine. When we recently went back a week ago, he again ordered the short ribs, but he seemed less enthusiastic.  I tasted them, and I found the short rib itself to be quite good, tender, flavorful.  I did not care for the dried cherry bbq sauce.  I found it to be acidic and sweet, but not balanced at all.  The smell also turned me off.  I would go so far as to call it pungent.  It didn't compliment the short ribs, and neither did the roasted parsnip puree it was served with.  It was just too sweet.  I applaud their creativity, but in this case it just didn't work for me and I would have preferred something more garlicky and mellow.  Dessert and Espresso were fantastic, have tried the donutbread pudding and also the one with the chocolate pot de creme which I thought was more interesting.  Overall a totally solid 4 stars.  We will definitely be back again and again.
4	Great place!  I could give it five stars but I definitely have to go with a solid four due to a couple of minor things.I took my boyfriend here for an early Valentine's Day dinner on Saturday night.  I found it on yelp as I just moved to Phoenix and had no idea where to take him other than the usual Flemings that he loves.We started with a couple of the recommended drinks. I had the Manhattan, it was definitely good, not the best I have had though.  My bf had the Citi-Zen and it was FAB!  Probably one of the best drinks I have tasted.We started out with the Chicken and Waffles.  Really good, Almond Butter and Honey was so different but super yummy.  The only complaint was that they gave you one square of Waffle to five pieces of chicken.  We would have been satisfied with two pieces of chicken and maybe just cut the price a little.  Which I wasn't unhappy with the price per se but it just seemed a little off portion size.I had the scallops which were AMAZING and my bf had the meatloaf.  Which I tasted and it was was really good. I like meatloaf that actually tastes like meat instead of everything else they put into it and that for sure delivered.  We were both really happy with our entrees.We also had the Black and Tan dessert, which was yummy. But for the life of me I do not understand why we cannot find a restaurant that does caramel pudding the right way. This was by far the best we have ever had out but it still had a grittiness to it.  The only drawback to the restaurant per se is the noise level in there. I felt like at times I was straining to hear my bf talk or I was yelling at him and we both are not old enough to be having those problems lol.    I would definitely recommend this place, maybe not for a romantic dinner but it is for sure one of the best restaurants I have been to in the area! Thanks fellow yelpers!!
4	02/15/16Forgive me, oh Lord, for I have sinned... I don't know what I was thinking eating a sandwich, side salad, AND drinking an entire blackberry mojito (it was sooooo good!) at a nearby restaurant when I could have just had a couple of bites there and then gone for a second cocktail here...  Of course, instead of ordering a cocktail (the flaming cocktail expert Richie Moe wasn't in the house, yo!), I decided to go for an espresso and try that delicious-sounding black & tan pudding http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/d10IxZPirVJlOSpdRZJczA?select=eKxPXAmYF0fu0b38M4lpsA  our server said was his favorite dessert on the menu.  By the time the sweets arrived, I'd already inhaled the espresso, so I had to get a cup of drip coffee, black.  Oh lordy, lordy, lordy- what a beautiful combo the decadent chocolate pudding and luscious and oh-so-sinfully-creamy caramel (my fave of the two flavors), topped with fresh whipped cream and a peanut brittle crumble made w/ both coffees!  Yeah, me wanna love you long time!A shout out to our super-fun server, Newman.  What a terrific guy!  ;)
4	Not your typical Irish bar. Kind of just a bar w/ some whisky barrels on one wall. Very chic looking though. We stopped in for a nightcap so we didnt see it in full swing.The drinks were delicious and oh my god, bacon popcorn, Really?! Yes. The answer is yes. And it was awesome.Im anxious to try something from their actual menu.
4	I love everything I've ever tried here---- scallop dish, mac n cheese, pastrami pork belly, lamb sandwich, grilled cheese and of course, the infamous chopped salad. Yum, I'm drooling just thinking about it all! They also make a delicious Moscow Mule cocktail. I've always made reservations so have never had to wait. Staff has always been attentive, courteous and prompt. I just wish they had a more appealing and reasonably priced dessert menu.
4	We stopped in shortly after 10 pm on a Sunday after FnB rejected us (they do their last seating at 10 pm).  However, it ended up to be no big deal as Citizen was really quite good.  We were looking for a small-ish meal before ending the night.  Crab Cakes:  I suppose that crab cakes have been done enough to the point where you can really only screw them up.  Citizen did not screw them up.Kale Caesar:  I ordered it because I knew it would be relatively healthy (ok, completely healthy?) and it definitely tasted healthy.  I was hoping for some sort of chef's magic that would turn kale into foie gras but this wasn't the case.  Nothing like I hoped for but in truth, everything that I expected.  The fact that they'd even put something like this on their menu makes me consider giving them five stars.Chicken and Waffles:  The chicken was cooked perfectly and the honey was an ideal match.  I do wish the waffle was crispier though...Service was very fast, very friendly and they deserve a lot of credit for being willing to stay open this late in an area that doesn't seem to stay open that late on Sundays.
4	I haven't tried enough things on the menu nor was I thrilled enough to give this five stars, but it was good. I would like to go back to try their famous salad! The Mac and Cheese was pretty good, the hummus plate was good, my friend's salad (can't remember the name, but it was the one with popcorn in it) was alright. I am also planning on trying the scallops and the BLT sandwich next time. The fact that they had a Moscow Mule on their cocktail menu was an added bonus. I didn't try it yet because I wanted to take advantage of happy hour and ordered wine instead, but I will be!
3	Came to cph on a friends recommendation, and right off the bat the menu seemed really familiar. I had just gone to Cowboy Ciao the weekend prior and it felt like deja vu. So much so that I had to ask if they were affiliated with one another- sure enough the chef for cph had worked at Cowboy Ciao for 15 years or something the waiter said. Ok. Got it. The thing about both of these restaurants is that the menu is very eclectic, interesting ingredients such as duck fat in the ice cream. Friends ordered the famous chop salad and loved it. Even this has dehydrated corn in it. This restaurant has beautiful decor, not stuffy but elegant. Not something I could see myself wanting to eat all the time. Very rich food. Just ok.
3	I went here the other night with a friend of mine and we both agreed it was okay. We both got the chicken and it was good but it was anything out of the ordinary and for 20 dollars for a piece of chicken I guess we were expecting more.The service was good but we just weren't really impressed as we thought we would be.
3	Made an 8:15 reservation on Yelp for a late Vday dinner with the Mrs. last Friday. Wanted to check out Cowboy Cio, but then saw the reviews about CPH and decided to give it a try. Got there at 8pm and was greeted with a smile. Our table was still at 8:15, but the hostess said we could hang at the bar or the stinky patio. Had quick service for a glass of Pinot and Tanqueray and tonic ($20 without tip). OK pour. Short wait and we were whisked away to a table for 2. Was greeted by Clark who quickly got us more drinks and asked if we had any questions. Good guy, very helpful and honest about his choices. We switched gears to a Lagunitas IPA ($5) and sangria ($8), which was served nicely. Read about the Pork bellly Pastrami app and the Citizen Chop Salad, so we ordered both. Clark hooked it up so we could have each in courses per say. Pork belly was awesome! C'mon - rye spaetzle, Brussels sprout sauerkraut = goodness. Citizen Chopped - chayote, snow pea greens, grape tomato, heirloom popcorn, grilled halloumi cheese, cucumber-onion salad & parsley-garlic dressing! Very unique tastes and refreshing. Would like to have that salad in the summer for sure!Main courses - The Mrs. had the Short Ribs ($28) and I ordered the Meatloaf... yeah, I know... I was hoping for something epic in meatloaf, but it was good. Nuthin special. The Short ribs on the other hand were EPIC! It is served with this dried cherry bbq sauce that you would not hesitate to lick the small bowl dry! The short rib had a dark right out the BBQ pit look. It was AWESOME! Comes with roasted parsnip puree & seasonal veg. Dessert - "DONUTS & COFFEE" ($10) - Bourbon glazed donut bread pudding, vanilla sauce, cafe au lait ice cream, brown sugar streusel... + More AWESOME! If you go, get it! Overall, A good experience. I want to give it 3.5 stars. Service was prompt, Food was good, but it was the surprises in the ingredients that made it fun. Good mix of people too. The price is a little high by a few bucks for items in my opinion. I mean a $20 meatloaf should have been effin epic - Right?!
4	On Saturday I crushed the competition during the "Great Urban Race". I was in a race to Sunday because I knew my Wife and I were going to CPH on Sunday for dinner!  So we get there Sunday with Reservation. I order a Midwest Manhattan, it sucked and the B-tender noticed I did not like it. He asked me for a baseline of what I liked and made a drink for me based on that. Guess Im a fruit because he gave me something pearish with red bull! It was good. My wife got sangria which was killer.We were with other guests and wanted to try the menu, so here goes:Appetizers:Kiltlifter Fondue: 2.5/5 - Not a thick fondue....and thats ok because the flavour is sharp, which I like. What I did not like was I could not taste the subtle flavors of the hops and barley.Bernies Mac n' Cheese: 2.5/5 - Pretty boring. Cavatelli, came to the party underdressed and overpaid. Same mix of ingredients in the fondue. Laughing at myself.Pork Belly Pastrami : 4/5  - This could easily be a five. It just needed a stronger pepper crust to contrast the flavourful fattyness. This dish is excellent. I actually can't wait to go back and eat it again. The flavor of pastrami, yet not as smoky as you would find in a NYC deli, as fatty and tender as can be, Oh and the tatses linger....into bedtime!! Not so good...Pastami burps. The rye spaetzle was great and I loved the sprout krout!!! Whole mustard seeds a nice touch!! Chicken and Waffles : 3.75/5 - Really surprised! Loved the waffle. It was a touch small. Crunchy outside, soft middle full of flavour. The blue clover honey is not as fancy as some might think, quite common actually, none the less it is good. CPH may want to sub for a single pass amber. The almond butter was a nice touch. What I liked was the light crust on the chicken, and the chicken was moist, literally juicy.Meatloaf 2/5 - Terrible. Dry with an over salty demi. Ho hum pot's and weak zuzchini. My wifes is better but I wont tell her! Sorry. The two star rating is becuse the portion size is enormous....which, had the meatloaf been good would have busted my gut. But there are some round eaters out there that would like to know that this brick o meat is for you. Lamb Burger 4/5 - Really good. Cooked perfectly, charred a bit on outside with a nice juicy oink center. The Carrier for the beast was crispy, Warm, chewy and soft. Delicious!! Loved the fact that it was like a gyro sans gyro meat. Replaced with a hunk of charred lamb. Good Shit. The fries were great but the ketchup....thats a bingo bitch, what fun!Duck Smoked 3.5/5 - Cooked perfectly!! Thats always a bonus. Thank you chef! Everthying seemed right here, just did not do it FOR ME! I have had much better but this was good. Definately got the flavour profile balanced. Loved the Kale! Eh...maybe I should bump this to a 4 star dish.  Pretty good.Scallop and Grits 5/5 - Excellent ! I thought I was the only one who could truly execute a perfect tasting scallop. It is my pickest dish and one of the easiest to ruin. They were seared perfectly, cooked just right and all the oceanic, nutty, buttery smooth richness you want from a scallop was present upon first bite. The grits.....hands down the best part of my dinner. Thet were rich, roasty, corny and had absorbed the brine from the scallops almost turning this dish into a grit ala risotto. Weird, delis=cious with a a tongue ascerbic lashing from colas gastrique. Nicely done. I will be back for this soon!!Overall a great place. Big on flavor, good vibe and it's nice to see the workers hanging out and helping out as if you were invited to a buddys house. They want you to be happy!! Good Shit!
5	Absolutely spectacular. That is the only way to describe the food at Citizen Public House.So let me start this review with my obsessive love for the Pork Belly Pastrami appetizer. Hands down one of the best things I've ever eaten. This pork belly is just the most amazing, literally melt in your mouth meaty/fatty goodness you'll ever taste. SO AMAZING. After tasting this appetizer, I seriously contemplated canceling my main entree and just ordering 5 more of the Pork Belly Pastrami. (Note: I did in fact return a day later to again indulge in the fatty pork belly goodness. SO WORTH IT.) If you order nothing else here, order the Pork Belly Pastrami. You'll thank me.Quick note on the service and drinks so I can continue to rave about the food: J and I came here for a late dinner on Thursday and had really great service even though we were only sitting in the bar area. We again experienced excellent service on Saturday when we returned for a late lunch (and to introduce one of his friends to the incredible food! I spent so much time raving about the food on Friday that we had no choice but to come here on Saturday). J had what he said was an amazing old fashioned, and I tried their signature Citi-Zen which had a great pear flavor and was served with rock candy as a stirring stick. Candy with a drink, that's a definite win for me.Back to the food:Pan Seared Scallops - Delectable combination of flavors. Salty and crispy bacon, sweet and smooth corn grits, with wilted snow pea greens that added both a nice color and flavor to the dish, seared scallops sit atop all this deliciousness. And then it is all topped with a tangy and tasty Red Rock Cola Gastrique. Did I make the correct dinner choice? Abso-freaking-lutely.Amaro Meatloaf - J's dinner choice. A lovely combination of flavors, but I personally found it to be a bit dry, J loved it though. The mashed potatoes were buttery and delicious. And the roasted zucchini was fresh and very enjoyable. But I would still choose the scallops over this any day.So when we came back on Saturday we decided to just order appetizers. Which was of course a good choice because mostly everything we ate was amazing. We ate:The Original Chopped Salad - smoked salmon, Israeli couscous, and a bunch of other delicious things make for a very enjoyable texture and flavor combination - one of the best salads I've ever had!Chicken and Waffles - Think fancy chicken and waffles. Another great flavor combination - crispy chicken tenders with a kick, buttery waffle with almond butter, and all dipped in honey. Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn - It is what it says it is. Bacon and popcorn. It's tasty, but only worth it if it's during "Social Hour" when bar snacks (and draft beers) are half off (so when this is $2.50).Grits + Gumbo - The only dish I didn't really like. I have to say I was pretty disappointed with this one. I felt like it could have been so much better. The grits were tasty, and the andouille sausage was okay. But the gumbo itself seemed kind of like a thick but not very flavorful chili. I would skip this next time.Our friend that came with us on Saturday had the BLT and said it was outstanding. Which I would imagine it was, seeing as how the bacon came from the same company as the pork belly!This review is extremely long now. But I swear, this place absolutely deserves all the praise! I suppose I'll stop now but I'll end with this...Order the Pork Belly Pastrami!!!
4	Went to Citizen Public House for the first time this week. Very nice location in the heart of Old Town Scottsdale. Great atmosphere with doors opened and nice breeze.I had the meatloaf and my wife had the lamb burger. Portion size of my meatloaf was nice and the mashed potatoes were good. Thought the meatloaf was a little burnt, but not too bad. Lots of mushroom flavor with the gravy.Wife enjoyed the lamb burger. It was huge and probably 1/2 could go home with you for leftovers.Happy Hour drinks were nice too. Service was very good.
5	I recently had the opportunity to give this place a second try, and what a world of a difference!Had reservations with my husband for our wedding anniversary and from the beginning we had a change of heart about the place. From being handed black napkins so that we would not get lint on our clothing, to the bread service (neither of which happened on previous visits) everything was outstanding! Our server Gary was prompt, friendly, knowledgeable, and made us feel very welcome. I again had the Filet, which of course was AMAZING. We tried the Mac N Cheese but it really wasn't all that impressive. I really cant wait to eat there again, and bringing more of our foodie friends with us!Thank you CPH crew for making me see why this place gets 5 stars!
5	We have visited twice, one time with clients and the other with family, and had delicious food and absolutely superb service each time.  Do not miss the Original Chopped Salad - justifiably famous.  Don't split it - get one all for yourself!  The bar has an excellent beer list - the Goose Island Matilda is always a treat.  Get over there!
5	Amazing!  What an incredible first time to a place wonderfully run by an old friend!  Peg and I dropped in tonight (early enough so that we could savor the friendship of Bernie and Gina) and had an amazing meal.  Pork belly pastrami appetizer, the traditional chopped salad, and creative main courses of the scallops/grits and meatloaf/yukon gold potato. Of course, the pecan nut bars were an emphatic end to one of the best meals that we have had. It is so  nice to see gracious people excel at what they do, and this is one of the best ever.  We will return and bring friends!!   Love you guys!!
4	The chopped salad was delicious and really enjoyed the steak as well.  Different take on a steakhouse and lots of interesting dishes.
4	Love this place and will be back!  There are three things I look for in a restaurant; great menu/food, great service, and ambiance.  If you are looking for these too then you have to try CPH!
4	Yum, Yum, Yummy!  And great service too!
3	It was my first time here, i had a good experience but i thought the food i had was ok.  Maybe i dont have a very sophisticated palette, but i thought the fondue was ok.  The cheese didn't have a very appetizing taste to it.  I ordered the short ribs which were awesome!! They fell right off the bone and had great taste.  they pair it with a mashed potato that had a weird spearmint taste that overwhelmed the dish.  I had a drink called the moscow mule, very refreshing and it doesn't feel like you are having alcohol.  My fiance ordered the chopped salad, supposedly one of the best salads she has had.  I had a bite and agreed it was very good.  The ambiance it nice, a little dark, but was cool how it felt like you were in a house.  I will go back, but hopefully have a good all around meal.
4	I really want to give it five stars, but to be honest this place just didn't "knock my socks off".  Don't get me wrong, the food was pretty great, the service was good and the drink menu was awesome and unique.I had the Lamburger which is basically a Gyro on a bun but kind of deconstructed.  It was very juicy and flavorful but I probably should have ordered it mid-well instead of medium as I freak myself out over undercooked ground meat.  My fault though, not the restaurants.Definitely worth a try.  Give it a go!
5	i dine at citizen any night of the week and enjoy taking friends who've not had the cph pleasure.  it's hard to explain/justify the greatness of signature chopped salad (i end up selling it my dinner mate du jour saying the salad is so good it has its own facebook fan page).the location is great, in the heart of old town and easy to get to as cph is on the corner of 5th and craftsman ct.  the vibe on any going night is easy going no matter how busy it is.  the familiar faces that do the meet and greet is an added touch being as how i notice with every visit cph is busy.  the atmosphere lighting is great and so is decor.  the seats in dining room could be a bit more "cushiony" to promote more relaxation.  menu terminology/ingredients could be dumbed down a bit diners who aren't the gourmand.  thankfully my girlfriend erica explained to me what an heirloom potoato is.  oh i get it, when asking what "this" is on the menu, the server can seize the moment to "sell" the dish to my awaiting tastebuds.  still, it's always a turn on to read and KNOW/imagine what the ingredients are than having to wander.chopped salad and pork rind apps are top notch.i enjoyed the chicken with risotto, the smoke flavor was a bit much.chicken and waffles?  eh, the waffle was had a bit too much "buckwheat" taste to it.  mac and cheese would be much tastier if not served with sweet salsa on top.  i always receive impeccable service when sitting at the bar to eat.  drinks are great and i appreciate the bartender being constant in his attention to service /detail when i appear.  I've been a patron 8+ times now.he is singlularly responsible for the 2nd visit which has turned into unplanned but definite neverending visits to cph.  i order out here and there from cph.  when i came in one night to pick up the food he rang me up and i told him to keep the change, as i always tip when picking up take out.  (i'm in the service business).he thanked me and then asked if he could get me a drink while my order was being bagged.  i pick up all the time and am never asked this by waitstaff.this made the difference.i enjoyed a shirley temple in a to go cup and naturally he served it without charging.  i don't own a large operation like cph but how nice was it be served a non alcoholic beverage grazie.  again, the little added touches are what keeps a customer coming back.  if only other establishments offered free soft drinks while waiting for food.the women's bathroom appears to be cleaned every time i've had to use lady's room.i've not yet (can't believe it) consumed any dessert.  i'm also wanting to try the grits app.  every person i've taken to cph has enjoyed it.
5	Finally, an AZ restaurant worthy of NYC praise: high quality and innovative, like my favorite restaurants in Manhattan. We sat at the bar, served by an awesome mixologist/bartender named Brandon, who is a fellow foodie as well. Was blown away by their signature dish: Pastrami topped Pork Belly and told Brandon to tell the Chef/Co-Owner that his Pork Belly was better than the famed Momofuku of NYC. He immediately went to the kitchen to pass the message, and it was much appreciated by Chef Bernie. Drinks made by Brandon were outstanding as well, my fav was their signature drink The Im-Port (Jameson, Port, tobacco and leather bitters, rock sugar rim etc). We also had the Smoked Duck, Short Rib and Lamb Burger - all great dishes. Highly recommended and will be pushing for a No Reservations or Layover episode here soon. GO!
4	Visited CPH for the first time during their daily "social" (aka Happy Hour).  They offer an excellent selection of half price draft beers, wine, cocktails and bar food.  The space and ambiance are excellent.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  I went with just 4 stars for my first review because I only tried one beer and one snack.. The Cutthroat Porter was excellent and the Kiltlifter Fondue was very good but I felt the dipping items didn't complement the cheese all that well.  Definitely looking forward to tasting more in the future.
5	We walked here from our hotel the Valley Ho on recommendation from the hotel staff. We were seated shortly and the atmosphere is real nice. The oval shaped bar in the middle sets it off.The waiter gave us a 5 minute run down pumping up the menu and it changed what I was going to order. I decided on the meat loaf because it was 3 different types of ground meat. It was a mid-range price at $20 considering the filet was $34.I ordered a hummingbird and and later a heff. Both tasty selections. My friends got fancy cocktails, including a pomegranate infused mojito that inspired laughs.The food was delicious. I asked him what the amazing sauce was and I believe he said it was a "veal demiglaze (demigloss??). It was delicious. The sides of zucchini and mashed potato were filling. I felt very satisfied after. I would definitely return here and recommend it to friends.I was disappointed that none of us tried their house salad that apparently has it's own facebook page but that will be for the next time.
4	Good food. Very knowledgeable staff. Great drinks. Cool ambiance. Atmosphere was a little muted, especially for a Saturday night. Not that many people there and the tables are spread far apart. Overall though, a great restaurant for Scottsdale.
4	Incredible food and drinks, very loud and table service mediocre at best.  Not bad enough to not to warrant a second visit.  I'll give it another try...
4	The husband took me out for a night on the town, and I chose Citizen for dinner.  I have been wanting to try citizen for some time now, thanks to my yelp buddies, and was very excited that the time had come!We made reservations for an early dinner before our show.  We arrived earlier than expected, no problem, they got us in right away.Our server was quick, friendly, and knowledgeable.  He guided up through their specialty drinks and gave great menu suggestions.We sampled a few of their specialty cocktails on happy hour, great drinks at a good price, and had the 'tender belly' bacon fat heirloom popcorn. I like that they list bar snacks and starters separately because this certainly isn't an appetizer, but its is a great bar snack.  I'd love to tell you what my husband had for dinner, whatever it was he liked it, but  you see my memory of the night is clouded by the memory of the decadent dream that is the Pan Seared Scallops.Wouldn't you know, I had never had scallops before, well I have, but they have been raw, or just an ingredient in a pasta, I had been meaning to try them as the main course for awhile and boy am I glad I did.Scallops my friend, have been an underrated chorus girl in my life, but this dish gave them the chance to shine, and shine they did.  When given full billing they make you ashamed you had ever shoved them in the background in the first place.I will never again take scallops for granted.I am actually in quite a pickle, because all of citizen's menu looks amazing, but I don't know that I can ever enter this establishment and order anything but those wonderful scallops again.
4	I fell in love with the food, came back twice, and loved it some more.  The atmosphere is  boring and oversized but the food makes the back drop not matter.  The first time I had the duck breast, and it was one of the best duck breasts in the Valley.  Plump, tender, crispy... it had it all.  The stuffing and cranberry were extra yum.I can't remember what I had the second time.  Never a great sign.  And the second time the service was terrible.  Really bad.   But I still want to go back... soon.
4	I loved their pork belly pastrami and their lamb burger! Def on our list of places to return to on our next trip out to Arizona! Yums! And not pricey either!  You won't be disappointed!
3	Our service was excellent! Very attentive!The food was also pretty good for what it was, and the prices were decent.We would however not return because the food is just not our style. While looking at the menu, nothing stood out to us. We literally didn't like the sound of anything on the menu. We did order two dishes, and they were good, but I guess it's just nothing we would ever crave.We were here for a friend's birthday, and we did look at the menu online a few days earlier. Even then, nothing jumped out at us.Our friends did seem to enjoy their meals though!I would recommend looking at the menu first. If the dishes sound good to you, then I'm sure you will enjoy your meal!
5	Completely incredible. We had the burrata salad, the original chopped salad and the chicken over risotto. All were masterfully made with perfect, fresh ingredients. The place is not overly fussy, but the food is clearly made my someone with a great deal of skill. It was inventive but not too far out there. And it was so well crafted, but not over worked.  A difficult balance to strike, in my opinion. Our very memorable and charismatic waiter was Gary. And despite his big personality, he knew exactly when we needed him and exactly when we wanted to be left alone with our perfect food. Exceptional experience overall.
5	Nice bar restaurant with some very interesting cocktails.  The Citi-zen was especially good with its rock candy stir stick (and you can make your drink as sweet as you want).  Their famous chopped salad deserves its fame - really good.  The pork belly pastrami was different and oh so good.  And oh last but not least the scallops with grits - who knew grits could be that tasty!I definitely need to go back here.
5	Pork Belly = DELICIOUS. Scallops? I. Don't. Even. LIKE. Scallops, and these were A-M-A-Z-I-N-G. Fun and tasty cocktails.  Next time I'm in Phoenix, I WILL go back here. Highly recommend.
5	I would like to apologize to the restaurant and all the customers for the profanities I yelled out after my first bite of that pork belly pastrami. I couldn't control myself. It was beyond ridiculous. That was probably one of the best pieces of meat I've eaten in a long time.The rest of the meal was great as well. The field greens and the cheese plate were both delightful starters.The crab cakes were a little bit on the smaller side, definitely the lowlight of the meal.The lamb burger that my gf and I split was juicy, flavorful and well cooked. The fries were great. Thin flat slices of the potatoes, very different from the other fries I've had.Service was great. Our waiter seemed friendly and honest. Overall, it was a very nice meal in Scottsdale. 4 stars for the complete meal, but throwing an extra star on there for the pork belly, that was just awesome.
4	Fantastic experience from the moment we walked in the door. The atmosphere is modern and casual, staff are very accommodating, and the food is inspired. After dinner we ventured out back in the alley and upstairs to explore Citizen R&D - a hidden away cocktail bar you have to ask about inside CPH - quite an experience!
5	I stumbled onto this place thanks to Yelp!  My friend and I were enjoying ourselves at a beer festival down the street - and decided that we needed better food than the hot dogs they were serving there at the Venue.  So we strolled in, they had just opened, and we basically had the entire place to ourselves.  Since it was happy hour, we basically ordered one of everything.  No, we weren't sober.  But, yes, we were loving every bite.  The service was equally impressive, and I can't wait to go back for a full meal!
4	I think I'm in agreement with some of my fellow yelpers on this joint. I really like the ambiance of this place, but I was not too impressed with the food to be honest. We made reservations through Opentable which is a pretty cool and easy website where you can make reservations online and get confirmation. Anyhoo, we get there about 10 mins early and wait for our table, but things are running late. Luckily someone a table opened up fairly quick so it wasn't such a bad start afterall. We ordered some drinks and I really am partial to the moscow mule. I like how they add cucumbers which gives it a refreshing taste. Also, they call it the Arizona mule here. (interesting). As for food, we got the pork belly pastrami (de-constructed sandwich without the bread), mozzarella (starts with V i forgot the name), scallops, and banana bread pudding. I think the best was the scallop dish which came with kale and was seasoned just right. I would like to try other things to, so maybe it will change my mind about food.
4	We followed the recommendations of the waitress and got the chef specialties, pork belly pastrami, chopped salad, the duck and the scallops. The results, a wonderful meal. One of the bests I've had in the Phoenix area.
3	I had very high expectations with all the great yelp reviews so I was a bit disappointed.  Similar to another yelper i just was not super excited about anything on the menu and typically I love to try new things.  We started with crab cakes and salads.  Crab cakes we excellent, salads were basic, no anchovies for the Caesar salad.  For dinner one of us had duck, one had steak,  two chicken dinners and one barramundi. Everyone thought their meal was good but nothing special at all, very basic.  Most of the entrees came with risotto that was fairly oily and salty.  Server was great.
5	The food was sooooo good my party and i went speechless.  We tried the mac n cheese, pastrami, salad and chicken with waffles appetizers.  For the main course, i ate the scallops with grits.  I did get to try the meatloaf and both were excellent.  Get the  scallops medium rare.  It basically melts in your mouth.  Can't wait to go back and attack the menu again
3	I left a tip, but a further review is necessary. I have to start out by saying that I was skeptical about coming here. But my wife hyped it so much for the bacon-fat popcorn. I was excited that they had chicken and waffles(as being a huge fan, and eating at many chicken/waffle places, i.e. Roscos in LA, LoLo's, etc.) I must say, honestly... pathetic. the chicken was over fried, dry, burnt and thigh meat to top it off. The waffle was a tiny 3inch square, with not syrup, but honey. And rather bland as well. Upon stating my dis-satisfaction to my waitress, she offered me my choice of different food from the menu. I chose the AZ BLT, per her request. And, I was blown away. the bacon was orgasmic(for lack of better terms), it buckled my knees with its perfection of tenderness and semi salty flavor. As a man who loves crispy bacon(almost burnt), this was a dance of flavor that is matched by few. The combination of the fresh greens, campari tomato, carmelized french bread and aioli mayo made this "basic" classic dance on the tastebuds. Total redemption was achieved, and I would recomend this place to anyone. Also, having happy hour 7 days a week does'nt hurt either. good prices and drinks.
1	I picked this restaurant for an out-of-town dinner based on the Yelp reviews, and was very disappointed. I don't know if everyone else here just came on a better night with a different staff or what, but this was not the dining experience you all described. The food was just OK, not awesome or Earth-shattering. We had a variety of appetizer plates - mac n cheese, crab cakes, chicken & waffles - that were way overpriced and just average at best. We didn't get the pork belly because they wouldn't serve it without the sauerkraut - made from brussel sprouts!?! (seriously?) The server also raved about the drinks there and the "awesome mixologists" but the bar selection was tepid (no Sapphire, only Beefeater?) and they couldn't even make a mojito? I know that can be a  'specialty' drink in some areas but we saw plenty of them on other menus around Scottsdale. But the worst was the service and attitude of the staff; we were IGNORED all night. The server was affable and friendly but would disappear for long stretches of time. 20 minutes to get drinks, when the bar wasn't busy?? And our appetizers took almost twice that long to appear. He also forgot the bread, and didn't ask about another round of drinks until we were ready to leave! The place was a little busy but hardly packed (it was after 9pm), so we couldn't figure out what was going on.  It seemed like everyone working there was more concerned with enforcing the cool hipster vibe than actually doing any work. Except for the hostess - whose job apparently involved stomping through the restaurant periodically and angrily glaring at us like we were keeping her from something far more important. Seriously, we barely interacted with this woman (other than to ask for a table) and yet we were ducking the daggers shooting from her eyes all night. WTF was that all about? Look, any restaurant can have an off night; maybe they were short-handed in the kitchen or something. But to not acknowledge it all and generally avoid your patrons is not the tactic I would have run with.
3	This place was just 'eh' to me!  I was just whelmed, not over or under!  The service at the bar leaves little to be desired!  I am not sure what it is about Scottsdale restaurants thinking they have to be snobby to people.  We ordered drinks from an un-friendly bartender and then waited another 20 minutes to even be acknowledged again!  The food was ok!  The bf had the berrimundi which he liked but wasn't wild about the side it came with.  I had the meatloaf, which was good.  The gravy and mashed potatoes had a great creamy flavor.  My sister had the lamb burger with fries that were cold and not very tasteful.  There is not much on the wine list either.I probably would not come back here because I dont think it was worth the hour wait for the crappy service at the bar.  I would rather venture down the road to Olive and Ivy.
4	Stark white, steel bar, dark wood beams....modern and chic. The chopped salad is wonderful...i've never seen anything like it.  It was rows of different ingredients and tossed together in front of me.  Apparently, it has been imitated by a lot of other places, which I saw later in my trip.  This version was the best though...smoked salmon, sunflower seeds, large couscous, sweet corn, arugula, tomato, and the creamy basil dressing is better than everyone else's...i'm guessing the ingredients may vary depending on what is fresh and available.  The bar staff was friendly and made me feel comfortable dining by myself.  The drinks are phenomenal...I got the Citi-zen, which came with rock candy that I can stir until my desired sweetness is infused in my pear ginger martini.  I had a great weekend visiting wonderful places while in Arizona, and this is one of them!
4	Citizen Public House has excellent food and drinks.  We had the Pork Belly Pastrami, Mac & Cheese, "Smart Chicken" and Coffee and Donuts - all were delicious.  I would give the food 5-stars.The dining experience overall 4-stars.  We felt that the service was somewhat slow.  We had to wait quite a bit for our server to take our order.  I even noticed people who sat down after we did had bread & olive oil.  I had to ask out server for bread (even though it was complementary she didn't bring it).  If the staff was more attentive, I would have given 5-stars overall.
4	Love the atmosphere and decor.  I think this place would be pretty good for big groups.  The bar is nice and I love the drink menu.  I'd like to try each one, they sound so interesting.  I had the Persian this time around.  The chicken and waffles had good flavor.  Loved the seasoning on the chicken and it was cooked just about right.  There was one piece that had a bit of wet batter but for the most part it was well worth the 10.  4 large pieces of chicken on top of a smallish square of waffle.  It was actually way better than Lo-Los and probably about the same price!I tried some of the filet mignon, duck and scallop entrees.  Loved the combinations, especially the filet and the scallop - wasn't sure about the risotto that came with the duck.  The glazes for the filet and scallop was very good as well.All in all, the prices are kind've high but reasonable for the product and experience they bring.  I would love to come back to try the rest of the menu!
5	This place was just amazing. Came here on a whim while traveling for work and was surprised by every bit of the meal. The atmosphere was classy, let laid back. The bar area was well organized and clean and the bartenders super friendly. They refilled my drinks promptly and suggested options through my entire meal.I ended up with the pork belly pastrami which was just insanely good for too many reasons to write up. Simply put, just order it and experience it yourself. I've always loved chicken & waffles and decided to pull the trigger here at Citizen. The chicken was super moist and the batter was pretty light so it didn't taste or feel overly heavy. The only gripe was the size of the waffle, which was a bit too small for my taste.Lastly, the bread pudding made from doughnuts!?!!? You've got to be kidding me right?!! That just put me back a few weeks on my workouts by itself! That dish was just another one that you just have to order and experience on your own. So effin good!
5	Upon walking into Citizen's PH, we were greeted warmly by the hostess. Once seated, we were promptly approached by our server, Gib, who was personable and helpful in his suggestions from the menu. After enjoying our mouth watering app of Pork Bell Pastrami, melt in your mouth Filet and the best damn Chopped Salad with Salomon I've ever had, Gib escorted us to the very hip and chill Mixology Lounge, upstairs.I highly suggest enjoying 'dessert' AKA: cocktails, where an amazing Mixologist will perform his magic in whipping up a delectable spirit. We enjoyed sitting around the fireplace, enjoying our cocktails, and interacting with the Mixologist and his staff, who mingled with us.A rare find in top notch service, food and ambiance.
5	The duck was unbelievable! Customer Service and vibe equally as impressive!
4	I have been here a couple times now and it's definitely a place to check out.As so many yelpers have already mentioned, the chopped salad is delicious. Definitely something to try at Citizen. Also, the pastrami!!! Oh man, that was so melt in your mouth yummy! Smaller portion, probably not a meal for most but it was so good I would order it again. The lamb burger is a huge meal that comes with perfectly crispy scrumptious fries. The patty isn't cut down with beef or pork so the flavor is very game-y which can be a good thing if you are into that. I wasn't quite so used to it. :) I also tried a bit of my friend's Smart Chicken which was amazingly tender and juicy and perfectly seasoned! Also, really organic and fresh which I love. I tried the Citi-zen mixed drink which was very lemony and a bit on the sour side. I wasn't in love with the flavor. I did however love the rock candy that came with it. lol.The service was awesomeeeeee!!! We came in near closing but they still happily sat us instead of shooing us away. Our waiter was very attentive, answered all our questions about the menu and made some great suggestions. He also took us on a tour of the speak easy style bar upstairs which was super interesting! Apparently you go around the side of the building and there's a posting of "the rules". You call the number and if they have room you will be let up to this chic modern bar. All the mixologists make special drinks from their own liquors. Really cool!
5	This has to be one of my most favorite restaurants in Old Town. I bought a Groupon or Livingsocial or some deal to try it for the first time. Went with the bf on a Friday for a date night. We got there around 7 or so and the place was relatively empty - I was slightly nervous but I'd heard so many good things about this place, I knew it must've just been early. We started with two dirty martinis, more like filthy martinis - just how i like it. Then we ordered the Chicken and Waffles appetizer, so good. It was mouthwatering delicious, I probably could've eaten 5 more plates. Then we had the Chopped Salad. It's effing amazing. I dream of this salad - I mean it does have its own FB page. Writing this makes me want it in my belly this second. For dinner, the beau got the scallops and I got the short ribs. Everything was cooked to perfection. Oh don't forget to have a moscow mule while you're there too. By the time we left, the place was packed and I was so full I thought I needed a wheelchair. I'm sure I'll be back for that salad and to try just about everything else on the menu.
5	Returned as promised, tried some additional items and increased my rating.  Had the barrel aged Makers Mark cocktail which was excellent.  Snacked on the rosemary roasted nuts (beware they are sweet not savory) and the hummus plate.  Both were outstanding.
3	The atmosphere is definitely on the loud side.  The food was unique and tasty but, there wasn't a lot of dishes on the menu that interested me.  I wouldn't seek this place out but wouldn't be opposed if someone suggested it.  The service was wonderful.
5	This is my all time favorite place in Old Town.  Great food (try the chopped salad for something light, or the short ribs if you had a good workout recently), creative drinks with super friendly bartenders and overall a good vibe.  This is my go-to place for visitors or work events.  Highly highly recommend.
4	Great food, and legit old school cocktails.  Service was a bit spotty (busy night during restaurant week) so after another visit I will hopefully be upping that rating.
5	Service was great, food was awesome!  Yelp is right.  Definitely try the pork belly pastrami ($12) and the Citizen chopped salad ($12).  The pan-seared scallops were also winners ($24).The cask cocktails are also amazing. So smooth.  The Manhattan ($11) was amazing.  The flavors definitely mellowed in the cask and gave it a unique flavor as well.And don't miss the bread pudding!  Yum! $10 and worth every penny!Plus one of the only places in downtown Scottsdale that's open past 10pm.  Score!
5	great food & drinks.  service was very attentive & helpful with food allergy concerns as well.  BACON popcorn!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  I had the sangria & my hubby had Lost in Translation.  both tasty.  Hubby had chicken & waffles, I had chopped salad & we split a lamb burger.  No dessert this time, but we'll be back!
5	This was my second visit here and I loved the food again!This time I ordered the scallops entree and it was delcious. Since my hubby and his parents came with me for restaurant week, we could choose the scallops, meatloaf, or "smart chicken is cool" for our prix fix menu entrees. Upon my first visit here for a friend's birthday, I thought "Really? They actually named a dish "Smart Chicken is Cool"?" I tried it anyway inspite of the title, and I'm glad I did, because the chicken was tender and really tasty unexpectedly. What was even better was the risotto that came with the chicken with truffle oil. I melt for truffles/truffle oil infused food! The pork belly pastrami as promised did not disappoint! That disappeared very quickly among four people. Perhaps we should've ordered more?The Im-port mixed drink was very unique in flavor and almost sweet - reminiscent of a dessert port. I liked it better than the Sazerac, which was a little bit potent for my taste. Although I might've enjoyed it more if I didn't have the Im-port first.Our waiter was good and checked on us often, except when we wanted bread and he forgot to bring it to us. I'll let it slide though, because he was so good otherwise and brought us tons of other "yummy" food and drinks quickly after we placed the order and I applaud him for that on such a busy night (the end of restaurant week this past Sunday).
5	Everything we had there was excellent and reminded me of Austin: the pork belly pastrami, the beef short ribs, the smoked duck, my Arizona Mule cocktail. It is definitely a lively, noisy atmosphere, but it has a good crowd.
4	The only reason I'm giving four stars is because last time I was there, the bacon bread pudding was NOT on the dessert menu.  Srsly guys wtf?Otherwise everything is delish and the service is great.  Kale Caesar, homemade sausage, pork belly pastrami, BACON POPCORN (can't stress that enough)!!!!  And order a Moscow Mule if you haven't had one.  Yum.Go there now.
5	FANTASTIC HH. $5 oak barrel aged cocktails (negronis and manhattans are usuals)1/2 off ALL bar bites1/2 off beer1/2 off ALL glasses of wineDAILY 3-6I cannot believe I just discovered their HH. Service NEVER wavers here. I love it. I know exactly what to expect and yet everytime I leave I feel a renewed sense of appreciation for CPH and everything they do there. Service at the bar is great! Is it HH yet? !
5	Went here twice in 2 days during a trip to Scottsdale.  This was back in late May.  It's just that good.  Everything was delicious but what I loved most was there smashed potatoes. Just unreal.  Highly recommend to anyone looking for an outstanding meal and experience.
4	Outstanding food, creative cocktails and bar snacks, great beer selection.  Decor is nice and the service is friendly.  What's not to like?
5	Food done right with service that brings the menu to life.  The duck was  WTF good and the pig belly bacon was as rich as the decour.  If u like cocktails that mean something then the mixology at this place will make you happy, we will be going back!
2	Wow I'm surprised to see such great reviews for this place! I was left very unimpressed. I ordered the duck, it was greasy and simply did not have a good taste. I have always loved eating duck but this was very disappointing. The service was mediocre as well. Maybe we just had an off day here tho.... I would not return here.
5	Great food, creative drinks, good service.  Kale Caesar is awesome, meatloaf is awesome, plus ask about R&D while there...its the secret bar upstairs, insanely cool stuff. Will come back for more.
5	Great experience at Citizen PH...highly recommend the food and ambience trust me well worth the price!!
5	Best Moscow Mule I've had in a long while.Have been here a few times now, and it never disappoints. Everyone knows the drinks are fantastic - I doubt you'll find better mixed drinks anywhere in Scottsdale except for upstairs at R+D. What surprised me was the food. The mixed salad (the one with its own Facebook page) was great. Awesome mix of things, with just enough meat to give it substance. The hummus was well prepared with tasty pita wedges.For the main course, the coffee-crusted short ribs are can't miss. It comes with a tart cherry sauce that sets the whole thing off.The scallops were amazing as well, perfectly cooked which can be hard to find.After dinner we went up to Citizen R+D where the drinks are on a whole other level.
5	One of the best meals I've ever had! Great atmosphere, very knowledgable and friendly staff, and dinner with a bottle of wine for about $65. Do NOT pass up this spot!
5	You'll come to CPH for the cocktails.....you'll stay for the food!Citizen's Public House is my go-to destination for craft cocktails in the Valley. These guys mix all the standards exceedingly well, but take it to a new level with their barrel-aged concoctions. I often order a Sazerac (being a home-sick New Orleanian) and these guys make the best one you can find outside of New Orleans. The Happy Hour is a scorching hot deal, half price beer, wines and bar snacks (and they always have a great selection of all 3!). The food is pretty amazing too....the pork belly pastrami is phenomenal. The chopped salad is iconic (has it's own facebook page?!) My favorite entrees are the scallops, Amaro meatloaf and Lamb Burger, but I've never had a bad dish here. Ever (and I work 2 blocks away and come here at least 1-2 times a month).
2	Meh.If anyone asked me what I thought of Citizen Public House in Old Town Scottsdale, that would be my reaction.The ambiance was meh. The food was meh. And the sangria was meh.In fact, the highlight of my meal was when one of the cute bartenders (at least they have that going for them) delivered our drinks instead of our server.The interior is bare bones and plain. The white walls are covered with a smattering of vintage photographs you'd have to squint to see-from a table not by a wall, the atmosphere isn't artsy, it just looks like bad decorating in someone's living room. I didn't really understand why butcher paper covered the white tablecloth-covered tables, since that sort of took whatever class the spot had and negated it. The seating wasn't comfy, and even though there was a patio, it was tiny and overlooked a parking lot.There weren't many vegetarian menu options on the small American menu, so I opted for a Grilled Cheese ($12). My gut told me to leave off the Peruvian Sweety relish, a weird red mixture, but I kept it on because I figured it had to contribute to the sandwich somehow. I was wrong. It tasted gross, and I ended up scraping it all off and wishing remnants weren't still stuck to the sandwich. I got it with a non-noteworthy salad, and I've had much, much better artisan grilled cheeses that were less expensive and more filling.My friend said she liked her chopped salad, the same one I've had at Cowboy Ciao (it's a creation of Citizen Public House chef/owner Bernie Kantak, who used to cook at Cowboy Ciao.) I also liked it there, but it's so tiny, I can't justify paying $12 for it-especially since I'd leave the meat off.Like I said, the sangria failed to leave a big impression on me, other than that it wasn't strong. For $9 a glass, I expected something with a little more kick to it but was left disappointed.I can't think of any reason I'd tell someone to go to Citizen Public House. If the atmosphere had been a little prettier or livelier, maybe it'd be a fun destination, but the company I had was the only thing that kept it from boring me.
5	Everything that we ate here was delicious. I started off with the the pork belly pastrami and it was delicious. For the main meal i got was the lamb burger and it was insanely good. Never had a burger like that. It was gamey but tender. For dessert i got the bread pudding. I licked the plate clean. Everything at the restaurant is great. I would recommend this place to all.
4	Citizen Public House of course! Long known among locals for it's great blend of ambiance, great drinks and adventurous appetizers it's no wonder this was on our list of places to recommend.Happy Hour has some unusual items on the menu, this is when I should warn you that your typical menu. Many of the appetizers come served in bell jars and are meant to be shared and explored. Looking for more standard fare, don't worry, all the regular appetizers are  1/2 off during Happy Hour as well and you can still find some signature items here to try also.May we suggest the Tender Belly Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn? Once again remember that all regular appetizers are half off during Happy Hour. Dig yourself some comfort food? How about Chicken and Waffles? Buttermilk-marinated fried chicken on oat waffles covered in almond butter and blue clover honey. Another must try item on the menu is the Kiltlifter Fondue. It is served with bread, sausage and apple slices for dipping with those cute little forks. Yeah what's not to love about a great fondue?Read the entire review here... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=652
1	Probably the worst service I have ever had.  The bacon popcorn was good, but that was about it.  Took forever to get drinks, the orders were screwed up and the staff just came up with excuses why they could not bring out drinks within 20 minutes of ordering.  There are lots of choices in Old Town, don't go here.
5	Been dying to come here ever since I saw this place on Unique Eats. Very laid back gastropub with a friendly, funny/entertaining staff!  We grabbed drinks at the bar first - Moe'scow Mule (ginger beer, cucumber, lime, rocks) & the Persian (Absolut Wild Tea vodka, St. Germain elderflower liqueur, sweet & sour, Persian cucumber juice, lemon peel, rocks) which were both good, not too strong, but a good refreshing drink.Appetizers:1) Pork Belly Pastrami (rye spaetzle, Brussels sprout sauerkraut)2) The Original Chopped SaladPlease order both. They were both delicious! I was in love with the salad especially.Entrees:1) Lamb Burger (Serbian lepinja roll, pickled cucumber-onion, tzatziki, Kennebec French fries & house made ketchup) I tend to be very picky about my lamb... Actually I'm not reallly a fan of it/the particular taste and smell lamb has. Why I ordered this, I don't know, but I can tell you that I liked it. The taste/odor of lamb wasn't overwhelming and it was juicy.2) Pan Seared Scallops (Hampshire bacon, roasted corn grits, wilted snow pea greens & Red Rock cola gastrique)3) Amaro Meatloaf (Montenegro Amaro Italian liqueur, pork, beef, parsnip meatloaf, smashed Yukon gold potatoes, roasted zucchini, veal demi-glace): the server described it as very meaty and meaty it was! Usually meatloaf is fluffed up with a lot of bread crumbs, but this one was mainly just meat. The mashed potatoes were very good as well.
5	The food was great. Duck, meatloaf, filet mignon and the fish of today were excellent prepared. A relief after all these snacks and fast food chains in the US.
2	We made a reservation, were there five minutes early and seated 20 minutes late. The service was slow and the waitress preoccupied. She told us the special and then turned around to chat with coworkers and then didnt come back for ten minutes when we were ready to order hen she gave us the special. The place was really loud we couldnt carry a convo. Across the table and the food was mediocre. We went on a saturday night so maybe they just dont do well when they are busy; lets just say we expected a lot more for the cash we had to drop on thismeal.
1	Avoid this place if you can!  VERY NOISEY . The Food is at best fair. Ours came out less than hot and very over cooked. The service was friendly but but not really good.It is hard to carry a conversation due to the noise created by having the bar in the middle of the restaurant.Over priced .
5	After a day at the Grand Canyon, we arrived late & not at our prettiest with kids in tow. Fondue excellent as was chicken & waffles. Prices very reasonable and portions surprisingly generous. Delicious!
5	Came here while visiting family in Scottsdale and our experience was superb. Everything we ordered was fantastic and the service was outstanding (I think our server's name was Clark, he was so dedicated and enthusiastic.) Clark even brought us a salad for us to try on the house which was also delightful. All six of us ordered different entrees and not one was displeased with their choice. I ordered the scallops, which were delicious, and went perfectly with the bottles of white wine. We all felt very welcome here and I certainly wouldn't mind stopping in on my next trip to Scottsdale.
5	Wow!  Their cocktail list blew me away.  So rare to find a place with a well rounded list of old school cocktails!  Each one is like a pice of art crafted to make you smile.  After the aperitif this place keeps me happy with outstanding food.  Bacon Popcorn: Delish.  Olives: Excellent to nibble with cocktails.  Mac & Cheeze: American standard done well here.  Chicken and Waffles: Gluten free and tasty.  Short Ribs: Big portion and well prepared.  Scallops: A savory take on this normally light dish.  Pudding Dessert: Hit the spot.  Best meal I've had in a long time!
5	Absolutely amazing food with great drinks and service.
5	My favorite restaraunt in Scottsdale. The lamb burger, pastrami and chopped salad were delicious. Great selection of drinks but the real find is the bar upstairs. I'd suggest to go here for dinner and then drinks upstairs. This is a great place for a date or to celebrate a special occasion with friends.
4	I was taken here by my wonderful girlfriend for my birthday celebration and cocktails not too long ago. Our server was fantastic, the food delightful and our server was terrific.The selection is all done very well as are the cocktails and wine selection. The fact that they have a late night bistro menu is always a big plus to me as I enjoy a little finer dining and eating on my weekend evenings as opposed to swilling back metric tons of bud light to get my kicks.GO, and enjoy one of Scottsdale's higher tier restaurants for the casual diner.
1	Don't even want to waste my time, but I figured I should write it down to warn other people.Went with half a dozen other people. The main character in this review is our waiter, Brian.SO many things to talk about, I don't know where to begin. It took us a very long time to get seated despite it NOT being full. I ordered the bacon sandwich which came out to $13 bucks (it actually wasn't that bad, but really small). Everybody else got the lamb burger since it was highly recommended. Even though 90% of the people got lamb burgers cooked at differently, he still managed to mix it up.So we had to take over and swap our dishes. The verdict among my peers was the lamb burger was horrid.Finally we were going to pay and get out of there. We split up the check, to make it easier we wrote it down on paper with everyone's dishes and names (only two people paid with credit, rest was cash). Of course Brian mixes it up and charges me for a lamb burger when I got the bacon sandwich.WHEW, it is finally over. Well that is what I thought.I go home and check my credit card, and Brian decided to charge me $23.00. My bill said it was pending so I did not do anything. Until today, it said $48 and the bill stated complete. WHAT in the world! How did my bill go from $13 to $48?!?!I called the restaurant, I was put on hold, and transferred to the Manager. The Manager told me he couldn't find the record and I would need to come back with the check + bill statement. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? This damn place is 30 minutes away from me. But then he corrected himself and after reading him two random numbers on the receipt he was convinced and said the error will be corrected.Don't come here, so many better places near by. I would give this place zero stars if I could. I want to give people who gave this place anything more than 2 stars a zero star if possible.Way to waste my time and money.
5	Love this place. The atmosphere is cool but the staff and food are what makes it. We now got to CPH every time we are in town. We sit at the bar and watch Thomas do his magic. Damn he makes good cocktails. He is very creative. We have had the truffle popcorn with pork belly, e fondue is to die for but the best thing we had was the watermelon salad with grilled halloumi, mint, evoo, and a Japanese green. It was refreshing on a summer day. People watching is pretty good too. Apparent, they have a speakeasy bar upstairs, next time.
5	I've been looking forward to eating here for months after hearing such raving reviews from my friends and family and I have to admit, they were absolutely right.. this place is amazing!I came here with friends to celebrate a recent engagement and when our waiter asked what brought us in tonight I had mentioned the special occasion, and without even asking he had sent over four glasses of champagne to toast the occasion. Kudos CPH. I had a chance to enjoy the short ribs braised in a red wine sauce and my taste buds instantly became my taste BFF's, wow this dish is incredible and if you don't order this you're outa your dang mind.. enough said. I cant recall exactly what my friends had ordered because we all know what really matters is what is in front of your face. All I know is they all had the same great experience I had as well.  Thank you Citizens, you did not disappoint!
5	I couldn't find the location or where to place this but a small group of foodies and booze hounds just checked out the speak easy called R and D.  Maybe its not the best place to put something this good online but if you have a chance to check out the hush hush fight club type drinking lounge with 10 rules outside of Citizen Public, I highly advise.  It is simply MIND BLOWING!!!  We had an amazing time tasting all the concoctions and if you're looking for something amazing Blood and Sand and The Monk.  The mixologists (dare to call them Bartenders haha) explained history and components of each of the drinks which was great and also gave some reccomendations based on the palate of the group.  Tony was also super attentive and made sure that not only our group but everyone present was well taken care of.  Outstanding service, amazing drinks and if I had to suggest something semi-laser pointer mind shattering AWESOME try the key lime pie desert.  Balanced and great clean up for a potent cocktail.
4	I came here once for lunch and was very pleased.  With all the great reviews on the chopped salad I new I had to try it.  It was the BEST chopped salad I've ever had!  It had the feel of an upscale pub, with upscale prices.  I would definitely come back for the salad.
4	Everything's sexier with pork belly.  Expecially my belly when it's full of it.  Went here for a happy hour and was cursing myself for taking so damn long to visit the place.  The vibe is perfectly sexy and dimly lit - the kind of place where you can sip lethally addictive cocktails and order dishes that make you feel dirty for eating them, they're so good.  And then you order seconds and then dessert because you've been so bad already, you might as well go for broke.  The pork belly pastrami with brussel sprouts in whole grain mustard made me curse my ill fortune for not being able to eat it at every waking moment.  Unctuous, tender belly - get in my belly.   The heirloom tomato with burrata special was clean in presentation and a celebration of all that is glorious in the summertime, and the sausage and cheese plate was gobbled up so quickly I had to do a doubletake.  Dessert was heaven in an itty-bitty crock with the Black and Tan Pudding - a dark chocolate pot de creme with salted caramel pudding?  So I'm naming my firstborn Citizen Public House now?Adore.
4	I have had nothing but great experiences at Citizen Public House. While I'll start off by saying that I know some of the items can be a bit overpriced, or possibly a lot overpriced, I'm taking into account the expensive Scottsdale location, and expensive real estate and booze licenses, so I will largely overlook it. Everything I've put into my mouth from here has been phenomenal, but I'll only really point you to one item, the meatloaf, it is unbelievable. I will judge every other meatloaf I ever meet against the CPH meatloaf. They also have inventive drinks, they even got me to enjoy gin, and I hate gin. The interior is nice, hip/modern, with an open feel and a nice bar as the centerpiece. I can't say that I'll be a regular here anytime soon, it's a bit of a drive from my house and there are other places that are basically as good but cheaper, but you can count on seeing me here from time to time, smile on my face and meatloaf in my mouth.
5	awesome dinner here for my friends birthday!!  the bartender kris was great and showed off his mixing skills and flaming shots (delish) our server gibb was a blast, super fun and knew a ton about the menu so he didn't steer us wrong in what we ordered.  love the mac n cheese, chop salad, scallops and the short ribs...just the right amount of food for 3 of us to share.  can't wait to come back and we'll be sure to spread the word :)
4	Amazing food. Just worth it. A little expensive then expected, but it was worth every penny.
5	Salad, chicken and waffels, and the lamb burger.  So good.
4	I went to this highly recommeded restaurant for my birthday dinner. I was looking for great food, service and a cool vibe. Well, I found it! From the moment we were greeted by the pleasant hostess our experience was nothing but professional and welcomming. The place was moderately busy on a Thursday night, service staff bustling around, but not "panic mode." Our server (Gary?)was very knowledgable of all the menu items and the wine list. We were told by him as well as friends that we had to get the pork belly pastami app, it was the best thing we had! The crab cakes were good, not the best I ever had, but I would get them again. The short rib entree was outstanding. Perfect balance of savory, salty, sweet, sour etc. Gary even split the dish for us even though we didn't ask for that, he over heard us saying we were going to share, very nice touch. We passed on dessert, since i had a special one waiting at home for me. Gary still brought me a tiny box of truffles to enjoy later and knowledged my birthday, with out a big fanfare (which is what i prefer) We didn't have any cocktails, since I was having a champagne kinda night, but I know Richie Moe makes some of the best cocktails in town.We will be definately be back soon and I have already told many people of our experience. Thanks to gary and the rest of the staff for a memorable b-day dinner :)
5	The service, cocktails, and food are THE best in Old Town.
4	Had eaten a ton while visiting but still wanted to try this place.  I'm not a huge pork belly fan so I couldn't quite enjoy the fattiness but I can see this being very delectable to those who do.  The sauerkraut is a nice touch.Apparently the original chopped salad has its own Facebook page, which is fun and kind of annoying because I hate having to go to Facebook for everything nowadays.  Fortunately the waiter explained what was in it, which included things like smoked salmon, sunflower seeds and raisins.  I'm normally not a fan of smoked salmon or raisins (no, I don't hate everything, I swear) but it worked out well in this salad.Shared the filet mignon with my wife as an entree.  Absolutely delicious.We got the Moe'scow Mule and a Sazerac as drinks.  Both were made well.
5	The chopped salad and pork belly pastrami blew my damn mind. Great staff, great food and reasonable prices make this my favorite spot in old town.
4	It was Restaurant Week, so we save a few bucks.  The meatloaf was great, my wife had the scallops, and seemed to love them.  Drinks a bit pricey, but when your meal is about half what it should have been.....Chopped Salad..yeah, its as good as everyone says...but get this, you can remove the salmon, and add a different meat.  If you ask.Ask your server about R&D.
5	Best chicken and waffles around.
5	I was in town on business and came here off of a recommendation. Was not disappointed! I went with the filet mignon and it was perfect. Great ambiance, awesome food, and a knowledgeable bartender. What more could you ask for?
5	Another student schooled on the Yelp Eats menu, here to report that CPH made the grade. I got on the short bus and started the ride with a Hemingway Daiquiri (I thought it sounded studious, it certainly tasted smart) and some bacon popcorn--no surprises here, but hey, it's bacon right? The bell rang and first period began with pita, hummus and tzatziki.From there I got seriously edu-ma-cated on cuisine 101. Second period brought the chopped salad, it was everything it was chopped up to be, a fantastic formula of texture and style that managed to balance salmon, cous cous and freaking trail mix, which is an equation I'll never unravel. On to third period, a study break with the Lost in Translation cocktail, an immensely lush melding of tequila, yuzu juice and lemon peel. Fourth period delivered scallops on roasted corn grits with--you guessed it--more bacon! I'll just say this about the scallops: the best I've ever had in the waterless West. Oh, and I couldn't remember all the answers so when the teacher wasn't looking I had a bite of Aimee's Amaro meatloaf, which made me so fat it almost got me expelled. I seriously considered skipping fifth period. There wasn't any room left to cram. But when the bread pudding and fudge brownie walked up to the chalkboard, all of a sudden I was hungry for more learnin', which was miraculous because I now know that "bagel crisp streusel" isn't just food, it's a straight-up philosophy.This is your brain on bacon, butter and bagel. You'll be cooked.
3	Abridged: Chopped Salad. Superb drinks. Sparse decor.Unabridged: I was excited for the chance to finally hit Citizen Public House. I know I know. But if you want to up my chances of going anywhere in Scottsdale, make them available during lunch hours. At first glance I was only somewhat impressed. The decor and feel was very empty and sparse. Almost as if it had no vibe, but I'd heard great things about the food and beverage selection, and the hostess gave me props on my Pliny the Elder shirt (hopefully she wasn't making fun of me), so I was anxious to see what else was in store.It was a Saturday night around 7, and apparently the place was booked until 9, though it looked really empty, and we were promised it would liven up soon as we sat at the bar.The bacon fat popcorn quickly started to make up for the concerns I had. The whiskey concoction I had started to as well, until I realized they did have 12 and 18 year Jameson reserve but told me they didn't when I asked if my drink could be made with that.The recommendation to have the Chopped Salad pretty much was the most amazing thing ever. It changed my life. It is my quest now to recreate this masterpiece in my home. I cried when I finished. I didn't want it to end, and I typically don't even like arugula!!So the day wasn't a bust and I definitely will head back again. The company I surround myself with makes up for sparse decor and now I know better than to believe they don't have Jameson reserve.  Maybe it was my fault for dressing in bright colors and my weird style. I was also the only redhead :)
5	One of the best restaurants in the valley hands down. The service was great. Food was delicious. Go try. You won't be disappointed. I'm a food snob too. :)
5	Great place for a date, great food and atmosphere.  A little pricey but the food is worth it.
1	Wow. We must have went on a bad day or something. Burnt popcorn, tasteless food in super super tiny portions.Majorly bummed on this place. We drove 40 miles to try it. Waste of gas. Guess thats what we get for going on a weekday afternoon.We did like our server though.
5	Two things stand out:1) Chopped salad. (I'm told it has its own Facebook page and a man doesn't just toss that salad aside.) It was celebrity-worthy.2) Pregnant lady drink. That's not the name of it, but I happened to be dining with two expecting mothers in my group. As the only other non-drinker, I was happy to sip water. However, when these ladies got their fruited drinks and saw my simple H20 they took it upon themselves to ensure I joined the fruited party. They order the "pregnant lady drink" for me. Seeing the opportunity, the restaurant did it up right and packed more fruit and garnish in that drink than in most grocer's produce section. Well played.I lied--the meatloaf also stood out, the scallops were outstanding, and I had a steak. I rarely order a stake, but when I do I order it rare. So tender. So simple, but with a nice, rich sauce to accompany the beef.Honestly, the evening is a blur. The server handled our big, rowdy crowd with aplomb and grace and deserves a huge pat on the back for the effort. They showed us a tremendous time. The space is gorgeous, happy, and legitimately serving up some fantastic dishes.
5	Dining here with a large group was a trip. Eating in groups larger than 8 can get interesting, but the peeps at CPH were on their "A" game from start to finish. Service was seamless and so was the food.The Chopped Salad alone was a 5-star experience. WOW! It's been a long time since a salad has left me in a state of "awe." This is no exaggeration my friends. Israeli Cous Cous, roasted corn, tomato, pepitas, smoked salmon, arugula and currants with a wildly delicious buttermilk pesto dressing. This salad certainly does have it's own Facebook page, and I LIKED it! The salad is dressed and tossed table-side. It was love at first bite and I can't wait for my next visit to PHX to fall in love all over again.Next, that bacon popcorn was delectable. Not really sure what makes popcorn "heirloom" popcorn, but that bacon fat and bacon lardons mixed in were perfection. This wasn't the first time I've eaten bacon popcorn, but it was the first time I didn't find it overly greasy. U-10 scallops were my choice for dinner and they were seared to perfection. I'm not a fan of lot's of sauce and reductions on my seafood, so the dish was little on the rich side for my taste, but I think this would be winner in most people's books. By the time dessert came around I wasn't quite sure I could take another bite of food I was so full! By this point I was entering my food coma and this part of the evening is pretty much a fuzzy. I'll definitely be back to CPH. Food and service were excellent and they really made sure our group had a wonderful time.
5	Everything is delicious! The chopped salad has so much flavor you will find yourself craving it. We went to eat here twice in a three night stay in Scottsdale. The drinks are wonderful. My husband tried a variety of them and enjoyed each one. I loved the wine offerings. The grits are outstanding and so are the creamy parsnips. We will definitely be back on our next visit to Scottsdale.
5	If I lived in Scottsdale I'd probably be broke in a short amount of time because I'd be spending all my money buying cocktails at Citizen Public House. Drinks like The Persian (Absolut Wild Tea vodka, St. Germain elderflower liqueur, housemade sweet & sour, Persian cucumber juice, lemon peel, served on the rocks) or the Citi-Zen (Absolut Pear vodka, Domaine de Canton ginger liqueur, housemade sweet & sour, rock candy, lemon twist, served up.) Or I might find myself slipping in through the back door to head to the upstairs speakeasy, buying a tableside gin and tonic and laughing my best mad scientist laugh while doing so.Or I might just have to eat the Chopped Salad every.single.day of the rest of my life.Or I might live on Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn alone.All I know is that it's a good thing I don't happen to live in Scottsdale...
5	Would it be rude or pretentious of me to admit that I wouldn't find great food and cocktails in Scottsdale? Well, mea culpa. I honestly didn't expect much out of this city when it comes to comestibles. But Citizen Public House surprised me on all levels. The cocktails here are crazy good. They even have a little 'speakeasy'-ish mixology lab upstairs that's all secret and only accessible by... wait... can I tell? Anyway, these folks are making some interesting drinks with house-made infusions, tinctures, and various chemistry equipment. Better than the best drinks in PDX? I don't know about that, but impressive all the same. The food is a very big surprise for me. The chop chop salad is, from what I understand, legendary, and from tasting it I am not surprised. I also sampled some tasty meatloaf and delicious scallops. The fact that I can't recall the dessert doesn't mean it wasn't memorable, I think it had to do with my focus on the drinks and mains. I recall everyone at the table enjoying them. Service? Impeccable. 'Nuff said. Consider me a little humbled.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my first visit here. The food was ok, but the drinks made the night and so did our personable and skilled bartender who did an awesome job in serving, teaching, and entertaining us while our party of 3 sat at the bar waiting for our table.  DRINKS:-I ordered the Persian-My friend ordered the  Citi-zen-Her friend ordered the Moscow Mule, which by the way came served to her in a copper mug and a pickle:  the LEGIT WAY to serve any Moscow Mule (shout out to our bartender who informed us of this interesting fact).  My friend's drink was served to her in a martini glass. However, she asked our bartender to pour her drink into an old fashioned glass since she was a klutz when it came to drinking from martini glasses. He willingly obliged but also joked around with the rest of us and asked what drinks we wanted AND what glassware we preferred our drinks in lmao. Needless to say he made our drinks really well and really strong: our drinks were the perfect combination of preserving the integrity of the various flavors while packing a strong punch.  When our table was called we sadly parted ways and what's worse, I completely forgot to ask his name -_-The rest of my experience here was ok. We were seated in the little room off of the main dining room. I would've preferred to eat at the bar then eat in this small area because it felt closed off from the rest of the restaurant.  FOOD:-I ordered the grilled halloumi cheese sandwich-my friend ordered the kale salad-her friend ordered the "original chopped salad' which apparently has its own Facebook page (click on the FB link located in the online menu on Citizen Public's website). My grilled halloumi cheese sandwich was definitely a frou frou version of the classic dish, it was good but it was a bit disappointing only because I didn't know  this type of cheese doesn't melt and I was totally in the mood for some cheesy cheesiness. My least favorite part of my dish was the bread, it was just too thick tough to chew. My friend's kale salad was a complete bust. The kale was completely raw which was ok expect it was hardly dressed so alot of the bitterness was still there. It was also hardly chopped so there were large pieces of raw and bitter kale to eat. The "original chopped salad; was the best dish out of everyone's. Each ingredient used is arranged in neat rows and presented to you on a plate.  The server then pours the dressing to your liking and proceeds to mix all the colorful ingredients and then serves it to you. I'd definitely come back just to sit at the bar and try some more of their interesting cocktails; chit chat with the super awesome bartender who assisted us during my 1st visit here; and possibly try another food dish or stick to the chopped salad.
4	We had diner in a private room which is pretty cool, and well, private (duh). It has it's own bar and it's a great spot for parties or I guess for a romantic date (there're no cameras, I believe, lol).The food was good, like in between of good and really good (not outstanding, though). The service was great and friendly, but I guess this is irrelevant when it comes to a private room, I mean, if you get bad service there, the place just sucks!We tried several dishes and i can't remember anyone that I didn't like.The salad with steak was tasteful, the fondue was really good as well as the mac&cheese, maybe one of the best mac&cheese that I've eaten recently. The pork belly was good too.Short rib, steal head and filet were solid but not memorable. The filet was a little hard, if you ask my opinion but it was cooked right, which is hard to find in AZ.The apple pie was also pretty good and a normal serving, not the typical "feed 10" disgusting kind of desert. Great place for parties, dates or just friends dinner. It worth the try.
4	The Dream Jar for dessert! Amazing. Rich. Not too much so I left feeling full, not sick-full.All the food was great but we only got to sample the starters: Chopped Salad was my favorite, Chicken and Waffles a close second.Service was ideal: friendly, attentive (and "invisible" for the most part).My husband and I look forward to another Date Night here. Next time, we'll just order Entrees.
4	the salad was amazinggggg.... it's like a party in my mouth :)
5	While the baby in my stomach has been extremely well fed over the past 9 months, I think the meal I had at Citizen Public House was one of my best I've had in a long time. Considering the source (yours truly) has 2080+ reviews you can betcha this meal was pretty incredible.My large party of 15 or so people was waited on by the oh so fabulous Gary, who did his best to provide serious VIP treatment. Gary started the meal by bringing out the popcorn bacon appetizer...can't go wrong with that combo! From there I had the chopped salad, which I've been dreaming about ever since. I opted for mine with chicken instead of smoked salmon (looking out for the little guy). It's the best salad I've ever had and I bet it's even better with salmon.I ordered scallops for my main entree and they were delish, but I was too full to eat more than 1 (it comes with 30). Somehow I made room for a few bites of the variety of heavenly desserts Gary brought out to our table to end our oh so fabulous meal.Guess where I'll be eating during my next trip to Scottsdale? Yep, Citizen House...and hopefully by then I'll be able to indulge in those cocktails everyone is yelping about!
5	After multiple visits I can't complain. Food is always delicious. Servers are always personable, well informed and attentive. Take your friends. Take your family. From drinks to dessert everyone will be happy.
3	Nothing better than a restaurant that opens up to Arizona's beautiful fall weather.  Wish I'd had time to hang out on the couch out front after dinner. The hummus platter appetizer was definitely better than any I've had.  The homemade pickles on the platter and on my lamb burger were delicious--remind me of my grandma's in Iowa!   I would have given them 4 stars, but after filling up on the flatbread and hummus, I ate less than half my dinner and had them box up the leftovers. Should have been a red flag when the gal took multiple plates back to the kitchen. What a bummer to open my box this morning hoping to see lamb burger and fries and see somebody else's leftovers. Not only am I mad, but whoever got mine will be disappointed too. One mistake--two unhappy customers! I suggest they bring the boxes to the table or have the staff label them.
4	The duck was fantastic. The chicken & waffles, and the pork-belly pastrami were also both excellent. The beer selection was a bit thin, but made do. Pretty good overall, though it was difficult to hear in the establishment as the acoustics are pretty terrible.
3	the volume of noise was just too much. what I had was good but not that good that I would go again.
5	This place is a legit 5 star place.  Lots of beautiful people.  I never realized the beautiful people of Arizona hang out in Scottsdale.  Chopped salad, pork belly pastrami, short ribs, scallops, dream jar, coffee, and the wife's sangria.  All well prepared, with quality ingredients, presented artfully and timely.  Frickn Scottsdale, had no idea, my boy TR3 would love this town, lotsa tall white people.
5	Came here with a couple classmates to celebrate our last day of pharmacy school with some drinks and boy! The drinks were OMG GOOODD! If I'm ever back in the area, I'd probably just come back for the drinks :) and the server was super sweet and brought us each a glass of champagne with no charge.
5	First off, I really enjoyed the atmosphere here.  The chef knows what he is doing.  He takes an already buttery delicious treat like popcorn and adds bacon to it, awesome.  For a main course I had the duck, medium rare, and it was cooked perfectly with the skin crispy and the inside a nice pink.  The only bad thing for me was it was a bit salty but still amazingly good.
3	Oh I hate having to write a review like this, I want to rate it FIVE stars all the way, but I can't. The customer service is up there as the best I can imagine ever experiencing, honestly they set the example for treating their customer perfectly.  The reason why I wasn't happy was the food was not very impressive.  The chicken and waffle app was good, but not that great, also the chicken was raw in two of the chicken strips.  I have to mention our waitress did a great job making sure to apologize and take the charge off the bill because it wasn't edible.  I ordered the meatloaf, my older sis ordered the lamb burger and my younger sis ordered the truffle grilled cheese.  We are the kind that share tastes so we all get a chance to try a few things.  I ended up trading my meal with my older sis because she liked the meatloaf a lot. So she likes meatloaf different than I do I guess, but what I didn't like was the gravy, it wasn't that good.  I liked the lamb burger more, but the meat wasn't seasoned well, it couldn't get a salt hint from it at all, but the topping helped to add flavor, and it was good overall.  The fries were good, but I feel like if In-N-out or five guys makes better fries, they aren't impressing me much... The ketchup was soooo good though, I am not a ketchup eater much (I mix it with mayo for a Utah style fry sauce), but this spiced one was very yummy.  The truffle grilled cheese was again, good, but not great, it also lacked seasoning or any wow factor.  Last the dessert, the apple pie was very good, not the best I have had, but solid apple pie.  The dream pudding cup was not good, it was very griddy, like very very griddy.  I really didn't expect to feel this way, maybe the high expectations set me up for a let down, but really I was just let down...
3	Ok.  Not great for what is supposedly a good steak joint.  Not much ambiance and food was good not great.
5	Fancy pants meets working class watering hole.  I've visited this spot a few times via friend recommendation on the food.  Pork belly is amazing, shrimp pasta is surprisingly creamy and flavored with garlic and deliciousness.  Mussels are to die for!  What really got me about CPH is the gathering of every day people just wanting to enjoy a drink.  If you're in the service industry this bar will be a second home for you!  In spite of it's romantic feel, candle lit tables and linen tablecloths; you will feel right at home with the friendliest bartenders in Old Town.  Not pretentious but could be if it wanted to.
5	The Original Chopped Salad is stupid good.  Seriously.I almost laughed when I saw the salad has it's own Facebook page.  After I ate it, I knew why.  And I "liked" the page, lol.My friends and I loved everything we had, and be warned - the cocktails are potent!  I had the salad as my meal (and shared two desserts with my 4 friends), and was comfortable (not too full, but not hungry still).  If you're a big eater, you might want to order something else along with the salad.But order the damn salad.
5	7 Santas walk into a bar on a chilly Scottsdale evening...  It was post-Santarchy (our yearly Santa pub crawl).  We were tired, hungry and needed a little unwinding before shedding our Santa gear.  It's a pretty upscale place and I worried we'd be out of place in our Christmas cheer but they were extremely friendly and showed us to a table immediately.  The late night menu was fairly small but incredibly diverse.  Biscuits and gravy, porridge with fruit, nuts and pork, flatbread with hummus and tatziki...  The food was delicious.  So much so that we stole a "regular" dinner menu from a nearby table to check it out.  Looks like a winner.  It was a great place to relax and recover from a raucous evening.  We will be back soon during regular dinner hours.
5	AMAZING!I've never had a bad experience here. This is my absolute favorite place in Old Town. Chopped salad is amazing! My favs are the scallops and the chopped salad. The bartenders are nothing short of superb so order a crazy drink, it's bound to be good!
5	This place is fantastic.In town for the weekend, and tired and criminally under-dressed in a hoodie and jeans, came here after not finding much else that tripped our trigger in the downtown area. Boy, what a surprise!Classy inside, with the New York-like black and white interior, with lots of sleek lines and glossy surfaces, we were welcomed immediately and led to a table where our server showed up attentively, but long enough for us to get settled in. It's a talent I wish more servers had.Ordered cocktails, which we enjoyed, but the real shining star was the food which was outstanding. Let me recount:Bacon Heirloom PopcornChicken and WafflesMac n' CheesePork Belly PastramiTruffle Grilled CheeseAside from being WAY too much food for two people, everything on that menu save the grilled cheese was delicious, and the grilled cheese only didn't reach that mark by a notch or two. They have many main courses, but if you don't get the pastrami and the chicken and waffles, you're cheating yourself.Prices are what you'd expect for this type of atmosphere and location, and I'd suggest getting lots of appetizer type food rather than getting a full-on main course, though I'm sure those are delicious as well.Also an excellent place for sending guests who are from out of town for weddings in the area for dinner the night before.
5	This place was absolutely fantastic! Great ambiance and fantastic food. We got the Pork Belly Pastrami, which was like an inside out Ruben, wonderful. Chopped Salad, very good, especially with the smoked salmon. Gypsy Bacon Sandwich, the bacon was unbelievable, along with the sandwich innards made it refreshing. Lastly we got the Duck. This was probably the best. It had a great "millet" (like grits), and it went so well with the perfectly cooked duck.The only thing I would suggest, it to NOT get the Pork Belly and Bacon Sandwich together. There was just a bit too much bacon/pork flavor, it detracted a bit from the meal. It would have been helpful if the server had mentioned that.Overall, I would highly recommend Citizen Public House. It is a bit pricy, but just getting the sandwiches would definitely help keep the price down.
5	Bacon and popcorn was good. Pork belly pastrami was the real treat though. After that the chopped salad was a great original kind of taste that I have never had before. Thanks to the bartender Thomas for good conversation and superb craft cocktails. I hope to visit again soon.
5	I had a hard time choosing between Citizen Public House or the Mission for my one dinner while vacationing in Scottsdale.  I am so glad we chose here.  From the martinis, the appetizers (pastrami pork belly is really that good!; bacon popcorn yum). the entrees (one of the best duck I have tasted and perfectly cooked), and the service, I highly recommend this place.  The only downside is that it is really loud and you need to talk in a raised voice (need to put some noise reducing elements in the interior). Good times!
5	I am a big fan of gastropubs, espcially when they are as elevated as the Citizen is.We requested to sit next to the open window that faces the street.  It was a beautiful November evening, so a slight breeze was welcomed while we enjoyed our meal.Our server Clark was absolutely charming.  He gave excellent recommendations when we needed some advice and he was able to joke around with us as we inhaled everything brought to our table!  Our cobb salad, our pork belly, the cocktails, dessert, EVERYTHING!  Some of the items we tried:-PORK BELLY PASTRAMI: house made and freaking delish!! melt in your mouth good!-THE ORIGINAL CHOPPED SALAD: awesome presentation-FAIR TRADE SHORT RIBS-ROASTED BUTTERMILK CHICKEN-GRILLED LAMB LOIN-Moe'scow Mule: coper cup and everything!-Citi-Zen: very refreshing.  I'm not a vodka fan, but this was smooth and sweet!We will have to visit the Citizen Pulic House next time we're in town!
5	We came back for dinner on Friday evening and it was everything I hoped it would be. If you're an alcoholic...err... "alcohol aficionado", this is the place for you.  They offer barrel aged cocktails which is a truly unique experience.  They're a bit spendy at regular price but if you go during "Social Hour", they're half price and a steal (note to CPH: I appreciate not being forced to be happy.  Thanks for validating the preferences of pissy people everywhere.)  The term "craft cocktails" is starting to go the way of  sun-dried tomatoes (sad and overused), but currently there isn't a better description and this is definitely a destination for a twist on the sauce.  If my husband were granted full access to their bar and nifty ingredients, I might never see him again.  (But granted, it's been a good run.)  We ordered the mac n' cheese, chicken and waffle, and crab cakes for appetizers.  All were fantastic.  I thought the chicken and waffle was a strange offering but an app but it works.  For din-din, our table had the short ribs, filet, duck, and meatloaf.  Six loud tipsy people were quiet for maybe an entire minute which should tell you something.  Desserts were an exercise in competitive eating but we managed.  Our table had the pumpkin bread pudding, apple pie and dream pudding.  YUM.  We then accomplished a gastronomic feat by indulging in their house-made egg nog.  It was a thick, creamy, delicious glass of shame.      The service was fantastic.  Our waiter was friendly, funny and engaging.  They did a wonderful job of taking care of us without hovering.  I'm not the biggest fan of Old Town thanks to the douche bag/Ax factor but this is definitely a compelling reason to make my way through guys in too tight t-shirts who say "dude" excessively.
5	We have gone to citizen's about a dozen times and they never disappoint. Great service and exceptional food. The drinks are aways creative and excellent. We always have to get the original chopped salad. The tender belly pastrami is amazing. This time we had the trout which was good but probably not great. However it the first time I could say that about any of the food. The rubbed spare ribs are incredible.
5	I was so pleasantly surprised with the food and service at this restaurant. We had the Applewood Smoked Duck, Pan Seared Scallops and Chopped salad and they were all amazing. The food duck and scallops were cooked to perfection. Our waiter was hilarious.I would absolutely come back here next time I'm in Scottsdale.
5	This was definitely the best meal of this year's holiday trip....The Kale Caesar! is a very creative interpretation of the timeless classic.  We loved the melted Scamorza cheese.  I had the Applewood Smoked Duck for my entree, accompanied by a glass of the Siduri pinot from Willamette.  The wine was perfect with the cherry sauce, besides the fact that pinot is a classic pairing with duck.  A glass of Siduri for $12 is a great deal, too.  I loved the way the duck was prepared, too, and it did not weigh me down afterwards like duck often can, either.My wife had the buttermilk roasted chicken along with a glass of their creative (and delicious) interpretation of sangria.  Roasted Brussels sprouts and sweet corn are part of the presentation.  Dessert was the decadent Dream Pudding Jar.  We always get excited about an original dessert dish, and this one did not disappoint.Service was top notch all the way, also.
4	I really love this part of Scottsdale.  You have a vast choice of amazing restaurants.  We decided to try Citizen Public House.  The atmosphere is an energetic one.  I can't really remember the last time I went to a restaurant at 5:30 in evening and seen such a lively place.Now for the food.  We started with the bacon popcorn.  I was only ok, but it was also only about $2 or so.  We decided to have the pork belly pastrami and the butternut squash soup.  The soup was ok, but I wouldn't order it again.  The pork belly was amazing.  I can't wait to go back and have it again. We shared the short rib.  It was a pretty healthy portion.  My husband and I were able to share one.  The bbq sauce was a tad bit on the bitter side.  I think I will try the scallops next time.The cocktails were amazing.  I'm really into cucumber right now, so the Persian was to die for.Service was great!  Our food came out quickly.
5	I had the Crispy Steelhead, and it was delicious! The sweet pea risotto and roasted tomato-chanterelle ragout were a great addition. If you're looking for a great restaurant with an original menu, this is the place to go! Friendly staff and they were quick to seat us.
4	Umm bacon popcorn and for the small fee of $2 how could I go wrong?  It was excellent bacon and added salt to the popcorn.  The popcorn really lacked any flavor so a handful is best enjoyed with some bacon to add the required saltiness.  I also heard great things about the pork belly pastrami so had to order it.  I really enjoyed this dish, in fact this is the best dish I had and will order it again.  If I could do it over I would just order this dish and my drinks and I would of gave it five stars.   However please read on....OK also ordered the Butternut Squash soup and it was ok.  Not really great, just an ok dish that I would never order again.  It just did not have any spectacular flavors or any wow factor like the pork belly pastrami.I also ordered the main entree short rib.  It came with a cherry sauce that I would never eat again.  If you smelled the cherry  sauce directly it would clear your sinuses.  It was so strong that if you inhaled it directly it would make you cough.  Not really an appetizing sauce.  It had a bitterness to  it that really was not good at all.  After coughing twice from breathing in the sauce with my short rib I stopped using it all together.  The short rib on its own was ok.  Not worth the coin and only an ok dish.  I would not order it again.The atmosphere of Citizen Public House is great.  Very lively and great service.  I plan on visiting again for happy hour to enjoy appetizers, pork belly pastrami and drinks.  I suggest you do the same.
5	Every time I am in Scottsdale, I come in here at least once. The food is fantastic, and the drinks are great, too. I love the space, & the dark wood beams against a light wall w/ dim lighting make it a spot for any occasion. The staff is very friendly & accommodating, & they will ensure you enjoy your visit. I HIGHLY recommend the Chopped Salad & the duck (if available), but all the food is wonderful. I highly recommend to anyone.
5	So good I almost have to go back and lower the ratings of 5 star restaurants just to emphasize that this place isn't playing around.  Service, food, drinks, atmosphere, and location this place had it all. Being the foodies that we are my wife and I picked our hotel in Scottsdale not based on how close it was to the event we were attending but based on the surrounding restaurants. This gastropub did not let us down, we started off with the pork belly it was so tender and perfectly seasoned that I almost contemplated ordering another one for my entree. But the rest of the menu looked so appetizing and our waiter was so enthused about the rest of the food that I went with the duck and my wife went with the restaurant week prix fix menu.
4	A group of us went here for a friends 30th birthday.  What a great choice ! The waiter that we had was very knowledgeable, fun and super friendly ! Gary I believe it was. :)  None of us had been there before so we were more than impressed with the atmosphere.  Very quaint and classy.  We all ordered a variety of appetizers and we not disappointing!  Fondue, hummus and olive plate.  All were very delicious and plenty for 7 to share.  As far as dinner goes I can only speak for my boyfriend and myself as we took a bite of one anothers entree (Scallops and Meatloaf).  The scallops and grits were PHENOM!!  I am from the south so I was a bit weary about trying grits in Scottsdale, but they did not let me down :)  Meatloaf I didn't have much to compare to but it was pretty good and my boyfriend loved it. If you're looking for a fun evening out with good food and drinks this is a place you don't want to pass up.  It's not somewhere I would find myself on a weekly basis, but I will be back!
4	Unique food - I had the Chop Salad, Short Ribs & took home some of the Bacon Peanut Brittle to try later. Each of the dishes were unique but very tasty.
4	Excellent service and warm decor at CPH. The food is solid but I was a bit let down. The famous chop salad was overly sweet and the menu is so overly red meat/bacon oriented. While that is tasty to be sure it's not that creative. The scallops were delish and the wine and cocktails were perfect. A bit more diversity to the menu would make it 5 stars for me.
5	Our server Gary was awesome. Food was amazing...an experience.
4	Stopped here for a New Years Eve meal with my wife before heading to the block party next door.  Set up a reservation on Opentable.  They had a set 3 course menu for $55 due to the holiday which was not clear when making the reservation, however we went with it figuring that it could be more expensive elsewhere. I had the Lentil and Sausage soup - which is good and tasty and my wife had the greens, both were pretty tasty.  Next up was a Filet for me and Butter Chicken for my wife.   I would say I got the better end of the deal but the food was all good.  To finish was a chocolate tart and sorbet "duet".  This was ok and probably the weakest part of the meal.Beer selection was good (we are not wine drinkers) they even had Framboise which is unusual.All in all a good start to our NYE celebrations!
5	Great food, great service.  I'll be back soon!Nice to find a great place!
5	I'm not sure what I can say about this place that hasn't been said already. The service is beyond compare, the place is clean and fresh feeling. The drinks are unique and quite tasty. I was really happy with my selections, and the food is out of this world. Delicious chopped salad (with a facebook page all its own) and yummy scallops, short ribs, and meatloaf too. Who'd a thunk meatloaf could be so tasty??? Desert was a tad underwhelming and I do love a good dessert, so maybe next time. Great place for a romantic dinner too. Yum.
4	Good food and great atmosphere! Ok so we went to Citizen for my husbands birthday and there were 6 of us. We were seated quickly as we did have reservation and our server was pretty awesome. Some of our friends actually knew the guy which was cool and we received an industry discount which was really nice and not expected at all. I didn't drink that night since I was the driver, but I heard the drinks were great just a bit on the small side. As for the food I tasted a bit of everything. For apps we had the pork belly pastrami (a bit too fatty), chopped salad (awesome), fernet steak salad (not a fan too sweet for my taste). For entree's I had the scallops which were good not the greatest and I shared the duck with my friend which I liked better than the scallops which were quite rich. My husband had the crispy stealhead which I really liked, but he was not that keen on it. Our other friends had the chicken and waffles, mac n cheese, and lamb burger and they said they were all fantastic minus the fries which I tried and were a very strange texture almost like they were rolled in cornmeal not 1 of us liked those at all. All in all it was a nice place with great service and good food, but a little over priced for the taste and quality of the food.  For this many stars on yelp I was expecting City Hall experience and my tastebuds to be dancing with excitement. I would recommend for gathering with friends and would go back!
5	Lives up to its 5 star billing.  The chopped salad was the highlight.  My party of four agreed-- you've never had a salad like this.  The lamb burger was also very very special.  The lepinja roll the burger comes on is absolutely perfect, the best piece of bread I've eaten in a long long time.The porkbelly pastrami was rich and silky, but could have used more peppery pastrami-ness.  Still, a great piece of meat.My wife did not love her grilled cheese.  She said the varied textures of the cheeses was not pleasant.  I had her leftovers the next day, and I tend to agree.  Very good flavor though, and again, superb bread.They serve Goose Island Matilda on draft, which is now my favorite beer.
1	I thought this place was unimpressive. I don't know if everyone else here just came on a better night with a different staff or what, but this was not the dining experience you all described.  But the worst was the service and attitude of the staff; we were ignored all night. It took us a very long time to get seated despite it NOT being full and having a reservation. Not a big deal, but a party of 8 walked in ahead of me and was immediately seated. I guess CPH would make more money off of a larger party, so they were made a priority over someone who had the common sense to make a reservation.The server was affable and friendly but would disappear for long stretches of time.  It seemed like everyone working there was more concerned with enforcing the cool hipster vibe than actually doing any work.I was pretty excited to eat here because they had a great rating. However, my entree was a major disappointed and it took a major dent on my wallet. I will pay anything for good food. However, nothing makes me more angry than overpaying for a crappy entree. I ordered the short ribs based on a recommendation. They were extremely fatty, tough, and nearly burnt. Furthermore, the sides were also a disappointment. I don't think pureed parsnips are particularly expensive, but the portion I received was a joke. I was done with them within 2 bites. What a way to waste my time and money.
5	Im really sorry to say that I have not sat down formerly for a real meal. Stopped here for happy hour with a friend which has great deals on drinks and small dishes. Tried the "Kilt Lifter Fondue" which was delicious-came with sausages, bread and fruit with a glass of malbec. We sat at the bar with extremely friendly bartenders. The restaurant is simple yet elegant. Great date spot or a simple night out!
3	I'm sorry but this place is just good for apps & drinks. Way overpriced. I had the scallop entree and it was 28.00 for 3 scallops. Their chef salad is a copycat from cowboy ciao. I enjoyed their citizen drink but I should for 12.00! The food is nothing special. Good ambiance to meet friends for a drink- relabel bar.
5	AMAZING FOOD!!!!  Pretty much anything you order on the menu is AMAZING!  Some of the best stuff that we all tried at our table was the Bacon-Fat popcorn, short ribs, meatloaf, the Original Chop Salad and the Ruben appetizer.  For all you Gluten-Free people out there too, there are a TON of options on the menu and they are called out, so it makes ordering easy.  Everyone in your group is sure to find something they'll love!
3	Pan seared scallops with corn grits and wilted snow pea greens and cola gastrique: humble-poser sounding dish, corn grits were fine but the scallops were too saltyLamb burger: lamb patty lacked flavor except for the bitter gamieness, loved the kennebec fries that came with though, very unique chunkier texture, homemade ketchup was also too bitter and I'd rather have heinz/sirracha/korean bbq sauce/mayo/anything else genericCould've just paid $10 tops at any southern restaurant for grits and fries instead.
5	Hands down one of the best restaurants in Scottsdale.  Atmosphere is great, owners are uber nice, and the care they have for their restaurant shows in the food.  I love this place
4	Best salad I have ever had.....may sound strange but the most delicious, unusual creation.  It is a lively atmosphere, so having conversation is a bit of a shouting match.  Not a bad thing...just a thing.
4	I was very impressed with this place and just about everything I got was very delicious. They have an interesting selection of cocktails and they are definitely worth trying. The highlight of my meal was the chopped salad. My friends thought I was crazy for ordering a salad but I sure proved them wrong. One of the best salads I have had. It made me look at salads a whole different way.Stay away from the chicken and waffles. I'm not sure if I just got a bad batch but it was way too salty.
3	GREAT chopped salad!  Glad to see the chef was so generous and shared the recipe with others around town! I had a great short rib entree and some yummy wine!
5	For just the food, I'd probably give citizen 4 stars. The food is great but very heavy. What bumps it up to five are the cocktails. I've tried several of the cocktails on the menu and all of them are amazing. The waitstaff and bar staff are also phenomenal. Great experience for dinner or to stop by the bar for drinks.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVED this place! Came in with a large group all in town for a wedding, people were coming & going from our table and the server/other staff were all super accommodating to our needs. It was like a mini reunion of all us college friends and we could not have chosen a better spot.Since we had a large group it also allowed for me to try a little bit of everything, including the Pork Belly Pastrami (which the hus said was awesome), Burrata, Short Ribs, Sallops, Filet Mignon, Smoked Duck and my personal favorite Bernies Mac n' Cheese (which I went ahead and completely hogged).Absolutely everything we tried was perfection. Definitely the best meal our entire stay in Scottsdale!
5	Very innovative and original . Great staff and unique drinks ! Get the scallops !
4	Went for dinner with a friend, def a fan.
5	I absolutely love this place! I was working out of town in Phoenix recently and visited here on a whim on a Sunday evening - wonderful wine on the happy hour list, impecable service - I sat at the bar and there were amazing bartenders, and the scallops were to die for! I highly recommend this place.
4	Great service, and while all of the food was very good, it wasn't life-changing like our waiter claimed ;-). We went as a group of about 10 and had a back room to ourselves. They make a great Manhattan with leather and tobacco infused bitters--ask them about their bitters program.
4	Great selection of healthy food choices and the service was pretty good! I wish our server had more knowledge about the wines on the menu.  Cute location and atmosphere, too!
3	Rosemary roasted nuts - sweet and nice.Fondue - a little floury, bread was toasted a little too much but the sausage was wonderful.Burrata - if you only get one thing, this should be it.Short Rib- presented on the bone with a new coffee rub and a cherry vinegar sauce on the side, a parsnip puree as the base - cloying without the vinegar.Duck - thick sliced, I suggest ordering medium plus (the medium order was a little rare), excellent quality, nice flavor.Flourless chocolate cake, very nice but I think I've seen them at AJ's.Nice selection of after dinner drinks.  Ok wines by the glass.  Great cocktails.Loud loud loud, mostly tables.  Really good service.  Reasonable prices.Ok but not awesome.I will return but only for happy hour fare.
5	OMG, you guys, I think I'm in love.  Maybe I've been stuck in the suburbs for too long, but I was so impressed with Citizen.  I finally had a chance to check it out, and during "social hour" no less.  I had been hearing about those barrel aged cocktails, so I had to give one a try.  I don't normally go for the bourbon and whiskey cocktails, so the waiter recommended the Pacific Coast Cocktail, and described it as "sort of their version of sangria".  It was really good, really strong and $5 to boot (during social hour).  I had to switch to wine after that because I didn't want to get completely wasted in front of a bunch of strangers.  I also took the liberty of ordering the bacon fat popcorn for the table because Holy Jesus.  Bacon.  Popcorn.  How could you go wrong?  You can't, and this was truly sent from heaven.  Or hell, maybe.  Either way, it was freaking amazing and I would eat it every day if I could.  I ordered the Short Rib, much to my boyfriend's chagrin.  I always seem to order what he wants, and then he has to order something else (sorrynotsorry).  Oh Lord, not to be a yelp stereotype here, but it was TO DIE for.  Short Rib?  Amazing.  Parsnip Mash?  Why didn't I think of this?  Swiss Chard?  Yes.  And it is gluten free, for those of you on that food trip.Our waiter was totally on top of things, made great suggestions, and was super sweet.  Basically, everything I ask for in a waiter.  And the atmosphere?  Yes, it has that "cool, hipster vibe" described by other reviewers, but I like it, and I didn't find it pretentious or snobby at all.  Overall, I want to go to CPH like EVERYDAY, but alas, I cannot.  I will settle for going as often as I can to enjoy their delicious food and libations.  And I encourage you to do the same.
4	The steak salad - mouth & mind-blowing... seriously, go get it now.Chopped salad? Always a favorite, but also available at Cowboy Ciao.The fried chicken (incredible) and waffle (inedible) left us wanting more fried meat,but the truly stellar service made us forget about food we didn't care to eat.A warning: the dessert is NOT worth 10 dollars, Not nearly as interesting as the description implies,They were standard, too small, and left much to be desired... the apple pie, cheesecake, and bread pudding just tasted like lies.The ambiance, romantic, and service, quite grand.The main courses were great (though the waffle was bland).You're likely to leave CPH full of quality cuisine and glee,and if it's yo birthday, they'll give you fudge balls, fo' free.
5	Peanut butter paradise!  All I gotta say!  Wow!!!
5	Wow! First the name was intriguing. Then, the food and service were fantastic. We had appetizers and drinks, with dessert and it was just right. One of the most interesting menus I have seen in a long time. Creative, inspired and just plain fun.
4	Great atmosphere and the chopped salad was delicious!!  I will definitely return!
4	very affordable and delicious filet mignon for only $32. will come back again!
5	CPH is amazing! We have never had a bad meal there.  We have tried a few of their salads, including the Chopped, Fernet Steak, and local field greens, all if which were good.  We also tried the Pork Belly Pastrami appetizer, which they have received numerous reviews on, and it was delicious.  My husband LOVES the short ribs in the coffee rub.  My absolute favorite is the scallops.  They are fresh and cooked properly, and are paired with some wilted greens, corn grits and a cola gastrique sauce.  The whole combination is amazing!  We are normally stuffed, so have only tried dessert once, but it was incredible as well.  We ordered the apple pie in a cheddar cheese crust, and it was by far the best apple pie I have ever tried.  We love Citizen Public House and will continue to call it one of our favorite restaurants in the Phoenix area!
4	We came here late Friday after getting turned away at our beloved FnB. What a great runner up! We got seated right away and started devouring their fantastic warm bread. I got the Persian cocktail because I love all cucumber drinks. I remarked I hadn't had a cocktail that good since being in New York.For my entree, I asked for a veggie plate mostly because I was too embarrassed to ask for what I really wanted-- a big plate of brussels sprouts. The waiter offered the risotto that comes with another dish as a veg entree so I went with that. The risotto itself was kind of bland, but the earthy mushrooms on top made up for that. My husband loved the scallops and said the grits they came with were the best he's ever had.We went for the peanut butter dessert which was a decadent combo of chocolate ganache and pb mousse. There was way too much ganache for my taste. It was hard to dig into the dessert, but it still tasted good, especially with the tasty crumble on top.Two things I loved about CPH: our enthusiastic server and the space. The server was great at the get go, but I wish I would have seen more of him throughout the meal. I am surprised to see people bashing the starkness of the interior. I think it looks sleek and modern but still warm and inviting.We'll be back whenever we can't get into FnB.
5	Amazing food, great service, fantastic place for a nice dinner!  We were very impressed.  I thought this place was still a dance club, nope it's a really nice restaurant!  The duck was decadent and my husband loved his chicken.  Thanks Owen for the superb service.
5	It's no secret that this place is great.  Took my valentine here for dinner and it was beautiful.  The service was great, the food was delicious, and it made me look like a thoughtful boyfriend.  What more could a man want?I had the duck, which was cooked perfectly.
5	Finally, I got to dine here! It was well worth the wait. I came here last Friday (2/22) to take advantage of the last day of AZ Cocktail Week. Usually this place is really busy and it's hard to get a table without a bit of a wait. Thankfully, we made reservations! This place is so cool. The atmosphere is really hip and classy. I had been here (and Citizen R + D) a few times before but wanted to wait until I tried the food to make a review. I had the Negroni cocktail, which was..alright. I mean, I can't really judge a drink when I've never had it before and it wasn't my cup o' tea but I'm sure if you like gin you'd enjoy it! I've had their Moscow Mule before and the Cotton Cooler (at R + D) so I'm confident in their cocktail skills. There aren't too many veg options on the menu. There were a few things that caught my eye though-the mac n cheese and the grilled cheese sandwich. In the battle of which cheesy dish to select, I went with the grilled cheese since it seemed like a healthier option (the only healthy aspect being that it came with a field greens salad). Let me just say..this might've been the best grilled cheese I've had IN MY LIFE. This sandwich was not only melty cheese goodness, but had truffled mashed potatoes and onions on it. The salad was pretty delicious too, but the sandwich was definitely the standout. The service was really good and our server was very informative on the menu & friendly. It was a great dining experience! And I will probably try to recreate the grilled cheese at home. It was that good.
5	Fantastic food & service, loved the ambiance. We'll be back again next year for Spring Training.
5	Best drinks ever!
5	A lovely (and very lively) pub/bar restaurants with really reasonable price & GREAT GREAT food! Two of us stopped by this place on a Tuesday evening while on our business trip after consulting Yelp. Even on a (mid)weekday evening, the inside of Citizen (although not full) was very lively (as opposed to other restaurants that seemed empty!). I love the fact that they had a list of MANY cocktail drinks for you to choose from. The waitress was great at recommending some vodka-based cocktails that my friend would like as well! For food, we opted for:Appetizers: 1) Pork Belly Pastrami and 2) Chopped Salad. Both dishes were excellent! The pork belly was tender and with a mustard-based sauce and a bed of vegetable (I forgot what the veg was) while the chopped salad was so refreshing! (probably the bacon made it taste so great!Main dish: 1) Seared Scallops and 2) Crispy Steelhead. The seared scallops were also great and came with saucey looking food of what tasted like mashed potato. The steelhead was actually a fillet (instead of whole fish) and I love their green pea risotto that came with it. Honestly, I actually like their appetizers more and thought the main dish was quite large (well, since we had 2 appetizers already!)...but the food was very good still!Dessert: Pina Colada Bread Pudding (heaven~~~)...tasted/smell of toasted coconut was so aromatic after we took a bite of dessert. I'm normally not a dessert person but since the food here was so good (both appetizers and main dishes), I was glad we tried their dessert out, too!All in all, the bill came to around $90 without tip including 2 cocktails)...really reasonable!! highly recommend this place as a place to hang out! Judging from the fact that it was actually crowded even on a Tuesday evening, I do have a feeling this place gets really crowded on Friday/weekend though!
5	Hands down the best meal and service I quite possibly have ever had! Pork belly appetizer, scallop entree, and braised beef entree were something I'll be dreaming about for a while..! If you're looking for a great place to eat and are willing to spend the money I promise it will be worth it. You MUST request Owen for your server... He is very knowlegable about the menu which helps in deciding what to get. Not to mention he could be the best all around server we ever had! We will absolutely eat here again when in the area!
5	The food here is phenomenal. That is the real draw. They really take great care in selecting the best ingredients and preparing it right. However, it IS expensive. It might be cheap by old town Scottsdale standards, but still expect to pay $20-40 per entree and $12 per cocktail.The food is worth every penny though.
4	Out of my long list of bookmarked restaurants, I chose Citizen Public House to cross off the list for date night Friday night.  My BF luckily made a reservation during dinner rush hour, so we were seated instantly. Otherwise we would have waited for awhile with everyone else at the bar. Not that waiting is terrible here; AMAZING cocktails to try!! I ordered the scallops based on other yelpers advise. They had a great sear on them with lots of flavor. I was still hungry though after eating the 3 scallops so I influenced my bf to order me dessert. I was being indecisive on my dessert selection and ended up ordering both the flour less chocolate cake and blueberry pie. Both were great, but the blueberry pie was my favorite!
5	This was a pick for a girls night out.  I ordered the pan seared scallops and they were phenomenal.  Their "Persian 9" specialty cocktail is crazy good.  I'm glad I was with a group who like to share plates.  It allowed for a nice sampling of the menu.  The friendly staff and great service along with the fabulous food make this a place I recommend with confidence.
5	In town for a conference, so decided to grab dinner here with a couple of friends from work. Looking at the menu ahead of time, I was drawn to the bacon fat popcorn and figured either this would be awesome or it was going to be an absolute bacon-trend disaster of a meal.  It was outstanding.  We arrived and the place was fairly busy.  Definitely energetic but not to the point where one couldn't carry on a conversation without shouting.  Started of with some of the house cocktails and bacon fat popcorn and the kilt lifter fondue.  Cocktails were strong, yet balanced and flavorful.  The popcorn was ridiculous, not greasy or over-the-top, with pieces of crisp bacon scattered throughout.  The kilt lifter fondue was equally tasty.  We decided to try several items off the starter menu- waffles and fried chicken, pork belly pastrami, and the original chopped salad.  My co-worker went nuts over the fried chicken and waffles, saying it was some of the best he's ever had (must have been good because he's from the south and knows his way around a fried chicken).  Now, I'm a guy who knows a thing or two about pastrami and making pastrami with pork belly just didn't seem, well, kosher.  If there was ever a case to plead for allowing pork to become kosher, this would be the dish you'd have to serve the Rabbi.  It was insane and would make even the staunchest Rabbinical authority issue a blessing.  I didn't try the chopped salad, but the person in our group who ordered it said it was outstanding.  Overall, solid choice and will be back next trip to Scottsdale.
4	My friend we meet for dinner found this on Yelp - great choice.  Food was excellent.  Service was good.  Only complaint was the waiter thought I was pointing to one thing on the menu while I was saying another.  He made good on his mistake and we all enjoyed our dinner. Steak salad was fantastic so was the grilled  cheese and truffle sandwich.  Hubby had the duck - loved it.  Dad had the chicken waffle - he loved that too.
3	Great service, reasonable prices and a lovely atmosphere. I'm giving it three stars because the menu was a bit limited and I wasn't entirely happy with any of our food. We started with the pastrami appetizer. The flavor was great, but the meat was a straight up slab of fat. I mean, it was the type of fat that you cut off your meat and push to the side of your plate. I would never knowingly purchase a slab of fat, so it was pretty disgusting. When I asked what was in the chopped salad, they explained to me that it had salmon. Since I like Salmon, I ordered it for my entree. The problem was that the salmon was not the grilled kind, like I had figured it would be, but the smoked slimy lox and bagel type of salmon that I hate. It was all mixed in my salad, so I just did my best to eat around it, but it was pretty hard to do that and it ruined what seemed to be an otherwise great salad. I think they should tell diners what type of salmon is in the salad. My husband ordered the lamb burger and his response was "Meh." When I asked him what was wrong with it, he just said "It tasted kind of bland, like something was missing. That said, the prices were good and I really wanted to love this place. I just don't think I'd go back, unless they changed their menu since everything we ordered left us a little disapointed.
5	CPH is a very hip restaurant with a lot of eye candy! Went on Saturday night after a Giants game and it was packed. The square bar in the middle of the restaurant was overflowing with patrons(mostly women).  Had reservations, so we were seated fairly quickly.  I had the kale Caesar salad and the chicken and waffles.  The salad was good and the chix & waffles were tasty also.  Both were off the appetizer menu and were $12 & $10 respectively.  I had a few friends order the chopped salad, and they really liked it.  If you like good food at a good price, and some window dressing, it can be done here.
3	Great place to hangout. Food is not bad. I had the Kale Caesar which was not as flavorful as I expected. The starters are very delicious. The atmosphere is a 4 star if you are looking for a casual dining experience with a flair.  Does have a bat and outside patio that's fun.
2	Great atmosphere. Chopped salad was great. Lamb burger was far too gamey and fries where mediocre.
5	The cocktails are the absolute best in the city. Try the Aviation and the Citizen.They keep all the best dishes on the menu while also adding other creative dishes. I hope they keep the pastrami pork belly for ever.The service is always exceptional. Sit at the bar if you don't like to wait even a minute for another cocktail.I have been there about thirty times, and I have never had a less than stellar experience.
3	..
5	We sat at the bar both times we went and had great service. The food was consistent both times as well. If you find yourself here you have to try their chicken sand waffle appetizer its large enough to make a meal out of or share. Dessert was also very yummy. Happy hour is a good deal. Half off drafts and wine. Can't beat a cold  $2.5 beer on a hot AZ day, the snack option isn't large for HH but still worth trying.
4	First time in PHX.  Friend recommended.  Friendly waitstaff.  They were understaffed and extremely busy, but we never knew.  The short ribs were tender, the duck breast was epic.  Waiter recommended splitting the Peanut Butter and Chocolate Cake among the party of 3- Bite of Cake with the PB dessert was insane.
5	Moscow Mules and the scallops were amazing, while their chopped salad was bigger and just as good as Cowboy Chio's.
5	Absolutely amazing! I'm still dreaming about the scallops. The chopped salad was delicious too!
5	Pair the pork belly pastrami with the Chopped salad (this isn't a regular Chopped salad), it's amazing!!!!  Brandon, Brandon and Brian were awesome!  The ribs melted in my mouth. The Sazerac drink was awesome. Friends had the meatloaf, isn't your mothers meatloaf, and scallops, well executed. Dessert was a cherry on top (pun intended) to the dinner. Great place, isn't cheap but you certainly get what you pay for!
2	I came to Scottsdale as part of a 15-gent bachelor party, and CPH was our big night/sendoff dinner for the bachelor.  As a result, we did a $50-per-person fixed price menu that featured a choice of one of two salads, one of four entrees, and a chef's selection on dessert.  As my friends will tell you, I eat out 6-8 times per week all over America and at nicer restaurants a couple of times a month...I've never seen one of these menus get you less food than I got last night.  (This had that "Restaurant Week for dinner in DC" feel to it; DC folks know what I'm talking about!)Part of that was tied to dessert.  I'm allergic to nuts.  Bottom line, the chef's selection featured three desserts that all featured some form of nuts.  (I don't think a nut allergy is particularly rare these days...do you?)  I asked our server--who was otherwise an excellent host for our large, somewhat unruly group--if I could just get something plain, a chocolate cake, or a cheesecake, or sorbet...anything.  The answer was a flat no.That affected the rest of my thoughts on the meal, really.  I'm normally a cocktail guy but I opted for a glass of the pinot grigio, which was fine...but from reading some of these Yelp reviews, it looks like I should have gotten a cocktail.  The salad (field greens) was fine, a little overdressed but the greens were tasty.The entree was, frankly, an injustice...for a fixed price menu that also featured a 7-to-8 oz. steak and the biggest piece of chicken I've seen not on top of a waffle in Chicago, the scallops were puny.  I mean, beyond puny.  THREE SCALLOPS?  I literally took a small bite a minute, just to stretch out the amount of food on the plate.  The greens served with it were chewy, almost tough to cut with a normal knife.So, to summarize, $50 got me three scallops, about one measuring cup worth of salad greens, and no dessert.  I can't in good conscience recommend coming back, but again, I thought the service was great and the space was well lit and featured good-looking people (I am finding this is standard in Scottsdale, but still).  I did go out to eat later that evening, because I was so freakin' starved.At least our bachelor left happy!
4	Reviews of chop salad were right. Very tasty and a light meal all it's own. Short ribs were excellent as well. Blueberry pie was very tasty too. I am a fan.
5	Dined in March, 2013 for a late dinner/pre-drink snack w/ friends. Ordered 2 apps, salad, and one entree, w/ good but not extravagant wine; out the door for apx $100. I could see noise becoming a potential problem with its layout. Service was very attentive, informative and friendly.the pork belly pastrami and applewood smoked duck were both A+++; chopped salad A-/B+; crab cakes were not remarkable.I will absolutely return to this restaurant w/ very high expectations next time i'm in the phoenix area.
5	Wow I never thought I would find delicious food in Scottsdale. I was here for Spring Training. Here to see my SF Giants. Go Giants!I tried to make reservations through Open Table and nothing was available for the night. SO I called and the gentleman accommodated us by saving a table in the patio for us. If service was this good, I was already thinking the food must be good as well. When we arrived, we got seated. Yeah. We ordered the Original Chopped Salad. They mix the salad at your table. The salad was the best chopped salad I've ever had. It even has it's own Facebook page. https://www.facebook.com/TheOriginalChoppedSaladWe also got the Pan Seared Scallops to share. Since they knew we were sharing our food, they divided the entree to 2 dishes. Wow! That's service. Scallops were cooked to perfection. Very tasty and I wanted more!We got the Bernie's Mac 'n Cheese and was also really good.So CPH is known for the house cocktails. We HAD to order. Midwest Manhattan and the Sangria are amazing. If you like a good manhattan, go for this one!As for dessert, we shared the blueberry pie with graham cracker ice cream!!! I LOVED it!Overall, I was pleasantly surprised with CPH. They had fantastic service and memorable food. If I lived in Scottsdale, I would be a regular.
5	Great food Great drinks Great atmosphere Great Service. Get the chopped salad, the pork belly pastrami, and the meat loaf. Everything I have ever ate here has been awesome or amazing.
5	Great food.  Exceptional service.  Brought my 90 year old Dad there and they were very accommodating in every way and he really enjoyed the food although it was quite exotic compared to what he was used to.
4	Per the waiter's recommendation, we ordered the chopped salad, short ribs and scallops.The chopped salad is definitely something that you must try once.  It's different compared to other chopped salads.  Now that I've tried it once, not sure I'll order it again.  It's unique and good.The short ribs were very tender and good.  Nice tangy BBQ sauce and the parsnip puree was light and delicious.  My husband loved the scallops and said they were cooked perfectly.  In addition, they came over grits.  He typically doesn't like grits but loved the grits.  We also tried the peanut butter paradise for dessert, also very good.
5	Beercheese fondue, what more can really be said?   Came here on a Saturday night, had to make reservations late because the place apparently gets packed.   Had an amazing time with friends.  Service was helpful, competent and attentive.   Such a great range of menu items with unique ingredients.   And of course, cheeeese fondue, my favorite food!    I am not surpised the place fills up quick,  MAKE reservations, okay?
5	Ask for Gary. He will lead you down the path of perfection.  And order from the cask cocktails menu.  Their take on a Negroni is superb.
5	I went to Citizen to try it out...I have been hearing great things so I wanted to check it out for myself..I was not disappointed... food and drinks are outstanding... for sure I will be back !!!!go and check it out !!!
4	Really enjoyed the food.  Loved the chicken and waffles.
5	This is the perfect place to take a group of people for an amazing dinning experience! Thomas is our favorite bartender! He always has  unique cocktail suggestions to start the evening off right! Moscow Mule is a good one! Fun and excellent priced happy hour! The scallops and chop salad are my favorite, but it is all so yummy! Can't wait to go back!
5	The first time I walked into this restaurant was on Prom night. I was a little nervous to what the dress code was, but the other customers did not seem to mind the overzealousness of my attire. The customer service was wonderful! My date and I,- being underage- were perfectly content with sipping on water throughout the night, but to our surprise, the waiter comes to our table with complementary "mocktails". A-plus on customer service.
5	Excellent food, and I really do mean excellent.  The service was fantastic, and when the waiter described the meatloaf as "not your mother's meatloaf" I had to try it.  He also had stories and recommendations that would have made me order a plate of dirt, he was very convincing and passionate about the menu.  I also sampled the dishes that my other friends ordered (scallops, chicken) and those were excellent as well.OK, so now that I got that out of the way, WHAT THE HELL IS WITH THE CORKAGE (OR LACK THEREOF) IN ARIZONA?!??!  We brought a bottle of wine, an expensive bottle, and as soon as we walked in they informed us that Arizona has only one or two restaurants that allow you to pay corkage and drink your own wine!  I thought Arizona was full of conservatives, and we all know conservatives love to drink so what's the deal?  We were disappointed, we wanted to drink our delicious wine, and since we were there for spring training and the night was young, we carried around an unopened bottle of wine all night and had to explain at every single bar we entered what it was all about and had to also promise not to open the bottle in the bar, as if we would waste such a great wine on just getting drunk!  Annoying. I will not deduct a star from this wonderful restaurant because of the wine situation, but I will tell you that I am giving the WHOLE STATE OF ARIZONA only one star for their stupid corkage regulations.
4	Really great, strong drinks. very unique too. The bartenders are all expert and friendly.
5	Do yourself a favor and try the pork belly pastrami appetizer. Or the scallops. Or better yet, both. You will thank me later. Great ambiance without being "too much". I would recommend Citizen for a date or nice night out with the girls. If you happen to be flying solo or hanging out with the boys, the good looking gentlemen behind the bar will make you feel at home and whip you up a delicious cocktail.I appreciate how passionately the staff talks about the food. CPH definitely gets my stamp of approval.
5	Thomas the bartender and the great food is why we keep coming back. We went Tues. for social hour, when the wine is 1/2 price a glass. Excellent selection, my wife had a Jordan Chard. and I had a Tempranillo from Spain, very good.For food the lamb burger can't be beat and the scallops are outstanding. The pita and hummus app. is a good starter too. Jenna is right the pork belly pastrami is a definite crowd pleaser.A very welcoming atmosphere, even when a tray of sangria was dumped, everyone remained calm and jumped into action. Everyone except the customer who bumped into the waiter. We will be back, next time for the duck!
4	We chose to dine here solely based on the online reviews and it did not disappoint! I prefer restaurants with an energetic vibe and while this was the case, I could still have a conversation w/my date. Bar area had a good crowd and dining area was a large open space. I felt like the walls in this place needed a more color or something... Decor seemed to be pretty plain and didn't really go w/the vibe of the place.Cocktail of choice for the evening was The Persian and it was light and refreshing. I chose the whitefish special while my husband went with the short rib. While I preferred his short rib dish, both were delicious. Was not a fan of the Bacon Peanut Brittle. Overall I'd be back when in town.
5	AHHH-MAZING!!! I don't want to make this a lengthy review so here's just a few things.The atmosphere was wonderful. It was trendy with it's wooden accents, lit candles, and stark white linens.The service was outstanding. Couldn't have asked for a more knowledgeable and sincere guy. Even when someone in our party ordered something that is normally sent back he let her know, and then gave her another option that would go with the tastes she was looking for. He was wonderful at pairing the perfect wines with our food.The food was out of this world. We shared the Chopped Salad (which has it's own Facebook page, lol). It was hands down the best salad I've ever eaten, and I'm not a salad person. We both ordered the filet mignon which came with some greens and smashed potatoes. I've have never had a more tender and juicy filet in my life. It was absolutely fantastic! Hats off to the chef!Please know this place is quite pricey so be prepared for that. Our salad, two filets, and his two beers came to about $93 but it was so amazingly worth the splurge.
5	Absolutely fantastic! My boyfriend and I went here for the first time for our anniversary and it could not have been a better experience. Our server (I think his name was Kent) was the most helpful, knowledgable, and simply fantastic server we have ever had. He definitely helped us in making decisions and making it easy to be a first time customer. He had suggested the chopped salad and we weren't disappointed in the slightest. Also, he gave me the best Shirley Temple I've ever had. He had given us a complimentary box of two little red velvet truffles for our anniversary and my boyfriend almost ate mine, they were so good.  Even if the food wasn't as fantastic as it is, we would go back because of him. I suggest the Short Ribs with the cherry BBQ sauce. It was probably the best meal I've had in a very long time. It's immensely flavorful and will surprise your taste buds. My boyfriend had the Meatloaf and couldn't get over how delicious it was. The atmosphere is high class mixed with a bit of rusticity and had a comfortable feel. The staff is immensely friendly and helpful. It is a bit pricy, both our meals came to $93. Definitely worth it for a date night or special occasion. This is by far my new favorite resturaunt. If you haven't been, you should definitely go.
5	The Original Salad is a MUST (but I hold off on the smoked fish). And their cocktails are fab.
1	My girlfriend put it best, "We should've went to Taco Bell. Of course Citizen Public House is better quality than Taco Bell... But not by much. And it's 10% the price."
4	My husband and I get in a rut and tend to stay with the 4-5restaurants we like so I decided to finally try CPH after hearing so much about it.First, I love the vibe there. The open, bistro feel with a lively bar crowd-the noise level is high but not annoyingly so.We had cocktails, which they are famous for-not too sweet and complex. We decided to try 4 appetizers-the stand outs were definitely the pastrami pork belly and the chopped salad.Service is efficient and casual, just the way I like it.I can't wait to come back and try the lamb burger and some of the entrees.
5	Love this place. Cocktails are fantastic, innovative and great bartenders. The food is incredible. I finally tried the chopped salad (famous and on Facebook). The salad has smoked salmon, Israeli cous cous, arugula, tomatoes, sun dried cor, pistachios, almonds in a buttermilk pesto dressing. I have been thinking about it ever since. I had the butternut squash chowder, which is not like most butternut squash chowders. Think bacon, squash, corn, chicken broth. Yummy. Food is delicious every time.
4	4.5 starsWe wandered in post appetizers at FnB so that was going to be a hard act  to follow. Well, it was surprising, inventive and yummy and really really tasty. I am holding out on the 5th star because I have been flinging them about lately and want to reevaluate when I come back. I need a reason to come back. The duck was delightful on creamy risotto, the grilled scallops were perfection on a thin smear of grits. Could have used more of the latter. The place was cavernous and rather empty on a Sunday night; a good feature in my book. We enjoyed the ambiance and felt hip being there. I'm thinking we might have to add Old Town to our dining rotation.
2	Went in for a friends birthday last night. The food, drinks, and our server were amazing and if it were not for the unfortunate experience with the management staff, I would have highly suggested this place to anyone. Because we had a larger party, they had explained while making the reservation that they could only do one check, but would take multiple forms of payment. When the check arrived, we went through, and wrote down what items went on which card, so the server would easily be able run each card for whatever the total would have been. A few minutes later the manager comes back, sets the cards back on the table with a calculator and says that they were not going to do the math for us, and to figure it out ourselves. After we did, I approached the managers again to explain how unprofessional and rude that was, given they have computers that could have easily done the math for them had they not chosen to be lazy. They went on to tell me that they were "very clear" when we made the reservation that they were not going to split the check...which was not what we were asking them to do when asking them to do some basic math. They went on to tell me how "lucky" we were that they even got our size group in on such short notice. (*Bear in mind we had 12 people at 10pm...there was so much room in the restaurant we could have been a walk-in party and they would have easily been able to get us right in, even without a reservation.) I have worked in the restaurant industry for the last 5 years, and when I explained that in my experience I had never worked at or been to a restaurant that would ever toss a calculator on a table and tell the guests to "figure it out themselves," the woman said she "encouraged me to eat at those other restaurants then." Im giving it 2 stars because the food and drinks were good, but dont waste your time at this place if you dont want to deal with lazy, rude management.
5	I'm giving it 5 stars in many ways due to the context of being in Arizona. I have to spend a lot of time in AZ for work and amid the myriad of chain restaurants and mediocre food this place stands out far above the rest. The Chopped Salad is nothing short of excellent, quite possibly the best salad I've had in my life. Look at my photos. Go, look at them. Do I look like a salad guy? No, I do not. Yet every time I come here I have to get one (once I even got two...yes, I'm a monster). The ingredients, the freshness, how it all works together, it's just excellent. You must get this salad if you come here must. The rest of the menu is solid, albeit not as spectacular. Probably more 3.5 star caliber food, but still very good (espec. for AZ). I've had the Filet (3.5), a panini (3.5), the mac n cheese (not that special), the pastrami appetizer (very good), and scallops (very good). The desserts are also very good, I enjoyed the Peanut butter dessert and flourless choc. cake very much, although the latter is very heavy. The ambiance and drinks are also excellent, making it a great date spot. Though there are a ton of slutty (sluttily?) dressed women here so keep your eyes on your date. But hey, that's Scottsdale, it comes with the territory
4	How is it that I don't write reviews for places I absolutely love to go.  I think that when I truly LOVE a place, I get writer's block.  I generally don't know where to begin, so let me start with the item that drew me in.... Bacon Popcorn.  If you read my reviews, you know by now that popcorn is my favorite food.  My second favorite is bacon.  When a place takes those 2 things and puts them together in one dish, it won't take much to make me a fan, for life.When I walk in Citizen Public House and pull up a seat at the bar, I feel like I'm in a craftsman style supper club.  The interior of the building itself is beautifully appointed, yet simple with those beautiful wooden beams.  There is a lovely patio area as well.I've dined on several things from the menu.  I've gone for dinner with reservations and I've stumbled in late night for a bowl of popcorn and libations.  By far my favorite thing on the menu, save the Bacon popcorn, is the Chopped Salad.  I enjoy it every time I've gone.  I'm a creature of habit and it is hard for me to order something different at a restaurant when I've found something I enjoy a lot.  HOWEVER, I love it that I have some adventurous friends and I've managed to try several of their drinks and menu items.  I like the fact that they host a monthly cocktail tasting.  Come in and taste their crafted cocktails for about $65 with some food pairings.  Their drinks are adventurous, but to be honest, I've had better crafted cocktails around Phoenix.  I would give them 5 stars, but I did order something once that was not prepared correctly and I had to convince the server that it wasn't.  I didn't have to twist his arm but he tried to tell me that it was correct and etc, but I said no, I don't think so.   I suppose after the server took it to the back and examined the food item more, he discovered I was right.  They remade the item for me and the night kept going.  But that makes me wonder if the menu is being prepared correctly.  I wouldn't know, probably never will since I'm stuck on that salad. (SN: I think their chopped salad has a facebook page.)   And the menu doesn't change often enough.Another downer is the fact that there is no audible music.  I'm on the fence if I'd want it there or not, but when I've gone, I notice I look around thinking, we could use some atmospheric music.  I also think that place would rock with a really good Jazz band playing live music there.Please don't get me wrong, this place has excellent service.  The fact of the matter is that I will definitely be back  CPH has the chance to earn 5 stars from me.
1	I think everyone is drunk who tries their food and leaves a review. I have no idea how right now they have 4.5 star rating and 426 reviews. Maybe it's the service in the dining area, but we weren't allowed to sit there. They made us sit at the bar even though there was a lot of open tables with waiters just standing around. Now the food was pretty bad. The lamb sandwich and was ok, but the french fries tasted like they came from the frozen food section. The grilled cheese sandwich was a greasy mess that did not taste good at all. I guess I should have ordered a beer and it would have tasted better, but I got just water and the food was definitely not very good.
5	The best place in Scottsdale to grab food and an even better place to grab a drink. If you are in Scottsdale, this place is not to be missed! Best Moscow Mule ever!
3	Cobb Salad was pretty good and unique. Worth it for sure. The filet and the scallops was also very good and recommended. Unfortunately, the service had a lot to be desired. We ordered drinks that never came, waters weren't refilled and although the staff was pleasant, they were not dialed in. It was Saturday, I would return, but on a slower night.
5	I love the creative menu here. Lots of traditional American plates with creative ingredients. Start it off with the Chop Salad and you'll know what I mean. Ribs with a Coffee rub were terrific. Definitely a future spot for business & casual dinners. The cocktails were good, with some interesting concoctions,  but I've had a better Manhattan in Scottsdale.
5	Very nice restaurant, our server Matt was friendly, genuine and knowledgeable.  The food was great, the mac and cheese was amazing (we try it at every restaurant we go to), cant wait to go back!
4	The coffee rubbed short rib here KICKS ASS. Great food, great little find in Scottsdale.
4	I loved the chopped salad, the buttermilk chicken, and the peanut butter dessert.  So many different flavors that blended so well.  The service was AWESOME, with a perfect atmosphere.  You won't regret coming here!
5	Great food!  Great waitstaff!  Love their desserts!
4	*Reviewing cocktails only*I have not eaten here yet but if the cocktail quality is met or surpassed by the food, this is a huge winner.  The bartenders know their stuff and they use amazing ingredients like the antique formula vermouth (this stuff is $30 a bottle!) and luxardo cherries ($20 a jar).  My test is always to order a mescal drink and let the bartender make up what he/she wants with it.  I've had several of them and they've all been on par with some of the best cocktail places in SF, NY and Chicago.  My only small ding is the prices are high for Scottsdale.  SF has an average of $10 a cocktail at a respectable place... maybe $12.  I've paid $13.50+ at CPH.  Not a huge deal, but you get what you pay for here.
3	I would give 3 1/2 stars if I could, husband agreed.  The service was phenomenal and the atmosphere was great.  Their chopped salad really is something special.  But, I was quite disappointed in receiving 3 medium size scallops for dinner. And I didn't find the other dishes I tasted great.  For the money, I just can't rate the food any better than this.
4	4.5 starsWhile in Scottsdale for work, I came across Citizen Public House. Good food, good drinks and good times. All of these are true. Tom, our bartender, for most of the night, as we sat at the bar was incredibly friendly. After hearing it was our first time, he tossed us some free bacon popcorn (popcorn with bacon lardons on top). The drinks here are top notch. At happy hour (4-6) you can get half price beers and half price on many cocktails. They have a bunch of house aged cocktails which are killer.The food here is not to be missed. The chicken, yes, i said the Chicken, is great. Sure, most restaurants have chicken on the menu as their throw away dish, not here. Here they braise the breast in buttermilk and serve it will Brussels Sprouts and a sweet corn and butter bean succotash. I also tasted the house made pork belly pastrami. Everything here is great, and the bartenders are all friendly.If you are here for business or pleasure, you want to stop at citizen public house.
2	Won't go back. Building was nice, clean. Wait was short. Waiter pushed his suggestions instead of listening to what we wanted. Food seemed to be designed more on how exotic the ingredients sounded instead of how they might actually taste together. "shredded arugula with capers and a mango habenero mojo".   Stuff like that.
4	Went for restaurant week, while visiting Phoenix and it did not disappoint.  Great staple entrees done really really well.  I had the chopped salad (yummy!!) the meatloaf, which was extra large, I have dinner for tomorrow night too, and then the peanut butter and banana bread pudding, yum yum but put me over on the full scale.  All for 30 bucks.  Very happy with my choice to come here.I rarely give 5 stars so 4 stars is damn good in my book.
5	I have been this restaurant many times and have never had a bad experience. Great food, drinks, atmosphere and service. One of my favorite places in the area! Keep up the great work! I would give a 10 out of 5 if I could! You can tell the people that work here really care about what they do. The service is always excellent and the food is consistently awesome in every way.
5	Great outside on the patio.  Pretty noisy inside if you want to have a conversation.  great value for the $30 special for restaurant week.  Great, attentive service without being intrusive.
5	awesome meal - we hit the first day of Restaurant week by chance and had the opportunity to have the Prix Fix menu - awesome scallops, chicken, and yeah, the Chop Salad is as unbelievable as your server says it is.
4	We were really excited about trying this place on our trip to Scottsdale and were a little dismayed to learn it was Restaurant Week when we arrived (in Denver, Restaurant Week can sometimes mean a decline in food quality and service...). We decided to order off the regular menu and everything we got was so delicious. The burrata was great and was served on top of an eggplant puree--I hadn't burrata served like that before, but really enjoyed it. I ordered the rockfish which was great; however, the curried millet with okra that it was served with stole the show for me. I seriously could eat that every day and might have to try to recreate it at home. My husband ordered a fish that was the special for the evening. I can't remember what it was, nor did I try it (isn't this review incredibly helpful??) but he did say he loved it and ate every bit, so that can't be a bad thing ;) Peach and berry pie for dessert was great, although it was heavy on the berries and light on the peach. But who can really complain about that? The service was great; our server was attentive and the food was timed nicely. Overall a great experience!
5	Great! Busy in a good way. A lot of pretty people, but the drinks and chow prove this place is legit. First, the barkeeps aren't hick town slingers. Enjoyed a Sazarac so smooth I should have bought it breakfast. Piggy & Waffle app made me wonder why the folks in the South stick with chicken... Damn! Roasted chicken and Brussels sprouts was not messing around, though the mantra "never eat anyone's meatloaf but your mothers's" was reinforced with a nice attempt, but not a home run. Dessert, drinks, wine, and service were all fantastic. Big recommend.
5	Great food. Unique mixed drinks. Their chopped salad may be the best salad ever eaten.
5	Great food.  We ordered several dishes and each had it's own unique flavor.  Both the meatloaf and the scallops were excellent.  They also make a good Moscow Mule.  Service was great as well.  If you're in town, stop by.  You can't go wrong.
5	The dinner and drinks at Citizen Public House were out of this world! My dining companions drank the Im-port, made with house made tobacco & leather infused bitters-- seriously???  They raved about it!  My club soda was also poured to perfection.  I think they should make it a feature on the menu.As an appetizer we had the pork belly pastrami, which is served with rye spaetzle, and brussels sprout sauerkraut.  It was delicious.  I had a little of the chopped salad.  It was delicious as always.  It is originally from the Cowboy Ciao menu, and has been a favorite of mine (and everyone else) for years.   The soup of the day was the tomato bisque, and it was very good too.  The scallops were perfectly cooked.  I sampled some of the beef short ribs.  They were some of the best ribs I have eaten in years.  I would definitely order them the next time I dine at CPH.  For dessert we shared the PB & B bread pudding.  It was the only thing that I didn't love.   It was a little dry.
2	Really not sure what all the hype is about.  Ate here about 3 weeks ago and it was nothing but forgetful - no really had to look at menu to figure out what we ate...  He -  the scallops, they were good enoughShe (me) - the short ribs.  Not very tender and just OK.  I can make them better.  Burrata was our starter -  Good but again nothing that left any real impression.Not the type of place that left me thinking "Gosh I cant wait to return".  Probably wont.
5	Came here for restaurant week and I was impressed!  The chopped salad was interesting, looked beautiful, and very tasty.  The scallops were cooked well and the grits were creamy and delicious.  I scraped up every last bit of grit off the plate.  The PB&B banana pudding was good though I did wish I had chosen the mint chocolate cake instead.  For restaurant week I usually slightly lower my expectations knowing that the kitchen is preparing large quantities of the same dishes for less $$, but Citizen Public House did not disappoint!
4	Great atmosphere, great service, great drinks, good food. Yes, the chopped salad is amazing. Lamb burger is solid, but the other entrees at my table (meatloaf and scallops) weren't anything to write home about. Would definitely come back to sit at the bar for a cocktail or two and try some more of the apps.
2	Meh. Mediocre at best. Service was horrible. It took 20 min to get drinks and then we were asked if we would like to order appetizers.  I may have enjoyed the food but I was turned off by the service.
5	Coulda been a 4 star rating but the excellent customer service makes CPH a 5-star in my book.Once we were seated our waiter Matt greeted us and made us feel welcome. His easy going demeanor and sense of humor make CPH look good and he could teach lessons to some waiters I've known. CPH makes their own barrel cocktails aged and flavored right in the restaurant. We were undecided on which to try ($5 each during happy hour, usually $12) so Matt brought us a sample of each. All were interesting and unique and we ended up ordering the Negroni, the Pyrat Eye the Craftsman along with an appetizer of rosemary nuts and green olives. Great way to start a meal!Our dishes included the Seared Scallops (heaven on a plate), the Fried Bologna Sandwich (delicious mortadella and pistachios) and the Grilled Lamb Loin (perfectly cooked and seasoned). Dinner cocktails included the Citi-Zen, a pear vodka concoction topped with rock candy; the Hot Pink Paloma, a paloma with a light, zesty pepper taste; and a Persian, made with wild tea vodka and cucumber...super refreshing!Finished dinner with Irish Coffee and a take home bag of bacon brittle. While dining we noticed two employees putting two tables together for a party and actually taking the time to adjust the lighting so as to make sure none of the ceiling lights would be in any of the incoming diners eyes. Impressive and caring enough to make sure all the details were right.
3	I thought this place was good! Great atmosphere, but not sure what the hype is about. Maybe I ordered the wrong plate (roasted chicken for restaurant week). The famous chopped salad was really good. I will give them that. I would come back to CPH, but I won't race back.
5	Citizen Public House is awesome! I've been here twice now, and am wondering why I don't go more often. The food, drinks, & service is impeccable, and the ambiance is great. Here's the breakdown of what I've tried so far:- bacon popcorn: you really can't go wrong with popcorn cooked in bacon fat and bacon pieces- chopped salad: this salad has it's own facebook page for a reason, I had a sample of this at an event and that is what brought me here to begin with. https://www.facebook.com/TheOriginalChoppedSalad?fref=ts- watermelon & halloumi salad: marinated sweet watermelon chunks with tangy halloumi, so good- pork belly pastrami: simple but so flavorful- burrata: creamy goodness, fresh ingredients, you can't not like this- scallops: generously sized scallops with bacon, cooked perfectly- rockfish: served with a mild curry sauce, also cooked perfectly, also a generous portionI would highly recommend Citizen as it's one of my favorite Phoenix restaurants!
4	This is a great place for sophisticated, but reasonably priced food!  We've been here a couple times and everything that we've ordered was delicious.  You can't go wrong with the scallops and the duck.  We will definitely go back!
2	I'm not sure what the hype is about.The good:  Great space (Atmosphere, crowd, ambiance, decor), great service.The okay:  Food was mediocre.  Seriously, everyone at the table was not impressed with their meal.  Bad night?   I appreciate chef's exploring, but do that on your own time.  The chef was trying to be creative, I get that.  But the flavors, textures and aromas - nothing harmonized. I literally had an upset stomach afterwards.Anywhos, if you're looking for a kitschy place to take a date and not worrying about an impressive meal, this is your place.  Or if you just want cocktails, this is the place.
4	I enjoyed my visit to Citizen Public House last night  ....We had a handful of yummy apps.  My favorites were the WaterMelon Argula Salad & Crab Cakes.   Not to be overlooked, was the adult beverage menu.  I was sold on the Persian Cucumber cocktail.   #YumMy friend ordered the Bacon Brittle to-go, from the Desert Menu.   Do yourself a favor and skip that.   It's a slippery slope to lighting bacon-flavored candles in your home.Certainly going back.  Good Service & nice Atmosphere.
5	Everything was very good, especially the chopped salad, get the chopped salad! I had it weeks ago and I still think about it...The restaurant was beautiful and the service was nice.
5	This place rocks. The real deal.  Late night menu is a real treat.  Superb mixologists at the bar.  Mind blowing cocktails.  High quality food that's fresh and scrumptious.  I love going here prior to partying in Old Town Scottsdale.  Very sexy establishment.
5	I kept saying "I haven't been to Citizen Public House" and everyone was like "What?".  I can say I have been and I have enjoyed every visit.  You have the best Mixologists I have come across!  Those crazy concoctions are AMAZING!  My favorites include the Old Fashioned and Manhattan.  I have been told by a close source, Mandi B., that the Handcrafted Sangria is delicious.  The Hummus & Tzatziki is the best I have ever tasted.  Everything tastes so fresh and good.  The Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn is a fantastic starter.  I have only been here for drinks and light bites.  The Chopped Salad was the best salad I've ever tasted and I hate salads.  I need to come back and try some items off the dinner menu to have the whole CPH experience!  P.S.  CPH has social hour everyday 3-6pm!!!
3	Great COBB salad, lamb burger was alright but nothing great.
4	I've been to CPH 3 times now and will definitely be back again. The scallop dish Is a must as is the short ribs. My dining partner ordered the yellow tail special which was excellent. Lets face it, you can get scallops and short ribs at a lot of restaurants  but not of this quality and price, most dish's are $20 to $25. What CPH does is deliver consistently high quality food at great value, add in the good service and friendly staff and you don't have to wonder why this has become a local favorite.I'd be remiss if I didn't give a shout out to the bar manager and mixologist Tom, his craft cocktails are a great, I'm a fan of the Boulvardier.
5	Best drinks for your money in town if you like whiskey and gin.
4	The atmosphere is quite fun with energy and great for couples and groups. Moderate level of noise. Simple but nice design. Great area for walking around Old Town! I ordered the Sangria, which is house made and it was quite good but a bit sweet for my liking. The scallops were from Maine and the entire dish was enjoyable but scallops were more gritty than normal (I love scallops). The purred grits that they are served over top of was very tasty and it will give you a cream fix for those who don't, or can't eat cream based sauces. I can't usually do desert but I was able to love and tolerate the flour-less, gluten free chocolate mint cake. It was more like a fudge but way lighter! I also had a a nice glass of ice wine from Canada (the best area by far for ice wine) and it was perfect!  The waitress (Cat) was very very sweet and pleasantly knowledgable about the menu. Perfect for this type of Restaurant, while attentive and happy! This is a fine stop in Scottsdale.
3	I couldn't wait to try this place. All the reviews and word of mouth were so positive that I felt that I was going in for an awesome experience. Well, I was somewhat let down. Despite the restaurant's success and  I am happy for them,  I found it impossible to carry a conversation with my friend without constantly having the repeat myself....and that just got old real quick.As we sat down, I already knew I wanted out. The food was okay...definitely not blown away. I had the lamb sandwich as I wanted something that hopefully would not take long to make and minimize my time...so bottomline, what could have been a great experience simply wasn't...and the noise was just unbearable and exhausting. Gastropub maybe, just not the place for me....definitely not a romantic joint....My friend had the steak salad, and all there was were greens and meat...no other veggies ...just thought t looked kinda bland and boring.
2	i tried the chowder that tasted like a ingredients simply dumped in water and served.
4	Cocktails are where it's at.  Happening bar and great quality food.  Servers have always been extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  Reminds me of back East a bit.
4	I received a gift certificate to Citizen Public House for my birthday so I decided to take a few friends. The food was great and the service was even better. They even gave me a drink on the house for bringing people in. The cocktails are good but not the best, the drinks are much better upstairs. Highly recommended to anyone looking for a good place to eat/drink in the Old Town Scottsdale area.
4	I came here for a girls night out while I was in town.  Didn't realize it was affiliated with Cowboy Caio.  No wonder they have the same amazing salad :)  The atmosphere was casual with that Scottsdale feel.  Food, wine and dessert were all great!  Definitely a nice place to have a nice dinner and spend time with friends/family.
2	The cocktails are great and so is the chopped salad. That's it. Had two entrees and an app and they were just ok. Waiter was so sweet but honestly I cannot believe how many people don't have good taste and gave this place 5 stars. Next time I go, I will sit at bar, have some drinks and a chopped salad and be done.
4	If there's a place in old town that you can rely on for quality in food and service, this is the place.  You get what you paid for.  Based on my last few visits, it seems to always be busy, which as you know is a great sign.  This is a place where you come for a date, birthday or just about any type of occasion you can think of.  These are what I consistently get and enjoy:+ Chopped Salad: BOMB.  You cannot come here and not get this.  If you don't have a big appetite, this is a must.  The corn, salmon and dressing does it for me every time.  You just can't go wrong here.+ Lamb Burger: Its very tasty and juicy.  It can be a little messy if you mishandle it.  So I suggest just slicing it in the middle.  + Kale Caesar Salad: BOMB.  Kale is a super vegetable that is packed with nutrients.  They make the Kale anti-bitter with a great balanced Ceasar dressing, served with a cheesy, toasty bread! Some things can break your wallet but if you manage to try to share your plates in your party, you will walk out okay.  Drinks aren't too pricey.  But if you want to keep the night going, I suggest heading up to their sister bar, Citizen R+D, a speakeasy that is around the building and requires a secret phone call to reserve a table.There's not much to complain about really.  For its consistency and quality, I will always have them on my go to places.
5	Can't go wrong with anything on the menu! A culinary delight!
3	The restaurant has a really nice ambiance, especially for a gastropub. The service was fine, nothing poor or exceptional about it. They have a great drink menu, with good inexpensive drinks (local beers for $5-10) as well as fine wines for the special occasion. The food was good quality and very fresh, but the taste of my entree, the lamb burger, was average. All in all I will go again and try some of the other food.
5	Our son gave us a gift card for my birthday after researching on Yelp!, and the card was waiting for us on arrival.  Located in beautiful Old Scottsdale, this wonderful gastropub is beautiful and trendy, and the food is to die for!  Our server Chris was amazing and recommended the Chainbreaker brew on draft since the Four Peaks Hef was no longer available, and it was delish and we both had two.  We started out with the bacon-fat heirloom popcorn, which my wife didn't care for, but I loved.  Hey, I'm a guy and there was crumbles of warm bacon all through it.  Then we both split their famous chopped salad, which Chris brought to the table unchopped and chopped right before our eyes.  Honestly, I got cold chills with the first bite!  Hands down one of the best tastes ever in a salad, with salmon, tomato, arugula, couscous, etc. (recipe on Facebook,) and delicious homemade Buttermilk ranch dressing--perfection, and we could have eaten a whole one but wanted to save room for more delights to come.  Chris recommended the scallops, which I had already had my eye on, so my wife ordered the buttermilk roasted chicken, served over sweet corn-butter succotash with roasted Brussels sprouts.  Moist and delicious!  My scallops were wrapped in Tender Belly Hampshire bacon, nestled in a bed of roasted corn grits and topped with wilted snow pea greens (yum!) and drizzled with a cola gastrique.  Tenderest and most tasty scallops ever.  By the end of the night manager Owen stopped by to visit--he had been staring at our names for over a month on his bulletin board and he wanted  to put a face with our names.  Chris joined us for the sit down and we had a wonderful conversation. Wanting to try the peanut butter bread pudding, Chris recommended the Guiness pudding jar instead, which was a stout infused chocolate pot de creme over a chocolate shortbread cookie, topped with Irish whiskey crema and two chocolate shortbread cookies on the side, and served in an actual small jar with lid. I threatened to take off Chris' hand when he reached to clear the plate with the remains of the last cookie still on it!  Overall, a perfect night with perfect food and service in a warm inviting atmosphere.  It does NOT get any better than this!  Thank you my son!
4	The food here is outstanding. I've tried most everything on the menu, and I can't say enough good things about the scallops, steak, chopped salad, all of the salads really...OH, and the drinks. AMAZING! One of the best places in town for a drink. Everything is fresh, real juice etc.So why four stars? On the multiple times I've been to public house and on only about 1/2 of them has the service and wait time been good. The other 1/2 of the time the service has been extremely slow. This is especially annoying when you are getting take out or looking for a quick meal. Last time I went to public house I sat for 1.5 hours waiting for only a chopped salad. My friend who was with me waited just as long for her watermelon salad. In spite of the wait times and the service, Public House has wonderful food and is def. worth a try! However, I would not go if you are pressed for time.
5	I've had the pleasure of having drinks multiple times at Citizen Public House and each time it gets better and better.  The mixologist, Brandon, is one of the best up and coming cocktail makers around.  This past Saturday we finally indulged and enjoyed a meal at CPH and it was amazing.  The chopped salad really is the best in Arizona and the service and food was exceptional.  Highly recommended!
4	Only been here once so far, but found the people very friendly and the food and wine was good. We will definitely be back!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in the world, and that's really saying a lot considering how much I eat out. I've eaten here at least a dozen times and I doubt it will ever get old. I cannot rave enough about this place: it's unpretentious, reasonably priced, AMAZING food.Here's a TIP: order appetizers. You'll save a lot of money and that's where the chef's really show off. The chop salad is, of course, amazing. And the Mac & Cheese WILL be the best you've ever tried. As for entrees, the bacon-wrapped scallops are my favorite that I've tried.The desserts here have been known to make my friends and I cry from emotion. I'm not kidding, my best friend had a brownie that actually brought tears of emotion to her eyes. I highly recommend Citizen Public House. I love that they always change their menu and I can't wait to go again.
5	This review is for my second trip to CPH.It was a special family affair that brought us back.  We were celebrating joint 50th Birthdays with our two children.We arrived prior to 6 Pm and were able to order some of the reduced Happy hour drinks and bar appetisers.  I good value.  I did order one of the barrel drinks for $5.  It was ok, and for a few bucks more, i would have preferred my regular gin and tonic. Too much flavor and spice in the barrel drinks for me palette.We had the bacon popcorn and fondue as bar appetiserrs, both excellent.  For entrees we had the meatloaf, the scallops, the black cherry roasted short ribs and I had the grilled cheese.  There were also all wonderful.  Well prepared and presented.  Our waiter was suberp and it made for a ncie evening.Noise level was not so bad until the place started hopping around 8 PM.  Then the noise level was a bit much for us old fuddy duddities.
4	Visiting Scottsdale for the week for work and found this place while walking around Old Scottsdale. I had an early dinner and wasn't that hungry so I ordered two appetizers for dinner. The chopped salad was excellent and very unique. It has smoked salad, roasted corn and an really great house dressing. I loved it. I also had the pork belly pastrami. It comes over rye spetzel and a tasty slaw. It was. It as good as the chopped salad, but it was very good. Service was excellent. The resturaunt has a cool vibe and an excellent bar / drink menu. It is not a 2 $ restaurant. The bill was $37 with tip and 1 beer. Despite that I would recommend it.
5	Truly superb from appetizers to entrees.My wife took me to CPH for my birthday.  It was amazing.  Again, AMAZING.Apps: Pork Belly was sublime with perfect meat and memorable flavors.  Tracy's chopped salad earned a smile at first bite.  Our little girl liked the mac & cheese.Had the ribs for our dinners.  BEST.  RIBS.  EVER.  The cherry-based BBQ sauce was grin-worthy.  Greens were cooked perfectly and the mashed yams/potatoes combined perfectly.  And the bread pudding was loved by all.The staff fit us in even though we didn't have a reservation.  I think they were kind to us since we had a baby in tow.  The front staff made faces and cooed at her.Kat took care of us and earned her 25% tip.  Orders were fast; apps hit quickly followed shortly by entrees once the first plates were cleared; drinks never went more than half empty; and she was our 5-year old hit it off.
5	Love this place! The space is loud and vibrant with an interesting mix of people.  Food and drinks were delicious with service being attentive without being overbearing. Had the Piggy & Waffle, lamb loin and scallops, and drank the Citi-zen, Sazerac, and Hot Pink Paloma. Food was especially tasty, and drinks were also good.  Looking forward to many return visits!
5	Cuatro Reyes Caterers, from New York, flew in to do the Taco Explosion event in Scottsdale before the Craftoport wedding. After some hard work and serious wedding partying we dined at CPH. Gary, our waiter, could have made Taco Bell seem like a good idea but instead he was working with some seriously well executed victuals. The much overused pork belly got new life with their pastrami pork belly presentation. The oft mentioned chopped salad was really that good. Make sure you try their scallops. Six east coast food pros loved them... those who whine "How can you get seafood in the desert" need to simply accept that jets exist and quiet down. And then there was the short ribs entree. Lusciously braised then magically seared to form a crust. By the time you get to CPH the menu will have changed. If the staff remains, especially Gary, have no fear, a great meal is here!
5	This place was so good when we went on a Thursday night that we returned Sunday evening.  The servers were all personable and described the menu precisely.  Then again bacon popcorn doesn't require much more describing.  It was fabulous.We ordered many plates and shared them among the 6 of us.  Everything was delicious but the short ribs and pork belly pastrami were top of the list.  The portions are big enough to share and the salads are outstanding vegetarian options.Do not miss this gem
5	Absolutely lives up to the hype. Service is excellent and efficient; very attentive without hovering around too much. The food was all fabulous; I tried the popcorn, local field green salad, and pan-seared scallop dish, with a Craftsman to drink. Highlights include the clearly fresh-made salad dressing options (lemon mint vinaigrette and mustard fig vinaigrette are incredible!) and the scallops were cooked perfectly, and went nicely with the creamy corn grits and bacon on top. The bartenders mix a nice cocktail too! Definitely recommend and will be back!
5	I'm always skeptical about going to a nice restaurant with the kids - will there be something for them to eat?  will the servers be accommodating and nice to my kids? will it be noisy enough to cancel out the occasional yelling of the toddler?Citizen Public House met all our needs and exceeded every expectation.  For starters, they have a TON of gluten free items.  I don't mean salad and broiled chicken.  I mean battered pork fingers and corn waffles.  We were thrilled, major bonus!  Then, the meatloaf was amazing - not traditional mushy meat loaf but not so "out there" that the toddler wouldn't eat it, so another huge bonus there.Finally, the noise level was just right - we could talk without yelling, didn't hear anyone else's conversations, but there was still plenty of sound and buzz so that it felt totally crowded and fun...and the little guy could make some noise without disturbing anyone else.The server was excellent, the busser brought our straws out neatly on a napkin.  Food came out quickly but not so fast that it felt like we were being rushed.  Service was attentive and polite and everyone treated my kids like guests, not pests which I really appreciate since they order as much as adults do and I expect that they should be treated as customers.Thanks Citizen Public House for a great evening out for the whole family!
5	The food is simple but about as perfect as it gets. The chopped salad is a unique combination of textures that will blow your mind. Gordon Ramsey himself would lick the plate! I followed it with the lamb burger which was delivered a perfect medium rare. The home-made ketchup was delicious on its own, and the pickled root vegetables were the perfect accompaniment. Wow wow wow.
4	Awesome food and drinks. I have been here many times and I am always pleased. My favorite is The Chopped salad.
2	We went here for dinner last night. To start, the $$ rating is very misleading. The prices are on the high side. The chop salad was amazing per the previous reviews but the entrees we ordered, Lamb Burger and Chicken, were both overcooked and very dry. I can see going back here for a happy hour but never for dinner. Just not worth it.
5	Like football there are 3 phases to a good restaurant. Good food, good service, and good drinks. Citizens public house is one of those places that does all 3 phases exceptionally well. I have eaten here numerous times and the service is always up to par. Knowledgable staff who isn't afraid to suggest dishes or drinks and will be attentive through the duration of your meal. The drinks are some of the best in the valley. If you are being really adventurous try the speakeasy style bar upstairs where thy will turn vodka into gin table side. It's a pretty great experience. Finally and most importantly, the food is outstanding. You have to try the pork pastrami which is a deconstructed version of the sandwich with succulent pork belly, sauerkraut and spaetzle. The truffled grilled cheese is amazing layered with gooey cheese and potatoes. Do yourself a favor and add bacon which really takes this sandwich to the next level adding texture and some needed salt. Keeping on the pork them their short ribs are also outstanding. All the deserts are made by Tracey Dempsey and are delicious. You really can't go wrong with anyone of them, but if your full take a bag of the bacon pecan brittle home. You won't regret it.
4	Good food, attentive service, tasty drinks but you have to be ok with noise - it's loud!
5	Amazing!This place has a very inviting atmosphere, delicious food, and great service.  I have been there 3 times and had a different server every time.  At every occasion they were thoughtful, friendly, intuitive and ready to do anything to make you happy.  If you don't like your drink (all drinks are unique and delicious) just ask for a new one and it will be replaced.  The food is great as well.  They make everything with love! Try the chopped salad and ribs!  The pork belly pastrami is to die for as well!2 Thumbs up!Great date place!
5	I really enjoyed this restaurant.  It exceeded my expectations in every metric:  The staff was knowledgeable in their beer and wine selection, the waiter was able to provide information on how the food is prepared and about the flavor combinations.  The servers were attentive, and the food lived up to the waiter's boasts.
5	Love it! This was our third time and this time we brought friends. Everything we've tried has been fantastic. The pork belly pastrami, the meatloaf, the filet, short ribs and that jar of Guiness chocolate mousse!! WOW. They have real mixologists that can make any cocktail and make it well. Great vibe. Always seems to be busy, so make a res. Noise level is really high, but that's not a negative for us.
2	Perhaps we just went on a bad night? Ordered the wrong things off of the Late Night menu?I was SO excited to check this place out, especially after reading the many great reviews on the food and service here. I'm sad to report that our experience lacked the luster that I was so looking forward to. :(Off of the Late Night menu we ordered the ribs, wings, and hummus & tzatziki. The ribs had nice texture, but there was no flavor to it at all! Same with the wings. It literally tasted like the wings had been sitting on the counter the whole day, and someone just threw a bunch of extra sauce on top of the wings before serving it to us. Not pleasant to eat at all.The hummus & tzatziki, though? Very good. What really disappointed me about this meal is that it seemed as though our server KNEW that the food was going to turn out pretty badly. He asked us if the food we ordered was enough for us, but never asked if we were enjoying the meal. When I proceeded to let him know that I thought the food was "okay" his response was...and I quote..."yeah, but is it ENOUGH?" I didn't think it was a very polite or appropriate response.It also didn't help that he got our order wrong...twice. He even asked us to repeat our order three times, and he still brought out the wrong dish. Maybe he was trying to discreetly tell us that we didn't choose good dishes?Regardless, I'm not going to go out of my way to try this place again. Perhaps if I'm in the area, I'll give the real menu (and not the Late Night menu) a go, but at this point, I'm not entirely sure it would be worth it.If you do decide to try this place, hope your experience is better than mine!
5	The best chopped salad I ever had, it does deserve (and has) it's own Facebook page :) I came for happy hour and the prices were very affordable, all under $10 bucks.For dinner, our server was so knowledgable, we can just hungry for an entree but got sold on a 3 course meal. Everything tasted delicious, I will be back!
5	Amazing!Chopped salad is a must!  We tried to order a different salad and our waiter changed our mind.  Thank you!  We ordered the short ribs and the scallops.  The short ribs were cooked to perfection.  The cherry bbq sauce simply wow!  The scallops all I can say is everything is a little better with bacon.  Oh and the scallops paired with roasted corn grits - I can't wait to come back - dreamy.The only minus was the Moscow Mule.  Served in a big tin cup. Liked the drinks but did not like the cucumber in the drink.  Wasn't a big deal - removed the cucumber.
3	Had the popcorn with bacon for an appetizer - it was ok, but nothing great. We split the chicken and waffles - not bad, but not maybe I'm just not a fan of chicken & waffles in general (don't hate me). But - we also ordered the short rib, which was quite delicious! It came with some greens that were quite un-delicious and we didn't take more than 1 bite of them. If you try it, get there early otherwise it gets VERY loud inside and you'll be yelling across the table to have a conversation.
3	I had been wanting to try CPH for awhile, so when a friend suggested we go for a joint birthday celebration I jumped at the chance!  The interior and vibe is cool, although I did find it to be a tad on the noisy side, but that is not the reason for the three stars.  I only gave three stars because I was really disappointed in the food, maybe my expectations were too high, but I felt let down.We started with the Pork Belly Pastrami, and while it tasted good, we weren't blown away.  I love spaetzle, but I found this version to be dry.  We did enjoy the chopped salad, I wasn't sure that I would because I am not a fan of salmon, but it was by far the best dish we had, but I didn't love it enough to warrant a return visit.I had heard such great things about the seared scallop dish, and it was served with things that I love...bacon...spinach...grits...it should have been a winner, but it was not!  The scallops were really mushy, and the cola gastrique was overwhelmingly sweet and overpowered everything else on the plate.  I didn't even bother eating the third scallop....it was sad :(  By friend ordered the Pacific Rockfish, it was cooked fine, but it was bland and the other stuff on the plate really didn't add anything or make it taste any better.Since we were celebrating, and still hungry because we didn't eat all of our sub-par entrees, we ordered dessert.  We got the PB&B Bread Pudding, it was rich and delicious, with banana ice cream, peanut butter and chocolate all swirled together.  We enjoyed the dessert a lot, so it made up for our lackluster dinners.Maybe since it was a Wednesday it was an off night, but I would be hesitant to try it again anytime soon.
5	This place deserves all of the hype that it gets. I came here a while back and can't boast enough about how delicious everything is. Get the Original Chopped Salad. Its enough for 2-4 people to share, and it's one of the best salads (if not THE best) I've ever had. Coming here was the first time I've ever tried scallops, and I this may have been the best place to take that chance--they were undeniably incredible. I will be back to CPH again to try everything on the menu. Seriously. It's that good.Overall, if you're looking for a delicious meal with great ambiance, go to CPH. There's a reason so many people love it.
4	I love this place the food is awesome especially happy hour and I especially like the soft shell crab sandwich and the steak kabobs! I
5	Our group of 3 wandered in after 10pm looking for something to soak up the booze. Luckily, one of our 3 just happened to be the Duke, and boy were we treated well!I ordered the pork belly appy - and it was everything I've ever wanted in a small bite. Pork belly pastrami. Rye spaetzle. Brussel sprout sauerkraut. Mustard jus. I will never look at a Rueben the same way ever again. This took something so comforting and elevated it. My mouth still waters just thinking about it. Service was great! Definitely looking forward to my next meal here!
5	Consistently a great dining experience with a creative menu and a cool vibe. If it's your first time, definitely start wih the Chopped Salad, no matter what you think of salad. It's the best. I had the scallops over a corn risotto and cola glaze. My wife had the buttermilk chicken, which had a surprisingly nice, spicy kick. Both definitely delivered. Fun, helpful staff as well. Can't go wrong with CPH.
5	I think I've subconsciously avoided writing this review in hopes that no one else would find my favorite my Manhattan joint... well that didn't work so here goes! Hands down best cocktails in old town, everything from their sangria to their Manhattans are made fresh and it's clear the recipes have been thoroughly tested. Same goes for the food.  We mostly go for the drinks and the reverse happy hour appetizers, but their dinner menu is also superb.  There isn't a huge vegetarian selection, but what they do have is tasty and filling.  Some of my favorites are the kiltlifter fondue, hummus, burrata and kale starter, and the truffle grilled cheese.  I've honestly never made it to dessert because there is never any room. Someday... but as long as they keep up the quality I'll be a CPH superfan for life =)
5	Wow!!! Amazing food and our waiter Gary was outstanding!! Gary's recommendations were spot on and entertaining. We started with drinks, which were very original and delicious. We ordered the chopped salad to split, for an appetizer, yummy. For our main courses we had the meatloaf( a true "meat" loaf, very flavorful and filling), the short ribs( so tender they fell off the bone with a mouth watering BBQ sauce), the scallops( perfectly cooked with an amazing sauce), and the fish of the day on a risotto( mmmmmm, delicious). For desert we split the berry cobbler with a lemon ice cream...Wow, a perfect end to a perfect meal!As locals, we can't wait to come back and ask for Gary!
3	Went for dinner as a party of three.  I absolutely LoVeD the Original Chopped Salad!  Enough to check out and "like" its very own Facebook page.  I ordered right.  Five stars for my choice.  We weren't terribly famished so we ordered a couple of sandwiches and the appetizer crab cake and decided to share.   The gourmet grilled cheese sounded wonderful. Meh.  None of us were impressed  or even satisfied.  The mashed potatoes really don't belong there, and their choice of cheeses was way to strong for us.  Presentation however was five star all around.The fried bologna was a yum for two of the three of us and the crab cake was good.Service was good.  Maybe we need to come back and order something off the dinner entree menu.That bring said, definitely order The Original Chopped Salad and try an entree!
2	We went because of the high reviews. I really like the dark atmosphere, nice staff, and the drink menu. The Citizen is an awesome drink. Unfortunately, we weren't impressed by the food. The chopped salad was interesting, but I wouldn't order it for a dinner appetizer again. The grilled cheese I had to send back because it was melty yummy cheese, it was rubbery weird tasting cheese. The chicken entree was just okay, nothing special and the pork belly app didn't impress either. Maybe we picked the wrong items, but I don't think we'd go back for dinner.
4	Came here for Restaurant Week as the reviews for this place seemed pretty stellar.  First things first, outstanding service (almost alarmingly so).  Our server Gary took great pains to ensure the four of us had a good experience and were taken care of.  Props to Gary for going the extra mile for us.  Now to the food.  Again, went with the restaurant week menu for this visit.  For the appetizer I of course went with the chopped salad.  As expected it was outstanding.  Great presentation, tons of tasty ingredients, and just the right portion.  I think the chopped salad at Cowboy Ciao might be a little better, but just barely.  For the main course I went with the scallops that were covered with greens, tiny pieces of bacon, and doused in a cream corn sauce.  Great dish.  Portion was healthy but not over top.  I had a piece of the buttermilk chicken dish from my girlfriend's plate and that was also good.  For dessert I had the caramel bread pudding.  Portion was fairly small, but tasted good and when all was said and done I didn't feel uncomfortably full.The reason I dock one point wasn't the food or the service, but the noise.  I literally had to yell across the table for everyone to hear me.  The acoustics are such that even the smallest noise bounces everywhere.  Probably wouldn't be a big deal if I were just hanging out at the bar, but I didn't think the sounds would be so overpowering in a sit down restaurant.Overall though, cool place and great food.  Just make sure your vocal chords are adequately prepared.
5	How can a salad be that good? Really, a salad?But WOW .. the chopped salad is just that crazy good!The drinks are top notch and excellently made.We had the mac and cheese to start and it was perfection.We will be back for sure!
2	restaurant week menu not great. very small salad and three notvery large scallops for main course. service barely mediocre.server never asked if we wanted coffee or  whatever for dessert. presented check without being asked for it. runnershad no idea who got any of the courses. server never asked howthe food was. had much better experience at previous visit.
5	If you go here make sure Gary is your waiter. What an incredible person. Kind, enthusiastic, and personable. The food was also great. The chopped salad is a must!
4	Went here because of restaurant week and just had to try the "famous" chop salad.  I am wondering if that was the regular size or a smaller portion as part of the meal.  The scallops were huge so getting 3 is no biggie, I am actually about to eat the rest of it.  My hubby got the lamb burger, he loves lamb, and it was really good but a little greasy/oily on the bottom.  He liked the fries with the cardamom ketchup but I didn't care for them, but I did really enjoy the "pickles".The restaurant is open but with that come loudness, the acoustics aren't very good.  Really liked how the bathroom looked and how the stalls didn't make you feel like you were trapped in a tiny box.The host guys were super friendly, both on the phone and in person, I called today to make a reservation but ended showing up an hour early.  Bussers quickly came by with water and Kent introduced himself as our server.  Dinner started a bit disappointing and my side plate was dirty but then became much better after the first round of food came.  Will definitely go back again.
5	Always a pleasure to dine at Citizen Public House! Great service, delicious food, and relaxing atmosphere... equals an exceptional dining experience.
3	Great food, good selection of wine, and killer drinks.  It was unfortunate that the only way to carry on a conversation was to shout.  Even the music seemed to be piped up louder due to the noise generated by everyone talking.  It's a shame that the ambiance of the restaurant was spoiled by so much volume.  You can even here it overcome you when to walk past the front door.
2	I had dinner at the bar on a very busy night. If you plan to go here, make reservations.The staff was friendly and accommodating, the bartender made a delicious drink full of interesting spices called "The Persian".My biggest disappointment was the food. Some say that this is the next Food Mecca of America. I disagree TOTALLY. I had a chance to try three dishes:Truffle Grilled Cheese-Tasted like slightly cheesy potato on breadLamb Burger- No flavor. The kennebec fries tasted odd, but went well with maple syrup.Piggy & Waffle- I think this was the best dish out of the three, but it was just ok. At least the pork was moist.Overall, I think this place just tries too hard.2/5 Might come back to try the chopped salad.
5	Just had another dinner at Citizen and they did it again... The food and the service is impeccable. That chop salad is to die for (and I'm not a salad person). Gary is amazing!  Best service best food can't complain can only rave!
4	This place has the best chopped salad and is worth it every time. The other food is so-so, but the atmosphere is calm, but it is normally busy. Be ready to make a reservation.
2	Be careful with this place.....took friends out for dinner and they added on an extra filet mignon meal....yes their most expensive item on their menu!!  We almost paid it but caught it last minute and when we bring it to the waiters attention he is NOT apologetic AT ALL.....just brings the bill back adjusted and doesn't even apologize!!  Food was good but that experience did not make it worth it....
4	Great food, fun atmosphere
5	Good food, nice setting.  Nice date place.  Had a few appetizers and was greatly surprised.  We had mac n cheese, crab cakes and their signature salad.  I hate salads but this salad was well thought out.  Best appetizer.  Main course, you have to try the Lamb Burger...sooo awesome.  Ketchup was home made and a little too sweet for my taste but fries were good.  Highly recommend!
4	Food was good. I got the lamb burger, and my fiance got the meatloaf. The lamb burger was delicious, and the patty was thick. The burger was on a cibatta bun, which was also really good. The fries were good, but nothing to write home about. The house made ketchup was really good...it tastes nothing like heinz, but I really liked it. The meatloaf was a good size and was served over a mashed potatoes. The portions were excellent for the price. I would come back for sure. My only gripe was that the waiter was a bit pushy.
3	This place reminds me of one of those hip/cosmopolitan restaurants in Manhattan I used to walk by when I was a student at NYU that I couldn't afford. I like that look and, after feeling good about the reviews, decided to join three old friends for dinner.Everyone is dead right about the chopped salad. Damn! I'm not a huge salad eater but I could have this one every day.  The perfect starter dish.On to the main courses.  I had the Truffle Grilled Cheese sandwich. Meh. It was OK, not great.  Two of my friends ordered the filet mignon. One loved it, the other - not so much. She said it was OK but they smothered it with sauce. At $32 I'm not sure why you'd do that to a perfectly good piece of meat.  Another friend had the lamb burger. She said it was fine but probably would order something else the next time.Bottom line - mixed reviews on the main courses - go for the salad!
4	We came here at 5:30 on a Friday and it was dead...that was fine with us! We had dinner reservations at 7 PM with friends but we were too hungry to wait at home haha. The drinks are STRONG, just FYI. You can't complain about that ; )  I love Moscow Mules and they were strong and good here.We sat at the bar and had the hummus and pita just to curb our hunger. It was good and seemed fresh. We left and decided to walk around Old Town a bit....when we got back at 7PM it was PACKED. Thank goodness we had reservations! And it was LOUD!! I have never been in such a loud restaurant. That's fine with me, but just be prepared for your waiter to have to get close and speak loudly to you. Yes, the chopped salad is as good as everyone says. How? I don't know! I think it's the large couscous, salmon, dried fruit/seeds, and buttermilk dressing combo. Ha. I ordered the scallops which were AWESOME and I am not a huge fan of scallops. We finished with the PBandB Pudding Jar. YUM!!! The prices are a bit high but you are also paying for the location right in Old Town Scottsdale. And FYI, you will be surrounded by some $30K millionaires. Ehh, it comes with the territory. This place is popular so make a reservation for sure!!
5	Chopped salad is truly an original, I'd describe it as the bi bim bap of salads. The scallops were highly recommended and they should be. The bourbon selection is top notch as well.
5	Love the service, love the fondue, love love love the chop salad. Delicious all around!
5	Ahhhhhhmazing food and service. Chopped salad, truffle grilled cheese and scallops were all delish! Prices were very reasonable. Service was excellent.  Vibe was good. 5 stars!
5	This was hands down the best meal I had during my recent trip to Phoenix.Our waiter was very friendly and helpful - walking us through the menu, making suggestions, and just being overall very pleasant.My husband and I started with the Pork Belly Pastrami, which was tender and delicious.  We scarfed down the whole thing.For entrees, I went with the scallops and grits.  The scallops were nicely prepared, but I could have eaten a whole bowl of just the grits with bacon. Mm - so so good.My husband had the short ribs which were definitely the right way to go.  They were delicious.And, even though we were both too full to move, I really wanted to try the bread pudding, so we went for it.  So. worth. it.  The only unfortunate thing was that at 8:00 on the Sunday night before Columbus day, the restaurant was pretty much empty.  I would have expected more of a crowd - it felt a little ... i don't know..not happening. But, despite the lack of a crowd, this place stands on its food and service and I will definitely be back the next time I'm in AZ
5	Amazing food and drink combos, service was excellent! We sat at the bar and had a great experience, highly recommend this place
4	We were in Old Town and hungry on a summer afternoon, and went in on a whim.  Well not a whim, as the Yelp reviews were good and the posted menu looked awesome.  We had the highly rated items, which were also put forth by our server:  Chopped Salad, pork belly, and the sushi-grade scallops.  Yes the salad was good, but it's a salad.  It won't bring world peace.  However, the pork belly and scallop preps that day WILL change the world.  For the better.  These are hands-down the best scallops I have had in a long time.  And I am a snob ;).  Service was efficient and friendly.  I could see the crowd being annoying (for my taste) on a busy night, but the food is seriously good and the setting is comfortable.  I will be back for another afternoon snack.
4	First, I must say I love Citizen Public House.  I've eaten here four or five times and every meal has been delicious.  My favorite so far is the Scallops but the meatloaf is great too as is the filet.  The Chopped salad is a must have!!  And they make kick ass drinks here.   The only thing keeping me from giving this place 5 stars is the overly attentive service.  The service can make of break a restaurant and the service here is good, but on two different occasions while I was dining here the servers kept interrupting to ask if we needed anything.  I was enjoying my company and conversation and both times had to let the server know to back off a bit.  And they didn't.  I appreciate attentiveness but this was too much.  I'd appreciate a little presence and intuitiveness over the constant tending to.   I won't let the minor complaint keep me away from this delicious food.
5	Good ipas to go with the lamb burger. The lamb burger (comes with tzaziki sauce and a bunch of vegetables) and fries are a good portion and quite filling. Good service.
5	Fantastic food, excellent prices. Only issue, service a little slow but, we were not in a hurry.
5	FANTASTIC experience from start to finish. On arrival, we were greeted by a few witty, friendly, and funny staff. We sat on the patio which was beautifully lit with string lights. The ambiance of the restaurant was spectacular. Our server, Jeremy, was terrific. His recommendations did not disappoint and he was conversational, upbeat, accommodating, and attentive. We shared macaroni and cheese for an appetizer which was out of this world. I enjoyed the pan seared scallops and bacon and corn grits, while my husband ordered the short ribs with mashed parsnip. Both dishes were decadent and delicious. We enjoyed every bite. We shared a sticky bun bread pudding and a PB&B jar for dessert. Both were amazing! The desserts are seriously an art.If you're into crafty cocktails, this is your place. GREAT experience - will definitely visit Citizen again!
5	I went to CPH with my siblings on a Saturday night and we had a blast. I felt like we were actually in a restaurant in NYC. Tables are fairly close together and it was packed, but nothing overwhelming. The cocktails are fantastic and we each ordered a few to try and share. Every plate we ordered was delicious, except for the dessert. We ordered some flour less mint thing (I think?) which wasn't that great, but everything else made up for it.Nice location-- right in Old Town, easy parking, and definitely a fun place to go if you're looking to splurge on a night out.
5	Holy crap! Their Chopped salad is to die for. Order it! Also their fried bologna sandwich is divine and has so many great textures and flavors that blend perfectly together. I keep craving that rum punch cocktail and they definitely make an honest drink... Which they should since they are a little pricey. Happy hour is good though!
4	Went here last night with a friend and really enjoyed it. We sat at the bar and the bartender was very friendly and knowledgeable about the questions we were asking about their specialty cocktails and "barrel cocktails".  They had a great selection of wine, cocktails, spirits, and beers. They even have the barrel aged cocktails that they make, my friend got ' The Craftsman' and it was excellent. I went with my drink of the moment, a Moscow Mule, and they had a little twist to it with cucumbers. Their drinks are on the pricier side but they have some great specials during happy hour.Their Chopped Salad is like nothing I have ever experienced, so different from any other with unique items but the ingredients go so good together! This is their most famous item and I now know why- excellent!.  Didn't have dinner but did decide to satisfy a sweet tooth craving and got the Sticky Bun Bread Pudding and The PB & B Pudding Jar. The PB & B was soooooooo good!Overall had a great atmosphere and I can't wait to go back and try their entrees because they sounded delicious!
5	We moved to Scottsdale from St Paul a week and a half ago and we have been to CPH twice. The first time was about a month ago when we took a trip down to apartment hunt and the second was Halloween evening right after getting into town. We sat at the bar both times and chatted with the bartender, Brandon (?). Very, very nice guy. They have Kim Crawford on the wine list, which is one of our favorites so we ordered a couple glasses of that. We wanted a snack but nothing too heavy. The bartender suggested we get the chopped salad and being new to town and not knowing anything about anything, we trusted his suggestion. OMG. So delicious. I thought I would be disappointed seeing as you can get a chopped salad anywhere, but this salad is out of this world. I don't remember what all is in it, but it is fantastic. The salmon is like butter it's so perfect and melts in your mouth. We got to talking with the bartender and we work in the service industry up in Minnesota and Brandon gave us a service industry discount. So nice. The second time we went we each got our own salad and scraped the bowls. The bartender even remembered us! I got the Citizen cocktail which comes with a rock candy garnish which I thought was really cool. We wanted to get an entree, but with small wallets, we decided we would wait until next time. Thanks CPH! You have a couple new fans.
5	Yep...everyone else is right. The Chopped Salad is something else. Do it!!! Great service at the bar...amazing house smoked Tasso Ham...and that salad?! Crazy good.
5	First time in Scottsdale AZ. Originally from San Francisco, CA. Loved the food. Just as good as what you may expect from a SF restaurant. I had crab cakes and the cos which were both great. The Cod was delicious and the veggies cooked perfectly. My dining partner had the scallops which were also great with the peanut butte jar for dessert. Great meal highly recommend!
5	Yes! I love walking into a place like this and feeling my bougie self get juiced up. Service was good. Great bar snacks and plenty of drink options during social hour, although I wish they used less gin and vermouth.  They may have had the best roasted nuts I ever had.  I already had dinner plans and didn't order an entree so I can't speak much about the actual food.  I did take a bite of my friend's cobb salad and it was pretty darn good, even though it reminded me of the smoked salmon salad at LGO.  I wish I got out of work earlier to catch their happy hour more frequently.
5	Great food, great service, great vibe. Amongst our group we had the rockfish, the buttermilk chicken, and the truffle grilled cheese - all were excellent. My chicken came with some perfectly prepared Brussel sprouts. Of particular note, however, is the chopped salad. This is unlike other chopped salads that you have ever had. It apparently has its own Facebook page. All that I know is that it is really, really goodCPH is in a great location. Our server was very knowledgable and engaging. The atmosphere is an attractive mix of hip and old school. I would definitely recommend Citizen Public House to anyone who finds themselves in Scottsdale
3	We were Restaurant Hopping and this was last on our list.I loved the outdoor/indoor seating and location of this hot new dining spot!But as for the items we had....the only thing good was the chopped salad and service. We tried the Crab Cakes (too much red peeper not enough crab)  &  Bread Pudding (which was too hard to cut through). Now after saying that I would definitely go back for the atmosphere and chopped salad because the chopped kale with the pesto ranch salad dressing was absolutely delicious and I would like to try some of the other menu items.
5	Service, cuisine, drinks and desert... 5 stars across the board. Chef, you've created a phenomenal menu and Gary, you made that first trip worthy of so many more. Thanks for taking the time to go through the entire menu making dinner and date night perfect!
5	Hubby & I celebrated our 8yr anniversary here!  We loved it all!  The chopped salad, short ribs, scallops and ended with the delicious sticky bun bread pudding!The cocktails were also delightful!  The service was exceptional, as well!
3	Mixed review-  Wine was very good. Service was okay. Nice atmosphere... a little bit on the dark side though... we sat at a high top near the bar and my friend had to use her phone to read the menu.... so I'd consider that slightly too dark to be comfortable.  On to the food- Bacon Popcorn, yes, absolutely, yes.  If I do return it will be solely for the bacon popcorn and drinks.  Short rib- don't do it. Whenever I see short ribs, I have to get them. This just did not meet expectations. The greens were gritty and the parsnips were much too sweet. All I ate on the plate was the meat, and for 25 (or 28?) dollars, I think the accompaniments should be good also.Meatloaf (friend had it)- excellent! Great meatloaf, mashed potatoes were yummy, and roasted zucchini was very good.   The dessert was not memorable- I remember we didn't finish it, but thats all I can remember (and it's only been 5 days!) At the end of the day, there are better places in Scottsdale.
5	Went last night for a drink and a little nosh with some coworkers. I didn't want to come here but the four girls I was with drag me in. I started of with a Manhattan and I love a good Manhattan, so I usually watch over the bartender when making them. I've seen it all from shaking one to using cherry juice and if I'm paying $10+ I want it done right. Our bartender out did me. He was on point and it was a perfect Manhattan. Thanks buddy. I order the cheese fondue and for a late night snack it was amazing. I pretty sure I got like 3 bits in before the girls attacked it. (I'm still raving to my friends about that bacon popcorn). I'll be back for dinner soon.
4	Really good place! Awesome music, good mixology, good food, good staff...why not come here?I consider myself a foodie and their food was definitely worth coming. The short ribs and lamb loin were fantastic! Definitely would suggest. Bread pudding wasn't that great and I was pretty disappointed - though the waiter did suggest not getting it, I should have listened because he made great drink and entree suggestions.I would absolutely come back and you should try it if you haven't.
5	Everything is SO good. I kind of laughed when the host told me their best dish was the chopped salad and then it had a link to Facebook under the description of the salad. Ordered it anyways. It is incredible. At our table we had ribs, scallops, and steak. I mean across the board the meats were so perfectly cooked. I can't wait to go back. Such good food. Their chef must be quite talented. Oh and also, their customer service is impeccable.
1	Meh....not really sure what the hype is all about?  The food is not that great and the prices are outrageous!  Had the chopped salad and it was good, we have had something similar before though. My hubby had the scallops and I had the grilled cheese. Nothing wow about either one. We can say we went, we tried, we defiantly  payed but we will not be going back.  Sorry
5	Awesome service and great food. The host was so great he remembered my name as we were leaving on a busy Saturday night.
5	The word "amazing" came up often in our description of food.  Choppped Salad, chicken & waffles, fondue. Ribs, meat loaf & duck. The atmosphere was great. The staff were friendly and courteous. It was quite obvious why this is a must go to restaurant.
5	Sweet service and excellent food.  I am not a foodie, so I am always impressed with food no matter the place.  I had the meatloaf (amazing!) with a side of zucchini and the chopped salad.  My friend split an order of scallops with her husband.  If you are in Scottsdale, or anywhere in the East Valley area, stop by.  We loved it and will return.
5	We had a great experience here.  First, a great bartender while we waited for our table. After seated, the great service continued.  Our server was one of the best.  We made sure to share this with his manager who was also great.  Food: scallops were excellent.  So was the meatloaf.  I highly recommend this place!  I will return if I'm in the area again.
4	Citizens public is a really chic place, especially on a fri or sat night before going out. I love the indoor / outdoor feel created by the large doors at the front of the building. Interior decor is classic fine dining elegance with minimalist qualities. R and D is the upstairs speakeasy joint, you should definitely check that out as well, after dinner. Be sure to check with the host on getting up to R and D as that part can be tricky. When I first went to Cit pub almost a year ago I was enticed by their Moscow Mule served traditionally in a copper cup, with a garnishing of a sugar sucker. It's a very good mule. I tried the chop salad and while all my girlfriends die over it, it's not my thing. I didn't enjoy the separation of flavors and didn't overall like the ingredient mix, but I'm sort of particular so I encourage you to try that salad for yourself. It's pretty famous. I had the chicken entree which has a delicious sauce, was not dry, and had a lovely hash type bean and brussel sprout thing on the bottom of the plate. It was amazing, definitely a step up from not loving the salad last time. I paired it with their better rose available by the glass. Wonderful meal and highly recommend eating at this restaurant soon.
5	Love the atmosphere, and delicious food!! I had the white truffle grilled cheese and their Filet Mignon. I think that was the best grilled cheese I had, EVER!! Definitely recommend getting that. You can't really go to wrong with a Filet Mignon, so it was delicious- nothing too special.
5	Happy Hour...so far so good!  Love the vibe!
4	Excellent food and service. The place had many positive reviews on Yelp and they were for the most part accurate. My friends and I enjoyed our dinners and drinks. We will definitely be back on our next trip to Scottsdale.
4	Great drinks, great bar, great fried pork and waffles! We will be back. Oh crap, the bacon popcorn was amazing!
5	Awesome place, great bar staff, cool happy hour, and the bacon popcorn and rosemary roasted nuts are phenomenal !
5	It might be premature after only one visit to give this place five stars but if it's not it's awful darn close to five stars as I couldn't find one darn thing wrong with our dinner or service we had here. The room is a bit on the dark side but it's crisp linen and shiny silverware. The menu goes from very casual with bar food to sandwiches to maybe about a half dozen dinners.Upton entering we were greeted warmly and whisked to a table. Our server was very professional, explained the specials and was friendly. The cocktails we tried were good and also packed punch.We started with a special appetizer of an all house made plate of Tasso that came with  mustard and pickles. Everything was excellent even the pickled okra and pickled watermelon rind.My plate of Pacific Rock-fish with curry millet and stewed okra and tomatoes was delicious as well. The fish was fresh, seasoned and prepared well. The curry millet was a curry for curry lovers meaning full strength flavor and was an interesting healthy alternative grain to use. Bird seed just never tasted that good before. I sort of feared stewed okra because I have had it before and didn't enjoy it's texture but in this dish it was enjoyable and anybody would like it because it had a fresh crispness to it and picked up the delicious sweet flavor of the small tomatoes.I was too busy with my plate to try my husband's Amaro Meatloaf but he said it was very good and also enjoyed the potatoes. he said, "they taste just like your potatoes" I take that as a compliment.The waiter described a very refined adult style nut butter and boozy fruit sandwich as dessert that I wanted to try but unfortunately I was too busy with my plate to have room for it. Very very good  don't know if everything on menu is as good as what we tried but what we tried was excellent.
5	Excellent ambiance. If this place was in a slightly better location they would be unstoppable. Regardless they do so many things right. Excellent food, and old school bartenders that actually take pride in the cocktails they prepare. Very impressed.
3	I have Mixed feelings on Citizen Public House. I truly want to love it more than I do and because if that I've been here about 3 different times. I almost wish I could write two seperate reviews. If I were writing this simply on the drinks the service and the atmosphere I would give them a solid 5 stars. I just feel like for me, the food is a hit or miss. The first time I came in was for my boyfriends birthday. We eat out almost every meal and were so excited to try Citizens public house. I had called before hand to make the reservation and they seated us in a great location.  The service was top notch. I dont remember our servers name but he was fantastic. We ordered three smaller plates to share and every thing was just ok. The Chop Salad: Our server told us we had to try it. This is something that they are known for. We both thought it was good but not overly fantastic. I honestly expected more. Presentation wise it was really prettyThe Kilt Lifter Fondue: So-So once again not overly impressed. The idea of fondue is fun but i wanted just a little more. The Truffle Grilled Cheese: They honestly need to take this off the menu. It is aweful. It tasted like someone just put a huge mass of potatos on bread and called it a day. DO NOT ORDER THIS.  PB&B Pudding jar: Yum im a fan. Im a sucker for anything with caramel and bannana and this hit the spot. I dont remember the drinks we ordered but they were all great. They know what there doing behind the bar. We left that night a little dissapointed. I still left the server a great tip because he was awesome and deserved it but I wish the food had reflected the service. Ok So now for EXPERIENCE #2:I came in with a girlfriend for restraunt week and had a Fantastic time. We were seated in the same great place as before. Our server this time wasnt as great as the guy Id had before but he was a gem. They have somewhat of a pr-eset menu for restraunt week so heres what we ordered: Squash soup: Not always on the menu. It was a little bland but over all good. Its hard to make butternut squash soup pop. I was happy. The Pan Seared Scallops: OH MY GOSH YUM. These scallops are fantastic!!! The corn grits they are served on are to die for and the cola gastrique is Awesome. This dish is killer and I would come back for them. I even ordered them at thei sister restaurant the gladly. Amaro Meatloaf: The meatloaf was huge!! I only tasted one bite because it was my friends but she loved it and the bite I took was great as well. Tasted as good as moms meatloaf!! The only quam we had with this was My friend had asked to switch the veggies it was served with and our waiter just  flat out said no. She could have at least asked the kitchen for us.PB&B Bread Pudding: I feel like it was different than the first time id had it. Maybe not in a jar? Still good though!!Now for the drinks: The Sangria here is the Bomb. I dont know what they put in it but man is it good. I also love the Citi-zen cocktail. So Yummy! and they put a rock candy stir stick on top which is so cute!!!Iv'e also been in before just to sit at the bar for drinks no food and the experiances are always good. Like I said before the guys behind the bar know their stuff.Alright so I have mixed feelings, One Blah experience and one great experience. Im conviced that the main courses here are all awesome and we just oredered the wrong items the first time so I still reccomend this place to people. I really Want To love Citizen Public and there are parts of it that I do.
4	The food was very good and creative. I enjoyed the scallops, the flavor was balanced with the corn grits. Bread pudding was amazing and I am not big on bread pudding.  Pork belly appetizer was a little bit of a disappointment, not as much flavor.
5	I just moved here and a friend came to visit. I was looking for a fun place with good food.   Citizen Public House did not disappoint. The staff was friendly, accommodating, and gave excellent recomendations. The drinks were excellent. The chopped salad was a great start. The short rib was tender and flavorful. I have allergies, and when the desert had nuts that we didn't know about, the waiter ran off and got me a desert I could have. I can't wait to go back.  My only complaint was that I was so full I could not eat the whole next day.
4	good food
5	Me and my husband like to go here any time we are in town from California. We have never been disappointed with a dish or drink. The chopped salad is amazing, the short rib w/ cherry bbq sauce is to die for and their desserts are typically super yummy too!
4	Loved the mood, atmosphere, service and the food was very tasty.  Try the Pork Belly and Butternut Squash for apps, followed by the juicy Filet Mignon.
5	Seriously good food.
2	Service was great but food was disappointing. Pork belly was too greasy and my short ribs were way too sweet. Mashed parsnips were sickly sweet with an odd aftertaste. The fries with the lamb burger had a strange texture. I don't think they used the right potatoes.  I really wanted to love this place from all the great reviews but am truly left disappointed.
3	Meh, it's OK. The world famous salad is just OK. Service is good though.
3	I really wanted to like Citizen Public House because the reviews are so amazing, I thought it was ok.  It always bothers me when I sit down at a table in a nice restaurant and the table cloth is dirty and my plate was not clean...  On the plus side, the service was good.  It was a nice surprise to have the chopped salad, that's a favorite.  I had duck and it was good - it came with sweet potato hash and greens - both good also, could use a little kick - but I like really spicy food!
2	The best thing about this place was our funny waiter. The fries texture felt like they were rolled in fur. Drinks were decent. Lamb was nothing special. One visit was enough.
5	I wish this restaurant had a location in NYC.First night on vacation in Scottsdale, we chose this restaurant based on the excellent yelp reviews and zagat ratings. It did not let us down!Chopped salad was definitely one of the best salads I've ever had. What a unique combination of ingredients that totally worked. Short ribs were divine. My boyfriend got the piggy and waffle app which was his favorite part of the meal (although he also really enjoyed the meatloaf). I don't eat pork but I tasted the waffle and it was excellent. We shared the peanut butter banana pudding dessert and it was really really good- better than I even expected based on the description. My cocktail, the Protege, was excellent too. So interesting and complex. Our server was very helpful and friendly. If you are in Scottsdale, definitely don't miss this place.
4	Delicious meal & original cocktails Pros:- nice menu but fairly limited for vegetarians - awesome cocktails w in house spirits- good wine selection & reasonable prices- great service - super attentive & funCons:- Ono was slightly over cooked - hummus not very flavorful
5	I'll be honest and admit I really don't expect that much from dining in Phoenix outside the basics but Citizen Public House exceeded expectations. In short, Cowboy Ciao on steroids, which probably isn't an accident since it is owned by the former executive chef of the latter. As both a date venue and a group outing for both cocktails and a full meal it delivers:- Moe'scow Mule (~$10): A heavily poured Moscow Mule in a stylized metal urn with cucumber set the appropriate tone- Pork belly pastrami ($13): Paternal favorite and juicy, smooth merger of dishes- The Original Chopped Salad ($12): Not as good as proper Burmese Tea Leaf salad but worthy as the closest thing I've ever had out of Western salad canon- Lamb burger ($13): Well-executed with delicious thick fries with homemade ketchupI need to return if for no other reason than to try the Bacon Brittle. I failed in that mission.Even my parents liked the place despite the New American-ness and it's unusual for us to agree on anything that isn't a steakhouse. If there is any negative, it is that it is a bit pricey but more worthy of the occasional splurge than most other choices I've tried in or above the range in the area. If I lived in PHX I'd be here as often as wallet and heart/stomach permitted.
3	My wife's company rented out the "upper room" area. We got to try multiple dishes. The mac and cheese was bomb. The chopped salad was amazing. The chicken was flavorful, but nothing amazing. The steak was ok, but had this disgusting mustard on it. Our bartender was very nice and showed us a lot of cool tricks, and some secrets about this place ;)
5	Excellent service and food and gluten free options were amazing. Chicken & waffle appetizer (gluten free) was awesome. Fish was large portion and delicious. We would definitely return and recommend to friends.
5	Tried the late night menu at the bar tonight, awesome food, awesome prices! Service was on point, thanks to Dustin! I greatly appreciate the industry discount for restaurant employees. We'll be back soon to try the full menu!
4	The chopped salad gets 5 stars, but the entrees get 3 stars, which puts me at an overall rating of 4. I had the scallops and grits...they were very flavorful, but a little too heavy on the oil.  Husband had meatloaf and said it was average.  We both loved the chopped salad though.  I wish it was a littlebit larger because I would be perfectly happy eating it as my entree.
4	My first time visiting this place and it was a great experience. We didn't have reservations, but the host was getting ready to seat 4 people to a table and that they would be freeing up 4 people from the bar, so BAM, we got seated at the bar in about 2 minutes. Branden was the bartender/waiter and was an absolute crack up. The food was fresh, drinks were great, and there is no reason not to go back.
5	Excellent food and service.  The meatloaf was phenomenal, as was the PB&B jar for dessert.
4	Food, atmosphere, and service was very good. I would go back next time in Phoenix.Chopped Salad was awesome!
4	Chopped salad, believe the hype :)  its very good.  I'm not vegetarian or a big salad eater but this salad is a great way to start your dinner, esp if shared.  Get the smoked salmon version okay.  What makes its special is the great mixture and variation in texture of the different ingredients.  And I am not a very selective palate eater and cannot usually detect any subtle differences, but this mixture of ingredients screams very soft, to soft to medium to medium hard to hard to crunchy.  Its very well balanced.I had meatloaf and it was very good, the sauce they use to coat the meatloaf gravy is very good.  My friend had the scallops and it was cooked very well.  Just right, not over cooked and rubbery or undercooked and raw.  U may think its not a big deal but trust me, not a lot of restaurants can do it properly.service here is top notch and everyone is very nice and polite.  the place is a little noisy and can get crowded which might make it a tad noisy to have conversation.  but its pretty good overall and I had a wonderful experience here.
4	Cool place, very good food. Prices are a bit high for what you get. Service is so-so.
2	So disappointed - this has been our "go to" restaurant to celebrate special occassions - Last night was our first not so great experience here.  We waited an unusually long time for our dinner.  The waitress finally came over and said "I just checked on your dinner because I felt like it was taking long and they are getting it ready to bring out"....an additional 20 minutes later, our dinner arrived. I was so looking forward to the duck that I have ordered at least three other times.  I guess I didn't read the menu closely because they changed the dish....and not for the better - instead of warm, creamy millet or grits under the duck - the duck sat on top of luke warm diced "sweet potato" hash that tasted like it had been prepared hours ago and not a cherry in sight.  Now an amazing dish is just average and I won't order it again.  One of our guest had the short rib and it looked as if it had sat under a light for a while - dry....he said it was ok.  I felt bad since I encouraged him to order that dish based on past experience.  The meatloaf was the only consistently good dish this time. Then, since it was a special occasion, we ordered the chocolate brownie dessert....I love chocolate and brownies but this was over the top sweet - I had one bite - our two guest the same and my hubby finished it because he didn't want to leave it.We will probably give CPH another shot to redeem this experience but it won't be for a while and I certainly won't order the duck if it is still prepared with the hash.
3	I came here as part of a large party (approximately 50 people).  The restaurant was convenient to the hotel.  It was nicely decorated but he space was VERY loud.  I can't stand this in restaurants.  Especially if one is conducting business.  The servers were very accommodating.  I enjoyed their hospitality.  They brought out a perfect Guinness.  They were always ready with refills and suggestions.  We were provided with some very good bruschetta and even better chicken pesto kabobs while we waited for the entres.But here is the rub.  We had a limited menu with 5 selections.  It took almost 90 minutes to get our food.  They had several other parties.  I do not know why they did not have additional staff.  But this is pretty inexcusable.  I will say that the scallops were exquisite!  They melted in your mouth.  The corn grits were also delicious although there could have been more grits on the plate.  Come on folks grits are $2 for a tractor trailer load.  How about an adult 3/4 cup portion?  Finally, they had some unidentified green on the scallops.  It did nothing for the meal except remind me of baling hay in high school.  This did remind me that I went to school to pay prices like these!?!
3	This is a fun place for drinks and food. The bar is in the middle of the large dining room. The restaurant is well-located in a hip lively area of Scottsdale, near the art walk and canal area. The food is pretty good for a gastropub, but what I really love about this place is the interesting mixed drinks..and oh by the way, food is decent too. Other reviewers have hit on the high food notes such as chopped salad, lamb burger, and scallops. I could settle for the apps, Midwestern Manhattan, and the atmosphere.
4	Located in Old Town Scottsdale, this gastropub has been one of my favorite restaurants due to their superb ingredients, consistency, originality, and service. The location is easy to miss on the street corner, and strangely I haven't had problems with parking in the amount of times I have been here.They open in the late afternoon and dim the lights once dinner hours kick in. The interior is underscored by a full bar in the middle surrounded by rows of tables and booths dressed in white tablecloths and small candles. Even though the atmosphere gets loud later in the evenings, the venue is a nice date spot or small gatherings.For appetizer, their Original Chopped Salad ($12) is a must get. The firm couscous, fresh arugula, corn, aged asiago, and smoked salmon was a delicious combination that gave pop and texture in every bite. I highly recommend it.Among the entrees, I top two dishes are the Smoked Duck Breast ($28) and Roasted Buttermilk Chicken ($20). The Smoked Duck Breast comes with two thick cuts of duck breast served tender and medium rare. The pieces were very soft to cut into with refined seasonings to go nicely with the sweet potato hash and braised greens. I wished the sweet potato could be a tad sweeter for a change of pace, but the greens were fresh and delicious to couple with the succulent duck. Kudos to the chef, I'm not sure how the Buttermilk Chicken came out so tender and full of flavor! It was served with corn-butter bean succotash, roasted Brussels sprouts, truffle oil, and pecorino Romano on top. The thick cut was grilled and impressively moist with a refined buttermilk flavor in the backdrop. It was simplicity mixed with complexity. This is a dish for those who do not like to take risks, but it's also one that will impress both foodies and non-foodies alike. The Fair Trade Short Ribs ($30) came with coffee rub, dried cherry BBQ sauce, roasted parsnip puree and seasonal veggies. The ribs lacked a desired smoky flavor, but it was nevertheless complex and cuts at the touch of knife. The ribs were moist, and the tangy and zesty cherry BBQ sauce gave it an added dimension. The parsnip puree round out the flavors to go in-between the meats. The Lamb Burger ($13) came with Serbian lepinja roll, pickled cucumber-onion tzatziki, and fries with house-made ketchup. The lamb was tender, super moist, with a detectable seasoning and good lamb flavor. The soft rolls held the burger together nicely, but for a dish this good, the fries could come with a few innovative dipping sauces other than ketchup. For dessert, I was not all that impressed with the Choco-Chile Bread Pudding ($10). The chili flavor could be more pointed to add to the scoop of tortilla ice cream and dulce de leche. The quality of the bread pudding was rather stiff, flavorless, and one-dimensional. I wished the bread pudding could have more flavors embedded, so it does not create a distinct separation between dull and rich flavors. Since the bread pudding came highly recommended by the server, I got the sense that dessert is not really their specialty.Service was very friendly, responsive, attentive, personable and knowledgeable. My meals were always nicely orchestrated, and the servers were extremely knowledgeable about the menu. One time I had a two year old at the dinner table and they were very accommodating with everything he needed. However, I wouldn't recommend this place for large groups. I tried to organize a large dinner and the person on the phone was not friendly and required a hefty minimum for drinks. Her requirements were quite unusual since I had organized many other dinner events at other restaurants in the past. Other than that, there's plenty to like about this place. I'd be happy to return to try their Happy Hour menu and other items such as the Grilled Cheese Sandwich and Mac n Cheese.Thanks to fellow Yelper Kurdy S for finding this place!
5	This place is wonderful.  We arrived during happy hour (Sundays until 6 PM) so several of the drinks were half-price as were several of the Appetizers. We had the original chop salad which was fantastic (rate it a 10) and was tossed at the table. We also had the butternut squash gnocchi which I would rate an 8.  We also had the Barada which is an eggplant, mozzarella,  grape tomatoes, kale and breadcrumb dish which i would rate a 9. The only negative of the entire experience was the pork belly pastrami which we found to be very fatty and had to return. Our waiter Sam was absolutely excellent and added to our experience greatly. Overall great Experience.
5	My husband and I went here for date night last night and it did not disappoint. The service was excellent, and the food was amazing. We split the Kilt Lifter Fondue appetizer, which had amazing flavor. My husband had the Amaro Meatloaf, and before he tasted it he was questioning if $20 was to much to spend on meatloaf; but after he ate it he said that it was worth every penny, and he even loved the roasted zucchini side. I had the Porcini Filet Mignon, which was one of the best steaks I've ever had. We then split the PB&B pudding jar, which was also fantastic.We also had a few of their drinks, and I really appreciated the fact that their drink menu is full of unique drinks you don't find at every other restaurant. My husband particularly loved The Im-Port.The atmosphere was nice also. More dressy than your everyday dining but also not overly snooty. Like I said, all in all this was a great dining experience and I'm sure we will go back. :)
5	Sam really made the night exceptional. His knowledge and enthusiasm guided an unparalleled dining experience. Loved the short ribs and of corse the DeLeon Tequilla.
4	I went to Gibson's in Chicago and never thought I'd find a steakhouse like that in Scottsdale... until I was introduced to Citizens. One of my best friends + her boyfriend are steak snobs and only eat steak at this restaurant. It was their birthday celebrations and they, of course, wanted dinner here before the party. The staff was so accommodating. They let me bring cakes for both of their birthdays (see photos) and checked on our group consistently the entire night. The manager is great friends with the couple so he made sure everything and everyone was well taken care of. The food was extraordinary. I ordered the short ribs the first time and the filet mignon during our second visit. The meat was very tender and full of seasoning (unlike most steakhouses). The short ribs come with this cherry BBQ sauce that is something I've never experienced before - but perfected the meal. Also, I'm kind of hooked on their house drink called The Citizen... but it is one sneaky ass drink! It takes like candy and you feel like you're just drinking juice... then after 15 minutes, you're drunk.Be mindful of the price of this establishment prior to your arrival. It's worth the amount but it is on the pricey side. If that's not an issue for you... go here and enjoy!
5	Pork belly pastrami. Need I say more?  It is one of the best meats I've ever tasted. Then served as a deconstructed rueben. The cocktails are well thought out and served with a flourish. My  Manhatten with a flamed orange peel. We had several starters. All well executed and served either hot or cold. Just as intended. The desserts are the final touch. Pudding in a jar and chocolate chocolate brownie. The perfect anniversary dinner.
4	A self proclaimed gastro-Pub. This was a great find. Thank you Phoenix magazine! Service was great, atmosphere nice, drinks well poured and food was excellent. I had the duck with sweet potato hash. Duck was tender with a crisp outside moist and Cooked perfectly. Great meal I will be back.
5	Pork Belly Pastrami - excellentChopped Salad - uniqueSmoked Duck Breast - deliciousBread Pudding - fantasticExcellent all around.
5	Very surprised and pleased with the food, service and ambiance. Our server, Gary, was very personable and attentive to our needs.The chopped salad is as good as it gets. No need to say more except to make sure you ordered it. Excellent size for sharing with another.The grilled ono was very good. Good piece of grilled ono on a bed of pecorino romano risotto cake, spicy arrabbiata, sauteed spinach, balsamic glaze. Highly recommended.
4	Old town Scottsdale for sure. Old Town prices on food, small portions but tasty. Prices on beers were fair for Old Town but nothing local and nothing too exciting beer wise, as is typical with Old Town the featured beverages are overpriced mixed drinks with fancy names-best to avoid them.  Food as I said had small portions but had an eclectic menu with a lot of variety and was prepared well.
5	Excellent chopped salad and short ribs
5	Everything about this place was awesome! Love the cocktails; especially the sangria...the best we've ever had. Order the piggy and waffles and loved it. It was an interesting combination that was fun to try.  Loved the atmosphere..very fun upscale restaurant full of beautiful people.
5	Food is very creative and slightly avant guard.Had the short rib with cherry bbq sauce and parsnip puree. It was absolutely delicious.Had two drinks, a Tom Collins and a margarita. Both were horrible. I mean just absolutely terrible and I should have sent them back. I've had better drinks from the bars on Mill Ave.It can get a little loud in there. And they don't have any cider; hardly befitting of a so called "Public House." But the food is excellent and they do seasonal menu changes.
4	Food was good but not great. Service was adequate but not what I would expect for that price and location. Probably wouldn't go back
4	Only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because the cocktails flat out suck.Food was pretty good, albeit small portions. We had room for dessert and we were not disappointed.Service was friendly.
5	We absolutely LOVED this place! We made reservations through our hotel and were seated very quickly after we got there. Our waiter, Gary, was AMAZING... and I don't use that word frivolously! He was friendly, fun, outgoing and totally made our visit exceptional. Note to other waitstaff - THIS is how you earn a big tip! The offerings on the menu all looked so good so we asked Gary for his recommendations for both our drinks and between a few of the entrees. He was very knowledgable about everything and went into detail about our options, asking us what we liked and making suggestions accordingly. Even though he was obviously very busy, he took the time with us to make sure we got what we were going to love. He even offered to get us new drinks if we didn't like what we ordered.Anyway, for food we ordered the meatloaf and side of mac n' cheese to split between my friend and I... per his suggestion that it would be a lot of food. They even split it on two plates for us and it was more than enough food... and I'm a pretty good eater! The meatloaf was absolutely awesome! I really liked the mac n' cheese too but my friend didn't love that it had a kind of spicy salsa topping - but that could be easily omitted. Sadly, we were too full (even after splitting an entree!) to order dessert! So bummed we missed out on this since everything looked so good. But we were going out dancing and didn't want to be stuffed.  Can't wait to go back when I'm in Scottsdale again! Thanks Gary and the rest of the nice staff!
5	I snuck in here with my co-pilot early for Happy Hour. Sat on the patio, Had THE MOST attentive and witty waiter who made good suggestions and explained some menu items. We did the olives and barrata to start. Barrata is a cheese dish. Like Italian Caprese salad on steroids. I had the short ribs, AWESOME. My cohort had the scallops. Wine list is great, beer selection was great. Never waited with an empty glass (IMPORTANT!!!) Also fun was watching people check  out our food as they wandered down after their Old Town shopping spree. Would definitely go back, probably to show my out of town visitors that AZ has some class!PS  Try the PB&J in a jar for dessert!
5	Went on Monday  was fab!  Luke & Thomas took such great care of us. Food n service were awesome. Will frequent this place.  Great new vibes!  Good job guys!! great vibe and look forward to many returns!
5	Excellent food, drinks and service. We go out a lot, dining on the best places and this one is definitely one of the best.
5	Had dinner our second night visiting Scottsdale from Los Angeles and I have to say, I was extremely impressed. We sat at the bar where both of the bartenders were extremely friendly, and truly knew the menu and what to recommend. We tried the Chopped Salad which was to die for, the scallops were amazing, the spare ribs were fabulous, and what can go wrong with popcorn with bacon added? Come on now. Definitely a place to try and a place to come back to!
5	I stopped in here for dinner with my parents who were visiting from Massachusetts.  Hands down, one of the best meals I've ever had.  My parents share that sentiment.  We started with some drinks (I had the very ginger/spicy Moe'scow Mule, and loved it) and shared two appetizers between the three of us: the Original Chopped Salad (smoked salmon, "trail mix", greens, freeze-dried sweet corn ... So good) and an off menu twist of the on-menu Bernie's Mac and Cheese: we had the three cheese blend, but served as a Fondue with bread, pears and a spicy meat (maybe a pastrami?) for dipping -- also amazing.  My father had short ribs, my mother had scallops, and I had duck (land, sea and air!) and all three were phenomenal.  The Smoked Duck Breast I had was cooked perfectly and will be the duck By which I measure all future duck meals.  My mother's scallops were so sweet and so tender (per our server, Chris, sushi grade) and the dried cherry barbecue sauce served with the short ribs was so uniquely sweet and spicy I left thinking of other meats it would taste good on!We'd originally planned on going elsewhere for desert afterwards but figured that as everything else was so good, a great desert was a likely possibility.  They did not disappoint. We finished the evening with the Choco-Chili Bread Pudding.  Not too sweet, just the right amount of spicy, and topped with a scoop of delicious tortilla ice cream. We left grinning ear to ear, so satisfied and recounting how tasty everything was for a good 45 minutes after the meal.  Do not pass this place by!
5	My friends and I came here as a big group for a birthday dinner. For some reason I thought this was more of a bar, but it is actually a foodie's delight! Our group was quite a handful (the drinks were flowing, therefore we were all very chatty... with everyone around us) but the server was SO nice and accommodating. None of us could decide on anything so we decided to get everything instead. My highlights...#1: Chopped salad. Doesn't sound like much but literally THE BEST SALAD EVER. It's probably not the healthiest salad in the world, but is so so so worth it.#2: Pan seared scallops. Perfect seared outside, nice smooth delicate inside. Delicious entree. Overall, great bar area for mingling/happy hour and a fantastic foodie spot as well.
5	Hipster cool and backs it up.  Great bar snacks - bacon popcorn ?  Of course!  Dropped in for a late Valentines Day dinner and was thrilled with the service and quality of food - great hand made cocktails too ...had filet - perfect rare with a nicely charred salty crust...wife had the Ono with a spicy tomato-based sauce.  Very well prepared!  Ill be back next time in in the Scottsdale area.  Cheers !
5	First and foremost they had so many nice servers. We had Gary as our server. He provided great recommendations and he interacted with our kid with such ease.  He made us feel so comfortable eating at the restaurant.  The food was pretty good as well.  We had the chopped salad and pork belly appetizer. The waffle and fried chicken was great if you don't mind a little heavy starter.  Cocktails were made to perfection.  The main course was the yummy scallop. The corn grits was between after each bite.   The Mignon filet was ok.  The chili bread pudding was a great closer,  but it was a bit on the dry side.  I can't get over the great service of this place.  I look up and there's someone to help me with everything i needed.  We are definitely returning to try other stuff.
4	Where to start? Lex is the manager and really helped me out for Valentines night. He put my preordered roses on our table and brought over our bottle of wine that I preordered. Our waiter was very cool and knowledgable. Atmosphere was great and very clean. My steak was amazing! Couldn't have been better. My wife's chicken however was not the same. Her chicken breast was very dry. We didn't say anything because we were not looking to stir things up on a great night. The dessert was amazing and you have to try it no matter how full you are. That's on point. So for the price we paid, that was the sad part. I'm going to email Lex to let him know and I'm sure they will fix the problem.
2	After all the great reviews I thought this would be a fun place to take some friends for a night out. Over priced, not even average food. pretentious atmosphere and pretty cruddy service. HUGE disappointment which just leaves me wondering if people think just because a place is in Scottsdale it's good. I honestly wanted to love it since I built the place up and was excited to try it out with my friends. Good points.... the area, they have great location.
5	Bravo.   Valentines day success.   We called at the last minute and got the best seat in the house on valentines day at 530PM.  We called for reso at 515Pm  Talk about accomodating.   We loved the seat on the patio, It would have been the seat I would have picked.  The place was packed, but that a couple left on the patio.  Great service at the door.  It was  a prefixe menu and wow did they kill it.  Me and the wifey had filet mignon that was to die for, and my mother and father in law had Scallops and Meatloaf.  Every dish was perfectly done.   Great beers and specialty drinks, wine was cool. We have a great server that hooked us up with wines for the happy hour@!  I had a great beer, one of my favorites. Guinness on tap.....mmmmmDessert was bread pudding and fudge cake with icecream...perfect for the sweet tooth in the crowd.  ME!     Bravo, thanks for being our heros for one night on Valentines, you saved the day!        We will be back,  best part, we live in Vegas and will visit you here too.  Since you have a location here.    Thanks again, great job!  5 Star Service and food, location , pretty stellar for a nighttime stroll on the streets of Scotttsdale for shopping and arts district shops.   5 STARS  All of em!
5	Possibly the best restaurant in Phoenix.  Thr service is amazing. Everyone is friendly. The chopped dalad changes lices. As does the beef belly BLT which is my favorite on the menu.
4	I almost gave this place 5 stars, but I really only give those out for "perfection."  I have to say that Citizen's Public House serves the best scallops in the city-- which is somewhat of a surprise.  They are never overcooked, and the grits they are served on are delicious as well.The prices are a little steep, but I will say that the quality of the food and the cocktails is very high.  Also, the serving staff is AMAZING and always very friendly.  Also, you can make a reservation through OpenTable, which is always quite handy.  I take out-of-town guests to CPH, and they have all really loved it.  Again, if the prices were a little lower and if the menu had just a few more choices, I would have given it 5 stars.
5	This place never ceases to amaze me.  The staff, service and food was incredible.  Let me mention the service- it was a Sunday evening and not too crowded, our group of 6, I have to admit we were a pain in the ass.......we DID have reservations, 1/3 of our party were running late (OK, it was me).....CPH not a problem.  Then when we finally all get there drinks at the bar chit chatting away...our table is ready.  We don't want to sit there, we want outside....CPH not a problem.  Ok, so it was another 20 minute wait, now we are getting kind of hungry, so we sit at our original table and order appetizers, but wait 2/3 of the party still want outside sitting!!!   CPH not a problem.An outside table for 6 is finally available so they move us (Ahhh....2 tables over), we get our appetizers and lucky for us we still get to keep our fabulous server and FINALLY the group is content. The food was fabulous!  I love going out with foodie friends because we all ordered something different from the menu.  We started with the original chopped salad and pork bellies and they were delicious!  Dinner, we basically order everything from the pan seared scallops, buttermilk chicken, meatloaf the fish and short ribs were all excellent!  Everything was absolutely delicious.  Back to the staff & service, I have to say were all fabulous and so accommodating.  Bravo!  I can't wait to bring new friends to experience this place ......and I promise we won't be PITA's.
2	After all the reviews - some from folks that I respect greatly - I'm hoping this was just an anomaly... so here goes...Food:  Chopped salad ... fantastic - but my dining companion and I ordered it to share, and when brought to the table, the server mixed it and divided it between the four diners - each just having a spoon full or two to taste.  Not wanting to embarrass anyone - we went with it ... but they should make note of that in the order and serve accordingly.  My short ribs were under-done - meat was cooked - but - short ribs require long and slow cooking to melt away the fat and leave the yummy goodness.  My meat was so loaded with fat that I spent most of my meal trying to find lumps of meat that were edible and separate from the heavy fat layer.  Fail.  The seasonal veggie appeared to  be swiss chard or something similar - tough - long strings - not a lot of flavor - not tender.  The parsnip puree was good.  Another diner had the meat loaf that the server praised.  Large portion - but very dense and not a lot of flavor - saved by the sauce from my short ribs.  Another companion had the filet and greatly enjoyed his.Drinks:  Moscow mule - so so - not overwhelmed with that.  The Citizen cocktail was enjoyed.  The Tilia malbec, Mendoza, Argentina wine - "one note".  Not good, not enjoyable.  Those who had the Sazerac really enjoyed that - though it was a very small serving in a small glass.  Service:  Our server was great - but almost too "animated" for my liking ... but over all (other than the salad situation) - service was good - though it took a LONG time between courses and also to have plates cleared.Atmosphere:  Nicely decorated and in a fun area of town.  BIGGEST complaint though is the noise level.  We couldn't hear the conversation of the folks sitting on the other side of the table - this after moving once to find a more quiet table.  There's nothing in the space to help deaden the sound - hard surfaces floor to ceiling - and perhaps - the architecture of the ceiling is the culprit.  Patio would have been nice - but it was taken by a private party.  Men's room needed a splash of clorox by the urinal ... Lastly - it was a bit on the warm side.Not sure I'll go back ... hate to risk a good evening at these prices.  Wish I could have had the meal so many others seem to have enjoyed.
4	If you passed Citizen by because of the "meh" exterior, then great! More for meeeeeeeeee! The drab atmosphere is easily forgotten once you've experienced an amazing meal from start to finish. If you're waiting at the bar for a table, don't miss the opportunity to have the bacon popcorn with your cocktail. Yes! I said it. BACON POPCORN! With real bacon. Be prepared for a wait Thursday-Saturday. Enjoy!
5	Sat at the bar last night and had the best time ever! Bartender took me through all the cocktails, helping me pick my first and second choices. Ordered the chop salad (yum) then the coffee-rubbed spare ribs. Holy moly, so good. Everyone there was so friendly and wonderful - even our busboy spent 5 minutes chatting with us about what we ordered. Seriously yum and such a good night!
3	Went in for drinks the other night. 3 drinks = $30. Yikes!
4	Aside from terrible, dried out, flavorless, & non-creative desserts that do not even come close to reflecting how remarkable the rest of their dishes are, this restaurant is fantastic. Their signature salad is incredible. Their "Persian" drink is wonderful & very refreshing. Great fish dishes & very tender chicken. Not the best acoustics. Very loud restaurant.
5	I can't believe it took me so long to try this place! The fondue was delish and came with sausage, bread and fresh pears. The pate was so incredible I almost forgot I was eating rabbit. The meatloaf is big enough for two and looks like a decadent dessert. Speaking of dessert, if you don't have room, be sure to take home a bag of bacon pecan brittle. YUM. Everything was perfect from the service to the presentation. Great food. Friendly atmosphere. Amazing value!!
4	Great place to take a date. Two recommendations- Amaro Meatloaf (food) and Midwest Manhattan (drink). You'll thank me later guys.
4	I've been here twice and always have had a good experience.  Being that there are a bunch of great restaurants in the area, Public House holds it's own, and I'd probably be back again.  This place is great for a quieter nice dinner before a night out for sure.  Sometimes I like to get away from places that are slammed and this place provides that opportunity for that.  It has more of an intimate setting, probably good for dates.They do have some nice drink selections but being fashioned after a gastropub, I'd say their beer selection is kind of weak.  But then again, I'm going here for the food, so let's say it's more gastro than pub.The food is all good.  Pork Belly Pastrami was amazing and so were the crab cakes, although portions are small, but I expected this.  I've had the meatloaf, which for meatloaf was damn good especially with the glaze.  I'm not really a meatloaf person, but thought it would be good and it was.  Scallops were also very well done.  A friend of mine ordered the mac n' cheese and didn't like it.  I thought she hates everything and tried it and was disappointed.  One might say, yeah but... mac & cheese?  I have had some, like at Smith & Wollensky's, which is unforgettable.  The staff has always been great.I know I'll be back here. To really go over the top for me I'm looking for something on the menu that I will crave.
5	This place has been a mainstay of mine for years.  The quality of food and service is always exemplary.  For the price, this place is hard to beat!  My usual is the burrata and/or the chop salad.  Their Manhattans are the best I've ever had!
5	We popped in for early dinner after catching the Giants v Reds spring training game at Scottsdale stadium. Had the flatbread with hummus and tzatziki dip for a starter and went with the chopped salad and the scallops for our entree's. PB&B for dessert. Everything was fantastic (especially the scallops on that bed of grits), including the service.
3	Came in with friends for cocktails.  Marian and I tried the Pyrat Eye for $5 each on the happy hour menu. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/citizen-public-house-scottsdale?select=qP8gnrbtP8N9BMaFlGh6vA#qP8gnrbtP8N9BMaFlGh6vA  Others had a Negroni HH special, a glass of pinot noir (half-off during HH), and Boulevardier (also $5 on HH).  I did not really like the dark rum cocktail.  The scent reminded me of rum and coke, which I never cared for when I tried it many, many years ago, and when I took a sip, did not get the satisfying cola taste at all, and instead came away tasting very bitter dark rum.  It certainly wasn't as unpalatable as I make it sound, since I did finish half of it.  I just wasn't a fan.  If you're all about getting drunk fast though, then this might be a drink for you!  Next time, I'll just stick to wine.When I felt the buzz coming on after only a few sips, I decided to go with the table bread that everyone had passed on earlier.  This prompted orders of Kiltlifter fondue and bacon popcorn from everyone else-- so happy!!  The cheese fondue paired the best with the toasted cubes of bread, although I skipped on the pear that Chrissy P. was loving!  (Pear doesn't like me very much.)  We all raved about the farmer's sausage from Shannon's (sorry, forgot the whole name).  The spice level was perfect!  Wished there were more slices on the plate!  I skipped on the popcorn (corn allergy), but I did try a sliver of bacon-- it was floppy, not crispy, so I left it on my plate.  The warmed, but not toasted, table bread was good, and paired only with a tiny cup of extra-virgin olive oil.  I was hoping for butter, but the EVOO did have a great, mild flavor with slight buttery notes when consumed with the bread.
4	My favorite place to grab a cocktail and appetizer at the bar. Food is always good. Chopped salad is amazing!
5	I got the Truffle Grilled Cheese and it was amazing. Every time I go there, everything is delicious. This is the one place that I know will always be amazing. I've tried the crab cakes, lamb burger and mac and cheese as well and they were delicious as well!
5	Chopped salad was fun and delicious. The scallops stole the show though! They were cooked perfectly and paired so well with the rest of the dish. Also, try the Citi-Zen cocktail. It was tasty and strong and the rock candy surprise was fun!
1	I was a solo guest at the bar. I ordered the buttermilk chicken and a beer. 2 beers and a glass of wine later I had a buzz on but no food. 45 minutes went by and still nothing. Guests that sat and ordered after me got their dishes. Staff was cool about it and comped my drinks but something tells me Chef has no clue in the back of the house. I hear he's a Cowboy Ciao alum. Another spot I had a horrible experience at last time I was in town. So I will probably not be making it to Gladys next time I'm back either.
5	Great service, great mixology, great food and great atmosphere. Loved the Beef Belly BLT, Boulvardier, Negroni, Pacific Coast Cocktail
5	Awesome dinner, awesome service, would come again tomorrow if we could. Chris our server was awesome and his suggestions were spot on. The short ribs and scallops were tasty, chop salad AMAZING!!! Great place
5	I cannot say enough great things about this place. Its upscale but not stuffy or pretentious and the food is always great! Yesterday was about my 5th time dining here, this time my boyfriend and I sat outside for some cocktails during social hour and snaked on the Bacon heirloom popcorn. Our waiter AJ was awesome! He truly embodied great customer service; knowledgeable about the drinks/menu, friendly, and entertaining. This was supposed to be our last trip here before we move out of state, but because of this last experience we want to go back one more time.Last note: Never miss an opportunity to order a chopped salad from here.
4	A wonderful, delicious respite in Scottsdale.Visiting for Spring Training and disappointed by our first night's meal at Papago Brewery, we were excited at the anticipated visit to Citizen Public House. We were not let down. One of those wonderful places that make you struggle to select from a delectable menu, both food and drink. The cocktail list is inventive and inviting. The New Amsterdam was intoxicating in a good way. Complex and delicious, deftly made with obviously excellent ingredients. The only hiccup was a bespoke order for a Basil Mojito, very simply replacing mint with basil that was made (twice) without any obvious effort to muddle the basil. A disappointment that was removed from the invoice.The food is spot on, creative and very well thought out. Started with the sublime Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn and intriguing Pork Belly Pastrami. A flavor packed, beguiling, complex offering served over rye spaetzle and brussel sprout sauerkraut. Big and bold but well designed.Entrees across the table included the Amaro Meatloaf and two Lamb Burgers. The Meatloaf was big, earthy and warming. A generous serving, worth the sporty $20 tariff. the veal demi-glace and mushroom cream delivering a rich arc, while the potatoes and roasted zucchini supplied the ideal sweep for the meatloaf. Lamb burgers were excellent with an exotic compilation of Serbian lepinja roll, pickled cucumber-onion,tzatziki. Enough so that a request was made to attempt replication at home.Dessert for the table was the PB&J Pudding Jar. Joyous companions all!The service was very friendly and attentive while not overpowering, knowing just when to service the table. Excellent.The space is warm, yet hip and airy, with a very manageable noise level. It was nice, for a change to visit a very popular restaurant that didn't have tables stacked on each other. Very refreshing. A highly recommended spot for an Old Scottsdale visit..in fact for a destination as well.
4	My wife had the chopped salad, which she really enjoyed. I had the belly blt which was good but different.  The bacon was a little more chewy than I'm used to. Drinks were good. I had the Citizen and she had the Mule (a vegetable type of adult beverage).  Finally we had the bread pudding dessert which was good. Restaurant was half empty but we were lucky they could squeeze us in without a reservation so I suggest you reserve before you go. Overall an enjoyable experience.
5	One of my all time favorite restaurants. WOW the filet mignon was probably the best steak I have ever had.. and this isn't even a steakhouse. The meat was cooked absolutely perfectly and cut like butter. Our waiter waited on us hand and foot. He was delightful and upbeat. We had the gnocchi for an appetizer which was pretty good. The drinks were incredible and would make any mixologist proud. Very interesting yet high quality ingredients were used to make delicious  cocktails. For dessert, my mom absolutely loved the pb and pudding, which is saying something because she's extremely picky. Can't wait to return !
4	We really liked this place.  We were in Arizona for Spring Training and wanted to try a bunch of local restaurants - we came upon this place on our last night and it was our best meal of the week!We had the piggies and waffles as an appetizer - and even though we had chicken and waffles for breakfast, it was quite different and fantastic.  They used cornmeal for the waffle - with syrup to dip it all into - it was quite nice.The food is really good here, they also have a lot of interesting drinks and pull a lot of ingredients from local resources.The only downside was that it's located in downtown Scottsdale and there are Giants fans everywhere - so if you can handle the smell of those people (heh), it's worth it to check out a place like Citizen Public House.By the way - we're A's fans - so they probably enjoyed having some classy gents in there for a change.
4	This is the second time here over the past year. I ended up ordering good comfort food with the meatloaf dish paired with Yukon potatoes. My girlfriend loved the ribs. The waiter was around alot. He had many suggestions. We took him up on a few. A little loud in the main room but overall an easy place for dinner. They did seem to like to push their cocktails but if you are into that they have some cheap deals earlier in the day for 'happy hour'.
2	Came for dinner with my girlfriend in the middle of the week. The place was super busy. So had we had drinks at the bar. The drinks was amazing I must say and the bartenders are super nice and professional.The 2 stars was for the food. This restaurant have everything it takes to be amazing not just because of the good cocktails but mostly the food. You so proud of your chop salad. Israeli style well I'm Israeli and this is far from being close to the taste or to the ingredient . It's not as good as you think. We order lamp that is not cheap at all but I don't care when it's worth it . Well again was so bad!!!!! Hard!!! It wasn't a pies that I would serve in this supposedly 4 start restaurant I was so pissed and hungry . Of course it was too late to order something else . Cuz we waited forever for our table. If the chef serve this lamp like this he is not a chef .If you guys need advice with food call me :)Citizen amazing stuff amazing atmosphere drinks!!! But bad bad food
1	I had a confirmed reservation but unfortunately made it (via Yelp) for Wednesday and had intended for Tuesday. When we walked in on Tuesday in March at 6pm there was only 1 table that was occupied by patrons (the place was empty) and the hostess was very rude...she said that she wasn't sure if she could accommodate the 4 of us. Screw her, we left and went to the Herb Box.
5	loved  everything about this place,  went there two times on my 6 days stay in AZ, my favorite appetizers was Burrata salad and butter squash Gnocchi, my favorite drink was the persian, and you just can't go wrong with ordering anything on the menu. Just don't forget to make reservations before going, this place could be even packed on monday nights.
5	One of my favorite places to eat in Scottsdale.  Good food. Great bartenders who make near perfect cocktails, and a great high energy staff.  Try the chicken chopped salad.  Best you'll try. On a weekend, check out their speak easy upstairs.  Great little place to hang out and try some new craft cocktails
4	Great location, decor, menu, service.
5	Really, really good all the way around.  From the first moment we were greeted to the moment we left the service was impeccable, the food and drink were top-notch, and the atmosphere is just very relaxed and puts you at ease.We shared some of the dishes that folks repeatedly mentioned - pork belly pastrami, chopped salad, short ribs, scallops, bread pudding and the pudding jar - all washed down with a couple of kilt lifter ales and a couple of glasses of delicious wines.  Every single bite and sip was great.  Our server, Jeremy, and all the other staff did a wonderful job of pacing things, refilling glasses, etc., and we never felt rushed or neglected.A must try if you're in the area.
4	Enjoyed Every Bite!Hubby and I found this place and made a reservation on OpenTable about 45 minutes before we showed up.  We were a bit early... but they sat us right away.Kristen our server was super nice and very efficient.We had a few different people helping us.  And the water guy was ninja-like... our water glasses were never empty.  Thank You, Ninja Water Guy!  We were parched after being in the sun and running around outside most of the day.This place is a higher end type of place."White table cloth" .... really it's white butcher paper on top of white table cloth.  The ambience is lively.... kinda noisy in fact.  So, if you are looking for a peaceful, romantic dinner for 2.... go some place else.The service and food are top notch.We were in and out in about an hour... and we never felt rushed nor did we feel like we ever had to wait for anything.We ordered a bottle of wine, a salad to share and 2 entrees... our bill with tax and tip was $134.... not cheap... but I felt it was worth the price considering the quality and taste of everything.They start you off with bread bites and olive oil.  Good soft bread with really good olive oil that was medium bodied and had a nice flavor to it... not just a regular plain olive oil.  I thought it was a bit earthy with notes of grass and herbs.We shared the Chopped Salad and it was just the right size for the 2 of us to start with.  It had Israeli CousCous and pumpkin seeds in it which are different and struck just the right notes to change up an otherwise plain salad into a tasty salad with different dimensions to it.I enjoyed the Scallops on a bed of creamy polenta.  I pretty much licked the plate.  The Scallops were succulent and sooooooo good! Hubby had the special which was a cashew encrusted halibut.  His too was tasty but the bed of (I think) rice had a spicy kick to it that was good but was just a bit too empowering for me.Definitely a nice place to go to for dinner, and I'd put this on our "Let's Go Back Again" list.
1	I was not impressed with the hype about the food.  It was too many flavors and combinations.  The mashed potatoes don't taste like what I would expect with my filet.  Nothing is substantial  A bit of this and that  Still hungry at the end of the mea  Duck was tore and had to go back.  Spareribs  the specialty , too fatty and not enough mea.  Went back, too.  Pricey and just not as good as the hype they're giving out.
5	They have a great cocktail list, and offer affordable bar snacks. From rosemary roasted nuts to assorted olives, plenty to choose from. Oh, and order the Original Chopped Salad. You won't be sorry. One of my favorite restaurants in Scottsdale.
5	A classy place where everyone is comfortable.  Great service and lots of cocktails with creative variations without loosing how to make it really good.  The food is even better.  Filet was ordered less than Med rare and that is exactly how I got it.  My wife ordered the braised short rib that was out if this world.  $90 for two entrees and three drinks but totally worth it!!
5	Wow.  I was so impressed with this place!  Came here for a date night and it delivered.  The atmosphere was romantic and the service impeccable.  Our server let us sample some barrel cocktails, which was helpful because they were strong and I didn't end up buying a drink I wouldn't have been able to drink.  They give you free bread.  Not a big deal you say?  Maybe not, but I've been to a lot of nice restaurants that make you starve while waiting for your food, so it is nice when a place doesn't nickel and dime you into starvation.  Am I right?  So we had the fondue for an appetizer and some happy hour cocktails. If you like Swiss cheese, you'd dig the fondue, otherwise maybe choose something else.  The Cherry tart pinot noir is fab IMHO.  So I bit the bullet and ordered the chopped salad.  OMG.... nosh-a-licious!  It was really, really good.  The mixture of textures and flavors was so satisfying and, I'm not going to lie, I don't get all that jazzed up over salads usually.  My husband had the special - the fillet burger - and I'm pretty sure his eyes rolled into the back of his head in delight.  I believe the exact quote was, "This is the best burger I've ever had".  I have seen how many burgers this man has eaten, and trust me, that is high praise.  Service - five stars!  Food - five stars!  Drinks - Five again.  Would come back here happily.
5	Absolutely love this place! Came here on a date on a Saturday night in December, and the place was packed. With a reservation, you shouldn't have much of an issue though. Just a heads up, as with most places located in Downtown Scottsdale, you may have a tough time finding parking depending on the day/time you stop by. Anyhow, the place is adorable. It's a decently-sized restaurant with a lot of character. It's modestly decorated and the ambiance is pleasant.My date ordered a gin cocktail, which was absolutely amazing! Taste was perfect and not too much flavoring to overcome the gin, which is always nice. For dinner, I ordered the scallops and he ordered the prime rib. I didn't try any of his, but from what he said it was delicious. The scallops I had were the best I've ever tasted in my entire life. They didn't have an overpoweringly fishy smell or taste and literally melted in my mouth. Absolutely delicious! The only thing I would have to complain about would be that the greens the scallops are served with are rather tough, hard to cut through, and hard to chew. For dessert, we shared the bananas foster dish that they have, and it was pretty delicious as well. Overall, I would absolutely return!
5	All the staff, from the front host, to the bartender on break, and to the waiter who came over to talk to us but we weren't even his customers - everything was fabby.  Thank you Thomas, at the bar, who gave impeccable service with a smile (I think he chews Orbit Gum).  Bacon Popcorn was terribly good, and the mini fondue was to DIE for!  and, BTW, thanks to ALL who treated my daughter so outstandingly and made her laugh the whole time!
3	Sat at the bar for a cocktail and late night snack. Had the Citi-Zen which was a drink with a stick of rock candy! Genius! Also had the pita plate which was a nice helping for about $8 and the beef skewers. Just ok, expensive and you don't get much. Nice atmosphere and service. Food took a while to come out which I found weird considering what we ordered. Overall, good experience. Not sure I will be back though.
4	Great service and drinks.  The Midwest Manhattan is outstanding. The food was delicious albeit a little salty. My husbands filet was generous and perfectly cooked. It was absolutely delicious. I had the scallops. Only three atop an extremely rich buttery creamed corn base.  The chopped salad is good but there's not much lettuce to it. Just goodies  - like a lot of currents.  I sampled our friends spare rib- very good and tender.
3	Lamb burger was terrible.  Bread was too hard, the lamb burger patty lacked flavor and all you taste is salt.  It came with a home made ketchup which was too sweet.  Fries were great.  Good wine selection.  My colleague had the meatloaf and he thought that was excellent.
5	First time here while on business from Miami. Great service at the front door and even better service from Sam. Energetic, helpful and passionate about what he does. Took his suggestion on the Moscow mule cocktail, chopped salad, buttermilk chicken, and fudge brownie dessert. Definitely would recommend to anyone.
3	Good but not great food, drinks are 4 oz / $10 - tasty but disappointing, great atmosphere, trendy food, the chopped salad was good!!
2	I don't know what all the "talk" is about this restaurant, as we found it to be average plus! Really small martini glasses( tiny drinks), the grilled cheese was bland, the pork chop was bland, the chopped salad was very good, the Mac and cheese wasn't as good as out of the box, the filet mignon was very good! Really loud interior, super loud actually, boring bread basket, thought the PB &B dessert might save them as it sounded great, but it was only average as well! To many good restaurants to go back! RS
4	Just came for dessert but it was tasty! Cocoa chile bread pudding and some brownie madness dish. Both awesome. Drinks were great too -  had the Citi-zen and hot pink paloma (not hot pink btw). Lots of furniture moving out of dining area during peak evening hours was kind of loud/annoying and seemingly unnecessary but otherwise great service and fare. Ambiance on patio was ok.
4	We went to citizen public house last night because we were in the old Town Scottsdale area and wanted to try somewhere new. We found this place on Yelp, of course, and saw that it had stellar reviews.We got right in and were seated in the outdoor section and had AJ as our waiter. It was a fun atmosphere, well kept, and had a great appearance / decor. Our waiter was quick to give us recommendations when we were trying to decide between items, and was the first to tell us when he thought one thing was better than another. This is much appreciated, and as with other similar experiences, we've found the waiters who are willing to do so make excellent recommendations. Our food was prepared perfectly. I had the lamb burger, which was seasoned well and came with a side of fries. I also tried their seasonal cider which was good. They have a full bar and wine selections as well. The patio area had a nice view overlooking the street. The price level was fairly average for a popular restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale. My wife had the truffle grilled cheese, which she also enjoyed. For dessert we tried the brownie. It was a fudge brownie with chocolate chips and a scoop of ice cream on top, as well as, a caramel garnish. The only thing I would say that would make it better, was if the brownie was hot. Overall we had a good experience and I would be interested in coming back and trying other options on their menu.
4	Always a favorite spot when I'm in town. Meatloaf is one of the most unique dishes and boy is it a treat! Happy hour specials are solid. Service is top-notch. If you are in the area, don't hesitate to come by and every seat in the house is good!
4	The delicious cuisine and wonderful service of Citizens Public House draws a diverse crowd - older couples in classic clothing, young adults in jeans and caps, match.com dates (yeah, I can spot them from a mile away) looking snazzy and friends gathering for a casual meal.  In other words, citizens has wide appeal for all ages and all occasions. AJ was our waiter and was attentive and knowledgable about the menu. He recommended the chop salad (of course) and the scallops. My friend went surf and followed the scallop recommendation whereas I went turf and got the filet mignon. Both of our dishes were delicious.  The chopped salad was slightly unique and tasty but probably a little overrated at this point. The downside to this popular restaurant is the noise level. I was here at 8pm on a Sunday night when the restaurant wasn't packed and it was sA little hard to hear my table met even though I have perfect hearing.
5	After choosing this place after it's great reviews, I decided to give it a try. Not gonna lie, I was a little let down by the menu choices, but what I had (crab cakes & chopped salad) was ABSOLUTELY FANTASTIC! Definitely worth the bite! :)
5	My out of town friends decided to get a lil fancy schmancy and reserve the private room for din din. I've been to the restaurant area before but never to this private room. The scenery of this room pulled all stops with beautiful chandeliers, dim lighting, and even your private bar with your own private bartender. For appetizers we ordered the fondue to share and it was the most creamiest, tastiest fondue ever made. Yes, I'm still craving it. I ordered the pan seared scallops which was cooked to perfection. We spent A long time enjoying the evening with our group and didn't feel rushed. This place is a must for date night and must make reservations ahead. Everything was just fabulous.
5	What an AMAZING restaurant!My wife and I recently went here on our wedding anniversary. We had no idea what a great experience this would be. From the very beginning we noticed how consistently attentive and friendly the staff was. Over the top!Once we got to our patio table, we were greeted by our waiter, Sam. Sam had a way of talking and presenting the food we ordered that made everything feel like we were in for such an amazing treat... and he was right.We ordered the chopped salad to share. It was the best we've ever had! We were in the middle of trying to figure out how it was made (so we could try to make it) when Sam came back to see how we liked it. We told him what we were doing and he helped us! Then he said, "Ill be right back with a surprise." When he returned he had a printed recipe card for the chopped salad which he gave to us. Who does that?!I could go on and on about the details for the rest of the evening, but they all played out just like it started... AMAZING. Thanks for the great food and great memories. Even though this is a 5 hour drive for us, Citizen Public House is one of the main reasons we will go back to Scottsdale. Soon!
5	Been wanting to try this place for a bit now, and we were finally able to check it off the bookmark list.  We were greeted as soon as we walked in and sat (as requested) at a nice table outside. The decor and atmosphere was fun, eclectic, and welcoming.Our server stopped over within a minute or two and took our drink orders. After a little deliberation and a few well answered questions from our server, I ordered the truffle grilled cheese and he has the lamb burger. The truffle grilled cheese was extremely tasty. The onions on it were cooked perfectly and the truffle flavor was distinguishable, but not overwhelming on the other flavors!  The side salad had some delicious berries and cheese topped with a light balsamic that made a winning combo.Despite being relatively stuffed already, we just had to try the brownie dessert with caramel sauce.  The only things that could have made this delectable delight better - warm that baby up before topping it with the ice cream! It was however, devoured as it was, so obviously it wasn't a loss by any means.Our server was friendly and wonderful from start to finish - he made (good) recommendations, checked in regularly, and made us laugh.Overall: AWhen we are back in the area, this is definitely on our "do again" list!
4	Had the turkey sliders appetizer which were decent but the chopped salad and pan seared scallops were phenomenal! Service and ambiance--excellent. Pricing is average considering the location
5	It's not all that often I find a restaurant five-star worthy; four star, all the time.This restaurant fits the bill perfectly. From the location, to the fabulous wrap around bar, to the amazing food, only to be topped by impeccable service and the friendliest restaurant team I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing. Unfortunately, the restaurant patio was booked and we didn't get to sit outside as I had hoped, but the hostess was kind enough to give us a table just inside the folding doors so we can get our share of sunlight.  Gina and her team couldn't have been more delightful and accommodating.  Make it a point to try their Cobb salad.  The meatloaf was outstanding!  Who knew you could make popcorn and bacon work?   Thank you Lex for taking the time, and for the fantastic brittle.  Do not miss this gem if you're in the area or passing through. It won't disappoint.
5	Wow. Words can't describe the chopped salad. It'd the best salad I've ever eayen. I don't eat gluten so I had the couscous on the side but it was still perfect.  I wish I lived in Scottsdale so I could eat it every fay! Our server Gary was very helpful explaining the menu and he swore by the slad...I'm so glad that he recommended it.
4	Outstanding, lived up to what I've heard. Staff is extremely passionate and knowledgeable about the cuisine and beverage list. Atmosphere can look fancy, but it's not stuffy at all. -The Original Chopped Salad is fantastic. I don't entirely agree with the dehydrated corn vs. fresh corn choice, but the dressing has basil in it and completely makes the dish. You get a ton of salad too.-Crab cake appetizer is good, but underwhelming. Next time I'll get the pork belly pastrami like our server recommended, or the butternut squash gnocchi.-My friend got the duck with cranberry compote, looked pretty damn good.-Tulip-git-to-quit drink was meh. Next time, sangria.-Pb&b pudding dessert is NECESSARY. Did I taste house-made whipped cream?
5	I have never had a bad meal here....The chopped salad needs no hype from me.The Scallops are perfection...I love this place....
5	Another trendy and tastefully decorated hang-out place in old town Scottsdale. CPH is among a handful of new resto-bars in Scottsdale that are transforming the image of the old town neighborhood. The menu is a mix of amazing comfort foods and lighter salads a dishes. Best is to go with a group and try everything! Also have a taste of The Persian cocktail! :-)I would rate this place one of the top 5 restaurants in the city.
4	Parentals brought yer boy here for bday #29. The wifey and I were early so we sat at the bar. I ordered a Manhattan. That ish was turnt to eleven. Bartender made us feel special. Sparks were flying on the conversational tip and literally as well. There was fire involved with the assembly of my drink. Fire is dope. Ma n Pah arrived so we moved from the bar to our table. The ambiance was sessy in the dining areas. Dim. Candles. Music. Booze. If you are trying to get under some garments then I recommend bringing your date here. Our waiter danced through the menu for us.. highlighting all his favorite items. Dude was like the Fred Astaire of wait staff. His charm worked too cuz my party ordered like everything off the menu. Pork belly. Fondue. Mac n cheese to start. I recommend you not order both the mac n cheese plus fondue because they use the same cheese for both. Good shit none the less. Belly was ill too. Dem brussel sprouts on the belly had me smiling.. the 16 year scotch which I transitioned to probably loosened that grin a bit too. Yum. Mom got ribs. Wife got chicken. Dad got meatloaf. Birthday boy (muah) got the duck. I tried each dish. All were spectacular. The chicken stood out though.. and usually I'm like: fuck ordering chicken at a nice(r) establishment. I remember thinking, "For reals boo? Chicken breast?" But oooh weee was I wrong. Delicious. Bread pudding was sweet to start then finished spicy as a damn Puerto Rican. What a great time!
2	I had been anticipating a wonderful experience at this restaurant and finally went last weekend with my husband and another couple. Living in the area and traveling frequently, my husband and I eat out at fine restaurants all the time. So this review is based upon years of dining experience throughout our country... WE WOULD NOT RETURN! The service was the only redeeming feature. The quality and food preparation was subpar and the portions were smaller than usual dinner servings. The appetizers were good but the dinner selections (we had 4 different) were just OK. We were hoping the desserts would be better. Our server recommended her 2 favorites but they were not worth the calories and we left half of each. The noise level was that of a Friday night bar happy hour - we could barely talk to our friends sitting across the table.Cowboy Ciao has the original menu because the chef started there and then moved to CPH. Skip Citizen Public House and go to Cowboy Ciao, especially if you are visiting and want a wonderful meal in Scottsdale.
5	My wife and I had a reservation for a Saturday night dinner. When we arrived we were seated immediately on the patio as we requested in our reservation. The service was very professional and attentive. Our server made excellent recommendations what to eat for dinner. We thoroughly enjoyed the food. It was high quality and different from what you find at other restaurants. They also have beer on tap which is great. Overall we had an excellent experience and will return during our next visit to Scottsdale.
5	Chop salad, fondue, and scallops are my favorites.  Great atmosphere and drinks.  Never had a bad experience and I have been here a bunch!
5	This place is amazing.  My girlfriend and I came here for an anniversary dinner and we were not disappointed.The ambience here is quite nice.  There was a fair amount of space in between tables but it was still very cozy.  Our waiter was excellent and helped to recommend some dishes for us to try.  We started with the chopped salad.  If you haven't tried this, you need to.  It was fantastic.  They bring it out to the table with all of the ingredients lined up separately and then they mix it in front of you.  It was one of the best salads I have ever had.  From there, I had the seared scallops and she had the smoked duck.  Both were outstanding.  The scallops were served medium rare I believe and were very tasty.  The duck was tender and juicy and had a great flavor.  We also tried some dessert.  We shared the brownie and the one with the pudding and graham crackers.  Both were very good though the brownie was very rich. (I am not sure if they still have these on the menu).I had the Manhattan listed on their cocktail list and it was by far one of the best I have ever had.  So much so that I had 2 of them.  My girlfriend had their cocktail that comes with a sugar/candy rim and rock candy (the Citizen).  They have a great selection of cocktails and beers here.The waiter, again, was on point.  I want to say his name was James? Either way, the service was excellent and we will definitely be back.  Expect to easily spend around $100 for two people depending on how hungry you are but I can guarantee it is worth it.  If you have not been here yet, make sure that you find time to do so.
5	Love this place. Took the mother in law out for her birthday and couldn't have had a better experience. Try the fair trade short ribs. They are fall off the bone tender and the sour cherry BBQ sauce is an incredibly unique flavor. Service is quick and friendly. Lots of fun cocktails to sample. Side wall opens out to the patio- so you can enjoy the fresh air inside when the weather is nice.
2	Beautiful atmosphere and great service. Unfortunately, the food was not up to the same standards.We walked in on a Monday night and the place was largely empty, which worked well for us. We sat outside on the patio, which was well lit and nicely appointed with a great view of the restaurant itself. Our waiter was very friendly and helpful.I ordered the Deep Sea Red Crab Cakes to start, and really admired the flavors. The crab cakes were well cooked, and the red pepper aioli added an unexpected but delicious kick. Unfortunately, there was just far too much aioli on the plate, making it the star of the dish, not the crab itself, as it should have been.As it was quite late, I decided to skip an entree and just order another appetizer as my main course. The butternut squash gnocchi with pecan pesto and brown sugar sauce sounded amazing, but it was probably the worst thing I have ever eaten in a restaurant. The gnocchi seemed to have been deep fried, so they lacked that soft, melt-in-your-mouth taste that I love in gnocchi. They were chewy and meaty - in fact, when I passed one to my husband, he asked, "What kind of meat is in this?" The "sauce" was a very light slop that did little to mask the texture of the gnocchi. I actually had to stop eating because I thought I was going to be sick if I put another one of those gnocchi in my mouth.Perhaps I just didn't order the right things at Citizen, but I can honestly say I will not be returning for another go.
3	I don't get it. Was so excited to eat here because of all of the rave reviews but I just flat out don't get it. The service was great but the food was pretty meh. The chopped salad, as I was eating it, the whole time I was comparing it to the SAME EXACT salad which is served at Cowboy Ciao practically across the street. I have to admit, Cowboy Ciao wins. The tomato in citizen's salad was not fresh, and the salad had a strange texture because I really think they just skimped on the freshness of the ingredients. Aside from that though, why are you serving the same exact thing as a neighboring restaurant and trying to call it your signature dish???!!! One of you has to figure it out and take it off the menu, that's the most ridiculous thing ever. Citizen's tasted fine, but Cowboy Ciao would win on this one.We ordered the pork belly pastrami also at yelp's recommendation and were not fans. it tasted like old coffee, it was really strange texture again and just not that great. The positives- Scallops were a delicious dish and the pudding jar is amaaaaazing dessert. I wanted to lick the jar of that pudding dish, it was so yummy. Basically my experience was just so so, would I recommend it if someone were to ask me where they should eat in old town? No, would I go out of my way to go there again? No, but was it a decent experience? Sure
5	One of my absolute favorite places in Scottsdale.  I bring guests here all the time.  The first time I ate here was about 2 years ago during Restaurant Week and I wasn't all that impressed.  I'm glad I gave it another shot because every time I've come back I have loved it more and more.My personal recommendations are the Pork Belly Pastrami, The Original Chopped Salad (yes it's just like Cowboy Ciao, but it's still really friggen good), and the Beef Belly BLT (oh my gosh is this good...everyone at my table wished they had ordered this after they tried it).Recommendations based on friends/family's experiences: Bernie's Mac 'N' Cheese, Fair Trade Short Ribs, and the Pan Seared Scallops.Also, a good tip if come during busy season (spring training) and can't get a reservation until late: come at 7pm when the "secret" upstairs speakeasy opens, and call to get on the list up there.  The drinks are AMAZING and they serve the full CPH menu.
5	I am a fan of the late night menu which starts at 11pm, has great deals, amazing food and ends at 1:30a! Late night gourmet on the cheap!The regular menu is great too! Everything sounds odd when described but tastes like heaven when it arrives!First timers: App: pork belly pastrami or share the original chopped saladMain: the scallops or the porcini filet
5	From the moment we walked in we were greeted with smiling faces. Once we sat down we meet our waiter. He truly was an amazing man. Gary was his name. He called us love and treated us like royalty! He helped us order since it was our first time. We had the most amazing cosmopolitan! For apps we had the pork and waffles and it was yummy. Dinner we had the chicken and it was to die for. The food was impressive and very fresh! But most of all, Gary was perfection! All you waiters out there should take note and follow his lead. Lots of love to Gary!!! We will be back!!!
5	The chef is always cooking up nightly specials, I have eaten here 20 times and its never bad, they got my vote! Oh - and have the chicken and waffles for an appetizer, it's not weird = it's D'Lish!
3	First, I have to say that our waiter was a real talent.  I thought the menu was more limiting than I would have wished.  My main course was above average.  My desert was below average.  Leading to an overall three stars.  Who knows, on a different night it might be a different experience.  Not yet ready to rule it out or rule it in.
2	The food was all sub par, especially for the price. I ordered the scallops and nothing ruins scallops like biting into a small shell on your second bite. My girlfriend ordered the grilled cheese and it was one of the worst I've ever tasted. The bread resembled store bought and there was some sort of mashed potato in it. The chocolate cake dessert was good, a little stale, but still good. The drinks were the lone bright spot, disregarding the price. The moscow mule and old fashioned I ordered were pretty spot on. All in all this place is not worth the price mainly due to the uninspired and expensive food. I would, however, go grab a drink there. If you are looking for a nice restaurant with a cool ambiance keep looking because you won't find it here
5	The food at Citizen Public House was some of the best I have had in a long time.  As a gluten free eater I often have to settle, but CPH had some of their best options that were completely gluten free, including two dessert items and neither one was ice cream or creme brulee.   Our server was also incredibly attentive and informative helping us pick great cocktails and providing his recommendations.
5	First time here. Actually it's my first time eating in Arizona! Being from LA and eating around there all the time, one can be kind of a food snob when eating outside of your comfort zone. This place does not disappoint. Everything we ordered was on point from the scallops, short ribs, meatloaf,and their chopped salad.  If you're in Scottsdale, hit this place up. Shout to Brad our server!
5	We love this place and visit every time we are in town. The food is yummy. Love the original chop salad, the beef short ribs, meatloaf and the lamb burger. The mixologist is top notch, the service friendly and the vibe welcoming & fun.A must while in Scottsdale.
5	$5 HH deals on cocktails! The food was really delicious too. If I lived closer, I would come more. The patio and location cant be beat.
2	Wow.  Where do I start.  The bar had so many health violations, my salad was warm and limp, the gnocchi tasted like it was fried in grease and my filet wasn't cooked correctly.  So I sent the salad back, gave my gnocchi away and the waiter had the chef fix my filet.  Now mind you, I cut my steak with my fork and knife and when they brought back my filet it was the same one so that means they re-cooked my filet after I cut it with my knife fork and germs...interesting.  Also for the amount of money you pay, the "posh" look, the snobs and wanna be's. ..the waiters need to learn to serve from the left and proper placement of a dinner setting lol.  The steak after the second time, mac n cheese were good but I've had better.  just being honest.
3	Great service and okay food. The food IS good, but it's just not particularly memorable. Our table had pretty much everything off the menu: scallops and meatloaf were the stars, lamb burger was dry and a bit boring, chicken was okay, desserts were tasty (wished we had gotten the PB & J Pudding as it looked amazing over at the next table). The Chopped Salad menu item is a bit bizarre. The menu directs you to the Facebook page of said chopped salad instead of offering any hints to ingredients. Odd marketing choice.So, it's a good time with fairly good food. The cocktails are tasty and the service was all in all very friendly.
2	I tried to setup a 15 person dinner after dining at CPH several times. The customer service for group reservations is AWFUL. They could care about accomodating and do not get back to you right away. Decided to take my business elsewhere and wont be back soon.
5	Just had an amazing dinner here. The chopped salad was beautiful and delicious, had every component a salad should have. The service was impeccable, so attentive and informative. Brad was our waiter, not only good looking, but considerate of our palates. I highly recommend the crab cakes, one sniff made my mouth water and when that first bite hit my tongue...heaven!!! Thank you Citizen Public House for a fantastic dining experience. Will be back for more, most definitely.
5	Had a great evening here!! We ended up getting a couple starters to share - eggplant burrata, chopped salad and baked brown sugar gnocchi. They were all amazing but especially loved the burrata. Drinks were great! Very fresh, didn't skimp on the alcohol and tasted fantastic.Service was the best part! Our waiter was very attentive and many staff members checked on us to make sure our meal was perfect. Thanks!
5	Very Good. One of those places where you just can't decide what to get cause it all looks good. The fondue is a must. I would go back for that alone. Also me got the beff belly BLT. Awsome!  And the lamburger. We will be back.
5	Busy, always busy. Great food, great cocktails, great service, always great in these regards. Perfect date place with a reservation. Bar seating is first come first serve, so try for that if you go on a whim. Ask about the specials too, always something cooking in the back there.
5	I was there back in November 2013. Professional mixologists, awesome drinks and up there as my top 3 dining experiences in my life. I had the short ribs with cherry bbq sauce. If it was socially acceptable I would take the cherry BBQ sauce as my beverage. Bartender was awesome.
5	Original plan was to try FNB, but their hours are weird.  Place was open till 10pm on door and on yelp, but the kitchen closed at 9pm.Well the lady there said to come here.  With very low expectations I decided to try it.  Sat at the bar.  The bartender was very friendly and she explained the menu and drinks.  They had a great selection of premium Scotches.  They also had 5 barrel aged cocktails.  I tried the Pacific coast and it was awesome.For my entree I had the lamb burger cooked at medium.  Wow was it good.  I actually wanted to order another one, but I resisted.  The burger came with fries and some pickled carrots.  You must try the lamb burger.Service was exceptional. Both bartenders made the dinner experience pleasant.  Service is a big deal to me, and they did a great job.
5	Very impressed all around with the service, ambience and food. Our server was spot on and you can tell this crew is well trained to make your dining experience vey enjoyable.
4	Atmosphere, presentation, service levels were all GREAT..... We had a group of 11 who ordered 5 or 6 apps and 4 of the different entree options (we ordered 9 entrees, but some were duplicates). I tried everything we ordered. Dishes were very sexy looking and were detail oriented. The only negative was some of the dishes (about half of them) just didn't have "knock your socks off" flavor. Gizzards (9/10), Chopped Salad (9/10), Crab Cake (9/10), Mussels (5/10), pig Pastrami (7/10), scallops (7/10), short rib (9/10), meatloaf (6/10), fried chicken (5/10), I think that's all of them. I would definitely go back, great cocktails as well, the restaurant deserved the food to be slightly more aggressive...
4	After trying The Gladly and falling in love, I figured I had to try the older sister, aka Citizen Public House.I am not huge on Old Town Scottsdale. Don't get me wrong - it can be fun, and there's some good eats, but I'm more of a Central Phoenix gal. That being said, this location is very nice. It's not right on Scottsdale Road, but rather on a side street, so parking isn't as crazy, which is a definite plus.Restaurant is big, spacious, tastefully decorated, and the service is good. We were lucky enough to get in on the tail end of happy hour. I had the pacific coast cocktail, which tasted pretty good, and it was strong, which made it definitely good. It had an interesting flavor and it wasn't too sweet. My husband had boulvardier, which was also nice and good if you like bourbon.Food wise, I had my favorite chopped salad because I'm hooked and I just can't get enough. It was lovely, as always. My husband had the buttermilk roasted chicken, which was awesome. The chicken was super moist. I love brussel sprouts so I gladly ate them off the plate - they were seasoned well and cooked al dente. Accompanying succotash was also very good. I wish we had tried dessert but we were too full.It was very nice, and if you live nearby or haven't tried it yet, I think it's worth a trip. Since The Gladly is a lot closer for me, I think it'll be my go to place, but I was not at all disappointed with Citizen Public House. Given the choice of any restaurant is Old Town Scottsdale, I honestly think this would be my number 1.
4	Hubby and I stopped in while visiting the area for Spring Training.  The beer selection wasn't as extensive as I had hoped a public house would be, but we found something we each enjoyed.  Our server was very helpful and gave us great suggestions...grilled cheese and short ribs...yum!  I so wanted to have dessert but we were stuffed and just couldn't do it.  We will definitely go back as there are other things on the menu that sound enticing and we really enjoyed what we ordered.
5	Having lived in the area for some time and looking to try something new, we walked past at first after briefly looking at the menu. We returned after talking to a few people giving rave reviews.  Very happy we did because it ended up being a wonderful experience from greeting (actually opened a few minutes before 3pm for us) to excellent service and drinks, with the finally, wonderful fresh foods.  We will be back!!!
5	We went to Citizen Public House because of the multitude of huge Yelp reviews and it didn't disappoint. Our waiter was so knowledgable from the cocktails to the food and wine. Amazing memory. Thanks Citizen...we will visit again when we are in town.
5	Okay the best chopped salad I have ever eaten and they give you the recipe.   Go figure.   That was our starter and my friend and I shared it.   That was my only regret. I had buttermilk chicken with a sweet corn Butterbean succotash and roasted Brussels sprouts.   Absolutely delicious.   And the desserts off the hook.  . This place is a keeper.  Only wish it was closer to Los Angeles.
5	Nice atmosphere, awesome service, delicious food...I really wish I could remember our server's name because he was so friendly and attentive. Gerry? Gary? He knew the menu like the back of his hand and gave us honest recommendations for food and drinks when we asked him.   I wouldn't say the menu was huge and extensive but enough to choose from.  From the handful of items we ordered, I believe they are quality over quantity here.   Prices may seem a bit pricey but the food was delicious so well worth it.Pork belly pastrami-  Oh my gosh so good. Original chopped salad- Had to try this bc it's so raved about.  My first thought was how can a salad be so amazing?  So crazy how simple, fresh ingredients with a tasty dressing can be so yum.  I recommend. Get it.Short ribs entree- Deeelish.  Short ribs just melt in your mouth, great sauce. Pudding dessert-  We had some sort of peanut butter and banana pudding thing recommended by our waiter.  I'm not much of a dessert girl but this was yum.  Hubby enjoyed it since he loves pb and banana combos.FYI: There's a happy hour here but I don't remember the time since we just missed it when we arrived for dinner.   I'm still bummed I didn't try the bacon fat popcorn!
4	Had dinner here for the first time this past Thursday.  Food was terrific.  Wait staff was a C and totally overshadowed by the food, as well as the extremely friendly hostess.  I had he pork belly pastrami as an appetizer and it was amazing.  Then had the coffee rubbed filet, what was equally terrific!  Loud but fun atmosphere.  Very friendly hostess and bar staff.  Our server just seemed disinterested...
4	This is one of the highest rated restaurants in the area. I didn't know what to expect here. I was in T-shirt and jeans which seemed a bit underdressed because people were in dress shirts and ladies in nice blouses. Food: I ordered Scallops and a beer. Scallops - Cooked to perfection. Service: I sat by the bar and didn't really need much service. The bartenders were fairly attentive though dropping by every now and then to see if I wanted another beer. Environment: Great first date spot. Heck there were 3 couples in the bar area that seemed like it was their first date. Good food with loud vibes. Dress to impress type of restaurant. Price: $20 - $40 per head. Food: 5Service: 5Environment: 5Price: 3
5	Very friendly staff and excellent service. Food was amazingly good. Starter portion was small (crab cake) but extremely good! Main course portion size was good and filling.
5	I'm still kicking myself for not venturing into Citizen long ago.  I found myself hungry and wanting a good meal a week back.  Citizen had always been in the back of mind and I decided to make my way to Old Town and give it a try.  Do not walk, run to Citizen.  I was greeted warmly by staff and a lovely atmosphere.  Dark wood beams surrounded by warm butter colored walls and soft candle light.  White table cloths and black and white pictures adorn the walls of this beautiful structure.  I started with the pastrami pork belly with hints of horseradish that play perfectly with mustard and brussel sprouts.  A dish that could be too rich if executed carelessly.  Absolutely perfect.  Followed by the scallops.  Perfectly cooked to medium rare.  Very sweet with the right amount of pan sear.  The staff is attentive and not overwhelming.  I felt at home.  I'm still dreaming of the pastrami pork belly.  Well done, my friends.  Well done.
5	Bacon-wrapped scallops with grits! Wow are they delicious as is the chopped salad. The scallop was tender and perfectly seared and the grits were heavenly and creamy.  Honestly I've never had a bad meal here, only downside is that it's a bit noisy. Highly recommend!
5	I had the scallops which were delicious. The creamy polenta was really good and the bacon popcorn was dangerously good! My bf had the tenderloin which he thought was great and I also had the Thai Margarita which had a spicy salted rim and was surprisingly delish. Service was very attentive and not at all pushy. For a mid-range dinner spot, it's as good as it gets! Entrees about $20-35. The hostess was friendly and accommodating. I highly recommend!
4	Love this place.  Great atmosphere, great drinks and wonderful food.  The Original Chopped Salad is the best salad ever and I'm glad CPH has it on the menu.  The scallops are also delicious.  The best thing is the bar.  CPH has a ton of great and unique drinks and for those who can't make up their minds, the bartenders will concoct something great for you.  Only things that get it 4 versus 5 stars are the menu--I love what I've eaten but would like to see more options, and some of the staff are not knowledgeable about the menu and could be a bit friendlier (i.e. I went while pregnant but not yet showing and declined to order a drink and the waiter acted like I was absolutely nuts.  He kept asking me if I changed my mind and wanted a drink).
5	Great Food, Great Location and Design with great people to serve you!
5	OMG. Went here yesterday the second time. This time with lomita for my pre birthday dinner. While it is a bit loud, it's a fun atmosphere and the food and the service surpasses all your expectations.Our waiter Gary made this a special evening for us. We started with the pork belly pastrami (a party in your mouth), and then following with their famous chopped salad (it has it's own facebook page!!!), and shared the best filet mignon ("pass penny please") we had in a looooong time. The desert, flourless chocolate cake with homemade strawberry ice cream, was on the house (nice touch) and served us well through the birthday night into the morning.Btw: make Gary sing, hehe
5	Came here yesterday for my birthday. Party of 9, 730 reservation. Greeted at the door by Sam, who ended up being our table's server. Shook my hand, asked my name, wished me a happy birthday, told us the table was ready but to have a drink at the bar and let him know when we were ready. Excellent welcome.The place was busy, no empty tables except our big table in the semi-private corner. Ordered a Manhattan, girlfriend had a mule, both great versions of classic cocktails. The rest of our party arrived, ordered drinks and the hostess showed us to our table.Great table, excellent service, Sam had great recommendations and bought me a bday shot of blended tequila. Everyone at the table enjoyed the food; scallops, ribs, mac&cheese, chopped salad, one of my guests is a chef, he ordered a chef special and he left impressed. This place has it all covered. Excellent. 5 stars.
4	The menu was tasteful in scope where you didn't feel bombarded with choices.  The service was outstanding.  The staff knows exactly what they are doing here - so does the chef.  Our group had four different entrees and every dish was high in quality, perfectly prepared and very tasty.  The scallops were cooked exactly right with the right sear and buttery texture.The atmosphere was just okay.  The lighting, background music, and seating layout was just right.  The place was a little noisy.  At the end of the day, this is the kind of place where I want to come back again and again to try everything they have available on the menu.
1	Been going here for a long long time with only positive opinions of the place and unfortunately a new insecure Bar Manager makes me write the following.  So disappointed that I feel the need to write my one and only review on yelp but the management need to know.  After sitting down at the bar tonight alone.  First drink of the night.  I order my first drink and an appetizer. Some guys sit by me.  They are having their first drink if the night.  And after 20 mins the bar man gets a stick up his ass about all of us and refuses to serve us all and returns all the food.  I have no idea what the hell got his goat.  After the other two guys left I was so disappointed I called over the manager who supported the bar guy without question!  Really?  Whoever the owner is they need to really look at the over sensitivity of their managers. Great food, great vibe,... Usually...  Unfortunately spoiled by poor management staff with self confidence issues. Good luck guys you just lost one regular and a few locals.
5	The food was spectacular, we split a bunch of appetizers. Crab cakes were moist, tuna perfectly cooked, and the pork belly pastrami was magnificent - smooth like butter. The grilled cheese is worth it and the bacon peach pie made me feel like I was home in the south. P.S. The staff, outstanding. Brad made excellent recommendations.
5	By far the best service I've ever had in Arizona. Our waiter, Sam, knew everything about not only the menu, but the intricacies of how it was prepared. The scallops and the chopped salad are amazing btw. I can't believe I haven't been here before. The perfect place for gastronomers in the area who are picky with what they want.
3	Just Ok...probably would not come back.  Chicken wings were "Asian chili glazed" came out with the sauce on the side that tasted more like tomato than Asian chili. Meatloaf was decent and flatbread with hummus was very good.  Nice atmosphere and excellent service.
5	Everytime I'm in Scottsdale, I make a trip to Citizen...sometimes; four trips!Don't miss The Original Chopped Salad. This thing is unreal. I spent $50 on ingredients trying to re-create it at home, but there's only one Original.The craft cocktails are quite good. I had a Manhattan with Tobacco & Leather bitters that was just phenomenal. I don't think it's on the current menu, so hopefully they'll still make it for you. Russel's Reserve Bourbon, Carpano Sweet Leaf Vermouth, Tobacco and Leather bitters, Maple syrup, toasted orange peel and Marasca  cherry. YUM.For entrees: take a close look at the Meatloaf and the Short ribs. Both excellent!
5	My boyfriend and I were wandering around Old Town Scottsdale late one afternoon and happened to walk by Citizen Public House. It was getting close to dinner time so we decided to pop in. Neither one of us realized that we were about to have an amazing dinner! Wow! I think it is probably one of those restaurants where every item on the menu is excellent, but the Truffle Grilled Cheese was so good that I don't know if I could bring myself to order anything else. My boyfriend is still talking about how amazing his lamb burger was. We can't wait to go back! Also, the noise level wasn't too bad when we were there, but it might get a little loud when it's really packed. Excellent service too!
5	Fantastic food. Started with the chopped salad and tuna appetizers. Then went with the scallops and meatloaf. Oh my both were fabulous. Finish up the the cocoa the sponge cake. Left so full but so satisfied and happy.  The atmosphere is definitely on the noisy side. The service was excellent with three folks constantly filling water and clearing plates. Great food .
4	Gary was the best waiter I've had in years!!! So entertaining, funny, and really sold all the entrees to us. If you own a restaurant, you'd want all servers to be like him. I came one other time and my server was not entertaining or all that attentive.... Kind of dull. The food here is great although their menu is a little small. No complains though! Definitely a little too dark in some spots too.. I remember us sitting in almost total darkness. All in all it's a great date spot or good for happy hour after work.
3	A friend chose Citizen for her birthday dinner and I wasn't thrilled with the small menu, but I ended up finding a few things that looked pretty good. It was my first experience with the original chopped salad and it was F'in delicious. She was turning 29, so most of us are too young to be saying this, but the general consensus was that it was too dark, too loud and too warm, so that's the lower rating. The service was average, but she did let us know ahead of time that they couldn't split that many checks and helped up split it up as best she could.I'd definitely return for a special occasion with a smaller group or likely, just a significant other.
5	Let me begin by stating that I'm from Los Angeles, and was not looking forward to the food during my trip to AZ. I usually don't leave reviews after a single visit but given the scenario, I thought why not.This place is very good. Even in the cut throat restaurant business in LA, this place would make the mark.The food is all great. I tried the lamb sandwich, meat loaf and short ribs. The short ribs were outstanding, and for 30 bucks, it was also a steal. Very strong beef flavor. Meat loaf was also among the better meat loaf dishes i had ever tried. It's pretty hard to make meatloaf taste "not boring" but the dish here was solid. The lamb burger came with battered fries which were very good with the homemade ketchup which was like a marinara. I'm surprised battered fries aren't more popular. The appetizer was my favorite: the pork belly pastrami. Very rich, not for everyone but portioned appropriately. Service is great, ambience is perfect not too loud, not too quiet. Not too bright, not too dark. Price point is fairly accurate.What makes this a 5 star rather than a 4 star however are the mixed drinks. They are spectacular. I had a 'Manhattan' which was perfect. So good that it hit me hard without me noticing. The 'career ender' was also good. It's hard to maintain 800 reviews and still have a 4.5 star overall but I certainly see why this place succeeded in doing so. Next time I'm in old town Scottsdale I'll stop by again for sure.
4	Went to brunch had teh apple pancake was very good.  Wife had the scrambled eggs ( 6 yes 6).  They were good but not great.  There were no meat choices for sides.  Cost $96 including tip for 4, NO BOOZE
5	There's nothing less than great about this restaurant.It's affordable, the food is unbelievably good, and service is impeccable. It's one of two places in the Phoenix area to try the amazing chopped salad, which I would recommend to anyone as an appetizer. Their bar snacks are great and at certain times, half off. The heirloom bacon popcorn is my favorite.Their dishes feel traditional but offer twists with consistency and ingredients. For example, their truffled grilled cheese is stuffed with wonderful mashed potatoes.
5	Good food has to be accompanied by good service, imho, and this place does that very well !  Great salad, heck it has its own facebook page its so popular, but the service is just as good.  Well done !
5	There's nothing I wouldn't eat off this menu. Every bite of every course I've enjoyed here has always been perfect. Perfect in an okay  ready for heaven kind of way. I do have to mention the deep sea crab cakes b/c they're the best crab cakes I've had in a while. Hands down.  I was there last night, and I'm still thinking about those crab cakes. They put out high quality and wonderfully fresh food. Hats off to the chef.
4	Service: amazing. Our waiter was awesome! He was super friendly and I noticed he was very personable with all his tables. Very pleasant. Their staff is very on top of it.Atmosphere: this is why I am taking a star off. It was crazy loud. I don't know if it is normally like that but it was so loud that I felt that I was shouting across the table to be heard. It had a fun vibe but honestly way too loud. I felt like I was in a club type atmosphere and not a restaurant. Food: started off with the Mac and cheese which was actually pretty good. Had a nice flavor to it. Also had the burrata which was very delicious!! I had the meatloaf with mashed potatoes and zucchini and it was amazing. Best meatloaf I have ever had and the portion size was huge. My bf ordered the filet, med/rare and he said it was cooked perfectly and delicious! An overall great experience!
4	came for a late dinner after flying into sky harbor. our server was the friendliest and most enthusiastic person I've ever met, but not in an overbearing or fake way. he seemed familiar with the entire menu and also the beers as well. each of our entrees was perfectly seasoned and balanced (lamb burger, scallops, and grouper). the coconut dessert was also fantastic. one complaint would be that the restaurant is all concrete and hard surfaces, making a fairly loud group of youngish patrons sound even louder. if I could give this place a 4.5 I would.
5	Great drinks!!!Menu is different in a good way!Price is very reasonable for the quality of food and drink you receive.Late night menu is always interesting!
5	Love this place! People that work there are awesome and always remember us & what we like. Who doesn't want to go to a place like that.
5	I love Citizen Public House. I always sit at the bar, try at least two or three of their cocktails and usually just have some appetizers. The staff, atmosphere, drinks, wine, it's all on point. There's not much else to say. I just really like it here.
5	The best part about Citizen is the BACON! Seriously, I think they put bacon on everything! Popcorn made with bacon grease and bit of bacon, bacon dessert, bacon drinks....Bacon is the way of life at Citizen and there's nothing wrong with that!I usually hit up Citizen for Happy Hour after work. They have great prices on snacks & appetizers (we always get the fondue and flatbread), plus the Happy Hour drinks are 1/2 off and some of their specialty drinks are also cheaper. For a great Happy Hour, check it out.That said, I always said I wanted to go to Citizen for dinner, it's just a bit pricey for a college graduate who's paying off student loan debt. I finally had a chance to be wined and dined at Citizen a few weeks ago for a work event. Man, was I impressed! Going to dinner and having work foot the bill is the best - we went all out!We started with all of the Happy Hour snacks. Fondue was my favorite (can't go wrong with bread, meat, and melted cheese!) but the bacon popcorn was amazing as well! Again, BACON!For the main course, I had the scallops. They were perfectly prepared, lightly seared, with veggies and a delicious garlic mashed potato puree. Gah, my mouth is watering just thinking about it! Coworkers had the lamb burger (which is to die for, I guess) and the pork chops. Again, looked super delicious - the presentation is amazing!Dessert was the chocolate mousse thingy. It was decadent and rich, but we definitely ate the whole thing!For the lower class, dinner is a bit pricey, but for a special night out (or every night, if you're Bill Gates) I highly recommend Citizen! If you can't afford dinner, opt for Happy Hour and you'll get to experience the delight of Citizen.Side Note - I've also had the mac-n-cheese and it's to die for! It's a great dinner alternative and pairs well with an ice cold beer on tap.
5	great service, food, and atmosphere. Loved the scallops, chicken, and chopped salad! Try their other restaurant, "The Gladly" in Biltmore, too!
2	Ugh the mussels verde were disgusting. Small portion with three mussels and even delivered with one closed! Good service though. It was comped but very fishy
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale. Been dozens of times and never disappointed. The happy hour is a great deal, the cocktails are delicious and creative and the food is excellent. The prices for food aren't bad either. If you haven't been before then you are missing out!
5	Probably the best porkchop I've ever had,  super flavorful (got it medium rare). Fondue is wonderful as well, also got the Four Seasons beer they had on tap and a Moscow Mule, which both complimented the meal well. A bit on the expensive side but well worth the price.
5	This was hands-down our favorite restaurant while visiting Scottsdale.  It has a lively, trendy vibe, fabulous service, and impeccable innovative food that's not too stuffy. First, the hosts and waitstaff were exceptional and very helpful. Sam our waiter was wonderful throughout -- super knowledgeable and honest.Cocktails are the bomb -- definitely try the spicy Thai margarita.Don't miss the original chopped salad (which has its own Facebook page). It really is special.  We also tried the burrata and a special of the evening -- an amazing ramen with Argentine spot prawns.  The cocoa jar for dessert was also fabulous.I wish we had more nights in Scottsdale as we would have definitely returned!
5	With 777 reviews how could you pass this up? I finally made time to come here and I am so glad I did! :) I'm a really big fan of pork belly and look what I found: Pork belly pastrami starter!!! This place has surpassed any other pork belly I've tasted thus far in AZ! The pork belly melted in my mouth and matched well with the brussels sprouts. The truffled grilled cheese meshed with the white truffle mashed potatoes. Ended with the Cocoa Jar with chocolate crispies and cookie and whip cream in a jar. With an eclectic menu I'm sure to come back for the short ribs - another of my favorite entrees to try. There was a mixed crowd of people here. Service was great and my water was always filled. Great job guys!!P.S. So sorry that I forgot to take pics of the pork belly pastrami and grilled cheese. Devoured it all. Next time though.
4	Excellent service and food.Crabcakes and scallops were top-notch - expect small portions
5	The service here is great, always on top of everything. Food is phenomenal I recommend the ribs. Moscow mules are fantastic! Trendy vibe!
5	Best meal I've had in the Phoenix area since moving here last year. Collectively, we order the chopped salad, filet mignon, and the scallops. Everything was absolutely amazing. My manhattan was equally impressive. I highly recommend this restaurant.
5	If you are looking for a fancy dinner but want to attend casual this is the place for you. I love good food but hate getting all dolled up to eat. I strolled in with lip flops and felt super welcomed. The staff was friendly and helpful despite that we looked like slobs on vacation. We ordered the short ribs... ridiculously good, the sauce- heaven! And the buttermilk chicken, cooked perfectly and flavorful throughout. Would definitely goo again and order the same thing.
3	Definitely did not enjoy this meal as much as I hoped to. I ordered a shrimp with risotto and it was lackluster in flavor and disappointing, especially for the price. For dessert we got a chocolate brownie dish with ice cream. It was also just ok...again, for the price I would have expected better.My boyfriend got braised pork and it was also underwhelming. The meat was tough so his teeth ended up hurting from all the chewing. Service was decent but the price was high. Food is not terrible, but I think there are definitely better options in the area.
5	It was my first time eating alone at such a special restaurant. The host and waiter led me to an intimate table for four and made my self date one of the most memorable dinners! Sam, my friendly waiter, checked up on me every time he passed me by and kept me company like a friend. He also surprised me with the menu of the Original Chopped Salad, which was just a perfect combo of all the healthy grains and vegetables you would normally not eat by themselves. I can't wait to try the recipe myself and see if I can live up to Citizen Public House's expectations! There's an intimate bar in the middle of the restaurant where all the couples sit. But I'd also recommend this place for those of you who want to bring your close family members and for all of you who are looking for some alone time; the wonderful hosts at CPH won't leave you alone.
5	Was a solo diner walking in for dinner. Sat at the bar at servers were very friendly. Solid drink/beer selection. Ended up ordering the olives plate and the lamb burger. Olive plate was solid for the $5 price tag but the lamb burger was incredible. Could tell from the first bite that it was grade A meat and the burger itself was somewhat of a gyros style flavor. House ketchup was also really good. Definitely a place that I would go to again and recommend to those who enjoy good drinks and quality foods.
4	Stoppped in for a drink and appetizer with some co-workers.  It was happy hour so a nice surprise 1/2 off drinks!  Had a really nice Cab, we also had the fondue as an appetizer, it was very nice.  If I'm back in AZ, would love to have dinner here.  Very nice vibe!  The bartender was very nice and made sure we were taken care of.
5	One of the best of Old Town Scottsdale. Great service. Amazing drinks. Hubby loves the famous chopped salad. The burrata and bacon fat popcorn literally changed my life. The chicken is so juicy yet crispy on the outside. I have never been disappointed! Can be a long wait so take that into consideration.
5	A happening place for the younger crowd, everyone was well dressed, but not suit and tie fancy. Anyways, the food was super delicious; it was modern twists on classics. We had the Mac and cheese, which was a win, and fondue with the most amazing sausage I've had, and perfectly ripe Asian pears. My friends had steak and pork rib, and the pork rib was easily the best dish. It was infused with a subtle flavor none of us could place, and was perfectly tender. Many of their desserts had bacon in them, and it was good, but I am partial to not putting bacon in everything. We had the pecan and bacon brittle and the peach and bacon pie, which was empanada style. Over all it was a really good restaurant with a great atmosphere with good service and great food.
5	Wow, we were blown away with our dining experience! It was completely unexpected. We truly enjoyed the delicious food and service was OUTSTANDING. I rarely identify people in my reviews, however Gary deserves the praise. From the moment we sat down, he was friendly, charming, and attentive. His positive attitude and demeanor was infectious and it absolutely made our dinner more special. Even as he tended more tables, he hustled to get to everyone. We were so pleased. To top off an amazing evening, he waited for us at the entrance and held the door open as we left!The Good Citizens Social (H/H) is 3-6pm daily. All bar snacks, draft beer, and glasses of wine are half off, their barrel-aged cocktails are $5, and three appetizers are discounted. We were dining unusually early since we wanted dinner before the Jason Mraz concert, however, we were able to take advantage of the Social.Ruben opted for a pint of Anchor Brewing California Lager ($5; H/H $2.50). I settled on The Craftsman ($12; H/H $5) made with Barrel-aged Jameson Irish whiskey, Cocchi Americano, and Charbay Green Tea Aperitif.Rosemary Roasted Nuts ($5; H/H $2.50): A mixture of nuts roasted with rosemary. Great flavor and a wonderful snack to munch on while having a couple drinks.Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn ($5; H/H $2.50): The popcorn was very lovely and the addition of bacon and its fat was scrumptious. Another fantastic snack!The Original Chopped Salad ($12): Smoked salmon, Israeli couscous, arugula, trail mix of toasted pepitas, black currants, and aged asiago, freeze-dried corn, marinated roma tomato, and pesto buttermilk dressing. Wowza! I knew the salad was popular (I mean, it has its own Facebook page), but I didn't expect to be hit by the combination of flavors and textures. It is so, so good and surprisingly light. Great dish to split as an appetizer. The recipe is available on their page, but it's much more complex than I thought and it's one I'll leave to the professionals. I would absolutely return just to eat this salad again..and again.Buttermilk Chicken ($20): Roasted Smart Chicken breast, Brussels sprouts, truffle oil, sweet corn-butter bean succotash, and Pecorino. We chose to also share our entree and our server was kind enough to split it for us. The chicken was moist and flavorful, the succotash was creamy, and the brussels sprouts were perfect. All the flavors worked and it's probably one of the best chicken dishes I've had.(All their desserts are made by Tracy Dempsey Originals, a local company creating sweet and savory confections)Bacon and Peach Hand Pie ($11): Candied bacon, salted Bourbon caramel ice cream, and peach jam. The pastry was perfection combined with the sweet and salty bacon, ice cream, and not-too-sweet peach jam. Fantastic dessert option!Bag O' Bacon Brittle ($10): The Original Bacon Pecan Brittle packaged to go. My family and I love brittle (and c'mon, bacon?), so I picked up two bags to take back to Vegas. I haven't had a chance to indulge yet, but I will update when I do!I highly recommend dining at Citizen Public House. Although I like to try new restaurants on future visits, this is somewhere we won't want to pass up!
5	We had an amazing experience here! The server was knowledgeable, friendly and professional, and the drinks and food were fabulous!! The chopped salad was unique and incredibly delicious!! The pork belly pastrami was unbelievable, as was the dessert! highly recommend!
4	I do like this place, but I feel there could be more option for entrees and appetizers.. The famous chopped salad is very good. I'll always order it when I go. I also felt the red wines were nothing new n sub par. The beer was ok n the vodka to gin room upstairs makes a good effort.. I've never had a bad meal here but I also haven't been blown away.. I came in for the duck my friend had ordered my first time there but it was no longer on the menu, everything else didn't suit my tastes for the night, so I ordered the hummus, chopped salad n lamb burger. It was fine. Lol sorry I'm tuff.. I would have  liked a lil more something on the burger. The hummus I almost forgot about while writing this, and the salad stood out again. Well anything w smoked salmon tastes f*ing good to me. I love to make certain restaurants staples for when guest come to town, this didn't make the cut.
4	Citizen public house was a great experience. The service has always been great. The chopped salad and their scallops are amazing. Will be back again.
5	All around outstanding dining experience. Our waiter, Sam was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu and very friendly. Nice open casual dining area. I've heard many good things about this place, and let me tell you, the ratings are true. Very attentive wait staff. Never an empty water cup. Price was good for portion size and quality. Lets talk about food now!Had to take advantage of the great happy hour prices. Ordered the Kilt Lifter Fondue, which was served with sliced pears, sausage and bread chucks. Large portions & very tasty.  We split the chopped salad with smoked salmon. Incredible mix of flavors, every bit was a perfect mixture of awesomeness. This dish is a MUST TRY.I ordered the crab cakes app as my main dish. They were very good, perfectly cooked with no weird fishy taste. You can tell they are made fresh, not from frozen. Very tasty.BF got the meatloaf. It was recommended to us by our waiter. Glad we listened to him, it was fantastic. Great flavor, you can tell they use high quality meat. There was a perfect amount of sauce and nice portion of potatoes. We sampled the bread pudding and chocolate brownie. Both very rich and decadent. We did not try any of the cocktails, but the selection was huge. Maybe next time. Can't wait to come back.
5	This restaurant is really amazing! I love that it has a small menu. I love that it only has a couple dessert items but they are tremendous! The beer selection is perfect.  The wine selection is great.  The service rocks, Gary handled our large table with ease, thank you Gary! Even the manager Steve came over to greet us and ask us how our meal was...a top notch restaurant in old town Scottsdale.... Eat it, love it, live it..... I had the chopped salad, perfect. I had scallops, prepared to your liking. I also really enjoyed  their spinach and garbanzo bean soup (best tasting soup I've ever had and the recipe was done by one of their servers, excellent excellent Dish)!  Yum yum for my tum tum :-)
5	Can NOT say enough wonderful things about this place!! The staff, service, atmosphere & food!!! We had my daughters wedding dinner here (9/5/14)  and my son coordinated everything with Owen, the Manager & the Chefs Craig & Ben. Our party was an intimate 7 and from the moment we arrived we were treated with the highest of regard. Eric the Bartender started us off with the tastiest Sangrias, followed by several courses of appetizers (the chop salad was to die for!) and finished it off with their Porcini Filet Mignon - which was truly decadence!  We were full beyond measure and they packed us with to-go boxes for what we couldn't finish.Absolutely every dish was beautifully presented and tantalizingly delicious!! I can not thank Owen, Craig, Ben, Eric and the staff of Citizen Public House enough for making such a monumental occasion so very special and personal.
5	The food is generally really good here, but the superstar is the chopped salad. I can't believe the best chopped salad I've ever had would be in Scottsdale, although I don't generally go around hunting for chopped salads. I always make a point to stop by whenever I'm in town.
5	so good, double date night 4 of us we ordered few different things and everything was amazing!
1	Wish there was a zero stars ... over complicated food ... ruining fish ... they refused to sub anything! !! Diet restrictions be dammed I guess.. never go here if u have ANY diet restrictions. ..
5	Best cocktails and service in Scottsdale!!  I am never disappointed when I go to Citizen Public House.  The cocktails are unique and delicious (ask Thomas to make them for you, he's amazing), and the service is impeccable.  For dinner ask to sit in Sam's section; he is by far one of the most knowledgeable, on-point servers I have ever had.  All of his recommendations have always been phenomenal and he has a cadence about him that makes you feel like he is enjoying the dining experience as much as you are.Food standouts: Chopped Salad; Scallops; and the Tenderloin WrapDrink standout: Manhattan; trust me on this one, it's out of this world.
5	I ordered the scalloped seared. It was delicious the waiter was awesome the food was impeccable.
4	We came for happy hour/dinner and were glad we did. The less expensive wines drop to $5 during happy hour. We had some. Others had ice tea and Arnold Palmer.  We had olives and bacon popcorn snacks.  Three had a lamb burger which was good but not great.  I had a mortadella slider and it was good. The kennebec fries with the burgers tasted good but were very chewy. The almond and bacon brittle wasn't bad but difficult to eat after dinner. Service was very good. we will want to try it again.
5	Located in downtown Scottsdale, Citizen Public House serves classy gastropub food.  The server I had was great and even offered a kitchen tour while we were waiting for our food. This place is awesome.
5	Omg! My daughter heard about this place and we decided to check it out on one of my trips to Phoenix. We shared the piggy and waffle, and the Cobb salad. It was enough food for the two of us would even know my stomach was portruding, I could have kept eating another round of both! Since then I've been trying to make chicken and pancakes so I could get that combination of syrup and meats! Can't wait to go back and see what they have on the menu next. And by the way, the Cobb salad was really unusual it had chopped smoked salmon pieces. It was fabulous!!
5	Favorite restaurant! The roasted buttermilk chicken and the chopped salad are amazing!
4	I love CPH. The servers are attentive, the atmosphere is lovely, food is delicious every time, and the cocktails are amazing and inventive.
3	Ok so I really wanted to love this place. Service was great. Chopped salad was a little weird but ok. The food was overall prepared well, just not to our liking. Unfortunately no one in our party was a fan of the food.
2	Second time here was not as pleasant as the first visit. This was during restaurant week. I loved dining the first time and was excited to dine the second time. This time around I tried the Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn for $5, their Fair Trade Short Ribs which is prepared with a coffee rub, dried cherry bbq sauce, roasted parsnip puree & seasonal veggies for $30; and their Bread Pudding for $6.The Bacon Fat Heirloom Popcorn was regular popcorn with bacon bits and fat. If you're a bacon lover you might want to taste this. It's a simple snack to munch on while reviewing the rest of the menu. Hmm how shall I put this ....... I can only equate the entree dish to nothing but "Fair" - exactly as it says!! And I didn't get a fair trade at all either for $30. It was coffee rubbed so dry and over cooked that my jaws  were gnawing on each piece pretending to like that darn meat! I dipped each piece in the cherry BBQ sauce but it was still parched and punishing experience to the mouth.Luckily I had asked for the bread pudding which was well hydrated served with strawberries and cream. This is a restaurant week dessert not in their main menu. The final straw of the evening was the check for a party of 9. At the bottom of their menu it states in fine print: Split checks unavailable for parties larger than 8. First of all, the waitress allowed one person in the group to have their own separate check leaving 8 people left. If you allowed one person then you must do for the rest at the same table.  Was she afraid she wouldn't get her 20% or more gratuity? If the waitress allowed one person in the group to have their own check the group becomes 8 people or less. Which means we CAN technically split the check any which way. Instead the waitress proceeds to tell us she can't do that. And on top of that she proceeds to tell us that we need to calculate our own tax and tip!! You mean to tell us that a nice sophisticated restaurant lacks a POS system with zero capabilities of generating the math for you?!?!?! Here's another kicker: At the bottom of the original receipt the waitress hand wrote herself a 20% gratuity. Again, the POS system lacked being able to incorporate the added gratuity on a receipt and the total cost. I find that a shocker. After the whole fiasco and doing our own calculations and making it inconvenient for us diners we were glad it was over. The experience overall was a disaster but the bacon popcorn and bread pudding made up for a bit of it. Maybe a hit and miss type of deal. :/Never dine here with a group more than 8.
3	Food was delicious but drinks were horrible!  Our table got the lamb burger (bun/bread way to much), buttermilk chicken and scallops.  We had to ask for everything and they have to little servers working.  I was shocked that the bartender did not know how to make drinks.  I mean so bad I could not drink them and sent them both back and mind you they were two totally different drinks :/  P.S. Definitely not kid friendly!
5	The food and cocktails were great. The service was exceptional!  Highly recommend this place, we will be back!!!
3	Great Central location, amazing service at the bar. Happy hour drinks are very tiny, selection in small and they are all drinks that could put hair on your chest.
5	Below is an e-mail that I wrote to the establishment a few months ago on behalf of my experience. I thought I would share it on Yelp, so I copied and pasted...I first want to apologize for taking so long to write to you to tell you about my experience. I was there for my birthday dinner on May 10th, 2014. My boyfriend had called to make reservations and get everything squared away without my knowledge. He couldn't keep it a secret anymore, and about an hour before the reservation, he spilled the beans and told me that we would be going to Citizen Public House for dinner. Right away, I remembered that this nice guy named Sam, who we had met through the gym, said he had worked there. I don't know Sam very well on a personal level, but we do say hello in passing at the gym. I suggested he call to see if Sam was working so we could sit in his section. Sure enough, our request was accommodated and we were seated in his section. He recognized us right away and was pleasantly surprised that we were there. Sam had asked us if we had dined there before, which we had not. I immediately made a comment about how everything on the menu looked good. Since he somewhat knew us, he asked if it would be ok for him to remove our menus from the table and allow him to surprise us throughout the night. I was stunned, and accepted his offer without any hesitation, giving him our full trust. He knows that I like eat healthier, so he informed me that he would be making some adjustments to the foods he would be choosing. Regardless of healthy eating, we splurged a bit, and Sam bought us tasters of some wine so we could choose a bottle. I enjoyed the options so much that I could not choose! ... but I did :) and it was wonderful!The first thing Sam brought out was your famous Chopped Salad. I have no words to describe this, other than the fact that I could probably eat this salad every day for the rest of my life. This was the one thing I was told about Citizen Public House, and was told that if I went, I had to try it! He brought it for us to split as an appetizer and I was happy with his selection, as we had wanted it right from the beginning. For the entrees, Sam brought us modified versions of the Buttermilk Chicken and the Amaro Meatloaf and described them fully upon arrival. We definitely would not have gotten the meatloaf off of the menu if we had chosen, but both were so amazing!! I couldn't tell you what he did to modify them specifically, but they were made to cater our health requests just a tad. Un...bel...ieve...able. To top off the night, Sam asked if our special food needs could be catered by a nice desert, because he said he wanted to celebrate my birthday with us. We hesitated, but then decided that we can't say no and would make an exception this one night! I am so happy that he asked before, rather than surprising us with dessert (yes, I know it usually goes the other way around), but it showed he cared about our requests. I don't think this dessert was on the menu, but it came in a jar and I think it had some peanut butter something in it... amazing, candle lit and all. Overall, my experience was beyond amazing. Not only was the food, drink, music, and ambience great, but Sam was exceptional. I don't think he took care of us just because he knew who we were... I truly believe that that is genuinely how he is as a person and a server! His knowledge is incredible, he is calm and confident in his performance, and he is willing to take a step above to make his guests happy. The funny part about this, is that I am also a server/bartender at a mid-high scale restaurant... and I can honestly say that Sam blew me away. I don't think any of our servers are up to his level, not even myself. You have a great employee on your hands and you should be proud to call him one of your staff members. I have been in the industry for 10 years now and I have never gone out of my way to write about how amazing someone is, but Sam is really that great!! We will definitely be back, and Sam is no longer just a guy I know at the gym, but he was one of the reasons why I had such a fantastic birthday this year and I will never forget the role he played that night.Thank you so much for the amazing experience!!! I refuse to keep my mouth shut about your amazing restaurant and Sam's service!!!
4	My family and I came for dinner. We enjoyed a few happy hour cocktails in a dim lit room which played a part to the comfortable and cozy atmosphere. For an appetizer we had the fondue and for dinner we had the pork chop, scallops, chicken, and short ribs. All were prepared and presented perfectly. Everything tasted wonderful and the bottle of st. Emilion we ordered was excellent. Needless to say, this restaurant is a definite success for a great experience.
5	This one was always on my list to try so I decided to check it out for a early Sunday dinner.  First of all, this place is in a perfect location in old town (and yes there is a patio). My friend and I did some splitting of dishes and that was just great. Started off with a sangria, which I would highly recommend, it was very flavorful and not your typical approach. For an appetizer, we went for the fondu, served with a Swiss type cheese along with pear, sausage and homemade bread. For the main course, we tried the fried chicken with brussel sprouts. The entree was served perfectly and they split it for us on two plates :) Our server was very friendly and helpful. She kept trying to keep our fondue warm and lit outside, but the wind kept blowing the flame out! I will absolutely come back to try different items on the menu :)
5	Amazing restaurant with amazing food!! Sam, our server, had such great recommendations. We had the burrata for starters, original chopped salad, braised short ribs, and for dessert, cocoa jar and financier. Omg. Amazing!!!! Our host, Lex, was awesome keeping up to date with the World Series score (since there's no tv's here). He's awesome too. Love love love this place. I will be coming back, especially when the speakeasy opens. Yeay!! So happy with new finds :)
5	Great experience and food in old town Scottsdale. The cocktails are inventive and fresh!  We loved the fondue and pork belly starter.  My dining partner loved the chicken breast even though he normally prefers the juicy dark meat. The lamb burger was tasty and juicy. Great bun! The chop salad was a big hit at our table. I loved the scallops. For dessert it was tasty and fresh. When we come back to Scottsdale we will be back.
5	Outstanding food and service!
5	Loved this place!Service was great: friendly and quick. The food was delicious and artfully arranged. Ambiance was trendy.The food is a little expensive for a casual night out, and I would not recommend coming here if you want a quiet, intimate date. But otherwise had a great time and will return.
4	Food:  Good. We got the famous chopped salad for an appetizer to share, the pork chop and the scallops.  The 'famous' chopped salad was really quite good and a nice twist on a something of a staple.  Really liked the presentation before it was mixed... not as pretty after they mix it, but tasted great.  The pork chop was a bit dry and overcooked, but the portion was healthy and the sides were quite good.  The scallops were extremely well done, and the mix of flavors in this main was really good.  Serving size was on the smaller side.Ambiance:  Really very nice. We arrived early for dinner and had the restaurant largely to ourselves until near the end.  Very nice furniture, setting, etc.  Good music (blues) that went well with their overall theme.  People showed up on all types of attire, but I'd suggest business casual type attire to avoid feeling under-dressed.Service:  Really very good.  They remembered that we had a show to get to and were very conscious of getting us out and to the show on time.  The waitress was attentive, pleasant, and had good suggestions.   They were finishing up preparing for the dinner rush during out meal and the bits and pieces we overheard, the attention to detail was really quite impressive and more than we expected.Prices:  Considering the neighborhood, etc. not horrible, but not cheap.  $100 for 2 drinks, an appetizer and two mains.  I'd say the $$ rating is off...it should be $$$.  I'd be impressed if you escape for less than ~$35/person and I'd bet that is an uncommon occurrence.Tip:  You really need to try the chopped salad... it really does deserve the hype.Net:  Great place for a night out if you're going to hang in Scottsdale for the evening or first date (trying to make a good first impression).  For the price, the portions need to be a bit bigger and consistently excellent to hit 5 stars, but a solid 4 IMO.
3	pork belly pastrami (4/5): This was pretty good, but I find the dish a tad too greasy. The sauerkraut's acidity sort of took down the grease down a notch but I still find it a bit too much for me. Which was weird because I usually love fatty pork belly.Original chopped salad (5/5): This was the perfect salad. The flavor, the texture, and the freshness of the ingredients, everything was perfect. I think it had salmon in it as well, which imo was the perfect protein to go with this salad.Seared scallops (3/5): The scallops were cooked perfectly, but it was over seasoned. In addition, they garnished the scallops with bacons, which added more saltiness. I also didn't like the glaze because it was too sweet (I believe it was coke and red-wine reduction?)Taste alone I think this place is worthy of a 3.5-3.8. However, I find the food a bit too pricey (came out to be $43 per person) so I'm giving it a 3-star.
4	It was nice. Not too over the top in pricing. Cool atmosphere. Food was fantastic as well. Will definately go back.
5	I love love love this place! We went with a rather large group and the server really took care of us. The food was amazing, you must try the pretzel fondue! My husband and I split the meatloaf, again, amazing!  It's such a fun atmosphere for large groups or even a date night! There was a guy singing solo, but was great. Very social setting and great people watching. Highly recommend!!!
5	5 stars for the food, 5 stars for the service, 1 star for the inability to hear yourself think due to the loudness of the music and the terrible acoustics in this place.We met some out-of-town relatives at CPH last night and were hoping to have a really good meal and catch-up conversation...but all we got was the really good meal.  The pork belly pastrami appetizer was superb, the entrees of pan-seared scallops, meatloaf and pork chop were amazing and the bread pudding for dessert was to-die-for.  So, absolutely no issues with the food.But the noise level was ridiculous, even for a night-life kind of place.  We literally could not hear the person across the table.  Asked our waiter to turn the music off or at least down but his manager refused...so we had to scream at each for 2 hours.We will go back but without guests.  Go for the food/food service but don't go thinking you're going to have any relaxed conversation...at least not on a Friday night.
5	Food was amazing. Coming from Charleston, SC and eating different types of food, this by far was the best restaurant I've eaten at. Props to you citizen public house.
5	Oh man! Love their Sangria-- some of the best in town. And their dessert ain't to shabby either!  And... love the people watching.
4	I had a great meal here tonight with some colleagues. The service was great and food even better.  I had a Odell seasonal ale to start.  Great to see a awesome Colorado brewery on the list of beers.  That said, I would expect a stronger and bigger selection of beers for a restaurant categorized as a Gastropub.   For dinner I had the scallops and they were amazing.  Desert we shared every option and the bacon and apple bread pudding was phenomenal.
5	Delicious and cozy!! Everything on the menu here is amazing! The happy hour menu has incredible deals you won't find anywhere else in Scottsdale!!! Decent beer selection, yummy cocktails, service is impeccable. One can never go wrong with the Chefs Special.
5	First, our server, A.J.,  was top notch and was a major reason for our group of golf buddies enjoying a great evening at CPH. He had knowledge of the food and great personality.  The cocktails and food were delicious.  The only negative comments I can say is that the crab cakes need a little work. But the chopped salad, the burrata, the short rib, the scallops, and the meatloaf were fantastic.Great restaurant with lots of energy.
5	Made a reservation for MNO for 6 of us mamas.  When we arrived we had 2 people cancel and the hostess had no problems quickly rearranging the table set up for us.  We were quickly seated! Great startWe ordered some cocktails.  I had their mule, refreshing with a little zap from the alcohol!  PerfectWe started with some nibbles, the bacon popcorn and the chop salad to share at the table.  The chopped salad being their signature item did not disappoint! The bacon popcorn...who thinks of this stuff-totally delicious! I proceeded to order the short rib which honest to God was one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth! (Food!!! Get your head outta the gutter man!!! :P) I couldn't stop eating it and the next thing you know it was gone and I was licking the plate and my belly was full and I was in my happy place! For dessert I don't remember what it was that we shared, but it was chocolatey and crunchy and creamy all at the same time - decadent and delicious!  I told my girlfriends that I can't wait to come back with the husband for a date night!    Bravo CPH...super crazy yumm!!!
3	This was my first time visiting the Citizen Public House, and have not yet decided if it is somewhere I'd go again. Upon entering, we were greeted at the hostess stand and taken to our seats. We were seated next to a fairly loud group (not uncommon for Scottsdale on a Saturday night) who seemed to be having a good time discussing the merits of whatever their latest business ventures were and whose volume was not increasing much so chose to keep our appointed table. The atmosphere of the restaurant was noisy and boisterous, and seemed to be filled with an interesting crowd of people. Half of them were a bit older and begrudgingly eating dinner out that evening and the other half were young  professionals. There was music playing overhead but it barely registered for most of the people there (one woman I overheard in the restroom was audibly surprised to hear it playing for the first time that evening.) The wait staff was incredibly attentive and pleasant-- the waiter introducing himself and shaking our hands was an interesting way to start off the meal. At our server's recommendation we started off with the Pastrami Pork Belly (for him) and the Original Chopped Salad (for me.) Both were very flavorful and the salad presentation was a fun twist. For an entree I selected the scallops, and he had the short ribs. My scallops were flavorful and well prepared, although the wilted baby kale which sat atop it was difficult to cut into in order to pair the two for a bite. The scallops were nested in a corn grit mix and the plate was drizzled with an interesting gastrique that was a little too sweet for my taste- I'm more of a vinegar fan. The short ribs were rubbed a little too generously with coffee with very little extra flavor to add to it; the dipping sauce which was provided to flavor it was a little too salty to enjoy with the meat. Accompanying was a parsnip puree that neither of us were excited about. We agreed the appetizers were the best portion of the meal. This seems like a great place to take a group of friends for apps and drinks to begin a fun night out in Downtown Scottsdale, but isn't really the type of place I'd recommend to anyone looking for a romantic and quiet dinner.
4	Always have the best experience when I eat here. For some reason Gary is always my server but he's fantastic! He always makes wonderful recommendation when I can't figure out to eat. Can't go wrong with anything...
5	Great food and the service was pretty quick as well.  We had a party of 10 and everyone enjoyed their meals and drinks.  Can't wait to go there again!!
5	Outstanding service and hands down the best salad I've ever tasted in my entire life.  In a momentary mental lapse I ordered something that wasn't on the menu and they actually delivered it!  I will always come back here when I am in Scottsdale!
5	I love this place for casual drinks or date night.  The drinks are perfectly done - strong but tasty (get the Manhattan OMG), and the food is worth the price.  Not huge portion sizes but you don't need to be overly stuffed because by the last bite you'll be satisfied thanks to the flavor.  I also enjoy the ambience - very classy but not stuffy.  I definitely will be going back CPH.
4	We came here on a Friday night with no reservation got seated right away. Very Friendly and helpful staff. They offer unique cocktails, beer, and barrel whiskey. I had the Citi-zen it has rock candy, I also had a Moscow mule. Has a ton of ginger which I like, not everyone does. I got the grilled cheese and added bacon. It was good, nothing special. It tasted like mashed potatoes more than cheese but hand me truffle anything and I'll eat it.He got the lamb burger he liked it but neither of us cared for the fries they were dry. I know they offer a more extensive dinner menu but we weren't looking to spend 30-35 on an entree I'd definitely go back but probably just for drinks and appetizers.
5	Went here with friend- dinner was excellent service was exceptional- would recommend- good looking crowd
5	Oh EM GEEEE, I absoluetly love Citizen! I have had so many dishes here and I love that they're open for late night dinning. The chopped salad is the best in the world!
4	Citizen Public House is an upscale, modern American restaurant where you can find plenty of unique dishes and a signature salad with its own Facebook site.My Overall Rating - 4 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food, Return)Atmosphere - We checked out Citizen Public House on a week night, but it was still busy.  Lights will be dim, noise will be loud, but everything around you is modern.  If you're looking for a quiet place, Citizen Public House is not it.  But if you're ok with the high energy and noise you'll love it.Service - Our server was better than great.  He was very accommodating.   We made reservations over the phone for a large party, and he secured a semi-private room for us and let us put in several appetizer orders ahead of time.  Throughout the meal the entire team went above & beyond, making sure we were ok, talking about our love of food, and making sure our experience would be perfect.  1 Star.Food - The appetizers rule at Citizen Public House.  I think it's ridiculous that a SALAD has its own Facebook page.  Then I ate it.  It was ridiculously good.  The presentation itself is great, and once the servers mix it together, it becomes a fresh, modern, texture packed bite.  I will admit I doubted it but now I'm a believer. Bacon fat popcorn.  Yes.  It was even great the next day.  Pork Belly Pastrami - tender, well-seasoned, and could have been my main meal.  Which is funny because looking back, I enjoyed all the appetizers a lot more than the main courses.  The scallops were good and my short rib was not as tender as I would have liked, but after our appetizer fest it really didn't matter.  Bottom line is the pre-meal is where I'll put my money in the future.  1  1/2 Star.Will I Return? - For the apps!  Not sure the main courses are worth it for a return visit, but I would come back and order the same delicious starters as I did that night.  Now, Citizen Public House is not cheap, so that's all I would be able to afford.   1/2 Star.My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.
5	Amazing! I was with a group of six and we tried many dishes.  From the bacon popcorn to the drink service, we were delighted every step of the way. The place is a bit loud but that was perfect for us on a Friday night.
5	Fantastic service.   Great variety in menu.  Thai margarita to die for.  Hummus good, macaroni and cheese good,  grilled cheese super yummy.  This place lives up to its great yelp reviews.  Prices medium to low in my opinion.  Would go back for sure!
5	My husband Matt B. and I met our friend Stef P. for dinner one night in Scottsdale, at Citizen Public House. We'd just flown into town and were looking forward to an easy gastropub dinner. The place was not at all what we expected. It was less gastropub than full-on upscale sit-down restaurant, with entrees creeping into the $30 range. Thankfully, we ended up loving the place.Citizen Public House is in cozy Old Town Scottsdale, and it was vibrant and charming on a Friday night. We had a late reservation (9:15) and the place was still pretty busy. I liked the atmosphere--it was nice, but informal. We hadn't seen Stef in four years, and had a great time catching up over dinner. Service was excellent. Our waiter Brad was on top of his game.We had a couple rounds of drinks, and I really enjoyed the cocktails. The Im-Port was particularly good, a smokey drink made with Jameson, Tawny Port, tobacco bitters, and Guinness foam, served on the rocks with a smoked sugar rim. The Thai Margarita was pleasant, too, a mix of Patron silver with galangal and kaffir lime simple syrup, tamarind reduction, Thai chili sea salt, basil, and lime, served on the rocks. It tasted more like a straight margarita than I thought it would, but I liked it. I also had a sample of the barrel-aged Craftsman, made with Jameson, Cocchi Americano, and Charbay green tea apertif. (Brad brought it over because I was waffling between the Im-Port and the Craftsman, and he gave me a free taste after I'd already decided on the Im-Port.) It was pretty great, smooth and boozy with a definite sweetness. Probably would've gotten it if I wanted a third drink. Matt tried one of the other barrel-aged cocktails, the Boulvardier [sic?] made with Maker's 46 bourbon, Campari, and sweet vermouth. Another solid drink.The food was fantastic. The three of us shared the pork belly pastrami and an order of Bernie's mac 'n cheese, which worked as both appetizer and side. The pork belly pastrami seems to be Citizen Public House's signature dish, and it's a great one. Pork belly came pastrami-cured and spiced, with rye spaetzle, brussels sprout sauerkraut, and mustard jus. The pork was juicy, fatty, and intensely flavorful, and I loved all of the sides. It wouldn't be right to come here without trying this dish. The mac 'n cheese was also delicious, made with curly cavatappi pasta in a gorgonzola and emmental cheese sauce, with a chilled tomato relish on top. The pasta was cooked al dente and I loved the sharp cheeses and the spicy tomato relish. The portion was huge. We split it three ways and still had leftovers.I had the pan-seared scallops for my entree, while Matt and Stef had the fair trade short ribs. Both were excellent. The scallops were plump and beautifully cooked, served with Hampshire belly bacon, roasted corn grits, wilted snow pea greens, and a cola gastrique. There was so much great flavor and texture on this plate. It was exactly what I wanted. The short ribs were another winner, a giant plate of tender coffee-rubbed ribs with dried cherry BBQ sauce, roasted parsnip puree, and seasonal vegetables.We ended up spending more than we meant to at Citizen Public House, but we were on vacation and had a truly lovely meal. I'd recommend this place for a nice dinner out in Scottsdale, to locals and tourists alike.
4	Citizen Public House is a gastropub in the Old Town Scottsdale that has vibrant local community feel.Food was excellent:- Shrimp and tomato salad- Amaro meatloafBoth dishes were simple, but execution made the difference.
5	Chopped salad was the absolute best!
4	Fun and knowledgeable bar staff. Had bacon popcorn. Fantastic!! Excellent happy hour with half price drafts and great appetizers.
5	Pork Belly Pastrami - excellentChopped Salad - uniqueSmoked Duck Breast - deliciousBread Pudding - fantasticExcellent all around.
5	My new favorite spot to eat and drink! Excellent service and the food is phenomenal! I come here at least twice a week now and have tried almost everything. Highly recommended!
5	Citizen Public House is a great laid-back restaurant with good atmosphere and fantastic food.  I've eaten there twice in the last year, and I've been very impressed with the service and the quality of the food both times.
4	I loved this place. The bacon popcorn and chop salad are money. I am glad I made a reservation, there was a two hour wait on Friday night for a table.
5	This place was AMAZING!  Went there for a work holiday party and it was great.  Gary our waiter made our choices even tougher as he expertly explained all the dishes.  You MUST get the smoked salmon chopped salad, it is worth all of the accolades it receives.  Also tried the pork belly pastrami and it was excellent.  Between us we covered all the main dishes and there was much being shared as everything was top notch.  Will be back again & again & again!!!
5	Hands down, this is the best restaurant in downtown Scottsdale. During multiple visits in the past few weeks, we tried a variety of appetizers and main courses. Every dish was delicious and the service is always good. Our favorite is the scallop entree which was cooked to perfection and seasoned delicately. This is my favorite restaurant in the Phoenix area.
5	The original chopped salad is the best thing I ate my entire trip to Scottsdale/best salad I've ever had! A must order!
5	Came here with my family that drove into town from SoCal for Xmas. Was looking to take them to a nice place for xmas-eve dinner and read positive reviews about this place.We ordered many small dishes and 2 entrees to share: Pork belly pastrami, shrimp tomato salad, burrata, crispy chicken gizzards, amaro meatloaf, and pan-seared scallops. The waitress also recommended the famous chopped salad and boy.... was that the best decision and dish of the night! Every one of the dishes were tasty with the 2 best dishes being the 2 salads.I'll definitely come back to Citizen Public House in the future. Once again.. that chopped salad.... must try!
4	I attended a meeting here, first visit ever. This place was great. I was able to try multiple Appetizers including the bruschetta, steak skewer, and crab cake. All delicious. Then I tried their signature chop salad and I highly recommend it. For dinner I had the filet mignon which came with potatoes and a veggies.... Yumo... The other attendees ordered both scallops and the buttermilk chicken... All looked amazing. The dessert was nothing to brag about and def. not their strong suit. I had cypress Chardonnay (wow) and their coffee wAs amazing. I will def be back. They aren't cheap but the good was worth it...
4	Great drinks, great atmosphere. The menu was eclectic comfort food. Our server Ajay was awesome. Enjoyed it all.
5	Matt was our server and he was great. Great service. He was friendly and pretty dang knowledgeable. He noticed my baseball cap is from baltimore and immediately guessed I was from Maryland. Anyways, the food was fantastic too. We actually were not there to drink any alcohol and had seen the reviews for the food. I got the lamb burger and my wife the grilled cheese. It was great. I highly rate the food here. Can't say anything about the drinks.
5	Visited this restaurant on a busy Monday night, it was packed and lively. We didn't have a reservation, and were told that it would be a 40 min wait, but we took a chance and hung out at the bar; we ended up seated at a table within 15 minutes. Our server Matt was very knowledgeable and friendly. We tried the delicious hand-chopped salad and the rosemary roasted nuts for starters, then enjoyed the short ribs and buttermilk chicken as our entrees. Matt was very patient with us, as we had a little trouble deciding on appetizers. We initially requested the pork belly pastrami, but changed our minds. Matt brought us the pastrami anyway and we tried it on the house - it was wonderful! The restaurant is a classy upscale place with soft lighting and hipster patrons; great environment but probably a little too loud for quiet conversation. We will definitely make time to come back here on our next trip Scottsdale!
5	I wasn't too excited to come here, since coming to Arizona I expected to be eating Mexican food. Now I'm sad this gastropub isn't on the East Coast. I forget the name of our waiter, but he was very friendly and extremely tall. The food was delicious. Here's a rundown.Appetizers:The Original Chopped Salad (corn, couscous, smoked salmon, asiago, pepitas, tomatoes, arugula, currants, buttermilk pesto dressing) - Despite all the raving reviews, I was really skeptical on how good a salad would be. Damn it was good. The textures were party-in-my mouth good. The buttermilk pesto dressing gave it a perfect tang. Do yourself a favor and order this above anything else. https://www.facebook.com/TheOriginalChoppedSalad/Pork Belly Pastrami (rye spaetzle, Brussels sprout sauerkraut, mustard jus) - The pork belly was melt in your mouth, although some off-putting parts were all fat. The brussel sprouts were shaved leaves. I was confused by the rye spaetzle. Couldn't tell if it was meat or not, but overall the flavors of this dish are good.Chia Seared Tuna (Thai purple sticky rice, asparagus puree, fried leek & micro green salad) - This dish was a bit bland overall. Both the puree and tuna had no flavor, but the purple rice provided a good contrast of texture. I love purple rice in general though.Crispy Chicken Gizzards (pickled lemon, garlic yogurt, shiso)- The gizzards were dry, made a little bit better with the sauce. A little lackluster compared to the other appetizers.Entrees:Tender Belly Pork Chop (dried apricot sorghum, shaved cantaloupe and asparagus salad with pink peppercorn vinaigrette) - This is on the pricey end, but definitely get this for entree. We ordered this medium and it turned out very juicy and well marinated. Good pork flavor. The quinoa provide nice contrast of texture and dried apricots provide extra sweetness.Fair Trade Short Rib (coffee rub, dried cherry bbq sauce, roasted parsnip puree & seasonal veg) - I also recommend this for an entree, despite being pricey. So tender and the flavor was delicious. The bed of mashed turnips was a good combo. The tangy sauce is an explosion of flavor when it hits your tongue.Yum Neau Wrap (grilled beef tenderloin, watercress, cucumber, mint, cilantro, yuzu vinaigrette, Thai eggplant & pickled cabbage slaw) - This was so overpoweringly salty. I could not taste anything it was wrapped with. The best part of this dish was the pickled vegetables, but overall I would not recommend ordering this.Desserts:Pig in the Orchard (Apple bread pudding, bacon, brown butter ice cream) - This was recommended by our waiter as his favorite. Good recommendation by him, because this made dessert my favorite part of the night. The bread was so soft. Not sure I could taste the bacon This is a must get dessertCocoa Jar (chocolate coffee pudding, crispy rice crumble, whipped cream, cocoa cookies)- Not a big fan of cream, but everyone else in my family loved it. liked the cookie crumble on top and the cocoa cookies. There is a cookie/brownie at the bottom of the jar. Make sure you dig into the layers to get every layer in a bite to bring it all together.Dim Lighting, fantastic food. Extremely popular so make a reservation if you can. I will definitely miss that Chopped Salad very much.
4	Great choice for a birthday celebration! Great cocktails! Brandon is very good at his job, a superb mixologist! Highly recommend the meatloaf, the pork belly, chopped salad.
5	Had dinner here tonight with my husband and son and we enjoyed every bite. From the surprising and irresistible bacon fat popcorn, to the seared scallops served over a bed of the best-tasting grits I've ever had, and the brownie sundae, it was all excellent. And better yet, our server was attentive to our 11-year-old son without being condescending and suggested menu alternatives that pleased his palate and let us enjoy our meal as well.We left feeling it was money well-spent and look forward to returning the next time we're in Arizona.
4	So happy we ate here with so many great restaurants listed in Scottsdale to choose from.  Our server, Bradley was casual, but so professional.  The atmosphere was fun and loved dining in the patio area.  The cocktails were great and the food even better!  Had the meatloaf and pork belly pastrami.  We will be back.
4	Super unique menu, excellent atmosphere and definitely one of my favorites in oldtown. I just recently moved to the area and have been really enjoying all of the great venues in the oldtown area. This place however stands out above most of the other places and is one of the best places to bring people who come to visit.
4	Super unique menu, excellent atmosphere and definitely one of my favorites in oldtown. I just recently moved to the area and have been really enjoying all of the great venues in the oldtown area. This place however stands out above most of the other places and is one of the best places to bring people who come to visit. I highly recommend!
