3	I was very happy with my calamari taco. It had just the right amount of flavor and it was a nice break from more traditional seafood or Mexican. I'd probably go back next time I'm in Charlotte.
1	This little shop has all the makings of a great restaurant, except good service and quality food.  I've been there twice, the food on the first trip was good, if a little simple (I believe anyone can wrap a piece of fish in bacon and cook the hell out of it).  On the second trip both my girlfriend and I  ended up with bland food, my side dish of rice was undercooked and her meal had zero flavor.  Our waiter was too busy falling all over some yuppy girls at the next table to bother with us.  We're generally not picky, but after we brought the problems with the meal to the attention of our waiter, he literally shrugged, apologized and went back to flirting with the next table.  No offer to correct anything.  We won't be back anytime soon.Overall the place is great for people to see and be seen, it's a yuppy hangout, it's loud and the food is hit or miss.  Pretty much sums up NODA these days.
4	I was in town for a business trip and found this place off the beaten path using my streetfinder. It was really chill, laid back and had lots of diverse people in there from college kids to small families with young kids and a couple of people on dates in between. Young waitstaff who were really friendly and energetic waited on you and gave good suggestions for grub. They have a red bull mixed drink that is AMAZING--if you like red bull that is, I forget what they added into it but it was great.  I had the black bean soup, it was spicy and not boring by any means. The tacos I had were not the most tasty but maybe it was because I got the grilled ones and also b/c I had just had a really tasty soup right before.  I would recommend the place though for a relaxed hang out and decent tex mexy kinda food.
4	Probably one of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte.Atmosphere - Very laid back, very "come as you are" feeling to the place.  They play all kinds of music and most of it is pretty mellow and relaxing stuff.  This is a good place to bring a date.Service - I have eaten here on countless occasions and have not had bad service yet.  The wait staff is quick and friendly.FOOD - The food is the best part by far.  You can't go wrong with the standard Mahi Mahi fish tacos or the Honey Wasabi Tuna Burrito.  The salsa is more on the pico de gallo side and goes great on top of your black beans and rice.  The queso dip is very different than other quesos.  It's thicker, tastes great, it stay on your chip better, and isn't that the idea in the first place?  Stay on my chip so I can put you in my belly!Highly recommend this place.
4	I loved the basic fish taco they serve.  It is simple yes, but delicious.  I wasnt a fan of the sides but the tacos definitely made up for the lacking.  Our waitress was really friendly and very attentive.  I am definitely going back  when I move to Charlotte.
4	Expect to wait for a seat at this spunky little fish joint.Very casual...don't expect to sit at the bar while you wait for your seat b/c it only seats about 9-10 people tops! The regular fish tacos are not the way to go....they're at the bottom of my pile- do something different- sword fish, etc.....they make a pretty darn good mojito as well.I recommend checking it out when you're in the area; plenty of things to do next door as well if you have to wait for your seat.
4	I don't do seafood, so most of the menu is off limits for me; however, I love the burrito verde and the Baja veggie wrap. Both are great, unusual vegetarian options. The environment is laid back and funky, and the service is pretty good even on nights when it gets busy...and it DOES get busy, especially on the weekends. I recommend lunches if you don't want to wait, although it is one of the best areas of town to find yourself stuck waiting for a table. It's great for a date, and not great for kids (unless you have very adventurous, patient kids...). My niece was hungry and cranky and didn't enjoy her food. The grownups were happy, but really...is anyone happy if the kids aren't happy?In the end, this place gets extra credit just for incorporating "Fish Taco" into their name. I can't say it without giggling like Butthead.
3	There are a couple things that usually deter me from eating at Cabo Fish Taco when I head to NoDa for dinner. 1. There are often tons of people waiting outside for a table and I usually don't want to join them in waiting. 2. I don't really like any seafood, so the idea of a fish taco doesn't appeal to me. Still, Cabo is a really cute restaurant and I want to support local spots in NoDa. I've tried the chicken tacos, which are all right. I need to go back and try some more non-seafood options like the chicken or veggie wraps.
5	You always remember your first.  Cabo Fish Taco was the first restaurant that I tried in NODA and it remains my favorite.  It was even my choice for a birthday dinner with friends.  Cabo Fish Taco has a New York City restaurant type feel, but it's bigger than most NYC restaurants that are squarely tucked into buildings.   The restaurant is very casual (like most of NODA), and I like that the menu is kind of upscale/gourmet Baja Mexican.  It was here that I also tried my very first fish taco.  I had to -- it was in the name!  I went with the Cabo Fish Taco on the menu.  It was good...but nowhere near as good as what I've continued to order during following visits: the Honey Wasabi Tuna Burrito (without the mushrooms, as I'm not a fan of fungi).  So much flavor is involved, it's sinful.  Plus, the portions are so large that I usually end up bringing half of it home (after eating lots of chips and salsa, too, of course!) and having it for lunch or dinner the next day.  I've brought several out-of-town friends and family to Cabo Fish Taco and they've all been impressed by the simple look of the restaurant, but the surprisingly bountiful gourmet choices on the menu.
4	Though it's a little bit off the beaten path, this was one of the first restaurants I was taken to upon moving to Charlotte, which says a lot about it, I think. Smack dab in the middle of NoDa, CFT is worth checking out if only so that you have an excuse to check out the funky neighborhood its nestled in. But the food and drink are worth it, too. As the name implies, try the fish tacos. My girlfriend's obsessed, and they're prepared the same way they are in Mexico--lightly battered, served with cilantro and all the fixins. Very fresh and very tasty, and not too expensive at all. The other food is standard mexican--nothing too transcendent, but it's all very good, too. I love the drinks here, and they sometimes have margarita specials which are worth checking out. As for its environment, we love this place. It's small and intimate, so we love a date night here (clearly we're not alone). Definitely a good plan: go check out a gallery opening and eat here before or after. Or grab a romantic cocktail on your way home from some art-buying. Tres classy.
3	I tried Cabo Fish Taco again, and I really wasn't impressed. I got the veggie burrito, and it was just bland and unexciting. My boyfriend got the cabo fish tacos and was pretty disappointed, especially since this dish is the restaurant's namesake. I wish I liked the corn salsa and chips they give you as an appetizer, but the spices of the salsa are just really off and it tastes gross.
4	If you need a mini vacation, the colorful and expansive references to Baja California are appreciated.  C.F.T. is a great spot for lunch, especially on a sunny day, no matter how cold it is outside.  Not much of a seafood person, I got the tacos and was able to get both steak and chicken at the waitress' recommendation.  The chicken is nicely spicy. The steak was a little under-salted but high quality beef and cooked tender.  Service was impeccable and friendly.  She even threw in a few "hey dudes" for good measure.The house corn salsa is chunky and fun.  I wasn't wild about the tomatillo salsa because it had too many onions.  I went for the cactus salad as my side for the tacos and wasn't crazy about it either.  Next time I'll just get the black beans and rice which reprises the fresh corn and has no onions.I didn't realize the tacos are served on a bed of cabbage so next time I'll ask for them to skip that part.  And I'm glad I asked for the cream based sauce on the side. But everything still had a lot of flavor even after a picky eater like me takes it apart.Next time I'll order a margarita from their specialty drink menu since they offer my beloved Herradura amidst their impressive tequila selection!
2	I expected a lot more from a dish that is the namesake of a restaurant. That's some greasy, flavorless fish, CFT. For shame. While I commend you for giving me a lot of food, it simply was not good.I also have an issue with the corn salsa that come with the chips at the table. I love corn salsa IN a dish. But, it makes for some seriously awkward dipping with just chips. The kernels...they were...everywhere.
2	Let me say first of all  that I'm writing this review with a heavy heart, but I feel the need to be honest.  I have eaten at Cabo Fish Taco a few times before and I have usually really enjoyed the Baja fish tacos and margaritas.  This time, however, was not the same.  The corn salsa was bland and room temperature. The Baja fish tacos were just not good...that's all I can say.  The typically long, crunchy strips of cabbage were replaced with mealy mush that I guess was supposed to pass for some kind of coleslaw and the usually large buttery avocado chunks on top gave way to a sad little spoonful of browning guac at the bottom.  The fish was super fishy and not in a good way.  I always get the nopalitos salad because I'm obsessed with pickled cactus, but this time I found one slice of cactus amongst an entire bowl of bland black beans and chickpeas.  My boyfriend's Rasta Pasta came without shrimp because they were out (wtf??? no shrimp in a seafood restaurant??) and the sauce/chicken had way too much jerk seasoning that overwhelmed the other flavors like peppers and pineapple.  Our waitress was crazy busy and overlooked our empty drinks more than once, then let us sit for 15 minutes while she attempted to settle our tab.  The margaritas, I will say, were strong and tasty...just like I like 'em.  All in all, I was exceedingly underwhelmed and disappointed that the food has gone so far downhill.  Perhaps the biggest kicker of them all....it was my birthday.  Booooooooo.
4	I love this place - it was one of my early finds upon moving to Charlotte a few years ago, and I go back about once a month. I almost always get either the Mahi Mahi tacos or the Chicken serrano tacos -- in the tortilla on a bed of cabbage, with CBT's signature yogurt-based sauce, and some queso fresco...yum. My husband always gets the Cabo Fish Tacos, but I prefer my fish unfried. I got a burrito once - nothing to rave about - and the scallops once - tasty - but I'm kind of blown away by the reviews on here who give CBT a one or two-star rating and then confess "well, I don't like seafood/fish/the central concept" etc. Why would you go to a place with the word "fish" in the name? But anyway....The corn salsa DOES always end up on the table. Just wipe it up. The real disappointment for me, taste-wise, is the sides. I've had the cucumber salad, the napolitos salad, and th baja rice...all not good at all. My husband always gets the Mexican coleslaw, but I stick to beans/rice (with corn)...definitely the tastiest, in my opinion.And spending $8 for dinner - excellent. Add in a margarita (starting at $4 for the "El Cheapo") and you're all set.
4	I love fish tacos, and after reading all the blah yelp reviews, I was worried about this place. Turns out--nothing to worry about. This place is great! One thing I did take from the reviews was to stay away from CFT's standard fried fish taco. Instead, I went for the grilled mahi mahi taco, which was very good.  Also tasty was the Mexican slaw with pumpkin seeds that our friendly waitress recommended. A big thumbs up for the decor, too. CFT is located in an old renovated building with brick walls and old wooden floors that is festively lit and full of warm bright colors. I really thought the design elements of the space added to the experience. Sure, it is not exactly Ocean Beach San Diego, but it is pretty darn close and a really fun atmosphere with great service. It is definitely worth a visit.
5	Everytime I visit the area I always make sure I make time to go to Cabo Fish Taco. Best fish taco I've ever had. Stick with the OG - Cabo Fish Taco fish tacos. They also serve you complimentary corn salsa and chips.
3	I heard about Cabo Fish Taco from a friend who lives in the NoDa area. I was so excited because I absolutely love fish tacos. The first time I visited, I ordered the queso dip as an appetizer and the Cabo Fish Taco. The ingredients were fresh and the tortilla was delicious but there was nothing spectacular about the flavor profiles. I visited a second time and ordered the same dish to give it another shot and I was again left wanting more. The side dishes also leave something to be desired. I would be willing to visit again and try something new but definitely no time soon. It is also incredibly loud which is somewhat of a downer if you want to actually talk to your dinner companions.
4	Cabo fish taco has consistently good food and great atmosphere.  Unique flavors and good margaritas make this a good buy.  Local area has great bars and art galleries to travel to after your meal.
4	I love fish tacos but good ones are hard to find!  We had the bbq bacon wrapped scallops as an app, the avocados were so fresh and the slaw they came with was yummy.  The complimentary corn salsa that came with the chips was full of flavor.  The blackened mahi tacos were delicious with just enough toppings and the tortillas were great!
3	3.5 stars. I ordered the shrimp tacos with rice & beans. I'd give the tacos 4 stars, everything else 3... Taco orders come with 2 sizable tacos & one side. Mine came with lightly battered & fried shrimp, tomatoes, guacamole, shredded cheese, shredded cabbage (coleslaw style, minus the dressing), and a delicious white sauce on a house-made, slightly crispy white flour tortilla. The rice was slightly overcooked and the beans slightly under, without much flavor. Also, they serve chips with a mixture of corn, tomato, cilantro & lime juice which is particularly hard to eat. Salsa would've been nice...Go for the tacos - they got the name right.
1	very loud place.  I had some sort of burrito that had ... wasabi in it... It tasted pretty bad.
3	We eat here regularly and have been working our way through the menu. All of the shrimp and grilled tacos are excellent and the namesake Cabo Fish Taco is decent. They changed their menu around recently and the newly added carne asada taco is great--tender, juicy steak with nice chunks of jalapeno for some kick. The side dishes are inconsistent, but at their worst are pretty good. The only negative is that sometimes dishes can be a little sweet and... cinnamon-y? Especially the corn salsa and refried beans.The service is laid-back and can occasionally be sloppy. At times, it seems like the staff can't handle big crowds, which is inexcusable for a restaurant that's consistently packed-with-waiting-list on Friday and Saturday nights.
1	I've always been amazed this place has been around as long as it has and gets mentioned so much as a "must" place to eat...its average AT BEST, everything except for the tacos is decent to fair (and how bad can u screw up a taco?), and the service/wait staff, even after all these yrs they've been open, is spotty at best, I.E. the kind of service you'd expect in a new place, not one thats been open for yrs like this place...plus its WAY overpriced for what u get
3	I went on a Thursday night at about 7 so I expect to wait a little. The problem with that is, there is NO place to wait. the doorway was so crowded the hostest couldn't get to the people that had been waiting. Also people that were waiting in the bar overflowed into the tables of people eating. Once I sat down, we were in a an overflowed table. It was weird to eat with people's rears in your face. The salsa was great. All the ingredients were fresh and delicious. I wish the chips were hot, like they are at other tex-mex restaurants. The meal I ordered was a burrito Verde (I don't eat fish). It was not really that good, the veggies didn't really go together. It tasted like they just took every veggie in the kitchen and threw it in there. I would not order this again. The service was also not so great. I went in with three other girls and when we asked for our check to be separate we got some attitude. My water glass was empty about half the time. Overall if I went on an off night (which from the other reviews doesn't seem like there is one and ordered something different it would be OK.
4	when other establishments (which will remain nameless) closed early, my charlotte tour-guides turned to Cabo for dinner.The 4 of us all got different selections, and everything was pretty damn good. the tacos were well portioned, and the price was right.i even had a bowl of black-bean soup and didn't poop myself on the way home, so it was a win-win situation all around!
2	Okay, I'm from San Diego. I love everything Mexican and Fish Tacos are a must. Unfortunately, I've found this place to be more trendy than good. When I received my fish tacos they looked like what I expected except for one thing. If the fish was breaded at the restaurant then why bother breading fish pieces. The fish itself was fine but I received pieces. Typically, if you cut the fish correctly you won't have pieces. The batter was okay but I've fish sticks for Gorton's that were better. The batter had absolutely no flavor. It just seemed that someone took the time to decorate but I felt that I was served leftovers. I'm going to look somewhere else for fish tacos in the future.If you ever in San Diego then try Rubio's, which is a fast food fish taco place and they seem to know what to serve the customer and what not to serve the customer. Cabo's didn't feel that way. At I could have received the same dinner for half the price but with a lot more flavor.
4	I love the Silver Surfer Margarita here. Service can sometimes be spotty but I can overlook that for this place. Lots of beers on tap too! The NODA area is a great place for a night out. Live music, great food and fun people. Cabo is definitely one of my favorite casual restaurant/bars in Charlotte to hang out with friends and people watch. The food has been inconsistent lately. I've been sticking to the Shrimp Tacos. The complimentary chips have been really stale and nasty lately. Love the bigger space and two bar areas as well as the outside seating.
1	the best part of this meal was the salsa and chips.  Service sucked we waited a good ten minutes before anyone came to our table after being seated, and it wasn't busy. Guacamole was missing something just didn't taste like guac- it was missing something, but not sure what.  My salad was not very good, The veggies were cut to thick, and obviously cut way earlier in the day as they were starting to wilt. Any of the seeds that the wrote about on the menu were obviously plated first as they weren't seen until the end. Chicken was suppose to be spicy- it was bland although cooked decently.  The fish taco that my wife had was disappointing and lack luster.  It was very uninspired, the blackened mahi mahi was well not blacked the cheese was just kinda there the only redeeming part of it was a white cilantro sauce.   Overall food would be a 2 but service is a 1.  that combo wont be bring me back.
4	Love it! I visited Cabo Fish Taco a few years ago on my very first trip to Charlotte.  Since I enjoyed it so much then, I requested a repeat visit when I headed back to Charlotte last month.  I was not disappointed.I went all out with soup and an entree.  My soup was of the curry shrimp and chicken variety.  It was on the Specials board and sounded too interesting to pass up.  On a rare (I'm told) snowy night in Charlotte, this soup was the perfect way to start my meal.  Oh, accompanied of course with a delicious margarita, of course!For my main course I chose the mahi tacos with rice and beans.  It did not disppoint.  I was so full from the soup that I really didn't need to eat it all but I certainly did.  My co-diners were less than thrilled with their main entrees however one of them also thoroughly enjoyed the soup so it wasn't a total loss for them.  Overall the experiece was good for all and when they go back (sadly without me!) I am sure they will go back to their old favorites.  SInce I have been back, the restaurant has expanded and so combined with the snow, that meant that we did not have to wait for a table although that might not be the case on a normal Charlotte night.  Out of towners, I suggest you ask your hosts to take you there on your next visit!
2	The Good, the bad and the ugly.  Are you ready?  My waitress forgot my bloody mary, but she did bring me water.  Hey, thanks.  The chips were cold, cold like the bag was sitting outside.  The pico they serve with the chips had sad winter tomatoes and canned corn in it, also served refrigerator cold.  BRRRRRRR.I ordered the special, wasabi shrimp burrito, it was not made with love. The flour tortilla was cold, it must be really cold in their kitchen.  The shrimp inside the burrito were good, if you took a shrimp bite it was warm but the burrito wasn't consistant, so some bites would be cold cheese and cold flour tortilla.  MMMMMMM, yum.It is such a cute little place, maybe I will stick with drinking margaritas. As Homer Simpson would say, "mmmmmmm. donuts/beer/erotic cakes."
2	Meh.  Yeah, that's about right.  The atmosphere at CFT is fun, and I really like the vibe in NoDa.  That being said, the food and the service at CFT leave a lot to be desired.We ordered fish tacos (what else?) - I had the blackened Mahi and my friend had the breaded whitefish.  The whitefish on her tacos was completely bland, and the breading was far too thick for fish that was to be served on tacos.  My tacos were better - the Mahi-Mahi was actually pretty tasty - but unfortunately nothing was hot.  The rice and beans were lukewarm, and the tacos didn't even come out that hot.  Not appealing at all.  The corn salsa that is served to you when you sit down is really unimpressive, too.  The chips are tasty, but the salsa is totally worthless.The worst part of CFT was the service.  I don't know if she was just having a bad day, but our server was down right rude.  On more than one occasion I thanked her for bringing me something (my food or a beer) only to have her say nothing in return.  I was not at all impressed.  Moreover, I would have liked to have ordered another beer.  I just wasn't given the opportunity to do so until we were done with everything.I will probably go back, for I did find the atmosphere to be fun, but if it isn't better on the next visit then I think I will be done with CFT.
5	Just had the BBQ Mahi tacos AGAIN!  This place has the most unbelieveable fish tacos.  So far I've tried the whitefish, blackened mahi-mahi and the BBQ mahi-mahi tacos always with black-beans and rice.   They are all excellent.
4	Today was my 1st time at CFT.  And I have to admit...it was really REALLY good!I love the laid back atmosphere.  The waitress was the BEST!  I work in the service industry and I always expect amazing customer service everywhere I go, and she deserves 5 stars!  I hate coming to a new restaurant and the wait staff doesn't explain the menu/concept.  She was very very thorough and so personable.  Some wait staff can be a little too personable and it can get annoying.  But she was the perfect amount.  She explained the menu very well to someone like me who is very indecisive.  And our drinks and chips were never empty (and we had a table of 8). I think some people may not like the salsa.  It's mainly corn, red onion, tomatoes, lemon juice, cilantro, and maybe some green peppers.  I loved it.  Nice and simple.  I had the tuna rancheros.  It was so good!  The tuna was cooked perfectly and the tomatoes were so juicy and sweet.  I had a bite of my friend's beer battered shrimp taco and it was amazing.  I regretted not getting it, but oh well, I'll just have to go back!I will definitely be back...very soon!
4	Goto place for tacos in Charlotte!  My favorite is the Epic Tuna Burrito! Yum!!! Also love the neighborhood for wandering.  A great choice all around!
2	I've been here a few times, but my last visit is the one that warranted a review. I won't compare their tacos to a real Baja fish taco, as they are two different animals - so here is an unbiased review...hopefully I was going to give them a 3, as the experience with the waitress was very strange. After we got through our meal though, she seemed to warm up a lil' and had a change of heart. But then I just remembered #6 so back to 2 it is. Ya ready? 1. I asked for corn tortillas and the reply was simply "no" followed by silence.....ooooookaaaay awkward, moving on, forget I ever asked. 2. Queso dip = yuck. Chips were cold and stale and the dip was very watery. 3. Black bean soup = double yuck. Pureed black beans. Dark black soup is not appealing, lol. Even worse when it's bland. 4. White Fish Tacos = Okay, not bad. Lightly battered, but fairly crispy. a. But they sprinkled parsley on the taco. Parsley??? Parsley is NOT a substitute for cilantro. 5. Baja rice. Really? It was rice pilaf with a mango salsa puree on top. Pilaf, and baja rice are two very different flavors. Plus the rice was crunchy and kinda bland. It was called Baja, so I expected some type of Spanish rice, lol. 6. My rice had hair in it. I'll come back though.... for drinks. It's a pretty cool spot, minus the food. And As TR P mentioned, you can tell, you can taste that the food just wasn't made with any love or care. Quality was nonexistent. On the positive side though, it is in Noda.
4	Food is good. Drinks are good. Expanded restaurant means that the waits are much shorter than they used to be. Seems cliche but the fish tacos are the way to go here. House margaritas are delicious and inexpensive (they also have an El Cheapo Marg that I think is only $3), but the house is way better and still a bargain at $5. Enjoy!
4	Good food, good location.  For the people that are complaining about the free chips being stale, its kinda hard to find a place where the free chips aren't stale.  Service has something to be desired.
5	Live in Miami. Was in Charlotte and had a recommendation from someone in Miami that if I ever go back to Charlotte I had to come here. I eat a lot of fish tacos. I typically don't delve into the realm of baja(breaded) and didn't here either. The tortillas for the blackened fish tacos were amazing. Made me a believer. I am moving to charlotte on June 1 and you better believe this will be one of my first stops on the checklist every week!
3	Yes, Cabo Fish Taco seems to be like a mecca for the throngs of people standing on the street corner waiting to get in on a gallery crawl Friday night in NoDa.  And Guy Fieri stopped by to film his Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives show for food network there.  And it is known to be a favorite of NASCAR driver, Kasey Kahne.  But it is also just plain old solid food.The owners finally knocked out the wall and expanded into the adjacent space after years of slowly doing the construction themselves and it was worth the wait.  They did a fine job adding the nicely finished surfboard bar as well as a refreshing street side outdoor dining area.  If you close your eyes you can imagine that the cars driving by are the sound of waves crashing... alright maybe not...The fish tacos are obviously good.  The barbecue mahi mahi is insanely tasty.  Personally, I stick with the shrimp tacos when I am going the taco route.  And that is only because there was a lot of inconsistency with the steak tacos.  Sometimes extremely oversalted.The wraps are also good as I am a fan of the Southwest Chicken wrap.  The combination of just enough spicy with the cooling cucumbers is the key.For heavier fare, the Surf and Turf Pasta is good.  Plenty of shrimp and steak with bowtie pasta.  Although, it would be easier to eat if they finished prepping the shrimp by taking off the tails.  Sometimes, you just don't feel like eating with your fingers.The margarita menu is expansive and good.  When the mood hits me, the Silver Surfer satisfies.  Otherwise, they have a solid beer selection to choose from.Yes, the chips are usually cold, and the corn in the free salsa is canned.  But if you throw in a side of queso, it will curb the appetite that you built up while waiting on the street...
4	I only go here on NON gallery crawl nights...the fish tacos are perfection with mexi-slaw and a margarita   The staff is hip and attentive.  The only thing I wish I could change about this place is the corn salsa that comes with the chips.  Prices are excellent and I love the new addition!
3	Place was a NoDa legend but has slipped. Last few times were 2 or 3 star at best. Place has a ton of character but just not focused on giving excellent food. Margaritas = not good (cmon! It's mex!). Tortillas = stale (isn't this a staple for a place like this?). Entrees are hit and miss. That said, I hope they get things on track and they stick around.
4	You wont find better fish tacos in Charlotte. The BBQ Mahi tacos are great as well as the Tuna with Honey Wasabi Sauce. The atmosphere is cool and the specials are usually really good. Did another reviewer actually complain about the price? This is one of the most reasonably priced fish restaurants in town.
5	After reading all of these reviews... I am surprised. I think of Cabo as "mine" just because I LOVE IT so much!! So to see others talking badly is strange.Ok..the cold corn salsa is supposed to be cold! Does anyone heat up chips at home? I don't, but at any rate the chips always seem fine to me.The wait staff is very rushed and busy, because as MANY people have stated...the line is ALWAYS out the door. Cabo is my favorite place to eat when I am wanting something special. It's a great date spot. I always get a fish/shrimp taco plate. The mexi-slaw is to die for!  I actually came across this post trying to find the copycat recipe! :)
1	This place is awful.  I had heard good things about it before going, and thought from the name that it would be really fresh and authentic.  I couldn't be more wrong.  You get chips and salsa to start - but its not even salsa.  Its a bowl that looks like they threw a handful of canned corn in the bottom, chopped some tomatoes and onions on top and then added in some picked cactus.  It was vinegary and just bad.  I asked if they had some other salsa, and they brought me a ketchup flavored bowl of yuck.... On to the main course... I ordered the beer battered shrimp tacos, thinking the seafood tacos would be their star dish.  The tortillas were fried, the shrimp had no flavor, and it just tasted greasy and bland.  This place probably stays in business because it is one of the onyl restaurants on the block.  Save yourself the money!
4	Not only the best mexican in Charlotte, but the most fun place to eat it.  Chicken Quesadilla is awesome (I have ordered it as both an appetizer and entree in the same meal before, it is that good), colorful waitstaff, good margaritas and large selection of mexican beer at a good price.  A few months ago they had a waiter that looked and acted like captain Jack Sparrow and somehow pulled it off (although he kept calling me darling).  No reservations, be prepared to wait (only downside).  Skip the queso.  Fish taco is also solid.  Make sure you don't go on a gallery crawl night or it will be a 2+ hour wait.  Also, the hostess here is typically rude and the times they give are meaningless (we were told over two hours and called within 15 minutes) - I wish they would just take reservations or get a decent hostess)
4	I wish my home town of Columbia, SC had a fish taco place just like this, I love fish tacos. Cabo had a ton of energy when I went, the mood and the atmosphere was hip and quaint like the neighborhood it was nesseled in, on a small corner of Charlotte. The service was fast and friendly. Cabo puts a good foot forward with it's corn salsa and chips that come out before meal, I could have just ate this. When I received my beer battered fish taco my first thought was wow is that food or art. My second thought when I bit into it was grease is the word is the word, can I get a towel over here. Over all Cabo was good I might come back sometime, but I think I'll ask them to towel off my taco next time.
4	Cabo Fish Taco in the NoDa section of Charlotte is an enjoyable place to eat.  Not only is it close to New Life Theological Seminary where I work, but they consistently have great food and great service.  I could make a meal off of the salsa and chips; it is fantastic.   My personal favorite is the Southwest Chicken Wrap, I rank it the best in Charlotte!  This time of the year you can choose a fresh summer fruit cup as a side, an added bonus.The restaurant is always busy and can sometimes be a little noisy, not the place to hold a business luncheon and parking is limited.
2	I live in NoDa but tend to avoid Cabo because I have never really had a great experience there.  And I actually wonder what I am missing when I read other peoples rave reviews.  But I was working from home on Fri and some former co-workers were heading there so I decided to suck it up and meet them.It was packed at 12:15 and even though the 3 others were there they wouldn't seat them until I arrived.  Seemed odd for a place like that but okay.  When our waitress came by she was very abrupt with us and kind of slapped the menus on the table.Someone else came by and threw the chips and salsa down.  My main complaint with this place is the chips suck, like seriously w/o fail everytime I go there they taste stale and cold.  Do they keep them in a fridge??  Not good.We split the crab and shrimp dip appetizer, it was good and they pita crisps they give you tasted fresh.  I had the shrimp tacos w/no cilantro sauce because cilantro  makes me gag!  I was offered some honey wasabi sauce and I accepted but never received it.  Oh well, the tacos were actually pretty yummy on their own.  I got a side of the fruit but didn't eat it because it looks like it was really old and had a congealed look about it, no thanks.Even though the food was good, I still just can't really get into this place, the service, the bad chips, in the past really bad margarita's.  I would much rather hit up Revolution or Solstice if I choose to eat out around home.
4	Wow... My mahi taco wasStuffed and delicious !!! The refried beans too ... If you're in Charlotte... Highly recommend !!!
3	Interesting menu. Tacos were fun (white fish, shrimp, and BBQ maki), and one taco a-la-carte with a drink would make a good, cheap meal.The tortilla chips were mediocre and fried taco shell was not my style, so minus 2 stars.Water Snob says: thumbs down for icky tap water. Will order a beer next time and try something other than a taco.
4	I have been eating at Cabo for years now...before NoDa became the conglomerate that it is now.  The food is consistently good.  The flour tortillas that they use for their tacos are delicious all in their own.  I love the queso dip (the best I've had) and I've eaten at plenty mexican restaurants.  The Wraps are great and filling as are the entrees.  I will say that yes, at times, the chips are stale and the salsa isn't anything to write home about but who cares...it's an appetizer and it's free! I've never been impressed with their Margaritas so I usually stick w/Modelo or a Sweet Tea.  It is also a good place to take out-of-towners or maybe a first date.  It is usually VERY noisy so don't expect to have a super romantic time here unless you are a very laid back type of couple.
5	WOW this place's food is DELICIOUS. I had shrimp tacos with a jalapeno & cheese mashed potatoes. DELICIOUS. The salsa seems more authentic than the typical American style with less liquid sauce and more chunks of tomato & other veggies. DELICIOUS.Service is average. We were originally going to Crepes Cellar but they were closed on Mondays (didn't know) so we went across the street. 10:35pm (close at 11) and the staff let us in to eat. (Points from me!) And the place still had a good number of people!Good for a casual meal with friends and family. Definitely worth a visit or two or several.
1	I can not, for the life of me figure out how/why Food Network came to this hole.I live within walking distance, and you couldn't pay me to eat here again.Tortillas are cold and chewy, STALE chips, nasty wanna be "real" salsa. Fish tacos have no taste, shrimp tacos came out ice cold. They make you wait forever, service is meh.....Overall, I can't figure out how this place has stayed in business for so long. Maybe because it has become a "hip spot" for those without taste buds.
4	I've been there once and loved it!  The fish tacos are delish and who doesn't like a nice little trip to NoDa?
4	When I was 18 years old, they served me alcohol without carding me and the bartender was very friendly. I suppose this wasn't very responsible of them, but I did have a nice time there regardless.
2	Not impressed the food was over seasoned and even the patio was loud.Should cactus salad have cactus? Mine didn't.I have to lean towards Bill M's response. I think the name and location makes this a so called "hip"place to go. I just prefer to taste my food not have it covered up with "a hint of lime"which must have been a whole lime. Not real anxious to go back but who knows.
2	I've not been crazy about my last few visits to Cabo Fish Taco. The food is still good, but the servers keep getting grouchier and grouchier. The last few times I was there, it wasn't very busy, but our server was inaccessible and grouchy. Boo.
2	Tried the fish tacos and they weren't really exciting. The place seems like a nice place to hang out and grab some drinks with friends but it's not worth a special trip.
4	Cabo Fish Taco is one of the most hoppin' restaurants in Charlotte and for good reason:  tasty fresh Cali-Mex (or Baja) food, cool ambience, fresh salsa, and its proximity to all the hightlife joints in NoDa.  However, the place is somewhat "tainted" by their reputation.  I've never been when it wasn't packed and the servers weren't rushing us to order.Dont' get me wrong-I still highly recommend that people try Cabo.  Just try it out for lunch or whenever the gallery crawls in NoDa are not taking place.  I've had the taco salad with chicken and on another occasion, carne asada tacos-both of which were slammin'!  The carne asada tacos uses chunks of well seasoned meat-with onion, cilantro, and romaine lettuce.  I was exceedingly full after eating just two of them.  The salad screamed freshness as well; chunks of real chicken, romaine lettuce, and other fresh veggies and cheeses.  Mmm mmm!  if you dare go on a weekend night, please be gracious to the wait staff.  They work pretty hard and brought our food in a timely fashion despite the crowds.  If I could offer any suggestions to Cabo, I would tell them hire more wait staff for the weekends.  The service doesn't quite match the quality of food.  Perhaps they could open up the upstairs for dining as well.  Overall, I'm pleased to have a restaurant like this in CLT.
3	Okay folks, this is it. My final verdict, the end all be all of my Cabo reviews. I've had more than enough visits to add them up and divide them by pi. Cabo's perimeters were empty and the streets of Noda were barren. No gallery crawl, so lunch was to be served unadulterated and uninterrupted. It all started on a sunny Sunday afternoon with amazing weather and a $2 can of Modelo. The service was friendly, the patio was ideal, and the food came out hot and fast. Chips are no longer cold and instead of the regular fried White fish tacos, I decided to switch it up and opted for the special Tav-ah-roo tacos. The Tuna still wasn't anything special, but the wasabi sauce was pretty fabulous. Blackened tuna tacos were also so/so, along with the sides. Cabo still hasn't made the upper echelon as far as my personal favorites, but still a very cool spot with decent food and a nice break from the norm.
3	Cabo is a very busy place- even on a Tuesday night! Luckily we were a party of 2 and were seated pretty quick. The food tasted good and fresh, but I had very high expectations based on the reputation they have in Charlotte. I was hoping for a little more flavor.Contrary to some of the other reviews, I didn't feel rushed even though they were jammin'. I went with a friend and we were catching up for quite a while, but our waitress was friendly and didn't rush us, which I appreciated. Parking can be difficult, like most places in NoDa, so plan to cruise around a little. Overall I think Cabo has a fun atmosphere for grabbing drinks and something to eat, but it isn't a "go out of your way" establishment.
4	Cabo is more like a 3.5 for me, but I'm going to give it the benefit of a doubt and round up.  I went for the first time for lunch the other day after hearing about it's awesomeness from pretty much everyone.  I enjoy the concept - fish tacos are great!  The corn salsa was mild, but different and good.  I got the tuna tacos and thought they were good but not phenomenal.  There were a lot of flavors going on and I don't think they really complemented each other.  Also, the tortilla was a little dry/crunchy.  I'd prefer a little softer, otherwise it equates in my mind as stale.  The service was good, but we did go at a less busy time.  I enjoyed the strange green people art on the walls.  I will try to avoid this place during peak hours but will go back if I'm looking for something different during lunch.
4	Cabo has been receiving a lot of mixed review lately. Some say that the food has been over hyped and that the food didn't live up to it. Today I dined At Cabo Fish taco and I must say that most (not all things) were actually really delicious. I'Ve been to Cabo many many times and for the most part I loved it. Today was no different. We walked in around 5 and was sat quickly. We ordered The Cabo Roll and Blackened Mahi Tacos. We got the signature corn salsa and chips which would have been been nice if they were a little warm. The salsa needed a little salt. Overall I like the jazzed up idea of the corn salsa. There has been dispute about how they don't get the whole non-tomato based salsa idea. Well let me tell you this: most restaurants that offer a salsa that is slightly blended usually arrives via sysco trucks in a jug labeled Pace Picante. Im all for FRESH foods, not a product that is heated and cooled and shipped thousands of miles!The Cabo roll was filled with cheese and rather large chunks of both crab and shrimp. It was tasty but the guac needed onions, lime juice and instead of rolling the ball in cilantro it should have been mixed in. maybe a little salt too.As always the tacos are always a favorite. My personal fav is the Diablo shrimp, today however we ordered, and loved the blackened mahi mahi. The fish was perfectly cooked not dry or over cooked at all!!! I absolutely love their sour cream and lime sauce they use on almost everything... nom nom nom.I know service is kinda wonky but today they were on par.love Cabo will be back.!
3	I had the "special" which was a grilled scallop taco with pineapple salsa and the jalapeno/cheddar mashers.  It was tasty but it didn't blow my mind.  However the crab/shrimp dip with deep fried pita triangles was ON POINT.  I could eat that all day, everyday!Service was very attentive even on a busy Friday night!
3	i am a mexican food maniac, so this restaurant with a catchy name and just 5 minutes from home, immediately moves up my favorite places to stop list and who doesn't LOVE the skull and crossbones artwork on the patio right now?!i stopped in with a friend for lunch yesterday around 1pm, we indulged in the corn salsa and chips & an order of the guacamole (all of average quality, but i am a sucker for a starch dipped in avocado mush, yum!) i proceeded with one of my favorites the carne asada tacos sans cheese with a side of mexi-slaw and it did not disappoint.  everything on the menu is fairly priced, the specials are always an option worth exploring and the mexican beers available make me happy :) only issue i had yesterday were some hiccups in the service, while seated immediately we waited awhile for our waters, waited even longer for our tacos and then again for refills and the check..but it was A-OK and i will definitely be back!
4	I know cabin has been getting mixed reviews lately... but I'm still a fan! I've been going for a couple years. It used to be so popular that the wait was ridiculous. Glad they expanded and have more seating now.Everything I've had here has been great! Just thinking about the fish tacos while writing this review make me want to go eat.
3	This small dive is overall good!They have what their name states, Fish Taco's!It is very good, but a bit pricy!You get a little less then you would expect portion wise, but the taste for the food is good!The atmosphere is really great!Very fun place to go for a quick meal!
4	Great place to visit while in Charlotte. I saw it on "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives" so figured we'd give it a try, great choice!
3	I'm a fan of fish tacos, so this place definitely hits the spot.  When I visited, I tried the Jerk Flounder Burrito and the Shrimp/Crab Dip appetizer.  Both were pretty tasty, but probably not any more special than dishes I've had before.  And,  don't expect the food here to be of any authentic Mexican quality.I do really like the ambiance.  It's a nice casual place to go with friends, although it does get kind of noisy.  I've also heard that weekends are pretty packed, but I went on a Thursday night, and it was fine.
2	Ugh, stale chips mixed in w/ fresh chips. That's weak. My wife whose gluten intolerant, asked for corn tortillas since it's a taco place and the waitress said all they had was flour tortillas. I ordered the special which had green peppers in the tacos. Since I'm not a fan of green peppers I requested the special w/ out the peppers.  Five mins. later the waitress came back and said the "chef" couldn't take the peppers off my tacos as the special was a "pre-mix". Pre-mix?! It's a damn taco, not French bouillabaisse! Once I heard that I knew I'd never eat here again. The food was decent but I'm not going back again.
5	Long before Cabo Fish Taco was featured on the Food Network, one of my friends raved about it, and still does.  I don't live all too close to NoDa, so I don't make it to the hood to often.  When I do, the line is usually backed up out of the door.  Recently, I won a free dinner for Cabo in a raffle at a Charlotte Checkers game.  Today, we hit up NoDa since I also had free tickets to the UNCC basketball game and it was on the way there for us.  We went about 5 o'clock, so there weren't too many people when we first got there.  The young man who sat us seemed stoned, drunk, hungover, grumpy, or all of the above.  That was the only negative of our experience.  My wife had some tuna tacos which were delicious and I had some steak tacos which were also delicious.  Our waitresses were very nice, friendly and helpful.  Cabo is probably a better place to go for lunch based on the portions and price, but it was fine for dinner for us.  Very fresh, very tasty, and overall just a cool place with a good vibe.
5	glad they expanded! as for a review it is simple, i am going to say this and only this..... best fish tacos in town...period
4	Another restaurant visit inspired by Food Network's Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives. Went with my friend while visiting her in Charlotte. Was very excited to try their fish tacos and was not let down!The meal started with their unique corn salsa, a delicious mix of corn kernels, green bell pepper and tomoatoes served with tortilla chips.For lunch I ordered their Tuna tacos with a honey wasabi sauce which was served with a side of mashed potatoes mixed with jalapeno peppers sliced in and cheese. The tacos were excellent with plenty of tuna and the wasabi sauce was unique, tasty and had the right amount of kick to it. While mashed potatoes are not usually thought of as a Mexican side dish, they were delicious and the jalapenos and cheese really added to their flavor. The whole meal washed down with a local Charlotte craft beer was the perfect lunch on a cold winter afternoon!
4	Delicious fish tacos.  It's a little crowded, but the food was great.
5	Best fish taco I've had outside of San Diego.  Service is fast and courteous, cheap drinks and the corn salsa is fantastic.
4	I'm a huge fan, but twice after going, I've had my credit card numbers stolen. Happened to my fiance, and just found out this happened to my friend, too. Four times seems a little more than a coincidence and the only thing in common is a recent visit to Cabo. (Just heard about three more instances. That makes 7!)Love it, but use cash.And I highly recommend the BBQ Mahi tacos - best thing on the menu. Great flavor!
5	Cabo Fish Taco is one of my personal favs in Charlotte (and I'm  a former restaurant co-owner and native Charlottean).  Been going for years and it's hard for me not to get the same thing every time...Cabo's signature tacos with beer battered white fish:  two flour tortillas stuffed with cabbage, tomato, avocado, mixed cheeses, & finished with their white cilantro sauce.  And I'm not even much of a seafood eater.  Back in the day the thought of eating a fish taco would have grossed me out.  But going to Cabo in Noda is a different experience that everyone in Charlotte should try at least once, seafood lover or not....
4	Was very leery of a fish-taco place... but I am sold!!! I am trying to talk my other half into giving it a go...and I am betting he will be converted too!Went with a friend who knows all the out of the way, non-chain places to eat. Had the corn salsa-yum! Liked the beer-batter fish. Very crowded, not big on the "ambience"...but it was soooo good!
4	This is the 86th review of this restaurant so it's hard to make too many fresh comments, but I'll at least put my score into here for statistical purposes.  I cruised through the NoDa area and when I saw Cabo I recalled the decent Yelp! reviews so I figured I'd give it a try.  I went on a Monday night so it wasn't too busy (the rest of NoDa was a ghost town) and the service was prompt and friendly.  I ordered the jalapeno & cheese 'mashers' which I presupposed meant mashed potatoes.  Unfortunately, I was giving the beans and rice, kind of a downer as my GF ordered the beans and rice and we wouldn't get to see what both sides were like.  In the server's defense, she did ask a moment after bringing it out if everything came out right.  I enjoyed everything else enough to just overlook the error.  The chips and salsa were good and, as this was my first time here, came as a bit of a pleasant surprise.  Price-wise I think it was about what I expected $22 for two meals w/ water and tax+tip.  If it was half that price I'd be here everyday perhaps.  One more note, they let me switch the cilantro (yuck) white sauce for honey wasabi (yummy) sauce without a problem.
3	We really wanted this place to be better. We saw it on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and thought we would give it a try. We loved their house special of fried white fish taco - it was delicious but needed a little more sauce. The house-made cole slaw was dry and cabbage pieces cut too large. The tuna tacos were good but the tuna was overcooked. The queso had a nice consistency and flavor.The service was fine but nothing really stood out. It is a great casual affordable option in NoDa with good margaritas.
3	I've heard great things about this place and I was dying to see what all the hype was about.  I came with some friends on a Saturday evening around 7pm, and let me just say BAD timing.  The place was packed and we had to wait almost an hour to get seated (there were 5 in our group).  There are 2 bars and we were able to grab beers and chat while we were waiting, but it was so packed there wasn't a whole lot of room for us even in the bar area.After we were finally seated our food was served to us by a frustrated little man.  He seemed agitated and he wasn't very pleasant.  I had the signature tacos, one with beer battered white fish and the other was beer battered shrimp just to make sure I got my fill of fried goodness.  I ordered the jalapeno and cheese mashers (mashed potatoes topped with shredded cheese and chopped jalapenos from a jar) which I thought were pretty tasty.  My tacos were decent but seemed to be lacking flavor, maybe needed more sauce of some sort.  They seemed dry and I nearly choked on the lettuce and tortilla shell because it felt like eating paper.Parking is extremely limited especially on a busy weekend night.  The prices are decent and they had a fairly good selection of beer on tap.  Overall this would be a great place to stop in for lunch but I definitely won't be back for dinner.
3	Nice atmosphere and not too busy during the week.The good: Chips were free and tasty and my veggie wrap was pretty perfect. My side for my wrap was rice and beans and the rice actually tasted authentic- reminded me of the Puerto Rican home cooking I had while visiting Miami. And lastly their salsa they give you at the beginning is fresh and unique (full of fresh onion, corn and etc).The bad: The waitress was a bit short with me and my friend- which wasn't cool. She took a while to get us our drinks and checks (When it wasn't that busy).Oh well, I probably won't drop in here again unless I'm just hungry and stranded in downtown NoDa.
5	Great dishes, and service and food. Can't wait to go back
4	My friends and I arrived at 6:00pm on a Friday and the place was nearly filled, but luckily we were seated after arrival. The waitstaff checked up on the table frequently and brought more chips and corn salsa once we were out. Chips were salted and the ingredients in the corn salsa were fresh, however,  the salsa was spiceless. We ordered guacamole for the table and it was good, also not spicy. I expected my tuna burrito to be pretty bland judging from the corn salsa and the guacamole, but the cilantro sauce added the spiciness I was after. The tuna was delicious! I also had the Cheapo margarita and that was very smooth.
3	I've heard crazy good things about Cabo but it didn't really live up to its reputation.  The food was decent but I just wasn't blown away.  I love guac so I had to try it as an appetizer.  It was tasty but after you eat through the top layer of cilantro, peppers and other goodies, it is just meh.  I got the Epic Tuna Burrito for dinner.  It was yummy but I wouldn't especially go back for it.  My biggest peeve was that my margarita was waaaay too sweet.  Another person in my group felt the same way.  We decided to say something since there was obviously something wrong.  Instead of bringing us a new drink they tried to doctor it up.  The waitress said they poured out some of the drink and added more sour mix.  Needless to say, it was horrible.  Also, as a side note, I parked in the bank parking lot across the street and my car got towed.  Be careful and read all the signs :)
5	BEST Fish Taco EVER. I really like fish taco's so I get them a lot. Pretty much most fish taco's are very similar. Cabo's were not and they are the best of the best. It was very busy when I was there on Saturday afternoon. We got there in the late afternoon and there was a line. I got a pre-salivation going. We got in pretty fast and the waitress was fantastic. She took her time going over the menu and giving us tips about the food. We had a few questions and ordered. I had the Tavaroo Tuna Taco's and my GF had the BBQ Mahi Taco's. It did take some time for the taco's to get there and that would be my only complaint but they kept bringing those delicious corn taco chips and the corn salsa so that kept me happy. They had a nice beer list also. Always a big plus for me! Then we saw the taco's and got very happy. These things are huge. My GF and I split ours so I got to have BBQ Mahi also. Wow is all i could say. The sauces and the delicious fish were amazing. I would go back in a heartbeat but since I don't live anywhere near, I am just plain sad :( . There is nothing like this where i live but if I am in Charlotte again in the near future, I will certainly be going back. Hail to the Fish Taco at Cabo's!!!!
4	Yes, I'm a fan. Ate lunch with a client there. The place was busy and that was enough to get his attention off the fact that I didn't take him to a "fine dining" (expensive) establishment.
2	Dropped in around 8pm on a Thursday because my friend hadn't eaten here yet. We had to wait 20-30 minutes. The hostess was a pinch rude when I asked where to stand while we waited (everywhere you stand in that place you're in the way!). I got an a la carte veggie taco which was decent, just oily (enough to make me sick).I think I'm throwing the towel in on you, Cabo. I'll take the 3 miles drive to Plaza to go somewhere worth my money.
5	You cannot go wrong with any of their burritos or tacos. Corn salsa is delish. Margaritas are refreshing. Jalapeno mashers are my favorite side item! Only complaint, sometimes the tuna could be prepared more med rare.
2	Great burritos, god awful service.  It seems like they do some kind of misguided communal attempt at serving here, and then none of the servers communicate with each other so we ended up with multiples of some things and none of others.  Worst of all the servers seemed annoyed with US when we corrected them.  Listen guys, theres a reason that 99% of restaurants have one waiter per table, BECAUSE IT WORKS.On the brightside, the burrito I had was pretty damn good, so was my girlfriends, though I dont remember which ones they were, the fact that 2 different ones were good leads me to believe they have their burrito game on lock.  Unfortunately I dont think I can suffer through the awful service again, but if it ever gets fixed, I'll definetly go back more often, shame really.
3	It was a lot easier to get a seat, grab a taco and leave back when Cabo was a place where mainly those of an artistic bent hung out.  Suddenly Fat City was torn down, more restaurants moved in and NoDa became an acceptable place for the crowd that never left Uptown before that point.  Enter hour-long waits to get food and a slight decline in the quality of the food.  But we all must move forward....Cabo has finally torn down the wall and expanded their restaurant!  Hopefully this will continue to alleviate the wait time and it won't be such a pain in the ass to eat here.  I'm a big fan of the corn salsa and nepalitos salad.  I typically stick with the blackened mahi tacos since the fish on their taco specials is not really as exciting as it used to be.  Service is often quite good, but there are days where it can be piss poor, too.  Overall I'm happy with service, though.  I don't go to Cabo because they make the best tacos I've ever had or because they have an extensive beer menu.  I go to Cabo to eat an above average taco, drink some cheap Mexican beer (probably from a can AND with an unnecessary piece of citrus fruit) and enjoy a sunny day outside while sitting inside.  I also like to stare at Will Puckett's art and wish that I actually had the talent to paint.
4	Best fish tacos in CLT!
4	I love Cabo - the food is great! I have never had a bad fish taco here.  Love the beer.  Love hanging out with my friends here and meeting new ones.  This is a MUST visit place in Charlotte and I feel that it anchors the NoDa area.
2	Nope, this isn't the real deal. You want a real fish taco? Head to the Baja or the California coast. BUT, locals rave about this place. If you don't have any point of reference, then apparently it's highly recommended. It redeems itself in cold brew.
4	Very good restaurant, love the decor, feel and great fish taco's. Good beers
5	Their fish tacos are the best in Charlotte! SO DELICIOUS! And they always have a great draught selection. I LOVE CABO!
4	Corn salsa is OK, some people love it though. I got the special, teriyaki salmon tacos, and they were awesome. Best fish tacos I ever had.  They came with a wasabi sauce that was rather mild in flavor but satisfying.  The other fish tacos are pretty good.Great atmosphere!  I will be back.  They always have decent drink specials too.
4	Generally I am a fan if I stick to what I know I likeThe beer battered shrimp cabo-tacos. When I get this I am a happy camper...but I have tried other things that fall short.Chips and corn salsa can go either way- sometimes they are fresh and delicious - sometimes they are stale and not so delicious. I had the lemon tuna tacos yesterday and they were just-ok. I like my tuna on the rarer side so this didn't really do it for me. The cabo fish tacos are just ok in my opinion -although I am not a huge fried fish eater. I am not so into the steak tacos either. The jalapeno mashers  are really tasty although they certainly are not the most health conscious choice Margaritas are pretty standard here. I've had good luck in terms of service and the place itself is really cool.Solid 3.5-4 ( 4 if I get my go-to meal)
4	This is a very cool spot. I thought the atmosphere was very nice. It had a very authentic Mexican appeal with the furnishings, etc. The drinks were 'OK' priced..the pre-meal complimentary salsa and chips were fantastic. I asked if they were fat and calorie free..and the waitress assured me that they were not...but the salsa was very fresh.The tacos I ordered were good...seemed a bit dry, but I'm not sure exactly how juicy fish can be...it was my first time enjoying fish in a taco..so it was a good experience.
3	Happened to stumble upon this place while hanging out in the NODA District (the artsy part of town) Convinced my date to give this place a try since I was in the mood for Mexican food anyhow, was kinda busy for a Tuesday evening so I figured that must be a good sign that they get regulars to come in. We were seated, given menus and told about the drink specials which were sort of bleh so we stuck with soft drinks. They followed it up with some complimentary corn salsa & chips, thank god they don't charge for it. The taste was very bland and forgettable but still a nice gesture nonetheless. Luckily, they kept their namesake intact because there fish taco's were quite tasty, not a huge portion but certainly filling enough to get your money's worth. I went with the lemon pepper variety while my date had the more traditional version. Service was a bit sluggish, by the time we finished  our meal I had to flag down our waitress to get our check and get out of there. Certainly a good enough place to dine at whenever I'm on that side of town for poetry, but not a place to really go out of your way for in my opinion. Parking is a little scarce usually have to squeeze a spot on the side of the street or a find a lot a block or so away and work your way back up to the location. All in all, hard to find a good authentic fish taco, so if that's what you have a taste for this place certainly caters to that niche.
4	Casual and excellent food.  Great beer selection.
2	I hate to do this, but I can honestly say I'll never go back. I've had a lot of fish tacos in my time, and they've run the gamut, from stellar to absolutely forgettable. And even the forgettable ones are okay as repeats if I'm really in the mood for fish tacos. But the Cabo tacos are just in a whole nother level of bad. The mahi mahi was so overcooked and dried out I could barely press my fork though it. Eating it felt like chewing through paper. The coleslaw was totally boring. And the cilantro cream was "meh." I also ordered the nopalito salad which was unexceptional (more like a chickpea salad). The chips were stale. The salsa was extremely bland. Yes, I'm from California where you can find the absolute best tacos, so I have to admit that small bias. HOWEVER the carelessness and uninventiveness with which Cabo is approaching their staple meal is unacceptable.I just read in another review that the Food Network came here. What?!
2	everyone loves this place except me. seriously, have you seen all these reviews? people rave about this place but i think it blows. we went there later one night after thinking about getting some fish tacos and we were basically ignored by our waiter all night, which in retrospect was probably a good thing because he looked like he was about to set the place on fire anyway and we didnt want him to start with us.i got blackened mahi fish tacos and they were pretty bland, i didn't finish it and then we waited around to get our check for a while longer wondering if we were about to get our faces burned off by our unhappy server or our check so we could get the hell out of there. when we finally did leave (faces intact) i asked some friends if they had been to cabo fish taco and they said they loved that place. moral of the story: i hate this place but you will probably love it forever.
3	Diners, Drive in and Dives! A must try place! So we trekked out after work yesterday. I love the location, Love the style, people and atmosphere. The place was packed! Everyone seemed to be having a great time and the vibe was hip and cool!Service was a little slow! Chips were average and not fresh, Salsa was nothing much to speak of a bit of a disappointment.I had three taco's Mahi, Shrimp Tara something..... all were good Tara was #1 Shrimp was #2 and Mahi was #3. Mashed Potatoes were forgettable
1	We put in our name and waited 25 minutes, while groups of various sizes, who came in after us--were seated ahead of us. When I checked back with the hostess and pointed to an empty table near her she said, "I'm sorry. I can't seat you there. It's a fire hazaard." Then proceeded to seat another party there. We finally left. Won't be back.
2	I thought every thing was incredibly bland and pretty boring. I had the blackened mahi mahi tuna tacos with rice. Not hot/spicy at all. The chips were good, as well as the guac but the corn "salsa" left something to be desired.
5	First off, this place was on tripple d. Amazing food! Great service! Get the tav-a-roo tuna tacos!
4	great queso with the white cheese.great fish tacos.
3	Hmmm... I wanted to like Cabo so much! But sadly, my sister and I's visit on Friday night fell short from the get go, but wasn't a Pompei-esque meltdown either.I believe the sour taste started as we waited about 2-3 minutes for anyone to notice us standing at the "wait to be seated" sign, despite the place being 3/4 empty. When we got seated, it was obvious our poor waitress was having an off night for whatever reason, but she dropped some chips and "salsa?" with us, and took our orders in a decent time frame so all was well with me. Now the "salsa" is DUMB. Lacking in flavor, tomatoes and spice, this is basically a cup of corn with a few diced tomatoes and some parsley on top. At least that's what it tasted like. Seriously, bring me some damn salsa, none of this corny junk. Turns out though, if you want some salsa, cough up $3.95 and expect it to be green. :'( Not cool, IMO!I got the BBQ Mahi Mahi tacos and it was moist and a good portion, but the white sauce everyone is commenting left me asking "where is it?". I mean, it was definitely on there but I couldn't taste a thing. Sad day. My sister chose the steak wrap and she didn't say a word from first bite to last and that says it all! :DAs sides, she got black beans and rice which she didn't eat much of, and I tried the jalepeno mashers which are basically chunky mashed potatoes with diced jalepenos and unmelted cheese on top. Weak attempt at a side, guys. Get with it.For $20, it was ok but I won't be rushing back soon.
4	So yum!!  Good casual vibe; reggae music playing and an outdoor patio for people watching.  The Cabo Roll Appetizer was filling...should be shared for 3 or more.  I actually REALLY liked the corn salsa w/cilantro & diced tomatoes...it was refreshingly different & more sophisticated than a typical red salsa from a jar.  Beer Battered fish tacos were just ok...put your money on the tuna or the bbq mahi tacos.LOVED Loved Loved the Tavarua Tuna Tacos...I came in thinking that the seared tuna thing has been cliched to death, but their tuna tacos had a really nice flavor, enhanced by their wasabi tuna & kiwi-pineapple fajita sauce.  I think I'm in love.
1	We've been to Cabo Fish Taco several times. It's usually ok. Not terrible food, but surely nothing spectacular either. (disclaimer: my first fish tacos were eaten in Tulum, Quintana Roo, Mexico...most wonderful thing ever.)We went with a group, 6 in all, on Saturday. We arrived about 2:20. Sat, ordered drinks and crab dip. Enjoyed drinks and crab dip, and ordered food, only 5 of us ordered food, all tacos.then we waited...and waited.......and waited....................still waited.About an hour after we ordered the waitress said our food would be ready soon.30 minutes later we asked her again.It was ANOTHER FULL 30 MINUTES before food arrived, cold and awful.They said that their computer system was broken, but somehow they were able to fill every other table's order. We saw others seated, fed, and gone.And the food...cold, how do you cook something at the last minute, but deliver it cold? Our mashed potatoes wouldn't even melt the cheese. The tacos were just...just...there aren't words for how much it sucked.We were in the restaurant until 5:00. Now, I'm all for leisurely eating...but not for this.They did discount our food, but that wasn't the point really. We would have been more than happy to pay full price for a decent edible meal.
4	Good fish tacos. Mahi Mahi and fried shrip are my favorite! Combine it with $2 Tecate with lime and you are on your way to complete satisfaction! Service can be slow at times. When we sat inside it was slower but when we sat at the Patio it was faster. IMO
4	I recommend the Rasta Pasta or the Tavarua Tuna tacos with the honey wasabi sauce! both those entrees were great! I had a fabulous server and a really good experience when i visited.
4	Had the blackened Mahi Mahi tacos - Yum!  Was nice to have a tasty option to fried fish tacos.  Will def be coming back :)
3	Advice: get yourself some tacos and a margarita, and skip the rest :)From a service perspective, I'd give it a "good not great"; there was a time or two when we wanted drink refills, and our waitress almost appeared to be avoiding our table, but otherwise she was friendly and attentive enough.From a food perspective, I didn't really LOVE the Baja Shrimp & Crab dip (although my coworkers were into it, so who knows...maybe I'm crazy), and I've had better queso. They were fine, but I had a little of each and was over them. If I were only rating the tacos and the margaritas, this place would have 4 stars. I had the special that day: talapia tacos that were covered in this delicious, spicy, buffalo-ish sauce and done to perfection...they were seriously yummy. And the Pomegranate margaritas were super delish...but then again, I think all of the margaritas are probably pretty good, from what my coworkers have told me. Definitely worth a stop!
2	This was the first place I checked out in NoDa, and I left so disappointed. Ok, so their claim to fame is fish tacos so that's what I ordered -- the beer battered white fish tacos. The white cilantro sauce was gross; the beer batter overwhelmed the taste of the fish. The corn salsa and chips were stale. The waitress offered to replace the meal, but since the tacos were bad and I was famished, I decide to order something safe . . . like a salad. Ok NoDa, don't let me down again. I am off to find my NoDa dining gem . . .  assuming one exists.
3	I use to really love this place.  The tacos, the beer, the atmosphere... that said it is still OK but not what it once was.  The food has been kind of bland the last few times I have visited and the service has been iffy.  Hopefully, they will wake up and get back to there roots.  I miss the way it use to be.
5	I'm from Southern Cal. Born and raised in East Los Lived in Sun Diego for 11 years. Cabo Fish Taco are authentic and AWESOME!
3	First off, be prepared to wait.  If you go on a weekend night, you will definitely wait, most likely at least an hour depending on what time you get there.  But even though some previous reviewers might disagree with me, I thought that service was reasonably fast once we were inside.  Food was average.  As a vegetarian, I can't have their signature item, so no tacos pour moi, but I still judge places on their veg items.  And what I had wasn't bad at all, it was sort of a grilled California burrito with queso (Burrito Verde).  It was big and I took home a good bit of it.  Had a side of Jalapeno and Cheese Mashers, which was fairly bland.  But prices were fine.  Small but decent selection of beers on tap (Dogfish, etc. when I was there).Overall, I would probably give this place a 2.5.  Though the food isn't great, they don't forget about the vegetarian.  And the wait should be expected.  But its just so LOUD!!!  Have to deduct some points for that.  If I wait, and deal with noise, and then the food is amazing, then its worth the trouble.  But though good, the food here just doesn't justify dealing with waiting/atmosphere.
3	First on service:  The wait was very long and we got the feeling that we were being skipped, but we may have just been paranoid.  Once we got in, the service was fantastic.  Our waitress and accommodating and anticipated a lot of our requests.Second on the food: Two of the three things my girlfriend and I ordered were disappointing, the third was incredible.  Lets start with the bad:  the guacamole looked very manufactured.  It effectively was a scoop of avocado (clearly scooped from a large container) with a number of other toppings (jalapeno, onion, NO tomato) scattered on top.  It took work to mix it into guacamole and still wasn't that good.  The BBQ Mahi Tacos were drowned in a white mayonaisey sauce, which was way too heavy.On the positive side, the Tavarua were incredible.  The Wasabi was perfectly proportioned and the taste was delicate and delicious.
5	I am not a seafood fan at all. The only time I eat it is when I am by the coast and that is out of obligation.That being said, when someone decided we should go to a place that serves fish tacos, I could think of nothing more disgusting. But because I am always willing to try a restaurant's staple dish, I bravely tried a mahi mahi fish taco.I don't get surprised by non-desert foods a lot, but wow!! I loved it! In fact, for the next several days I actually had fish taco cravings. Since that experience I have been to a few places where they recommended their fish taco, hoping to satisfy the craving I would eat them but they were horrible compared to Cabo Fish Taco.I have now been back several times and have even guided a few friends into trying a fish taco. I still don't eat seafood but love these fish tacos. The complimentary homemade salsa is really good too.Word to the wise though, if you have a group bigger than four people, show up really early or plan on a wait. They don't take reservations. And only have a few places that seat bigger parties.
5	EPIC TUNA BURRITO.The name says it all.  But, if you must hear a few more to back up the claim, here are a few: GRILLED YELLOW FIN TUNA WRAPPED WITH BLACK BEANS, RICE, AVOCADO, ROASTED RED PEPPERS MIXED CHEESES & OUR WHITE CILANTRO SAUCE.Hubs and I visited this past weekend  for lunch while seeing friends that live in Charlotte.  They suggested this location as a great place for us to see the art district while having some good options for us all (three omnivores and one mostly-pescatarian)The chips brought out were okay, but the salsa was really good, as well as the guacamole we ordered for the table.  We were seated at the big booth in the front, so it was cool to hear the bustle of the restaurant, but still quiet enough to have some good convo.We all loved the food - me especially!   But the portions are SOOO big.  I ate just half and hubs happily finished mine after he ate his BBQ mahi tacos which he loved as well.  BIG BIG YUM!
5	Love me some Cabo!  There are a ton of tacos to choose from and every one I've ever had has been delish. Generally my wife and I get two different ones and share. Today's visit brought us beer battered Tilapia and BBQ Mahi. Most of the tacos come with minced cabbage, tomato, guacamole, cheese, and some yummy, creamy sauce drizzled on. They start you with some corn, tomato and pepper salsa and chips which is not too spicy but is always fresh tasting. Today we augmented with some queso that was hot, cheesy and tasty with a peppery finish.The atmosphere is funky like most NoDa places and we've always found the service to be fast and friendly. No pretentious hipster vibe here as everyone seems to be deemed cool enough to be treated well by the staff. Always a mix of clientele from the tattooed and pierced to the khaki'd and buttoned down. Nice beer specials too and it was all I could do to lay off the $2 drafts before heading back to cubeville this afternoon!
5	There is nothing better than Blackened Mahi Mahi Tacos and a Silver Surfer Margarita and the only place you can find such a delicious meal is...........CABO FISH TACO!!!!!!I have fallen in love with this place over four years ago and am so very thankful for the expansion and outdoor area.  They could extend the whole block and still have an hour wait on weekends.  I have tried many things on their menu, but I stick with my old faithful because it's crazy good.  I have never actually had bad service there, mostly the wait staff is attentive and very easy going with suggestions about the menu or specials.  Will continue to frequent!  Thank you for being awesome
5	Thanks to other yelp reviews,we knew to arrive early to score a seat at the bar (5:45 sat nt)   and we did! And not moments later the place was packed,like 1 hr 45 min  wait  packed.       Since we scored such golden seats we took our time ordering.  Red stripe for my friend,dos equis draft for me and queso dip to share.  I could have licked the bowl of queso clean it was so good. The free corn salsa was good too. Mild like alot of reviewers mentioned but its fresh made and FREE!  She ordered the tuna burrito and I got the tuvaroo(incorrect spelling) with jalapeno mash -  both were excellent. Prices are just right too. The honey wasabi was different and delightful :)   the bathroom(right behind our seats) was nicer than expected and matched the nice decor of the restaurant. Oh and the host at the door was sooo nice,he made us feel right at home when we walked in.  reminded me of one of my fav  new orleans restaurants, Cabo fish taco is a gem!
3	I can never really decide if I like Guy Fieri.  On the one hand, he seems like a bit of a douche, with the sunglasses on the back of his head and the sweatbands all over the place.  On the other hand, anyone has to be better than Melissa d'Arabian, right?So one of the places that Guy has visited on "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" is Cabo Fish Taco, a funky little place in NoDa, famous for - what else - fish tacos.  The big problem with fish tacos in NoDa should be obvious to just about anyone: Charlotte is nowhere near the ocean.  Any ocean.  Now if they are pulling fish fresh from a nearby lake, cooking it up and plopping it on a taco, then maybe.  Just maybe.  But somehow I do not think that is what we have here.Instead, it is a generally average joint nestled amongst the buildings in NoDa, and it has a reasonable reputation, surely bolstered by their appearance on Triple D.  The service is not bad, but the food?  Really middle-of-the-road.  As has been mentioned, they start you off with this funky corn salsa that is different than what you usually get in this sort of place, but really is not that great.  If the chips are stale, it is worse.Then you pick some tacos.  Most of them are decent, but just not that memorable.  None seem to be outstanding.  When you factor in the need to wait for a table and be jostled about with a crowd, it just may not be worth all the hassle, you know?
5	Steak tacos were great! Manager was great when they ran out of chips. Will return, busy during the day so make time.
4	A friendly environment that has some wild combinations that I would have never thought of, but surprisingly tickle my taste buds that have me coming back for more!  They have great drink specials as well as entree specials that make this place a wonderful place to eat and enjoy your time with friends or family
3	Finally made it and have to say I wasn't truly impressed.  I got one of the tuna tacos with refried beans.  The beans were lukewarm.  Took awhile to get our drinks.  I wasn't impressed with their chips either, needed some salt and some seemed stale. The music was alittle too loud as to where we couldn't hear the waitress and she couldn't hear us.  Dont get me wrong, I"d give it another try but only if I'm in the area, I wouldn't make a special trip.
2	We didn't wait at all to be seated, and our host was very friendly and nice.  Our waiter however could have cared less about us.  Our food was luke warm. I the carne asada taco that left a bad taste in my mouth and the rice that came with black beans reminded bland Uncle Ben's rice.
4	I've never been to Cabo, and I don't like fish tacos. I also don't like paying to park in dodgy gravel lots. However, I do like parking for free about a block down from NoDa's Cabo Fish Taco. There I might see a man in the yard adjacent to my meterless spot, expertly swinging chains with fiery balls attached to the ends. That he was performing for the group of firemen encircling him made it seem somehow normal.You just never know what you are going to get in NoDa. You do, however, know what you are going to get at Cabo Fish Taco.Usually, you'll get a waiting list. They've expanded into the space next door, where the hardwood planks are far less buoyant than those on the original side, and added covered outdoor seating. Their popularity has grown as well, so the extra room is proportionate to the demand. They don't take reservations, and at lunch and  even on weeknights there's sometimes a short wait, so it's best to plan accordingly.You'll always get complimentary salsa. Not the liquefied tomato version of most Tex-Mex eateries, but Cabo Fish Taco's primarily corn, tomato and black bean brand that always has a few rebellious members who refuse to stay in the bowl or on a chip.Fresh food is de rigueur at Cabo Fish Taco, along with special twists of white cilantro sauce and Napolito Salad. That's cactus, to the gringos. For those of us who don't care for fish, the menu also includes salads, burritos, tacos, quesadillas and my favorite, the Serrano Chicken Salad with a side of Mexi-Slaw, all sans fins.Perhaps as a nod to the weird, or to the sense of community in NoDa, there are two toilets in the ladies room, but no stalls. I'd bet cash money that women with no previous interactions except simultaneously full bladders have used those potties in tandem based on their consumption of Purple Haze Margaritas.Casual, and generally quick service is expected at Cabo Fish Taco, where the vibe is decidedly NoDa and what I expect of Cabo San Lucas: Anything goes, as long as it is good.
4	I had a chance to go here on a date with my gf on a week night earlier this past week.  I've made the mistake of trying to go here on a Friday or Saturday night, and have had to wait over an hour....multiple times!  If you wanna go to Cabo, go on a Wednesday or Thursday night.  You usually can get right in and get seated without any wait at all.  My gf and I choose to sit outside on the patio as it was a gorgeous late summer's evening.  The evening seemed to have a certain tune or melody; with the reggae lowly playing and acting as a theme song for the evening. When we first sat down, I was worried that despite the fact that we were seated immediately, we were gonna have to wait awhile, because the patio-area was full of peeps with the same idea we had.  But to my surprise, our waitress was totally in control and we felt like we were the only table out there. We went on half-price pint night, and I was able to make two DOS Equis Ambers disappear before our meal ever arrived.  As part of our Cabo tradition, we ordered the famous Baja SHRIMP and CRAB DIP!!  I have always maintained that the pita bread makes this dish and not the actual dip itself.  And this time, our pita slices were perfect, not too hard or burnt (as I've had them before), so of course our Crab dip was extra-awesome!  For dinner, I ordered the Carne Asada Wrap (see pic) and my gf ordered the shrimp and chicken Baja Bowl (see pic).  Everything arrived to our liking and after taking a few pics for you fellow YELPERs, we jumped right in.  I loved the carne asada wrap.  The wrap was very warm and stuffed with all of the traditional tex-mex fillings - refried beans, cheese, onions and peppers, etc.  The steak was cooked perfectly.  There is nothing worse than taking a bite of a wrap or burrito and you find that the meat is tough and chewy - not the case with my wrap.  I could not have asked for anything more out of a $9.25 wrap.  My gf loved her Baja bowl.  She was especially fond of her decision to get a mix of shrimp and chicken.  Her one complaint was that the chicken seemed to be a bit bland, and lacked that mystical "something".  Otherwise she was more than satisfied with her meal.My only complaint with this place would be the guacamole.  As a guac lover, I expect that if you offer it on your menu as an appetizer, you can make it and make it in an appeasing manner.  Their guac was anything but impressive. They prolly need to go back to the drawing board with their guac recipe.  If you are going there looking to get an appetizer, stick with the Crap dip and stay away from the guac.  And yes, I like saying and writing "GUAC"!  Other than the guac, our meal, and our overall dining experience was great.  Our server, though busy at first, was on top of everything, and I can't say one bad thing about her service that evening.  Everything just seemed to work well together - the late summer evening and the cold Dos Equis, the hot crab dip with soft pita slices, the waitress, the wrap and the bowl, they all came together in an ooze of perfect harmony, to create the perfect dining melody.
3	The white fish taco is so far the best. I've tried other things, but they are not as good. During busy times, this place is a headache. I ordered something to go on a late Saturday evening and went to Cabos to pick it up. There is nowhere really to stand and wait other than beside the bar, and some rude waitress yelled at me for being in her way. Other than having no designated area just for pickup, the food is good and I will be back.
2	Don't know what all the rave reviews are for. Had fish tacos today for lunch and they were bland - like having fish & chips on a tortilla, except the fish in real fish & chips is better. Also had soup - chicken & jalapeno; also boring, though better when we added some of the corn relish and some bottled hot sauce. Everything needed salt - and more flavor.And what's up with no salsa on the table, just a corn & tomato relish? Which was mostly corn.My fish tacos are way better! Can't believe Guy Fieri liked this place - he usually has better taste.Won't go there again.
3	I would recommend hitting this place early it can get pretty crowded at night but you can usually find a spot at the bar if you just want to grab some grub and a few pops.  The staff is helpful and they will make any dish to your preference: allergic to dairy, no problems; don't like tomatoes, done.  The name gives it away, the fish taco's are pretty darn delicious.  The portion sizes are large and reasonably priced and with $2 longboards & tecates to wash it down, that's a pretty sweet deal.
4	I had the shrimp tacos and was really surprised. The tortillas were made fresh which is a huge plus. The tacos were also a nice size, plenty of nice sized shrimp. A little disappointed in the jalapeno mashers, they were literally mash potatoes with jalapenos and cheese on top, I don't know I guess I was expecting something a little more unique, but it was still good. $2 beers and good service, can't beat it!
4	Whoa, how have I not reviewed CFT yet?Okay first, the wait: To address all these reviews that talk about waiting to be seated - yes, you usually have to wait for a table. Yes, there isn't really a good area to sit and wait. But yes, it is worth it. When you're coming to a restaurant this delicious, you'll probably have to wait.The food: I'm not a huge fan of the chips and salsa, but most people I go with love them. I've had the BBQ Mahi Tacos (about 6 times). They are amazing. The tortillas are fried and the slaw is incredible. I usually get full after the first one, which says a lot because I can usually house my meals, but always make room for the second taco. The sides? Nothing great. Some of my friends love the jalapeno-cheddar mashers. I usually pay the up-charge to get a side salad, which is delicious, but the tacos are good enough that the lack of yummy sides doesn't really matter. The Guacamole Salmon Salad is also incredible.Great beer selection. Decent margaritas. The prices can't be beaten. I love NoDa and I love Cabo Fish Taco.
5	Love this place! Great venue and great experience. Try the Wasabi Tuna!!
1	I used to love Cabo, but I think they've gotten too big for their britches.  Our most recent visit paired rude, lackluster service with mediocre food.It started when they forgot about us for 45 minutes.  We were wondering why our food was taking so long, when our waitress popped over to tell us that "the printer hadn't printed" our order, so we had fallen behind.  I am not sure whether that was the truth or not, but when one of our party (half-jokingly) asked if they were going to adjust our bill, she made some snide little joke about all she could do was keep our water glasses filled.  And guess what--she didn't even do that!When the food finally came, it was pretty bland, and the portions were very small for the price they charge.  I didn't want to pig out, but I left hungry. Other small annoyances: -the hostess who sat us was quite rude, at one point informing us that we needed to move because we were "in the way."  Ok, that's reasonable, but that's not how you talk to a customer.  You ask nicely or at least say excuse me.  -The board listing their specials was a night old, so we tried to order things that weren't available.  The waitress looked at us like we were stupid before we pointed out their mistake.-It's loud.  Almost too loud for a bar, and definitely too loud for a restaurant where, you know, you might want to be able to talk with your companions.I was very disappointed with Cabo this time around... I don't think I'll be back.
1	I've heard a lot about Cabo Fish Taco, from friends in Charlotte and from Food Network.  I decided it was time I found out what all the fuss is over.  I'm now left wondering just what, exactly, all the fuss IS over.  Cabo has generated a lot of hype, but does not have the substance to back it up.Given that it was a Saturday night, I assumed there would be a bit of a wait.  We were told we'd have a table in 10 minutes, and the hostess was pretty accurate.  After initially getting our names on the wait list, though, she could have done without immediately telling us we were in her way (in those words, exactly).  We made it to our table, and the waitress promptly greeted us and took our drink orders.  We inquired about the specials on the chalk board, only to find out those were from yesterday and no one got around to updating the sign.  We placed our orders from the regular menu.  And waited.   And waited. And watched other tables, who were seated AFTER us, receive their orders BEFORE us.  Mind you, half the restaurant is still empty.  After 45 minutes of waiting and inattentive service from our waitress, she explained there was a mix up in the kitchen.  She was unable (unwilling?) to compensate us in any way for such poor service.The food finally arrived and I was unimpressed.  It tasted good, but not Food Network, everyone's-talking-about-it good.  The tacos were more lettuce than fish and the slaw was rather bland.When you add it all up, and factor in the fact that the place is so loud it's impossible to do more than look at the other people at your table, I felt like I had wasted my money and the better part of my evening on a miserable experience.  Needless to say, I won't be giving Cabo a second chance.
3	I really like Cabo for the atmosphere, menu, beers.  The food is just A-OK it's pretty consistent and you can get some very good tacos but as far as food network worthy mmm not so much.  I will continue to come back to this little joint though waiting for it to wow me.  This is a great place to take some friends for lunch and try out some unique fish tacos.  It's always bumping so be prepared for a wait.
1	Oh Cabo, I've always meant to visit you! Why didn't I do it sooner? Oh it's probably because you suck. I want to give it the benefit of the doubt, I mean everyone has bad days right? But it's just so bad that I don't want to go back.So after agreeing to go to Cabo Fish Taco after a pretty bad Eclecfest event at Red at 28th, I was kinda excited. Because Tacos! So after my date and I found some parking, we discovered that we were the first to arrive in our party. I walk in and I'm told by the hostess that there is an hour wait for a 5 person table and a 10 minute wait if we want to squeeze into a 4 person table. I ask to see the 4 person table and it's not really too bad so after some feedback from the others we agree to a 4 person table. Well I went to the restroom, and apparently my friends got told to move it cause they're blocking the hostess's path. Maybe they put up a fight getting out the door who knows, because all I know is after I got out and joined them again to wait outside she yelled my name like she wanted to kill me. My line of work deals with very upset people all the time  so I didn't think too much of it, but my friends and date were quite shocked and upset over it. As we get seated I'm wondering why right next to us there's a perfectly good table for 5 but we're still seated at the table for 4, oh well. Our orders get put in pretty fast I thought after a confusing mix up with them not updating their daily specials board. Chilling with our drinks that don't get refilled, so my date Allen generously refills my cup with his water. About 45 minutes of no water later, when I'm hungry and not happy enough our waitress comes over and says the printer had problems and hadn't printed our orders out (sounds to me like they totally forgot the order). She said sorry I'll keep your water filled at least! Well she didn't even do that. Maybe you could have sent over an appetizer or something after making us wait so long for food and not even checking up on us, because we're hungry!Finally the food the food arrives at our table, and it's pretty skimpy portions but I'm a positive thinker so I say maybe it'll taste great! Well was I wrong about that. There are way too many onions in the quesadilla, maybe if they had actually stated that there were going to be onions galore in there I would've been able to ask them to omit them. I just wanted a cheese quesadilla guys! We would have been able to share the disappointment in our dishes if the waitress had been around or if we could have heard each other over the loud noise of the place.So people left hungry, prices are not good for what you get, and there is rude inattentive service there. This place managed to get everything wrong and leave such a bad impression on their customers so why is it so popular? I for one don't have any inclination to return anytime soon, or ever.
2	I am a big fish taco fan, and to my disappointment this place did not live up to the hype. Food was just average. Margaritas are just alright. The ingredients seemed cheap. Perhaps their fame comes from being the only Mexican restaurant in NoDa, I wouldn't dare to say it is because of their food. I had the blackened mahi mahi signature tacos and  "meh" is all I have to say. Best fish tacos? Seriously?? Only if you have low fish tacos standards.
4	Thanks Yelp for reminding me that I added a photo for Cabo forever ago and need to get my butt in gear with writing a review! I went here quite a few times my time in Charlotte and always enjoyed it. You got superb people watching, cold beers, a decent patio area (albeit more mosquitoes than I care to have around me at one time) and reliable food. As for the inside, I have no clue about it and really don't remember it that much. Hmmmm....that can't be a good sign. But I blame it either on beer or the fact that I always sat outside (even in the fall, again, big hmmmm). The first thing I ever ordered there was the BBQ Mahi Tacos and I never strayed from it because I loved it so much. But I think more of that was due to the tortillas than anything, you could put an old dirty show in one of their tortillas and I would eat because I'm nasty like that. And now I'm in FL craving Cabo, anyone want to overnight it? Thanks!
4	I was in Charlotte visiting some friends that brought me here to try the fish tacos on a Saturday morning. We walked in 30 minutes after they opened so wer were immediately sat at a table. I was told that they get super busy pretty early and it last most of the day.They brough complimentary chips & salsa and the salsa was obviously homemade with lots of flavor. We ordered queso that was also good. I ordered 2 tuna tacos (1 Tavarua Taco & 1 BBQ Mahi Taco). Both were great but the Tavarua was just plain nuts. It has honey wasabi sauce and I'm a big fan of wasabi. I know they've gotten sub-par reviews but my visit was really good. I'll look to visit again the next time I'm in Charlotte.
4	Fish tacos in Charlotte? Pretty good ones too. They were big, really big. Flavorful and fresh. Price was right. They encourage mixing and matching which is key. Lively atmosphere, nice art. Friendly service. Glad to have a local introduce me. Never would've wandered in by myself.
4	Have been here twice - only had tacos (figured they had to be good, hence their name) I've tried the beer battered white fish & the BBQ Mahi Mahi tacos - both were very good. (although the rice and beans are pretty dry, nothing to rave about) I love the homemade tortillas. Also - you can't go wrong with chips & queso (their salsa w/ corn in it is pretty tasty as well) Both times I came here on a Saturday for lunch & ended up sitting at the bar because the place was packed. The atmosphere is very hipster but nice, with very cool paintings adorning the walls. (LOVE the huge Samurai painting) If I want a good fish taco I'll come here. Not sure if I want / need to try anything else here, I'll stick to tacos.
2	I have always wanted to go to Cabo Fish Taco.  I am a Foodie and good food is what i love.  That being said the food was nothing to write home about.  I had the "world famous" fried whitefish taco.  There was NO flavor- not in the batter not on the fish and to top it off there was sliminess that was just gross.  The crab and shrimp dip was good- but you can barely taste the crab or the shrimp.  The margaritas were Very good.  I also sampled quesedillas and they were tasty-but nothing mind blowing.  Hanging this up as-- been there done that.
2	Cabo I really wanted to like you... I have given you a few tries before writing this review. You do have a few things going for you.1. Great location2. Interesting Tex-Mex decor 3. A really nice outdoor seating areaLet's start with the staff, the bartender gave me the wrong change ( not just keeping a buck or two for a tip- maybe it was a mistake) and fought with me for about 5 minutes before I had to show him the price of my drink in the menu. I think my waitress hated me or just hated life. The salsa is corn based- okay, I can get that you want to be different, but the salsa is bland and simply tastes like canned corn. Our chips were stale. The queso would have been okay, but it was cold, which made it form into solid cheese- not very good on stale chips. I decided to get fish tacos- I figured with a place called ' fish taco' I couldn't go wrong. My shrimp tacos were really boring. It seemed like the kitchen ran out of ingredients  I think they were beer battered, to be honest I couldn't really tell. My whole tables meals came out at different times and our sides to our meals were incorrect. I would have told my waitress that our food was incorrect, but I couldn't find her for the rest of the night, until our checks came.... $12.00 for two bland and skimpy tacos. No thank you! I really don't like to give bad reviews, but I can't find a reason to return to Cabo Fish Taco.
2	We have had mixed reviews about Cabo but it has just gone downhill recently. Took a special friend there last night and liteally had to wave our hostess down every time we needed something. The cabo roll was good but my whitefish tacos were COLD! I mean like cold tortilla, cold slaw, cold fish that had been sitting out. Did not complain because they did not seem to give a rats ass!
2	My wife and I stopped here today after hearing good things about the place.   We were disappointed.Although the service was fast and our waitress was very nice, the food was mediocre.Firstly, the guacamole was obviously out of a container.  We suspected that they use the exact same pre-made brand that you find in the grocery store.    They tossed some fresh chopped onions and some other stuff on top, but they weren't fooling anyone.  (By the way, the charged more than 6 bucks for the stuff.)Secondly, the chips they served were stale and under-salted.Thirdly, the refried beans were also out of a can.   They had the EXACT taste and texture of the Old El Paso brand refried beans that you can pick up in any grocery store for $0.99 a can.   Of course, Cabo will charge you considerably more.Finally, we have to talk about the fish tacos.   We tried 4 varieties of their tacos, and they were all bland and uninspired.   The fish was overcooked, the sauces were just gross.They used fried flour shells and cheddar instead of traditional corn tortillas and cojita or queso fresco (which would be the more authentic way to go with this sort of fair).  Personally I didn't mind the flour shells, but my wife thought it was blasphemy.Lastly, a word to the chef:   Wasabi and Mustard are not the same thing.  -- The honey-wasabi sauce tasted exactly like the spicy mustard you get from a chinese restaurant (which is generally just ground mustard mixed with water).  I could be wrong- maybe the other flavors screwed up my taste buds- but that tasted just like any generic honey mustard sauce.I don't mean to bash these guys too much.   The meal wasn't awful- it was just awful for the price.Also, I need to knock down their rating a little bit, because they just don't deserve their current 3.5 stars on Yelp.My wife wants you to know that you can get better food at Chipotle.
5	Fantastic atmosphere in a funky area.  Start at Cabo for a yummy fish taco dinner.  Whatever flavor you like, they have it!  The service is top notch!  They have a faine assortments of local brews.  I personally eat low-carb so they brought me everything without the rice.  I skip the tortillas which were homemade but looked/felt they might have been a bit tough and chewy.  Terrific dinner, head over to Growlers across the stree for a home brew and down the way to Amelies for a dessert (to go, because I am a pumpkin in the evening), and you have yourself a fine evening planned indeed!
2	I have to say that this was one of the biggest disappointments I've had in a restaurant. I had seen Cabo on Diners, Drive-ins and Dives and couldn't wait to try it. I do not live in Charlotte any longer but was in town to visit relatives for the holidays so this was kind of a destination. The NoDa section is very much out of the way but it is a neat area with what they have done with it. There were 3 of us eating so we had a chance to taste a few different things. First of all they were jam packed which was a good sign but resulted in terrible service. We sat for about 5 minutes before anyone said hello and finally Pete showed up. He was friendly enough and took our drink orders. I had an IPA on tap and another one of us had the Original Cabo Margarita. The beer was great but the margarita was the worst margarita ever served. We asked for the margarita to be served "up" (no ice) and what showed up was a glass full of tequila and triple sec, no mixer what so ever. We asked Pete about this and he said he told the bartender that it was supposed to be served straight up and he guessed the bartender took that to mean just the liquor. Anyway Pete took it back and had them add the mixer and it really wasn't any better. As far as lunch was concerned, I ordered a bowl of seafood chowder and the blackened Mahi Mahi tacos with a side of black beans and rice. My wife ordered the battered white fish tacos with a fruit side and my brother ordered the battered white fish tacos with a side of mashers (mashed potatoes). A few minutes later our lunch was served. They forgot to bring my seafood chowder and instead of bringing me black beans and rice they served me mashers ( I didn't bother to say anything). My tacos were okay. The tortillas that they were served on were very good, the accouterments served on the taco were bland and virtually tasteless and the mashers were okay. I told them to just forget the seafood chowder. I also had one of the battered white fish tacos and they were tasteless as well. The fruit side was good. Our billed was $47.80 + gratuity which would have been fine if the food had been decent. Overall I would not recommend this restaurant and I definitely will not return. Charlotte has way too many good places to eat without wasting time and money here.
2	Had higher expectation for this restaurant.  It was so loud, that it was hard to carry on a conversation.  Guacamole was very delicious, but the chips were stale.  When we asked for fresher chips, the waitress said, "there all like that."  Burrito was good, but not great.  I'd try it again.  Maybe they were having an off day.
5	My first time trying fish tacos. The BBQ mahi tacos from Cabo are delicious! Service was great too. I'll be coming here every time I come to Charlotte!
4	we go here at least once a month for the tavarua fish tacos with honey-wasabi sauce-- worth the wait, or you can call ahead and pick them up to-go.
3	We have been here twice now and the first time was very good. We had the Mahi-Mahi Fish Tacos and we loved them. We wasn't all that impressed with the service either time with exception to the guy who seated us the second time with the dreads. He was very, very nice and helpful. The food the second time just wasn't near as good as the first. We will have to try it again some time soon.
4	I went this passed weekend with some friends (12 of us) and didn't think about the fact it was Saturday night. So we got there at 8:00p and were told it was a 90 minute wait. Realizing every place would have a wait we decided to stick around. We were seated in 25 minutes (party of 12, on a Sat night) The service was good, and the food was really good. I would recommend the 'beer battered white fish' hands down the best thing there. I asked for their 3 'best dishes' and the beer battered white fish was awesome!It was a little loud in there so it made it hard to talk with folks at the table and it was kind of dark, we needed to use our phones to read the menus... Small price to pay for great fish tacos.
3	The food wasn't too bad, but it wasn't necessarily great. I ordered a lemon grilled shrimp taco and refried beans. The portions could have been bigger for the price and the food was lacking in spice. ...at least they served free chips. Gets an A+ for service but an uninspired C+ for food.
5	THE BEST FISH TACOS I'VE EVER HAD! So last Saturday I tried this place for the first time after hearing all these great things about it from friends, and it definitely lived up to my expectations. IT WAS ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!! I've had the lemon grilled tuna and grilled salmon tacos, they were both great, but the salmon one was to die for! The cilantro white sauce really perfects the dish! You also get a side with the order as well; I chose fruit cup to be a little on the healthy side. I thought 2 tacos wasn't going to be enough for me because I have such a big appetite, but it was very filling. Good portion size! This is definitely a place to check out. I want to go there again very very soon!
3	My husband goes down to Charlotte often for business and on one trip the group he was went Cabo for lunch, it was the middle of the week and it was also 1:30.  They all raved.  So one night three of that large group and spouses decided to get together and go.  It was a saturday night in Aug.  The place was packed, there was no place for us to wait, they told us atleast an house wait but to check in 30 mins.  We went across the street to a bar and had a drink while waiting, one person from our party went and checked in after 30 mins, they told us 45 more mins.  We then went to finish our drink they walk around and browse in some stores.  We had to stand across the street and wait, there was no place to sit because there were sooooo many people waiting.We finally got a table, it was right near the bar, which was packed, and had people's butts sticking in our face during our whole dinner.  The place was so loud we could barely hear the waitress.  For as busy as the place was we had ok service.  They had NO chips, ran out of them.  We ordered the Cabo roll to start, my husband that doesn't usually like crab enjoyed them, as did the whole party.We all enjoyed out dinners, they were very tastey.  We all said we would go back but never again on a Saturday night and I am sure Friday night is the same way.
4	Really like Cabo fish taco. I first found out about it because they were featured on some tv show. After that, I had to have the bbq mahi tacos, omg delicious. I will definitely go back. Good service and good prices.
2	Two and a half stars, Ok but not so great.Another Sunday fighting the crowds at Ikea - I recently bought two complete kitchens from them what a Pita!! - from there to the nearest home depot. I'm rarely at that end of town so I ask the young man behind the counter what's a good place for brunch in NODA and he says .... Cabo Fish taco.  Great idea! We get there about 2:30, the place is busy but not unmanageable. Mexico and Marley theme joint, my partner asked if it was a part of a chain. Told her, no but it wants to be. We get a table immediately, the waitress is very friendly and attentive, although the bar was slow getting the drinks out. - Salsa and chips. Boooring, the corn heavy but too light on onions and spice mixture is no salsa and chips are cardboardy - I'd be surprised if they're not packaged. -The skinny Margarita got two thumbs down but I was cozy with my Negra modelo. - Mahi taco .. with tangy bbq sauce? The sauce was tasty but out of place, it overpowered the whole dish. Mahi, which in Fla we usually call dolphin is a strong tasting fish that can even be served blackened and it's flavor will still come through. Here it was so bland it could have been a chicken. It wasn't bad but the mahi taco tasted like bbq chicken taco so I'd call that a fail. My companion said she would have liked it if it hadn't been for the sauce , not me.- Honey wasabi Tuna wrap, hu menu says burrito. Exact same result, wasabi/honey is the only flavor that came through and the wasabi tasted more like sharp yellow mustard than like wasabi.  And I'm a wasabi eater, at home I even use it on cold chicken or cold roast beef.  Tuna, unlike mahi is easy to overpower but still that was another honey/mustard chicken wrap not a fish burrito.The refried beans and the mashed potatoes with jalapenos were the best thing of the whole meal. Price was reasonable. Would I go back? No, it wasn't bad but the food was Charlotte-grade boring.
3	The complementary chips were a good surprise. The taco, however, was only average. I got the mahi mahi taco and it tasted bland. If I had some BBQ sauce I'd put it on. Service was very good though.
4	I came by for a visit based on recommendations from fellow YELPers.The place was packed for dinner, so I sat at the bar.  They have two bars, one in front, one in the other side of the restaurant.  The place was very busy, and pretty loud.  That's fine, it's just that kind of place.  The sidewalk patio seating looked GREAT but, it was full so, I couldn't enjoy the people watching.I ordered the special, based on recommendation from the bar tender, the Tuna Wrap.  It was basically a tuna sandwich in a tortilla....sounds lamebut, it wasn't.  the Tuna salad was very nicely spiced and the wrap was quite good.  Very generous portion but, I was hungry!!! what could I do?  I ate the whole darn thing (oink oink)The beer selection was nice, with a variety of local brews, as well as commercial taps and specialty beers.Service at the bar was good.  The bartender was VERY experienced and knew what he was doing.  Friendly, good at small talk but, not annoying and bothering too much.The ambiance....meh.  Take it or leave it.  Too "themed" for my own tastes but, that's just the kind of place it is.  I would definitely come here again, especially with friends for dinner before night on the townHint:  Plan on waiting if you come at peak times...the place was very busy during dinner, as well as lunch when I strolled by earlier in the day.  Not sure if they take reservations....worth a call to find out.
3	The atmosphere is relaxed, the food is so so, the service is family friendly... grab your drink and eat outside, you've made your day go from good to great when you reach the bottom of your margarita glass.
5	Had the pleasure of dining at the great Cabo Fish Taco.  Ordered the Rasta Pasta, it was simply fantastic.  This has to be one of the best pasta's in the Charlotte area! IT has generous helpings of chicken, shrimp, pineapples, bell peppers, etc.  SEX for my TASTE buds, that's all I can say about the Rasta Pasta. -The crab dip was awesome, as always.  The pita bread it was served with, was warm and soft.  Service was great.  Tunes were great.  Ambiance was great.  The Sex my taste buds had was great.  Everything was Great!!  GREAT! GREAT! GREAT!
3	Had the chicken and shrimp burrito with jalapeno and cheese mashers. The burrito was tasty even though I did not taste any shrimp. It was also filling, so I did good and only ate half.  Saved the other half for Monday's lunch.The mashers were happily recommended by our server, yet they were lacking seasoning. Hats off to Cabo for my being able to tell they were homemade ( or in disguise)mashed potatoes.  Bf and I also tried Azula Rita margaritas. Margaritas range from $5 to $12 and are $1 off on Sundays. It consists of OJ, pineapple juice, Blue Curacao and Jose C. Pretty tasty and bf ordered a second. ;)  Service was just ok and there was a not big crowd. Will be back to try some of the other menu offerings.
3	Meh.This place is all the rage is NoDa, but it's never done anything for me. I guess it's just not my bag, baby. There are several other places in the area where I'd rather eat and hang out. You should definitely check it out for yourself, as again, most people LOVE it. I've just never had a meal I was crazy about, and the service doesn't stand out either.
4	Took the whole family for fish tacos.  Quick, friendly service and great food.  Guacamole was just "ok", but the assortment of tacos all proved to be excellent ! BBQ Mahi-mahi, Grilled Lemon Shirmp, Grilled lemon Tuna, and Grilled Salmon tacos were all great.  Epic Tuna burrito lives up to its name. Highly recommend.  We'll be back.
4	Heard of Cabo Fish Taco on  Triple D.   Since I had never been to the NoDa neighborhood, we went exploring.  The area is great and the food here was as promised...Delicious.  We had fried oysters with an amazing dip for an appetizer.  We will definitely be back.
5	I have only been here once; however, my experience was great enough that I am already planning a trip back. I had the best chicken and shrimp burrito ever. The corn salsa is wonderful and our server was the sweetest. If you go on a weekend in the evenings be ready to wait awhile for a table but it is SO worth it.
3	Having for some reason been here twice now, I've come to the conclusion that Cabo makes it's fried seafood tacos well and everything else is decidedly meh. I've tried two of their specials, which though well seasoned, were just hopelessly overcooked.Still my fried shrimp tacos were solid and the tecate tall boys are like 3 bucks so it's not too bad.
4	For my first fish taco experience, I have to say I'm impressed. I had the pleasure of devouring the bbq mahi taco with the creamy cilantro sauce. My husband had the chicken quesadillas(which was also awesome) Music was great. The setting was nice. Music was Parking not so nice. We were lucky to snag a spot nearby but if it was any busier, we would have been SOL. But we enjoyed the experience and we will be back :)
2	Gotta love it when a "trendy, hipster" restaurant uses canned products. Canned corn, canned refried beans, canned jalepenos...not worth the money for these kinds of products... Stale chips, average tacos (we had blackened mahi mahi) and over priced beers. 5 bucks for a draught beer? Come on now!! My wife and I have eaten here several times and have tried various items on the menu. We always seem to be disappointed after eating here. And before we get reamed and told to stay in, we normally doThe wait staff is awesome and attentive to the patrons...no problem here. Everyone is friendly and I think this is what brings us back for the most part....that and the fact we love the NoDa area. However the food is just average for us....
1	glad to see more people are coming around on this......for the food choices there are about 2 dozen places in charlotte to get better; in NODA its at the bottom of the list of the fooderies in that area...so why is it still there???....I know I know the answer is found every week in those Observer LAZY DAYS party pix of all the 'cool" people going to the "cool" bars; they support crap like this
5	I don't live in town and we really struggle to find good restaurants. We were on our way back to suburbia and the wife and I decided to head into Noda to see if we could get a decent meal. It was so nice to go to a relaxed place with good food. I live in a town where Beef Obrady's and McAlester's deli is cherished. I hate these places so if you are a fan of those restaurants, ignore my review. Every kids menu is filled with crap I wouldn't feed my dog much less my kids. Our kids ordered their grilled shrimp and fruit. They ate every bit of it. I had the signature bbq fish taco and thought it was wonderful. The chocolate cake is a yes.
4	I went to Cabo in 2010 with my wife and it was just a bad night.  Neither of us liked it and we didn't return for two years.  That being said, I've missed out on two years where we could have enjoyed Cabo Fish Taco!  I went twice last week and both times it was fantastic!  Cheese dip was average, Guac was wonderful, BBQ Mahi and the Tavaroo tacos were phenomenal!  I'm excited to try some more new things soon!*quick edit update:  they are using wahoo right now in replacement of the tuna due to oil apparently.   Had the Tavaroo tacos again and it is still wonderful.  Wahoo is a white fish and it was very fresh.  Still a safe order!  :)
4	I have rode by this place many times in NODA and I finally got the opportunity to eat here on Thursday for lunch. Me and my sister had a FAB time!The corn salsa and chips they bring out while you wait for your food are great. I had the Lemon Grilled Tuna Tacos with Baja Rice. The tacos were filling and the rice was cooked well. The sauce that goes on top of the rice was really sweet as well. My sister got the Lemon Grilled Shrimp Tacos with black beans and rice. I'm not a fan of black beans, but I got myself a little bite of my sister's shrimp tacos and they were good. I believe the next time we go, I'm definitely going to try the Beer Battered Shrimp Tacos! This is one place I will return to again and again.
4	Ya know, the first time I came here a few summers ago, it was great. BUT, the last time I ate here it wasn't that great. Maybe it was the time of day, or the month, but my chips were stale and the waiter was a smart ass. Going back to both experiences, my tacos were always great! I've tried just about all of the tacos and I love the queso. Try to go when there is a crowd...the food is better and guaranteed fresh. I'm guessing the cooks get a lil lazy when there isn't a crowd...hence the stale chips. haha.
4	Never thought I would ever say this....but I have found fish tacos as good as the ones I grew up with in California. Cabo is a fun and cool hangout in an already cool and eclectic NoDa neighborhood. 4 stars because my wife was not a fan of their margaritas, but if you are in downtown Charlotte pop over to this place, it's worth the wait
2	Mediocre food.  Absurd wait times.  Cilantro in every pore of the meal.  REALLY REALLY LOUD.Cabo, I'm just not that into you.
5	I have been OBSESSED with Cabo Fish Taco lately! I randomly get a hankering for cool, fresh, fish tacos and my brain immediately screams "Cabo!". Usually, I answer it and head to NODA where I can munch on tacos and hot crab dip. The service is always on point here. I even once had a server plug up my dying iPhone by the server stand so I could keep an eye on work things over dinner. I tried to offer her $5 for charging my phone even though we had moved to a different server's section and she refused to take it! Good peeps over there.The decor and vibe of Cabo is very NODA-esque and fun. It reminds me of grabbing a bite to eat at a restaurant in Florida after a long day on the beach. The patio can seat quite a few people and is good for some interesting people-watching! There are also TV's at the bar if you don't want to miss a game. Cabo has an extensive margarita menu and a decent beer selection as well. But the best thing about this pace is the delicious food. You just can't go wrong with any taco you order from the menu. I think their Taveroo (sp?) and Blackened Mahi might be the best, though. :) Every table receives fresh corn salsa and chips before their meal and I always end up filling up on that stuff too early because it's so dang good! The food always tastes so fresh and is packed with delicious flavor. I've never had anything bad here, nor had a bad experience. I love this place and it's a no-brainer for the summer!
2	Love NODA, Love the atmosphere and everything but with that said Cabo was just bleh. I mean i just didnt see how it was special or anything. The queso we ordered came out cold and i didnt LOVE my meal soo 2 stars it is for me.
5	I was visiting my good friend from Charlotte this past weekend. She proclaimed that, no matter how long the wait, we HAD to go to Cabo. I was a little tired from the 2 and a half hour drive, but reluctantly agreed to brave the wait (which was 45 minutes). We were able to get a place at the bar and were immediately given chips and corn salsa. I was a bit disappointed when I looked at their drink menu and saw it full of my "NEVER drink of choice"... margaritas. However, my friend told me I HAD to try a margarita (peer pressure...), so I went with the Purple Haze (no salt). It was actually delicious--a little sweet and not overly "tequila" tasting. The bartenders were very nice--two of them offered to serve us dinner at the bar so we didn't have to keep waiting. We decided to wait for a table, which worked out pretty well, because after we ordered our second round, the hostess called our name to be seated. With the excellent bar service and upbeat atmosphere, the 45-minute wait didn't feel very long at all.When we sat down at our table, our waiter immediately greeted us with more chips and salsa (not like I needed anymore...). We asked for water, and he brought us that in under a minute. During our wait, I glanced at a menu, so I already knew what I wanted (the blackened mahi-mahi tacos). We ordered our food and seriously (I am not kidding) 5 minutes (tops) later, our food was at our table. We were both shocked. I mean, I guess tacos aren't that difficult to make, but that is still impressive for a very crowded restaurant. I had the herb mashed potatoes as a side, which were very good. I absolutely loved the mahi-mahi tacos--and the tortillas (I believe they make them in-house) were delicious. Unfortunately, I was a little full from drinks and chips earlier and wasn't able to finish my food, but I definitely would have if I had the room (this is saying a lot...I'm rarely able to eat a whole meal in its entirety!). Our waiter brought us our checks when it was evident that we were done eating, and even made the effort to refill my friend's water after we had already cashed out. It was nice to feel like we weren't forgotten because we already paid. I left Cabo Fish Taco very full and very much so wishing there was one in Chapel Hill! I definitely recommend it for anyone that loves seafood--even if there is a 45 minute wait!
3	Went here with a Friend before a concert. He saw then reviewed on diners-drive-ins-and-dives. I loved the TAVARUA (TAV-A-ROO) TUNA TACOS. One of the best fish tacos I have had. Tasted like sushi if you can believe that. I also tried the BBQ MAHI TACOS. No that impressed. It was good but I was not blown away. As for the tortilla chips they were stale? This is why I am not giving Cabo 4 stars. Along with that, they give you Corn Salsa and personally not my favorite, I would rather have a tomato based salsa. But that is me. Furthermore, you have to buy your GUACAMOLE and GREEN TOMATILLO SALSA for $6.50 and $3.95. The Guac was not great and only a ice cream scoop worth for $6.50. Need to offer free salsa. The good is this is not your average Mexican taco join. They do have burritos as well but did not try any.
5	Most def the best tasting food I've had in Charlotte so far. The rasta pasta off the hook!!
4	Fun atmosphere, great food.
3	ok. fish burrito was decent, but definitey get the crab and shrimp dip
5	Came here for lunch during a vacation from NYC. EXCELLENT fish tacos--do NOT miss out on this place if you are anywhere hear the area, it was awesome.
5	I don't know why other places in town even put fish tacos on their menus. Cabo Fish Taco can not be beat! I've been a fan for years and there is no better meal than chips and freshly prepared salsa before an order of their signature fish tacos (nix the cabbage) and side of baja rice. All washed down with one of their inexpensive, yet effective, margaritas, the el cheapo. All for less than $15! It's a meal that satisfies and transports you miles away, to a place with sand between your toes and worries washed away to sea.
5	Amazing shrimp and blackened mahi tacos, delicious unique beers on tap, fantastic service; definitely worth the 15 min wait.
4	Cabo Fish Taco, in general, is a decent establishment. Although I have conflicting opinions on various food choices offered, the restaurant atmosphere usually makes up for any setback. First off, the fish tacos... very well crafted. If you're a fan of fish tacos, you really can't go wrong with these. I've been out to this place about three times now and have come to realize it's a safe bet. My favorite (although I really haven't tried any others) is the Wasabi Fish Taco, which as you may have figured, has that perfect combination of sweet and spicy flavor. In my opinion, it is still on the mild side.Now contrary to the fish tacos, are their burritos. Fail. These are basically meals you could easily put together yourself- wrap, a can of re-fried beans, mixed with some other ingredients that just don't make up for the overpowering sense of eating at a Taco Bell. Not that there is anything wrong with Taco Bell, but simply put, you are basically paying Cabo $10.29 for a near synonymous $.99 bean burrito from Taco Bell. And burrito size? Probably less than half of what you'd expect an authentic Mexican restaurant to serve you. Lastly, atmosphere. The restaurant has a great layout and usually has a great crowd. Well decorated. The ambient noise can be a little much at times with the acoustics set up as such- a lot of hard wood, metal, etc.Overall, I would REALLY rate a 3.5 if could. Ideally, if all your looking for is a place to go to have a few drinks with friends, get some food (knowing you want a fish taco, of course), this place is definitely worthy of your time.
5	Everything we ordered was delicious! Waitstaff was attentive and really cared that we liked our meals. Highly recommend the lemon grilled shrimp tacos! Yum!
5	Great tacos always fresh and flavorful.  Lunch is quick and the patio is great.
4	BBQ Mahi tacos were great!!  I loved our server, she was so friendly.
4	4 stars instead of 5 because I found their complimentary chips especially stale.Everything else - amazing.  I brought my boyfriend here from out of town, and this was his absolute favorite restaurant out of all the other places we ate at.  A big reason was because they serve complimentary house corn salsa with their chips - he LOVES corn salsa.  (Though I think their corn salsa bowl can be much more generous.)  They're tacos are delicious and unique - love their soft taco shells!!! They're fried but still soft and decadent.  Amazing.  I ordered both types of fish taco on the menu, and they were great.  Will definitely order again.Ambiance/decoration - lively, colorful & fun.  I absolutely love the Day of the Dead paintings - which I could take them down and have them in my own apartment.  A great place to eat casually with friends, with drinks, and to also take your family.Most unique/fun restaurant I've found so far since I've moved to Charlotte actually.
4	Friendly service legit tacos. trust me i was raised in California. Very busy is always a good sign.
3	Wait, did I just step into a beach island club, or a restaurant in NoDa. I can't tell. There's some crazy loud music that's not *all* bad, and there's a nice breeze on the veranda, and food that resembles baja mexican, but, ehhh not quite. So, I don't know, I'm confused. I want to like it, it's so close. Atmosphere: This is the only real reason to come here. As far as places go in NoDa, it's got some sense of style and some decent music that jams out onto the patio. It's a noisy place, so if you're a big whiny-baby that can't take some loud conversations over top of some fairly loud music, perhaps you'll be better off somewhere else, because the food won't make it worth it for you. FoodLeaves a lot to be desired. The teriaki sauce dishes are pretty terrible. I keep forgetting that and ordering them, then throw a little fit inside myself for not remembering. The salsa they bring out at the beginning is fresh corn salsa that is ok, but they give you a heap of it on a tiny tiny children's toy of a plate, so you focus like Frodo trying not to dump it all over the table each scoop. Service: Nothing special. Some nice folks here, they do their job and nothing more. Celebrity most likely to enjoy eating here: Perhaps someone from the Jersey shore. They seem to like noisy clubs and their spray tan makes me think they are mexican. Half hour to live and I have to get my last meal here: I'd just eat the free salsa and get drunk on some mojitos.
4	Overall, a great place to hang out.  The chips were a little stale but the corn salsa had large chunks of tomato which made it extra special.  The Tavarua Wahoo Tacos were very tasty and had just the right amount of heat.  We sat on the veranda since it was a nice evening.  The service was great - constantly checking on us.  The noise level inside was on the higher side.  The Nectar of the Gods margarita went down very fast.  My only disappointment was that they don't serve any Johnny Walker!!!
1	I really hate to be a debbie downer, I know A LOT of people love this place....but I have a standard, if i can make it at home just as good or better, then it's not worth eating there.  And I would have to say, this is one of those places where I can make it just as good, and probably better at home, and i have had far superior tacos other places that i would go back and pay for.We got the beer battered shrimp tacos with Nopalito Salad.. The shrimp weren't bad, but not the best i've ever had.  The taste was acceptable, but, as my dad would say, "it's nothin' to write home to mom about."  and the Nopalito salad....ew.  My boyfriend had it there once before and said it was good, but this night he had to give it two thumbs down.We also ordered BBQ MAHI TACOS, which based on the menu description, sounded like it would be really good!  ( Grilled mango BBQ Mahi-Mahi tacos stuffed with Cabo slaw, tomato, avocado, mixed cheeses & finished with our cilantro white sauce)  Yet when it got to the table, again the flavor was acceptable, but very mediocre.  I got it with the jalapeno mashers, which was apparently mashed potatoes with diced jar jalapenos and shredded cheese on top....and to be honest, i did not like the flavor of the mashed potatoes...there is a spice they put in it that just did not mix well with the flavor of potatoes....maybe cummin? or something like that...not sure, as i haven't really learned to tell completely the flavor of a spices.  But I really couldn't eat more than 2 bites and then thought to myself, its not worth wasting calories on something that doesn't taste good!  lolThe food was also room temperature, I would have expected it to be warmer when it got to the table.  for the money, I would say this place is not worth going back to.  If we would have paid $5  a plate, I wouldn't complain, but it was no were near worth about $10 a person for the quality of food we received.  If you're looking for good tacos, i'd say keep moving....in fact Taco Bell just may be more satisfying, cheaper, and give you hot food.  :)
1	Check your tastebuds at the Door!   Cabo Fish Taco, you give Fish a real BAD name, you give Taco a Bad name, you even give Taco Bell a Bad name!  I've had better!  I've had better at Taco Bell and sadly, or maybe not, I've had better HERE at Cabo Fish Taco, so what is going on... It does not seem they are slipping it seems more like a Fall a dive in quality and flavor, not a swan dive, a NOSE Dive!Fishy, Mahi Mahi should not NOT taste fishy especially when it has BBQ sauce to mask the flavor of the Fish, still fishy tasting!  The Menu said it was Mahi, so maybe it was a mistake, we made one too!  Glad to say neither of us became physically ill!The Mashed Potatoes were so Cold as if they came out of the Refrigerator... Equally as disappointing as the worst parts of the meal!What is cooler than cold, Tacos at Cabo Fish Taco!  Some food is like Revenge (better when served COLD)!  If they could make everything as good as their Corn Salsa I would be giving them closer to two or three yelp stars!My Beer Battered Shrimp Taco (the Dish that used to be good here) was the best part of the meal and it was not very good!  The Wrap was COLD and the sauce had little flavor!The other Dish I previously enjoyed here (years ago) was the Nopalito Salad I call it a Bean and Cactus Salsa! This time it was almost flavorless The service was friendly and laid back, maybe a little too laid back since our food came out room temperature and since there were only two other tables (of two people each and they were already eating) it would be different if they were busy!  Here is how they approach the question they should have asked "How was your meal?"?  Instead they say : "Everything's good isn't it"?  They noticed we did not eat very much!  They knew we did not enjoy it!One improvement is the Boys Bathroom!  Congrats!  This is a good upgrade from years ago!  If the food could have stayed good. I'd settle for going outside like before, (I was not the only one)!  I know you can get in trouble for that, so I'm glad they made that improvement!The meal was so disappointing we went out to eat AFTER leaving this place!  After an experience this poor I want something good to make sure I still have Taste buds!  I did!!!This place is probably still very popular and could be a cool place to hang out!  Sincerely I hope they were only having a Bad evening!  I hate writing 1 star reviews!
4	have been wanting to go to this place every time i go to the Johnston YMCA.. but only coz i dint wanna bury myself in guilt for eating out just after gyming id drive past!yest finally hubby n me decided to give this place a shot! the place has a nice upbeat feel....rustic furniture and good music with dim lights give it a nice atmosphere! we ordered the pita points with guacamole! that was nice and fresh. then got the bbq mahi taco! oh that was yumm...i was excite dto taste the mango bbq sauce and the white cilantro sauce! am ot too fond of the fish taste being very evident in dishes...this was just perfect!we also got their dessert special..a white choc craneberry cake! it was heavemly..i licked the plate clean!
5	Hands down, the best place in Charlotte (in my opinion).  I have heard others say Crazy Fish is also very good, but if you're like me and you like a cool vibe atmosphere, amazing tacos, and incredible margaritas-this too will become your #1 favorite place in the Queen City!  Always busy, but just get there early and have a margarita or a beer and people watch in NoDa.
3	Been here a couple times. This place is very average.The first time I had something fried with the cilantro white sauce - I thought the sauce was way too much and the fried fish was flavorless - did not ever want to go back. Needless to say, I returned. The salsa is very bland, literally just a little bowl of corn and diced tomatoes? I tried 3 of the tacos on my recent trip - the lemon grilled shrimp easily the best but in the larger scheme of things just average, the bbq mahi tacos ok - a lot of flavor, seemingly none of it fish, and the beer battered shrimp tacos pretty Captain D's-esque. The pecan pie was nice and gooey, but the flavor was a tad too sugary. And the red velvet cake was tasty with a good middle layer, but a strange gelatinous top layer.
4	Saw it on Triple D & couldn't wait to try it. Had lunch & the free chips & salsa very good, corn based salsa with a kick. Guacamole was extremely good @ fresh. Has the taco's, one of each, BBQ Mahi Mahi & Tavarua (wahoo) with a drizzled wasabi sauce, unbelievable. The service was right on, got us in @ out while still being very personable.
3	I had my first fish taco when I was 18. That's way too long to live without knowing how great of an idea that is. Beer-battered fish has been a part of my life since the fish fries I went to as a kid, and taco night was always a DIY-adventure. So the two together can be pretty awesome. Or, like many things in NoDa, they can be trendy (and a bit pricey).Cabo Fish Taco's namesake is pretty good. They're not anything to sell my possessions for a surfboard over, but because I can't surf in Charlotte, I wouldn't do that anyway. I like the salsa blanca and how delicate yet filling these tacos are. Their queso takes a good hint of chipotle and is an excellent appetizer choice. Above all else, try the Mexi-Slaw, a chopped vegetable side that I like more than the traditional cole slaw.Since the place is trendy, one of the hot spots in NoDa, the way is long. Very long. It's relieving to be finally seated, but the place is so bumping that it's hard to really get anyone's attention. Once a server comes over, they're more than happy to help though.The scene's one thing, the food of the sea is another, and that's why I like Cabo Fish Taco but don't always want to go.
4	I had a fish taco craze last year and that was pretty much the only thing I ate for about a month. Still, I am not a self-proclaimed taco connoisseur and will not pretend to know everything there is to know about the dish. I will tell you that in my short-lived taco-eating career, Cabo Fish Taco definitely tops the list of delicious tacos I've eaten. And I've tried all kinds. Korean bulgogi tacos to Vietnamese pork belly tacos to traditional carne asada tacos. Seems to me that there are three main components  to the taco: 1) the protein 2) the case (wrap)3) the garnishWhile most of the tacos I've eaten have excelled in 1 and 3, few have been able to come up with an astounding 2 the way Cabo Fish Taco does. I would describe the "case" as a crisp soft shell. It's a light and fluffy, doughy bite with a crisp finish (literally). Reminds me of the Indian puri. Then you get this magnificent choice of beef, chicken, blackened mahi-mahi, lemon grilled shrimp...the list goes on of meat to flavor your taco up. Loved the shrimp in particular. Finally they sprinkle on an assortment of sweet, sour, tangy or creamy toppings that are powerful and enticing. Even after you inhale the taco though, you don't feel like a beached whale. You could eat these all day!They also have some sick margaritas (see photo)The one area that disappointed me greatly was the quality of the appetizers. Yes the guac is fresh avocado - but unseasoned and plain? The "queso" tasted nothing short of Moes Grill's mass-produced queso. They could've tried harder on the easy parts!4/5
5	Loved eating here when I was in college and was glad to find one in charlotte. The BBQ mahi tacos are worth every penny
5	Love this place. Eaten here multiple times
5	I didn't realize tacos could taste this good....   Nice location in the trendy Noda district... Indoor and outdoor seating...  Friendly staff.... Highly recommend this place....
5	I enjoyed the food and atmosphere from the first time I visited.  I have been going back for a few years now, and I am never disappointed.  However, every place has a drawback, and I would say the only thing I can complain about is the chips.  They serve chips and a really great salsa as a starter when you first sit down.  While the salsa is excellent, the chips they give you are almost stale tasting.  Not a big deal considering every other item I have tried, from the fish tacos, burritos, and most recently my girl had the steak fajitas and they were tremendous.  Awsome service, friendly place, great specials, amazing food, whats up with the chips?
4	Corn and Shrimp chowder excellent taste,could have been a few degrees warmer.Shrimp and crab dip came with fried pita.Why fry pita? Waitress exchanged for fresh pita. Service was excellent.
3	I hear hoots and hollers about this staple of the NoDa district but I was honestly not too impressed. I went in with two other friends. The hostess was polite and friendly and entertained me with a chat while I waited for my friends to show. But this was more of an obligation as Cabo is one of those places where they will not seat you if your whole party is not there. Even on a Tuesday night when half the restaurant is empty. So don't even ask.When they showed up and we got our table we each ordered something a little different. I split my taco choice getting one with fried shrimp and the other with fried fish - it was a fried food kind of night for me. My friends got salmon tacos straight-up and the salmon salad. For starters the salad and the salmon in it were pretty tasty. I can't remember if it was guacamole or sliced avocados in it but either way it was a delicious addition. Apparently that salad is one of the hottest things on the menu here.But my other friend and I figured on the namesake of the place and went with the tacos. The plates came out with that delicious smell of fried and grilled fish and we dove in. But the fried fish was tasteless and 3/4 fried batter crust which just blanketed the general flavor. The fried shrimp was okay but in general the tacos were lacking in additional spices. If you want better seafood or other types of tacos I would suggest Krazy Fish first and foremost. Most likely I will be back to Cabo for some function or other gathering but I won't likely bank on the tacos again. That salad will be what I go for next.
1	The last time I ate at Cabo Fish Taco was probably 2007 or 2008. There must have bene a major management shift because after eating there tonight, I would never return again. The server was way too laid back and paid no attention to us at all. The chips and salsa are bland - ordered some cheese dip to kick it up, and the cheese dip was just hard, melted velveeta. We ordered the steak and fish tacos. Both were mediocre, at best. I had the mexi slaw, which was nothing to write home about and my husband had the jalepeno-chedder mashed potatoes which were cold and just plain awful. Our beers were VERY over priced as well. Overall, I will never go back there again. It's a shame, because a few years ago, I remember it tasting much better. Perhaps being on a food network show got to their heads because the quality has gone WAY downhill. Ugh.
2	Hipster hangout. Flavorless food. Difficult parking. Expensive. Really? Really? Really?
4	This place is AWESOME over in the NODA area. We have made the way over from South Charlotte on several occasions and have NEVER been disappointed. They have a standard menu of the typical taco choices, however they ALWAYS have a special two choices wrote on the ever so colorful chalk board along with the drink specials..The staff is varies which is pretty cool, they include tatted up people, college students, Goth, Hippy, Happy, etc.. EVERYONE work well together and are all HAPPY to be there working and appear to LOVE their job.I must say the ladies room on the left side of the venue is pretty funny. The door has a lady on it and when you enter you enter to one sink and two toilets with no separation between the two commodes other than a small wicker basket with 3 drawers containing tissue.THIS IS PRETTY AWESOME to me ONLY because it has been several times that me and the ladies have gone out and we all have to go equally as bad and with this set up we can go at the same time.. NOT SURE I'D WANT TO only because that's awkward squatting next to your friend. What type of conversation happens when you are squatting next to your girlfriend LOL..I LIKE it for taking my daughter to the restroom with me as we are able to go in at the same time and have an additional commode if she get the urge while waiting on me..Enough about the LADIES ROOM..Some of my many check-ins are below with what I was indulging in with the Mr. or with my daughter or with the Ladies:  Jerk Salmon & Grilled Mahi Tacos!the chipotle lime salmon taco & beer battered shrimp taco is a winning combination ;-)Blacken Seabass taco special is a must!!The chips & in house fresh salsa is SPICY & AWESOME. Any of the various fish tacos are great I LOVE the grilled Mahi Mahi & Shrimp taco..Salsa & Chips is very TASTY & a tad bit Spicy which I LOVE!!Cons: There is a SERIOUS wait time on the weekends in the evening as the place is popular. Not sure if that's a CON because it's GREAT BUSINESS for a GREAT restaurant.
3	You know, as much as Cabo lives in infamy for so many, I can't really see it through the same lens of "amazement" or "culinary nirvana," but I can land on it being a solid choice...if the wait isn't too long. I've been coming here for years and even used to frequent the other location in Blacksburg, VA. Where's Cabo's menu isn't s strong point for my taste, it's a great spot for a few margs, decent fish tacos, and perfect for street-side seating in the summertime. *Sigh*...the menu. Some of the items here just don't really push past the point of being worth the dollars. Believe me, the blackened tuna or mahi tacos are great. Love the slaw, the tortillas work well, they are piled high with goodies, and the flavors abound...but the rest of the plate? No thanks, brosef. The sides are ever-so lackluster. Jalapeno mashers? Ick. They never end up coming out right. Also, every time I've ordered a side of beans, I regret it. Also, for the veggie-lover, DON'T order the veggie burrito. The addition of zucchini and yellow squash inside the tortilla is an atrocity. But hey, if the sides are the worst part of their game, I think they are doing just fine for a NoDa staple. Also, be prepared to wait on a Friday or Saturday night. The addition they have on the patio is awesome in the spring or summer. If you have a large group, you might end up with at least an hour wait on a busy night. I'm privy to heading here for lunch. Much more accessible. Cabo, you are welcome in my book. I'm not a huge fan of your side items, but your space is killer and I'm a sucker for fish tacos. Cheers!
3	I came here for dinner last night with my boyfriend, Lance. Lance has been to Cabo multiple times.. I've never been. My first impression was that it's awesome inside, laid back atmosphere. The beer he got was really good, but it had a funny name I don't remember what it was called.The waitress brought over chips and the corn salsa that I read a lot about. It was dried out, and looked like it was old. Not impressed there. We then ordered a side of guacamole! THAT WAS REALLY GOOD. I'll definitely recommend that.Lance ordered the BBQ Mahi Mahi tacos that were on Guy Fieri's show.. they were actually really tasty but a VERY fishy aftertaste. I've never tasted Mahi Mahi, so I'm not sure if that is normal. I ordered the Carne wrap which was just average.Overall this place didn't really IMPRESS me as much as I thought it would. But I liked it.
3	Well I finally made it out to Cabo Fish Taco and I must say I left with a sense of maybe this place is overrated.  I mean I don't want to be too harsh because all aspects were great but great in conjunction with any other mexican restaurant.  I know I may need to try some other dishes and I will eventually but for now I'm not jumping for joy for this place.The interiors aren't anything to get crazy about, very NoDa, shabby chic like most business in the area.  Not a bad thing, just is what it is.Our waitress was gracious and pleasant and kept up with our needs very well.
4	Eating at Cabo, or anywhere in NoDa on a Saturday night, is a bit of an adventure. Our most recent was on an uncharacteristically snowy evening in Charlotte, which lent the night a sort of mystical austerity, as if magic were ordained by the decent of the twinkling flakes falling all around us. Our posse of seven put in for a table, which is no easy feat for a restaurant Cabo's size. We were told it'd be forty-five minutes, which delighted us, since that afforded time for at least six or seven glasses of wine at Dolce next door. Scarf-ensconced, snow-laden, half-lit and stumble-happy, we received a text that our table was ready and made way for the gloomy labyrinth of NoDa's most prestigious fish taco waystation. Echoing lively with an always handsome mix of dirty hippies, uptowners slumming it in the "artsy" area, and cleverly-paired retirees done up to the nines, the Cabo dining room reminds me of the background setting in a rom-com where the couple has its first hilariously awkward fight. It's somehow both romantic and unsettling... but in a good way. Our tables were still being cleared and arranged when we walked in, so I spearheaded a mission to obtain one quick round of Dos Equis Ambers from the bar. The mission was a success. Lime-treated frothy brews in hand, we took to our table, not nearly sized for seven people, elbows bumping, thigh to thigh, alcy breath exchanging hot between us. I looked across to Huxley, that soul-stealing mermaid-haired goddess of mischief and misreason, and toothed her a goofy grin. "I've never felt closer to all of you," I said. Our waitress came up, god bless her, pale and long, sheer gray cotton draped snug and purposeful around the rolling chalice of her body, shoulders high and firm, chopped blonde chin-cut springing around the soft features of her face... AJ kicked my shin under the table and shot me a wide-eyed, closed-mouth stare. He knows my type. Huxley sneered.With rich voice, full and lively, our waitress greeted us, accepted my immediate request for more beers, and then sold us, vividly, on the day's specials - southwestern style fried oysters appetizer (it has long been established that I and Mine are suckers for oysters in any condition), rainbow trout wraps with black-beans and a spicy sauce, or some whitefish taco that I'm pretty sure she called "Drunk Fish". We ordered several of each. In a brilliant flash, she was back with the beers. I doled them out with jittering hands, all aslosh and messy. We toasted the night, "To fish tacos and our semi-annual snowfall!" As glasses clanked together, we heard a crashing thud against the front glass of the dining room. Outside in the street, a band of scrawny hipsters were engaging in an epic snowball fight. Our waitress walked past and startled at the noise; she turned toward us and laughed. "We should be out there with them," AJ said. He motioned to the waitress. "So should you!" I nodded in enthusiastic agreement. She giggled and said she was totally into it... but we were too focused on food and drink to actually break out into an impromptu snowball fight at that moment, unreasonably attractive waitress participant notwithstanding. While we waited for our entrees, we gorged on oysters and Dos Equis, and told each other, plainly, how badly and intensely we were all in love. Whilst perusing the margaritas menu, Nellie and I had a gruesome conversation about our respective past experiences that have led to our present inability to conceive of anything containing Tequila. And then, the food. Oh glorious frozen twinkling mad and descending all around us. Assaulted by flavors, the trout, dear god that trout... it fell apart in our mouths like a shattered dream... and the drunk fish, drunk fish as it was, moist and white and flaky pure, all dressed up in spice and glaze, oozing, flowing, plates exchanges and forkfulls shared, cheeks stained and scarves like napkins, and flickering votives and cream stuck in beards and delicate fingers soaked through by the morsels they gripped. Hux reached across the table, fetched my chin, and with the most deft and subtle movements of her spiderlike fingers, tipped away some flake or smear that I had smattered about my face. "I'm always a mess," I said. She smiled that cutting smile. "That's why we work together; I'm always flawless."Our gray-wrapped wedge-cut goldilocks came back. "How should I split this up?" she asked. "Look at us, doll," I said to her before glancing back around the table. "We're all in this together." She grinned a pearly grin. "So, that's one check then?"I nodded. Outside, drunk and full and spinning wild, I held the door for my men and my ladies. As I turned to face the street, I caught a cold, hard ball of fresh-packed snow right to the left eye socket. I cursed and coiled over. As my vision cleared and sensation returned to my cheek, I looked up to see Huxley laughing maniacally and dusting snow off her palms. "Thanks for dinner," she said.
5	I've been here several times, it is consistently great. No wait at 6:00, had a BBQ something taco and a Wahoo taco, with the jalapeno cheese mashers. Food was excellent yet again. Highly recommend it. There is a donkey on the ceiling trim in the corner or the men's bathroom.. random I know but just saying.
4	I quickly became a fan of Cabo Fish Taco when I found out just how fresh their tacos were. This review doesn't need to be long because all I really need to tell you is go and try this food because you will simply see for yourself what I'm talking about.But the real winner of this place is by far the lightly fried taco shells. I truly have never tasted anything like them before. They're not crunchy tacos and they're not soft tacos, they are something completely new. It's what keeps coming back for more each week.And please do try their crab dip, the fried pitas it served with will also make you want more.
4	This is a great spot to have some tex-mex nom noms. The corn salsa is pretty solid and I have yet to go wrong ordering different things off the menu. Obviously the fish tacos are a signature item, the carne asada wraps/tacos are damn good too. For the side I'm a fan of the jalapeno mashed potatoes "mashers". Atmosphere is very casual and laid back, this place is in the heart of NoDa (art district) so don't be surprised when your waitress named Cobra comes to your table tatted up and in hipster attire, because they all still provide great service. I'd recommend this place to anyone. It does have a tendency to fill up so whether you're doing lunch or dinner you may want to leave a few minutes early.
5	This is my most favorite restaurant in NoDa. Always a fun atmosphere, fun people, tasty food (especially the Rasta Pasta! - Greatest dish in the WORLD) and Pomegranate Margaritas! Go visit! You'll love it :)
4	I was not in a rush to check out Cabo because many of my friends have given it really bad reviews. However, since I was in the neighborhood around lunch-time, I decided to stop in and give them a try.  I was by myself, so I just sat at the bar.On my visit, I was very fortunate because the service was good and they had my order ready super-quick. (Probably because the owner was in the kitchen as one of the bartenders told me).  In any case, I decided to order the Tavarua Wahoo Tacos ($10.50). This consisted of blackened wahoo in a kiwi-pineapple fajita sauce, with lettuce, tomato, cheese, & a honey wasabi sauce. The dish came with 2 tacos and your choice of a side dish.  The fish was perfectly cooked and had a nice balance of flavors. The tacos had a good amount of fish and tasted really good. I was a little worried that they might go overboard on the wasabi, but it was just the right amount.  For the side dish,  I went with the black beans & rice.  The side dish was ok, but the black beans could have used a little more seasoning. The chips on my visit were fresh & crispy.  The salsa seemed to be made in house and had a nice flavor but was mostly corn and could have used a little more tomato and a little more heat.  Overall, I enjoyed my lunch and had good service, so I would definitely go back.
4	Love this place. The food is great!
1	This place really went down hill. The atmosphere is cool but that's about it. The food just doesn't seem fresh and it lacks flavor. It's surprising because the food used to be very good but the past 4 or 5 times has been just bad. Service has never been good but we never expected it in this place.
3	I have been a regular at Cabo Fish Taco for the past 3 years. I've told friends and family about how awesome it is and every one wants to eat there when they come into town to visit. However, my opinion about Cabo has changed in the last 5 months. The food has became greasy and tasteless. My once favorite shrimp tacos are made up of overcooked shrimp and a greasy a tortilla shell. I just wonder if management has changed or what has happened because it's really disheartening to see such a great restaurant go downhill. I continue going back hoping I've just had bad luck but each new visit doesn't leave me feeling more hopeful.
5	This is our second trip to Charlotte and the first to this very cool area of the City.  Lots of renovated old brick buildings; a very cool vibe.  Cabo Fish Taco is a located in an old pharmacy building.  Fair sized bar in the back but mostly tables for dinner.  The wait staff is friendly and relaxed but very attentive.  And the food.  I had the signature BBQ fish taco.  Fish perfectly cooked, the spicy and sweet seasoning just enough to compliment the fish.  I actually found myself slowing down so that I wouldnt finish too quickly.  The bar has a good selection of microbrews.  Overall, this is a big win for the area.  Highly recommended.
4	I've been to Cabo many times for dinner and always thought the idea of it was better than the actuality.  However, last night proved me a little bit wrong.The fella and I went out with some friends after work on a Friday evening, and we all managed to get there at different times. If I were the waitress, this would've seriously annoyed me, but our waitress was so nice and accommodating!  We sat on the bar side at a table, and all the doors were open since it was so nice outside.  Throw in a little reggae music and a margarita, and how can you go wrong?We ordered the Baja Shrimp & Crab Dip and guacamole to start.  The pita for the dip is fried... YUM.  It was warm and buttery, and the guacamole was solid.  (As much as I love avocados, it's hard to focus on them when there's fried bread.)  I got the carne asada tacos for dinner.  The steak was tender and perfectly seasoned, and the peppers and onions balanced out the southwest mayo.  I wish I could tell you what everyone else got, but I was a little too focused on my own food to nicely ask how everyone else's food tasted.  Oops.By the time we left, the place was slammed and we heard them mention a 40 minute wait.  You'd never know how busy they were from the staff though - our waitress was awesome, and the manager checked in on us once and said bye as we left.  I love some good customer service!  Perhaps I'd misjudged Cabo... I'll definitely be back.
5	This is my favorite taco place in Charlotte. The shrimp and fish tacos are awesome. Additionally, the pasta was well done for a restaurant specializing in tacos. Whenever we have visitors from out of town, we take them here.
2	Meh is about all I can say about Cabo. I feel like it is super over-hyped... We went in for dinner on a Tuesday night around 7pm. It was pretty crowded but there was no wait. They brought over chips & salsa. The chips were warm but I didn't get the feeling that they were made fresh. They were on the thicker side. The salsa was a mix of corn and tomatoes/peppers (pico de gallo). Not spicy and not really salsa, but ok. We each ordered our own combo taco plate ($10.50) which came with two tacos and a side. I got one BBQ Mahi taco and one Tavaruva Wahoo taco with fruit as my side (seasonal). I was incredibly underwhelmed with my food. The fish in both were way overcooked and dry. The wahoo taco was way salty and the mahi was under seasoned... Another thing that annoyed me, they only have flour tortillas... Really? A fish taco place with only flour tortillas... Even worse, they weren't homemade/fresh. They had that store bought flour tortilla smell. Come on guys... Step it up.
4	If you're looking for a casual mexican dinner this is a must-visit restaurant.  It is quite loud and can be tightly packed at peak dinner hours, but worth the experience.  Upon being seated, a bowl of chips and side of tomato-corn salsa will be brought to the table.  The salsa is good and different from the more traditional pureed type, but the chips are nothing special - cold, thick, and relatively tasteless.I've only ever ordered the tacos here.  It's not stated on the menu, but you can combine any two tacos for the taco plates.  I chose the BBQ mango and Tavaru Wahoo tacos.  The BBQ mango is super saucy and flavorful, and the Tavaru has a stellar honey-wasabi sauce.  All of the entrees are served with a side and I chose the Nopalio salad, which was a cold mix of black beans/cactus/spices.  I've also had the mexi-slaw in previous visits and was pleased with its very light dressing and topping with sunflower seeds.In addition to great tasting fresh food and generous portions, the prices can't be beat.  $10 will buy you two very large tacos (seriously the most stuffed tacos I've ever had) and a side.  This is definitely not the restaurant where you leave hungry.Several "double decker" cake slices were listed as daily specials, but I was too full to partake.
4	I've been here quite a few times.  I usually order the same thing, last time I branched out and tried a chicken and shrimp burrito.  It was ok but the real winner for me here is the mahi tacos, they're great!  It's disappointing though when you place a to go order and get no chips and salsa.  Thought that was a fluke the first time but they don't give them for to go orders.  Tacos are so good though it doesn't matter too much.
4	I was here Saturday and I had the Best Fish tacos, I must say I was impressed, very light and healthy, the fish was cooked just right and was not over the top on toppings.
4	My favorite place!!Pros: Corn Salsa, Text message table alert, cilantro drizzle, El Cheapo Margarita (a good buy) and patio .Cons: Always a wait....even at 2:30 in the afternoon on a Saturday. Definitely would try if you have not but plan to wait.
3	This noda staple has a lot of great features and plenty to offer in terms of variety, atmosphere, affordability, etc.  However, I think it may be getting a little played out and my most recent visit was not as impressive as times past.On a side note, they have this new system where they text you when your table is ready so I thought that was pretty cool...So, we had a party of 6 this past Friday and for the most part we were seated quickly, treated well and the waitress was very attentive.  I think their service is pretty good overall.They start you off with a corn salsa in a dish that is so microscopic I could hardly fit my chip in there.  Trying to scoop straight up corn onto a corn chip is just annoying in my opinion.  If it was salsa, WITH corn, then maybe I could get on board but more corn ends up on the table than on your chip or in your mouth.  We ended up ordering some queso and that came out in the same itty bitty dish...but the queso was good.I don't need to rehash all of the food, the fish tacos, the wraps/burritos, etc...I think everyone knows what they have at this point.  Everything we ordered was "good."  We ordered a couple specials for the night, mahi-mahi fish tacos, grilled shrimp tacos, etc.  Everything seemed fairly fresh but I will say that most of our dishes came out cold/lukewarm.  I ordered the grilled shrimp tacos and they were just a little dry.  It was like eating a piece of lukewarm shrimp wrapped in a piece of bread.  The other ingredients were barely there so it didn't add anything to the overall flavor of the taco.  The refried beans were a bit cold as well.I know they are super busy so I can't expect perfection but I just think the quality of this place has decreased slightly since my first visit a couple years ago.  It is still an exciting, vibrant place to be and I still felt like I was cool because I was in noda with all the trendy, cool people...but I think the lack of competition in this area is what keeps this restaurant truly hopping.  It is unique but if you put up a couple more restaurants on N. Davidson I don't think Cabo would maintain their hype.  That's just my opinion.
2	I had read the great reviews of this restaurant and, because I have a condo in Baja and love their fish tacos, I traveled cross town to it.  The location is great as it is in a great urban neighborhood called NoDa.  However I was greatly disappointed in the tacos.  Everyone raved about the tavaroo ones but pineapple on it just did not work for me  I also had the blackened mahi, which was better but the cilantro crema was too mild.  The salsa served with drinks was bland and dry with corn and tomatoes.  Garbanzos in the side dish??  I believe in creative cuisine but the food just was so far off from its Baja theme and was too bland for my taste.  Margarita menu interesting and varied with a great selection of tequilas.  Service was excellent.
4	I wasn't sure about the restaurant at first because it was very laid back but I was open to trying to the food.  But from the moment the chips and dip were serviced I was mesmerized.  My group and I ordered crab dip with pita chips...... Aaaawwwww, they are to die for, I wanted to pack up that dish and take it home.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and advised us properly  based upon what we had a taste for.  This place wooed me, I will definitely return whenver I'm in Charlotte.
5	Cabo Fish Taco is amazing.  I could inject the queso dip into my arm via IV and be content forever.  I'm so spoiled after the steak tacos that I won't order tacos anywhere else!  Best restaurant in Charlotte.  Great vibe.
4	Cabo Fish Taco is one of my go to restaurants when I have people visiting.  Great food, great atmosphere, great drinks enough said.  There's typically a wait on the weekends but it's worth it.  The El Cheapo margarita is a great way to pass the time and I highly recommend their Mahi Mahi tacos.  I'm also a fan of how their decor supports local artists.
4	This place is one of the things I miss most about living in North Carolina.I will start out by saying that I am not a big fan of seafood, but I do enjoy a good fish taco. Their Bbq Mahi Tacos are my favorite item on the menu. I've ordered that dish quite a few times and it's never anything less than fantastic. The texture and flavor of the mahi is just perfect and they are very generous with the portion. The dish comes with two tacos, but so much falls out of each taco you almost need a third tortilla to make an extra taco with.I must also suggest the wasabi tuna burritos. There is just something about that wasabi sauce... and the large chunks of tuna, just....delish.The only things that I'd like to see added to the menu are corn tortillas. Flour tortillas are good, and theirs aren't bad, but when it comes to fish tacos I tend to prefer corn.The music volume also tends to be a little on the loud side. When you're already hard of hearing it makes conversation with the other people in your group a bit of a challenge. Other than that, wouldn't change a thing. It's truly a unique restaurant in a trendy setting in Charlotte's art district. When I head back to Charlotte this summer for a visit, this place is on my to-do list.
2	Great food but service was lacking.  I went with a group of friends months ago.  I asked for my food not spicy at all and a friend asked for it very spicy.  When it came out, they had got it mixed up.  Mine was extremely spicy and his was not spicy at all. No big deal, just send it back and have it remade.  It came out the second time, and same thing, the food was the same.  Mine was still extremely spicy and his had no spiciness at all.  We complained to the waitress again.  My friend and I decided to switch food so I had his and he had mine.  The bill came and they charged us for both.  While the food was amazing, the service was lacking.
4	Good food, great drinks.Tacos are always fresh and the ingredients are awesome.  I enjoy coming here.  Atmosphere is on the louder side but it's nothing annoying.  I love the drinks here, strong!  Brooke (AKA Cobra) is an amazing bartender.  She can make anything for you.  Overall, one of the best spot in NoDa.
3	BBQ Mahi tacos are the best (when served hot). Service is always great. I have visited Cabo a handful of times and about half of the time my food has come out luke-warm or cold. This usually occurred during their busiest hours. I got tacos to go late one night and they were the best I have had out of Cabo. I guess the secret is to go during off-peak hours.
2	Frozen guacamole. It may have been fresh at one point, but not when we got it, had ice crystals. Unappetizing. Odd presentation too, was it scooped with a disher like lunch lady mashed potatoes. Tacos were fine. Not remarkable. This place would not survive on the west coast.
5	An hour long wait doesn't keep anybody away from CFT.  You put your name on the list and they text you when you're table is ready (bonus - they send you a link right away so you can check the status of the waitlist).  We enjoyed our wait across the street at Growlers Pourhouse.  Once we were seated, our water and drinks arrived very quickly.  What happened next is still an amazing mystery.  We put in our taco order and no less than five minutes later, it all came out.  It was incredible!  Four of us each ordered a duo of CFT signature tacos.  I had the BBQ Mahi and Lemon Shrimp.  The Lemon Shrimp wins between those two hands down.  It is so light and refreshing and perfectly lemony.  The BBQ Mahi is delicious too but on the heavier side with the creamy BBQ sauce.  And my classic margarita washed it all down wonderfully.
5	Great late lunch during the week with no crowds
4	Love. I went for lunch this weekend, and the food was fantastic. I had the grilled chicken baja tacos, and I thought they were perfect. The soft taco shells were just a little grilled and warm, the chicken was great, and their cabo sauce or whatever made the dish. My only dislike about this place was their salsa. Way too much corn. I used to love to drink here, now I'm happy to know their food is good too.
5	Can't go wrong.  Best fish taco in Charlotte!
3	Fish and shrimp tacos are great..LOVE the sauce!! The sides that come with the meal are awful tho. The parking sucks. Last time went on my lunch break..had to park almost 2 blocks away!! Did I say the sauce is really Gooooood?? Lol
4	GREAT place... service was 5 stars, sangria was spectacular... great menu and food.. but the crab dip was CRAZY good, do NOT skip it!! The pita chips with it were AMAZING!!!
3	I'm really not sure what all the hype is about.  The crab and shrimp dip is amazing and next time, that will be my entree.  My hubby got the tuvaroo (however that is spelled) wahoo tacos and they were really good, but too spicy for me.  I got the beer battered white fish tacos.  They were tasty but stone cold.  Like, the fresh from the cooler.  The place is super loud, unless you are lucky enough to be seated outside, and our table was literally in the doorway between the bar and the dining room.  I might get take out next time, if there is a next time.
4	This place was easy to find but the parking is the worst in this area. I ended up parking along the street near the Y. I can just imagine how it would be on the weekend. We arrived for dinner about 7:30 and were promptly seated and offered water and chips. I ordered a margarita (I think) which was pretty tasty but the chips ... come on guys. I love chips and dip and the chips..... well tasted stale. I remember reading a review before I went and somebody else mentioned the chips not being so great. We actually asked the guy about them b/c we thought they were stale and he let us know that's how they are supposed to be.... they had made a fresh batch about 2 hours ago.I tried the lemon grilled shrimp tacos with rice and black beans. They were pretty tasty although the beans were a bit spicy. Overall a nice atmosphere and nice area just be warned that you have to probably park in a neighborhood. I will be back to try more things on the menu.
4	BUSY ALL THE TIME!! Every time I eat at Cabo it's packed. Doesn't seem to matter if it's on a monday night or a friday night. They are always hopping. One thing's for sure, though, the food is worth the wait! I haven't had anything I didn't LOVE here! My usual are the bbq mahi tacos with a side of slaw. YUM. Just the right amount of spice for me on the tacos and the slaw is delicious. The beer selection is pretty great and they have margaritas galore. Parking can be tricky because NODA has limited spaces near the main drag. Be prepared to walk a little.
4	Decent food! Good service considering how busy it is. Average drink selection. I like the location of this place but it can get a bit crowded and noisy depending on the night. I feel like a bigger space would allow for a better experience since it is a hot spot in NoDa and let's face it: there's just not enough room for everybody! Still give this place four stars though, because these are just minor setbacks. The salsa is fresh and super chunky! Probably one of the best food items.
4	The food, service and atmosphere are great here. As a visitor to Charlotte I am only sad that I cant eat here every weekend!But when I do visit, its on my list of must do's!
4	Fish and carne asada tacos were excellent, salsa was good, atmosphere excellent, highly recommended
2	The 35 minute wait ended up being over an hour. Thankfully the areas surrounding the restaurant were entertaining enough to keep me occupied. The corn salsa was so bland that I felt the need to add a pinch of salt to each bite to experience some flavor before I gave up on it completely. My family ordered three different dishes 1. Beer battered fish tacos had way to much batter. We could barley tell there was even fish in it2. Chicken quesadillas were nothing more than mediocre. Chicken was very dry  3. BBQ Mahi Tacos were decent. The slaw on top was a bit overpowering but overall, it was the best out of the three dishes. Maybe my expectations of tacos is different being from Texas, but I had heard such good things about this place that I set the bar high in my head. If I were to come back here, it would be for the environment, not so much the food.
4	Awesome!  The food was amazing and inexpensive.  We got sat, we're greeted instantly with chips and a yummy corn salsa by our server who took our drink and appetizer order immediately.  Of we course we had to try the queso.. Not what we were expecting, but it was really good ( we actually ended up mixing the corn salsa with the queso dip - bangin!).  We definitely miss this place now that we are living back in Maryland!
1	I live within walking distance of CFT and used to go here all the time. I used to line their food. Now, it's all gone down hill. I don't know what happened. Every time I've eaten there recently it's terrible. Cold sides, stale chips, fish not fresh... Recently I got the veggie fajitas. I'm still gagging thinking about it. Tastes like old Chinese food (yeah,not Mexican) that had been sitting in a styrofoam box in the fridge for a week then heated up in the microwave. It was so gross. I didn't finish it. So last week I went there (why? Not sure) and I got a simple vegetable wrap with some ranch sauce and a side of fruit. The fruit tasted fine, not freshly cut but maybe like pre cut my Harris teeter or something. Anyway I started feeling an upset stomach after the first part of the wrap. I boxed the other half and took it home. I tried to finish it at home and within 30 minutes I was projectile vomiting. It lasted the entire day. I threw up around 25 times that day. I have never felt so sick. That food was the first and only thing I ate that day and I never ever throw up usually. I couldn't keep anything down the entire day, not even water or medicine, I felt like dying and that wrap poisoned me! Definitely my last experience at cabo will be connected with some brutal food poisoning memories. Ew
3	Visited Cabo for lunch on a business trip.  Nice presentation, but disappointing flavor.  I probably wouldn't go back...  I'm surprised that stay in business in the trendy NoDa district.
3	Great fish tacos.  I always pick at least one grilled option.  If you do 2 fried fish options, then it can be too much.  Pasta salad side is really good too.
4	Super long wait, but worth it. You don't have to sit in front of the place. They will text you when your table is ready, so go to the bar next door and have a drink. Everything we tried there has been good. It's one of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte. The whole NoDa area is nice. Well worth eating here.
5	Cabo Fish Taco was the first place I found GOOD tacos in Charlotte.Being right in the middle of NoDa, Cabo Fish Taco has a bit of a cult following. Why, you ask? Because it is delicious. The ambiance of the restaurant fits perfectly with the NoDa location (excellent artwork, quirky decorations). And, wait, did I mention that it's delicious?I got a tavarua wahoo taco, as well as a BBQ mahi taco. Both were incredible. The spicy avocado salad was one of the best pasta salads I've ever eaten.  I also ordered a glass of Sangria (it was on special for $3), and it was light and crisp. I would go back in a heartbeat.
4	While on a trip to Charlotte, we visited this restaurant because we had seen it on Diners, Drive In, and Dives. Because of the time of day we went, we got in with no wait at all. The salsa we got before the meal was very fresh and very good. The Beer Battered Shrimp Tacos were excellent. It was with worth searching out this restaurant because it was worth the hype. My only complaint is that since I do not live in Charlotte, I cannot have these tacos more often.
4	Can we say...I love myself some fish tacos?!I have been to this place several times when I was a vegetarian ...and still loved it. I have taken a new wonderful liking since started eating fish! My favorite is the Blackened Mahi Fish tacos. As a side, I used to get the jalepeno/cheese mashed potates...yum! Well, they just changed the options and added the avacado pasta salad...WOW...that's the best pasta salad I've ever had...it has a kick to it as well. The ambience is nice...California-style Mexican; great to sit on the patio as well as inside. Great for take-out as well.  When it's crowded...see if there are available seats at the bar...Noda is doing really well lately and Cabo's here to stay!!
1	Am I missing something here??  I've been anxiously waiting to visit this place because I've heard so many positive things about it.  Heck, it's been featured on the food network!  So I finally went today. Got there around 6:30 pm on a Friday evening and the tables were filling up quickly.  Cute decor, island music and nice youthful ambience.  I was feeling good...but not for long.  Chips and pico were served. Took a quick glance at the menu and knew what I wanted.  Fish tacos!  What else?  The place bears the name so it must be their specialty, right?  Wrong!!  I ordered the blackened mahi fish tacos.  ($10.50 for 2 tacos +1 side).  They were wrong in all senses of the word.  Where do I even begin... Ok, so the plate looked nice but the fish was dry and warm (I like my food hot unless its supposed to be cold).  It had absolutely no flavor.  Blackened is supposed to be very flavorful people!  The fish chunks tasted like stale, warm, low-sodium canned tuna with a hint of, I don't know, garlic powder maybe??  It had a smear of avocado, a few shreds of white cabbage, a few shreds of cheese and a drizzle of "white cilantro sauce" which was so scant that I couldn't even taste it.  It was decoration, I guess.For my 1 side I chose the refried beans.  Yuk!  Tastes like cheap canned beans.  I ordered a dos XX special lager on tap and it was flat and watered down.  Even the beer was a hot mess.  And here I am in shock!  I'm not quite sure what all the hype is about. This place was not very good at all.  And I don't plan on going again.  Ever!  If I want good fish tacos, I'll go to the pros... Authentic Mexican.  I'm done!  What a disappointment!
5	Just a forewarning the lines at the Cabo can be a bit long Friday and Saturday night. That being said its worth the wait and the buzzer they give you reaches across the street to the shops if your looking to blow some time. Once your seated the chips and dip are amazing and the service is great. I will however warn you that you may have to seek professional help after taking that first bite. If your anything like me you may become a Fishoholic. Night flashes, shakes, panic attacks. I guess it all depends on how well you can handle a taste of heaven on earth.
4	Was wrestling between a 3 or 4 for Cabo Fish Taco, but I give it a 4 because of the fun factor and that I'll definitely be a returning customer.  The restaurant is on a lively street in the NoDa area, surrounded by other restaurants and bars.  It reminds me of some of the neighborhoods back home in Chicago.  We stopped in around 7 on a Saturday night and there was already a line formed to talk to the hostess.  They informed us that it would be an hour, which wasn't a problem.  We expect waits like that on a Saturday night, plus there are a bunch of bars to go grab a drink or two while you wait.  Also, the wait only ended up being about 30 minutes.    Ambience/Space:  4  A very loud, energetic space with island type music playing.  This is a great place for groups that want to go out, slam some drinks and have a good time.  They also have a small outdoor seating area which is great for nice nights.  Service:  3.5  Hostess was very nice and texted us when our table was ready.  Our waiter was pretty standard, more interested in just taking our order and moving on.  Again, it was packed and he was very busy, so no big deal.  Chips/Salsa:  3  The salsa was a pico that tasted very fresh, but I would've preferred a little more spice.  The chips were pretty run of the mill, nothing special.Entree:  4  I had the two tacos and a side dish.  I tried the white fish taco and the carne asada tacos.  I really liked both.  They had a lot of flavor, but the thing that sealed it for me were the shells.  I chose the rice & beans side, and unfortunately that fell a little flat for me.  It didn't have much flavor or spice to it.  Next time I'll probably try a different side.   Margarita:  3  To be fair, I only tried their house margarita that comes with Cuervo.  It was pretty good, but next time I'll probably go for a different version.  I think they have something like 16 different margaritas, ranging from cheap ($5), to skinny, to flavored, to premium.  It really is a pretty cool margarita list.
1	NOT a good experience..... I'll leave it at that. Something has changed since the triple D visit or Spike would have  walked away shaking his head ?
4	I had been waiting to try this place for YEARS since coming to town from Raleigh for a concert, but its always so packed when we're there. I finally discovered they do take out, so we by-passed the hour wait (at 8:30 on Friday night) and ordered food at the bar. We got chips and the amazing tomatillo salsa while we waited, and luckily, by the time the food came out (which wasn't long), two seats opened up at the bar and we got to eat there. And lemme tell you... It was well worth the wait. The beer battered tacos were out of this world. My husband had the mahi, which I liked on its own, but liked my taco more. The avocado pasta salad was the winning side- my black beans and rice were a little bland. But overall, it definitely lived up to the hype!
1	Get it together cabo. No one should have to wait for their whole party to arrive to be sat. You're lazy. Take a reservation like a normal restaurant. Tacky.
2	The corn salsa was good. The lemon grilled wahoo fish tacos were real dry, the fish). The shrimp and crab dip, way too creamy. Not for us.Also, from several mths ago. :(
5	I have never had a bad meal here! Love the food and the atmosphere.
4	We visited because of the DDD segment and the recommendation of our driver. It was definitely good and worth visiting, but I wouldn't quite give it a 100%. The original margarita was good but not great. The rice & beans lacked a distinctive flavor. Highlights: the service was very prompt and friendly, and the lemon shrimp taco and avocado pasta salad were exceptional. Well worth the visit.
5	Cabo Fish Tacos is as good as it gets. My husband and I probably come here about once to twice a month (ok....maybe more!). Just some notes to consider:-There is pretty much ALWAYS a wait. They don't take reservations in advance...I think they want to keep that low-key mentality intact. Though, you can put your name on the list and hop around to the many bars, art galleries, stores, and wine placse in NODA. They will text you when your table is ready.-The crab dip is the best appetizer on the menu. Get it.-I always get the BBQ Mahi tacos (and so does my husband). Every time I venture off that track, I regret it because I know what I like...and that is BBQ Mahi. Their tacos are the best and you can mix and match.-For sides, we usually get fruit or the refired beans (depending on if we are trying to be "healthy" or not haha. Beware, that the refried beans are the typical tasting slop they give you at most typical Mexican restaurants. It has a different flavor and is a bit spicy.-This is more tex mex than mexican....if you want a crap ton of floured wraps wrapped in some kind of meat covered in cheese and sauces.....this isn't the place (Not to say that meat wrapped in tortillas covered in cheese and sauces is a bad thing......I love Mexican too!)-The vibe inside is chill, not nice. No need to look fancy. -Usually they have pretty good drink specials.
3	Somehow I walked in on a busy Friday night without having to wait.What I ordered: Caborita margarita - delicious. Queso fresco - too much queso White fish tacos - just meh, the fish just had a fried tasteI had remembered having awesome fish tacos - apparently it wasn't here.
1	Nightmare!I went last night with my friends for my birthday:  We waited for over two hours for our table (since they would not take reservations). The original offer for a table (after waiting for an hour already) was to split our party into the two separate rooms of the restaurant at twe very distant tables. The server that offered this was not only curt, but her words were "it makes it really hard on us" to seat our party. Personally, having worked in the industry for ten years, i would NEVER say something to this affect to a paying customer!  When we were finally seated, there were only a chips and salsa appetizer for almost fifteen minutes before our order was ever taken. When our food was finally delivered, two of the persons in the group were not served. Their food was not delivered to the table until everyone else was finished with our over cooked and very dry tacos. This was something that was never acknowledged as a short coming on the restaurants behalf. At the risk of sounding cheap, there was never an offer to comp their plates, or compensate in any matter.  When it came time to deliver the bill, the server had no idea who had what. The bills were jumbled, and as a matter of fact some of them were even PAID TWICE (considering one of our party felt sympathetic to the futile efforts of the staff and stayed behind as the rest of the party left and later found out the tab had actually been paid) !!! Fortunately for the server, he was paid AND TIPED double for at least one of the tabs for his less than mediocre efforts. I will NEVER return to this restaurant, and recommend anyone with more than three, or four people in their party not confuse and overwhelm the staff by their presence. Horrible service, food and poor attitudes!
4	The crab & shrimp dip is excellent! The tacos are too. Just be careful. This food is spicy! It's delicious but spicy!The waitress was excellent. I also love that they give you free chips & salsa. I absolutely can not wait to go back there!
5	Fresh corn salsa with tortilla chips.  The tacos and burritos are all excellent, as are the desserts.  The red velvet cake is a delicious multi-tiered confection with thick frosting.  I was disappointed to find that they have stopped serving the mashed potatoes as a side but the pasta salad was a nice substitute.
2	Food was just ok. Guacamole tasted like crap. $7 !!!  For a tiny bowl of doo doo. Chips were stale and the tacos tasted old. Would not return.
4	As a Charlotte resident for a little over six years, this place has pretty much been a go-to throughout this time. I'm surprised that I haven't gotten around to write a review about Cabo until now.The place is pretty loud especially during peak times (Friday and Saturday nights) but it has a fun and funky vibe. If you plan to go during peak times, be prepared to wait. However, the plus sides are that they text you when your table is ready and there are a number shops and bars to stop in while you wait.In my recent visits, the waitstaff has been SUPER friendly and accommodating. You automatically start off with a small-ish bowl of corn salsa and chips. Personally, I recommend getting one of their signature margaritas. I usually stick with the skinny margarita. As for the tacos, I'm a fan of the BBQ mahi mahi tacos with rice and beans. The rice and beans aren't the greatest but a sufficient enough side choice for myself.If you are a fan of fish tacos and a laid back time, Cabo is a good choice!
5	Cabo is my favorite restaurant. As a huge fish/seafood lover I am always in heaven when I visit. No matter what you order everything is always fresh and delicious. The menu items aren't overly complicated and the featured specials are always a hit. Two thumbs up!
5	I feel guilty that I have never reviewed Cabo Fish Taco before because it is my favorite place! I love this place and I always take people here when they come to visit. My favorites are the BBQ mahi tacos, lemon grilled shrimp tacos and the mahi maui burrito but you really can't go wrong here. My fiance loves the rasta pasta. The guacamole is also delicious. The only thing that is sometimes a downside to this place is that it can get really loud in the restaurant which makes it hard to talk at dinner. Also, since it is so tasty, sometimes you have to wait awhile for a table. But it is SO worth it!
4	My wife and I decided to take a detour through Charlotte on our way home to Augusta from Wilson, NC. We wanted to eat somewhere in Charlotte and decided to pick Cabo Fish Taco because they were featured on Diners, Driveins, and dives. Overall the atmosphere was nice and friendly. For some reason the same dumb song played multiple times during our time there. Not sure what that was about. We were seated in a section that looks like they might open it up to the outside in warmer months. Someone was smoking just on the other side and it was coming in the restaurant. We ordered cabo rolls and tuna tacos. The tacos and avocado pasta were amazing but the cabo rolls were too salty to eat. When we let our server know she immediately got us a menu to order something in place of the cabo rolls. We ordered the carne asada tacos and they were delicious! The chips weren't warm. I've never been to a good Mexican restaurant that doesn't serve warm chips. They did tasted good and the salsa was yummy and we will definitely return if we ever get to Charlotte again!
3	I love the Noda feel of this place and the beer battered shrimp tacos are great but the service is always up in the air. If the service was good and the wait staff acted like they cared if you were even in the restaurant, I'd for sure rate it higher. I've eaten here a lot and the service has been consistently below average.
5	Best tacos in town! Bartender Cobra rocks! She is attentive and fun. Had a great meal and a great experience! Highly recommended.
4	This place has super tasty food and a lively, fun atmosphere.  Situated in the eclectic, artsy NoDa neighborhood of Charlotte, Cabo Fish Taco offers plenty of Southern CA/Baja style dishes, all prepared with lots of flavor and freshness.  We were told their fish taco specials are offered based on fresh selections so we tried the calamari tacos and rare tuna tacos (neither on the printed menu).  Both were extremely good, each with a unique sauce to compliment.  Their side dishes are loaded with flavor and make sure to order one of Charlotte's local brews...they offer several!!  In addition to a dining area, they have outdoor seating (draped and heated in the colder months) and a large bar.  Just be aware that sitting near the front door can be a little drafty on a cold night.
4	Really enjoyed the Ahi Tuna Burrito, had some of the best flavor. Very fresh!Wish it had come with something on the side, but overall definitely a redo.
3	Second time at Cabo in Charlotte.  Food is pretty good; good selection of brews, not such a good selection of wines.  Most disappointing is that they did not have corn tortillas!  Not even the chips with the corn salsa were all corn.  One in our party is gluten sensitive and we were sure that choosing a mexican theme would be a sure bet for corn tortillas.  Guac was over smooth, but fairly tasty.
4	I LOVE this fun, local restaurant! Cabo is always the #1 place that our family takes out of town friends and family! The servers are friendly , knowledgeable, and quick taking our order, and the food is served hot and delicious. The chipotle corn salsa and the chipotle cheese dip are delicious starters! For a decadent starter, I highly recommend the seafood dish! My favorite dish is 1 mahi mahi taco and 1 shrimp taco with the avocado pasta salad side dish. With a squeeze of fresh lime, the perfect chewiness of the floor tortillas, and the bright flavors of the fish and shrimp--YUM! I could go there right now! :)
4	My sister, my brother in law and i went here last night and it was wonderful!  Pete our server was terrific!  He was fast, nice and had an awesome margarita suggestion!  Only issue we ran into was that the fajitas where a little salty and my jalapeno mashed potatoes didn't have the cheese melted on it but everything else was delish!! Totally coming back and hope we get Pete again, that guy is the bee's knees plus his beard would make any man jealous :)
3	My sister and I heard this spot was featured on diners, drive Ins, and dives.  We shared the fish tacos, they were okay, the corn salsa was ok too.  But our server was pleasant.  The must interesting part of our visit was the double toilets in the ladies restroom.
2	This place use to be on our short list of regular places to visit. The shrimp tacos and mexi-slaw were worth waiting for.I hadn't been in a few years until yesterday, when I decided I had been going without Cabo for long enough! It was quite chilly outside, so when the hostess sat us at a table directly in front of the door, I asked that we be moved into the "bar" room. She hesitated and said service would take a while if we moved, even though I could see several empty tables. We agreed to stay right in front of the door. It was cold. When other guests walked in they tended to leave the door open, and the hostess was rarely there to close it, so that wasn't very comfy.The hostess never smiled, and often rolled her eyes at the backs of other guests, and once at a crying baby. That was a turn off. They couldn't see her, but we could. I got my usual shrimp tacos and slaw. The shells to the tacos had been very lightly fried, but were greasy and tasted of old oil. The slaw has changed. Not as much flavor and the spicy seeds they put on it were missing (that was the best part!)My son got the $6.96 shrimp burrito from the kids menu. He got a side of Baja Rice. It would have been nice if the server had told us the burrito was already filled with Baja Rice, which was described as having chutney on it, but that must have been missing too. So the not-so-good rice and burrito were left with one bite out of each. My daughter got the lemon seared shrimp tacos. Basically bait shrimp with lemon seasoning on it. She asked for the fresh fruit option as a side, but they didn't have any, so she got the veggie medley, which I ate. She picked the shrimp out and ate them solo. My husband got swordfish tacos (maybe burritos?) and mexi-slaw. He LOVED the swordfish, but even as an avid slaw lover (and just all around food lover!), he left his slaw to the trash.  On a side note, our server was nice. The vegetable medley was really tasty, and I wish I would have just gotten a huge bowl of that! Not sure we will be back, which makes me sad. This was my go-to recommendation for any new comers to Charlotte.
3	Went with two of my girlfriends on a Wed. Night. Seated immediately. Restaurant had a nice feel to it.I ordered a traditional beer battered fish taco and a Wahoo Fish taco. The latter was simply amazing. The traditional (at least what I consider traditional) was just okay. Perhaps I had super high expectations because, oh I don't know, their name includes the words "Fish Taco". The corn salsa was fresh and very tasty. The guacamole was just okay but my expectations weren't that of the beer battered fish tacos seeing as how it's not "Cabo Guacamole Dip".This was my first visit so I asked our "too cool for school" waiter his recommendation. He smugly responded, "I haven't had a bad taco in 4 years." Dude, I didn't ask how long you've been employed at the establishment, I asked what you recommended from the establishment. All in all, food was good, nice environment, waiter was a douche.
2	I really want to love this place but I really think it's overrated. I've been a number of times over the years and the food is rarely better than ok. The service has always been awesome though.
3	The atmosphere is relaxed, the food is great, the service is family friendly... grab your drink and eat outside, you've made your day go from "I wish it were Friday to tis feels like a Friday" when you reach the bottom of your margarita glass.
4	Had a really good time here. The food was good, but the music was too loud. I'm no prude, but I do like to hear myself think and the company I'm with talk. Other then that, excellent.
4	So the amazing Jeff from Outsell is with us and KB the largest leprechaun went to this joint cause it's in the triple D tour and I'll tell you what.   Yes Jeff does eventually stop talking about sales.   And the tacos were da bomb.  That's it.  Great atmosphere nice folk and did I mention good tacos.     Here's a pic.  Just go.
5	I'm a fish taco junkie and this place is my Graceland! I haven't tried the majority of the menu because they always have multiple daily specials and it's hard to pass them up. I usually sit at the bar which has a great selection of brews and an always pleasant tender which adds to the laid back vibe!
3	I don't get all the hype. It's a good restaurant with good food but it's in no way earth-shattering. I was happy with service and the availability of cheap margaritas (el cheapo for $5), but it was loud and the wait was an hour.  So it's a nice place to go if you want casual atmosphere and if the line isn't too long.
5	My husband and I came here around 4 on a Saturday afternoon after spending a couple of hours at the Dog Bar. We were pretty hungry although it was not quite yet dinner time, so we just wanted something to nosh on. We decided to go here after all the rave reviews we had from friends. We were immediately seated and our drink orders taken. We decided to split the queso and a chicken quesadilla. Our waitress (as listed per the receipt) was JWOO. She was spunky with piercings and was perfect. She was quick and even asked the kitchen to split the quesadilla between 2 plates since we were splitting (that goes a long way). The food was excellent, although I think the queso is meant to be taken down in 5 minutes, because once it starts cooling off it can get a bit hard. Overall we had a great time and will be back, especially if going to Dog Bar.
4	I love everything about Cabo, their food is beyond amazing. I have been a frequent visitor of the location in Blacksburg, VA and upon moving to Charlotte I was super eager to give this one a try as well. They have a slightly different menu but for the most part it's the same. I tried their sweet chili tofu tacos which was something new to me and they were amazing. I am usually not a huge fan of tofu but these were delicious and the sauce was sweet with a hint of spice but nothing overwhelming. My bbq mahi tacos were actually a spicier than the tofu. I always like to get their margaritas as they are delicious and they have a wide selection. There is normally a wait but the restaurant is a decent size and you usually don't wait as long as they say. Plus, it's totally worth it.
4	This place is great! Good food and beers with a good selection of mixed drinks as well. Fun atmosphere. I wish there was better parking, it is always difficult, and wish they had more open outdoor space. Overall, the food is great and inexpensive so I will be back!
5	I went wtih two local friends and an out of towner last night to Cabo Fish Taco. We had an amazing time. They have a great beer list that we checked out during a brief wait at the bar for a table. Our server Brittany was fun and incredibly efficient. She was patient while we laughed and talked and ignored the menu as well. We split their queso which was a hit all the way around. I had one of their specials which was a snapper taco and picked the refried beans and rice as my side and it was fantastic. All of us loved our meals and will definitely be back. It's a great, fun spot while you are out and about in NoDa.
2	I suppose it depends on what you come here for. I enjoy coming here for an alternative to mexican for something a bit more healthy. i like the grilled mahi mahi with a side of fresh fruit. If I'm going to really eat mexican out I would not come here as the fish tacos are a bit on the bland side. Nothing is really spicy.
4	Moving from Phoenix I can be a bit of a taco snob.  Although its not "real" Mexican food its really tasty. I like the lemon shrimp tacos the best. The corn salsa is refreshing and I'll add this place on my list of regulars for sure. The only thing that puzzles me is why there is California Reggae Dub music playing in the background.  Its more like Mexico meets Texas on a tourist Jamaican vacation.  I'm a huge fan of tacos and Reggae/Dancehall but I've never seen them meet this way.  It's interesting.I'll keep coming as long as the shrimp tacos stay on the menu.
5	Having moved to Ohio, I can only say that I REALLY MISS CABO FISH TACO. We made a trip back to visit Charlotte and this was the first place we visited. PS. You can make the honey wasabi sauce at home- 1 part honey, 1 part wasabi paste. It really is that easy and has made the lack of Cabo a bit more bearable.
5	Another great visit to Cabo!  Their special today was fried crawfish taco's that were awesome.  I could eat here every day.
5	Just the best food ever and the environment is so relaxed and fun.  I always have to resist the urge to faceplant when I am here.  The Cabo rolls are excellent, the corn salsa is sweet and spicy and totally addictive.  The beer battered whitefish tacos are just wonderful.  While there, the special on 3$ bloody mary's was a welcome surprise....the best bloody mary I've ever had.  And our waitress Brittany was fabulous.....attentive but not overly and welcoming and sweet.  Can't wait to come back!
5	Wasabi ahi tunaBBQ mahiBoth were outstanding. My boss got the carne ones and those were better than the salmon ones.Highly recommend. 2nd time there Nd definitely not the last.
5	Went there last night with for the first time, and loved everything about it. Our server Melissa was very helpful, from navigating the beers on tap through the menu and specials. I had a BBQ Mahi Taco and a Lemon Grilled Shrimp Taco. Both were very tasty, but I was kicking myself for not getting two of the BBQ Mahi tacos. For a side item I got the spicy avocado pasta salad. Like the tacos, it was filled with flavor. I look forward to going back. Highly recommend it.
1	Cold chips they say they do not make them to orderThis place is terrible where did they get the fish? Did not look like any fish that I have ever had. It was so bad I took two bites and left . First what is Cabo about it? and what is fish about it?It takes more than a few pieces of frozen fish on a tortilla shell. Lets see if Taco Bell can do better ?Guy you must have been drunk if you liked this place of course I have never seen him visit a place that he said he did not like?No No No I should have contacted my credit card company and disputed the charge. What a waste...
4	The only place in Charlotte with the best fish tacos!!
5	The best tacos ever. This is one oft favorite places . Tuna jerk tacos favorite. Could eat here every day.
5	As a first timer, I can honestly say that my expectations were blown away by this place. I could seriously eat here every day for the rest of my life and be totally okay with it. I love Mexican and I love fish, so I am predisposed to like any place that combines the two.While visiting friends, they drove us around different neighborhoods and pointed out Cabo Fish Tacos while we were in NoDa. While they were at work the next day, I went back right as they opened at 11am for an early lunch. The service was amazing (granted they weren't exactly swamped at the time), and kept the water and chips and salsa coming all meal long. It didn't take very long to get our orders.  My boyfriend got the grilled mahi mahi and the steak special taco and I got a grilled mahi mahi and a BBQ mahi mahi. First: the shell. Awesome, a little puffy, not overly greasy, although a little flimsy on the BBQ taco. Second: The fish. I can't think of any place I've ever been where I've gotten that much fish (and great quality fish at that) in a fish taco. At first I didn't think two would fill me up, but they definitely do! I am not a huge BBQ person, so I preferred the grilled, but they were both excellent. I got the rice and beans as a side, and they were a little spicy compared to what I'm used to and whatever spice they used kind of stuck in my teeth, so that was the only "miss" of the meal for me. I'm bummed I don't live in Charlotte because this would definitely be a regular place of mine. I will definitely be returning next time I'm in town!  Hopefully I'll get to try some of their awesome looking margaritas next time too!
4	Delicious!! The tuna tacos were yum and had a great kick to them. Loved the whole meal.
5	I ate at CFT for the first time this week with some coworkers. Delish!! I had the chicken quesadilla, and asked for light cheese...it was perfect. Looking forward to going back soon!!
4	Cabo is always on my mind whenever I crave a fish taco or one of their huge burritos.  Service is about as good as you should expect from a pretty popular locale and the beer selection is fantastic.  If the weather is good, try to get a patio table and people watch!
5	Great food and great atmosphere make for a great night.  My wife and I were there this weekend and were more than pleaded. We each had the fish tacos and were both very pleased.  Service was good and they had dos equis lager on tap...Will definitely be back.
4	Had a lunch date at cabo fish and enjoyed out good I been here back to back in the last two week. Waiters are always super nice and hippy which I love. The cranes asada taco were great meat was a little tough but still well flavored, this place is awesome in the summer when the nods area have live bands ...
4	Had lunch here today. The tuna tacos were fantastic and the chips and salsa were some of the best I've ever had. Had the cabo toll appetizer and it was good but honestly not needed with the free chips and salsa.
1	I will never step foot in this establishment again. This is my 3rd time here and the service has yet to improve. Waiter/Waitresses are continuously very cold not personable. Moving on the food was below average ( chicken fajita  - blackened tuna salad) tuna was over cooked and the fajita  was thrown together! The waiter could obviously notice the tuna was not prepared as we requested however failed to ever ask if we enjoyed our dish. We feared speaking up about the matter due to the poor service and chances of food contamination.
4	Great Food and Atmosphere!!Located in a very eclected neighborhood with lots of interest.We only had a 20 minute wait on a mid day Saturday afternoon for a table for four in what appeared to a crowded fan favored restaurant. My nephew who lives in Charlotte had been there once before. He thought it was a good place to try as one of my Food Network featured Charlotte restaurant locations.Cabo Fish Taco didn't disappoint! The server was very pleasant and steered us in the right food direction with our food choices. We had the Crab & Shrimp Dip, BBQ Mahi Mahi Fish Tacos, Lemon Grilled Shrimp Tacos, Chicken Quesadillas and Southside Chicken Wrap Burrito. We ordered the "Bannas Foster Cheescake (just okay) and Peanut Butter Chocolate Mousse Cake" (a better choice) desserts to go, but ended up eating them there!We all were pleased with our selections, especially the warm "Crab & Shrimp Dip" appeitizer (featured on the FN episode) freshly made pita toast points. The "BBQ Mahi Mahi" Fish Tacos (also featured on the FN episode) was our favorite entree of them all. The free salas (Chopped Tomato, Corn and Cilantro) was a refreshing change compare to other table side Mexican salas.If ever in Charlotte, NC again, I would make a track over to this place no doubt!!
4	This place was fantastic!! Wish they were close to where I lived!
3	Well the tacos at Cabo are delicious! I got the special terriyaki seabass tacos and the steak tacos and both were awesome. There were tons of taco options and the prices were very reasonable. My only complaint was the sound level- it was so loud inside that when we left, my throat hurt from yelling at my friends during dinner. The music was up so loud that, as patrons, we had no option but to talk louder to hear eachother. Even the waitress had trouble hearing us to take our order.
2	I had heard such great things about this restaurant so I went about 1 month ago and waited a full hour to get a table. I was completely disappointed. For starters, the hostesses were completely rude and out of line by being so disrespectful. Secondly, the food was just ok. I got chicken tacos that were dry and flavorless. I was also annoyed that the service was poor because they were very busy, I guess they just needed more servers that evening. Either way, I will not be returning.
4	Food is awesome but drinks are kind of watered down.  Sitting outside is nice because it's quieter and you don't have to yell across the table to talk to your company.  However I had a great time during my last visit!
5	Cool place.  Charlotte Landmark!! Out-of-town guests loved it!
1	SMH....Keep in mind I lived on the west coast in the mexican food capital of the United States (AZ). There was one bartender on a Saturday night, who was not only serving people at his bar, but he was making drinks for the enitre restuaraunt (which was full), answering phones and taking to go orders. Because of this, it was not the best service.  However, food was worst.  The salsa (whatever you call that) was not authentic, not good and very bland. The queso was OK! and my fist taco was just bland and not good.  The ingrediants that make Mexican food special are a combination of  citurs (lemon, lime), garlic, cilantro and salt. None of  which was present in any of the food!
2	Sadly, we had a really bad experience. Our guacamole had a really strange texture and unpleasant taste and the tacos were hardly even mediocre. The fish tacos had no cabbage, cilantro, or lime, they were pretty lacking in general and were served with wilted green leaf lettuce. The black beans and rice had no flavor. The party at the table next to us had to send their meal back for being uncooked. It was just not a meal I would ever come back for.
2	Good atmosphere but very bad quality of food.. price is ok but I guess you can't ask for more when it has a poor flavor. I would comeback for the atmosphere but not so much for the food
5	Great food and excellent service. The restaurant was crowded on a Good Friday but we only had to wait about 15 minutes. The service was attentive but not overbearing. The food was served quickly. The portions were generous. The Epic Tuna burrito was tasty and the Salmon tacoSalad was delicious. a wonderful evening!
1	Came here with my cousin who was visiting from Fort Bragg because I had heard solid reviews from others. He got the Mahi Mahi tacos which he said were average. The fish was bland and not particularly anything to write home about.I had the chicken tacos which were so watery that the tortilla they came on was soggy, damp and crumbling apart before it even reached my table. That should've been my first sign.There must have been an entire handful of chives in the tacos. I ended up having to spend five minutes picking enough out so I could actually taste the meat.Anyway, I ate a good portion of the tacos and began feeling sick about 45 minutes later. Spent the next two days in bed feeling miserable.I will never go back here.
4	Let me start off by saying I've been here several times and reason being? Food Network of course...so I got the BBQ Mahi Tacos as always and they were delicious! I love the crunchy slaw with the tender Mahi Mahi and the white cilantro sauce. Service was ok (that's why I took off a star). Our waitress was flustered even though it wasn't that busy. She forgot to bring more chips & salsa after being asked an excessive three (3) times. Not to mention the station to get the chips & salsa was right beside our table; So we repeatedly saw her walk past it but we still didn't get it until asking the 4th time. She also took a while to bring our beers and we could see the bar from where we were sitting.  Also, the hostess @ the door had a mild "stank-a**" demeanor that I didn't appreciate. O_o
4	When you're deciding on what to order at Cabo, stick with what they do best - fish tacos.  I've had fish tacos from all across the country from North Carolina to California and I can safely say these are some of the best I've ever had.  Always fresh, always delicious.  The taste and consistency is on point.  The chips and corn salsa are delicious as well, although sometimes the chips are a little on the cold side.  The atmosphere is great!  It has a very trendy and hip vibe right in the heart of NoDa.  I usually try and visit earlier in the afternoon for dinner as it gets pretty busy later at night and there's usually a long wait.  It's also extremely loud when you visit during the peak hours.
3	Don't understand all the hype about this place. It's average at best. There food is pretty bland. Everytime I go I leave wondering why I gave it another try.
4	LOVE their tofu tacos!!! I order the sweet chili thai tofu tacos without cheese and they are the best vegan tacos I have ever had. Service is usually good, but I've also had a couple of bad experiences, otherwise I'd give it a 5.
1	sorry.but it totally sucks.
3	Great location, good service. Just an okay food experience. Chips were cold and salsa had more corn in it then a sauce dip for chips and salsa. I ordered the shrimp tacos they were pretty good.
4	Excellent experience! We took a 5 or 6 mile detour off the highway after researching good places from Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives between Atlanta and Washington, DC (long car trip!) to stop at Cabo. It was one of the best meals of the trip!I really like that you can mix and match tacos on your plate - you aren't committed to two of the same tacos, you can swap from one of the specials or any of the others featured on the menu. I got the BBQ Mahi, the sheepshead (fish) special, and the cactus side salad. The BBQ Mahi was DELICIOUS - I can't say enough good things! The sheepshead (which I've never had before - mild flavor) would be good any other day of the week, but it was hard to compare after the BBQ Mahi. My boyfriend got the avocado pasta salad, and I'd recommend that over the cactus salad (the salad wasn't bad, just a lot of beans to it - fresh flavor though).If you're in the area or passing through on the highway, I would definitely recommend this stop. It's worth it!
5	One of my favorite places to eat in CLT!  Not big fan of the complimentary salsa and chips (It's not a traditional salsa (has corn in it)).  My favorite dish on the menu is the Tavaruna (Tuna Tacos) the honey wasabi sauce (it is not hot) but the flavor is incredible) (one of best dishes.
5	Love, love, love CFT.  It's often crowded but I think it adds to the atmosphere.  The waitstaff are relaxed and funny but efficient, and the food is awesome!  I'm not a fish or seafood eater but can always find something on the menu that makes me lick my chops.
5	Had the BBQ Mahi Mahi fish tacos.  Told my friend it was like the tacos were having sex in my mouth it was so good.  Great spin on ready a solid staple fish taco!*definitely on the low end of $11-$20.  My whole bill for one was $12.  Definitely worth the $12!
4	I had a great time here for lunch ... my waiter was very friendly and the food was delicious!I really enjoyed the corn salsa and chips that came as soon as we sat down - it was a nice change from the standard tomato salsa.I went created a taco lunch of two different specialty tacos. I had the lemon grilled shrimp taco which had a nice light flavor while the tuna with the honey wasabi dressing was awesome! The tacos had generous portions of shrimp and tuna respectively. You can choose your side and I went with the refried beans - it was a lot spicier than I was anticipating, but it was a pleasant surprise. The only thing about the beans that I didn't like was that it was served a bit cold. Other than that I really enjoyed this place and will be back!
4	Great food, fun atmosphere.  I wish they would bring back the Jalepeno mashed potatoes :)Can be VERY crowded
4	This is one of my go to restaurants in charlotte. When people come into town to visit this is usually one of the first places I recommend due to its uniqueness and killer food. This is far from a chain which is exactly what I look for in a restaurant. As you'd expect from the name, their fish tacos are nothing short of incredible. I've had nearly all of the tacos on the menu including many of their specials. My favorites continue to be the Tavaroo Wahoo and the lemon grilled shrimp. You really can't go wrong though. A solid choice for anyone looking for something out if the ordinary.
4	This place started out as a 3-star for me and frankly I didn't understand why it was so damn popular.  The service was always really good, and they are on point with the refilling beverages and the chips and the checking up on you.  But the food was just average to me.  After my last experience there, I can now say that it was a "me problem!"  I just didn't order the right thing. I finally tried the tacos rather than going the burrito or wrap route.  The tacos, my friends, are legit.  I got the tuna taco with the wasabi honey sauce and the tofu taco with Thai chili.  Boo yah!  They were both tasty, with an edge to the tuna.  Now I see why people wait an hour and a half on the weekend to eat here.  Just be prepared to experience that wait.  And when you finally get seated, order tacos!
4	I was there on a Thursday.  at 7:30, there was a 20 minute wait for us (party of two).  I thought the nachos were a bit stale, but overall, it was a great night.
4	My first couple of times at Cabo we're not impressive - in Blacksburg or in Charlotte; my husband and I were both impressed with our service and quality of food at our last visit. Waitress made sure that our drinks never went dry and that we had everything we needed throughout our meal. The food was perfect - my husband especially loved the wasabi tuna taco!
4	Okay-tacos are delicious and the staff are super friendly...I didn't care for the ambience since it was a bit loud to carry on any conversation and one ladies bathroom for a packed place is ridiculous.....Frankly, the tacos are the BEST so it doesn't matter if there are no available bathroom, loud music, long wait.. It is worth it :-)
5	One of the best and most unique places in Charlotte. I love the honey wasabi tuna tacos. Packed with flavor and always a lively place to hang out. I have never been disappointed in what I ordered. The corn salsa is also really good.
5	I'm from California and it's really hard to find great Mexican food in Charlotte.  Cabo Fish Taco is as good, if not better than any California Mexican restaurant that I've been to.
1	Don't ever get the trout taco special.  They are crap!!!  Cabo fish taco has really gone down hill lately.  The service is good the food is crap!!!
2	Beans or rice or both way too salty and when meal went virtually uneaten, it was not even questioned.  Also ridiculous  price for a bean and cheese burrito -- $10 bucks -- are you kidding me??   And the chips were completely stale.
2	Heard rave reviews about this place so when in the area with two friends who were familiar, we decided to eat there.  "Meh" is a good description.  Expensive for what you get.  Slow.  And simply nothing special about the food.  They enjoyed their lunches but I think I could have given them peanut butter and jelly on rye and they'd have enjoyed it just as much.  There's plenty better out there.
4	Stopped by for lunch today, I've been meaning to for a while now.  Even though is was Friday lunch the wait was only a few minutes.  Seated quickly, clean table, and promptly served some delicious corn salsa.  The chips were a little soggy but the salsa was great.I had the Beer Battered White Fish taco.  Batter was nice and light, not overpowering, and really highlighted the fish.  Also tried the Blackened Mahi Fish taco.  Nice spice! The Mahi was a little dry but when you got a bite of Mahi, cabbage, creama it was perfect.  I'll be back to try the BBQ Mahi fish taco.
4	I'm in foodie heaven here! Perfect fish tacos, and that shrimp dip - to die for! Atmosphere is great, service is friendly and excellent. Do try! You won't be disappointed!
4	I saw Cabo Fish Taco on DDD about a week ago, and just had to check it out. Very busy, short wait. They said 10-15 min., but it was more like 5 min. I had the lemon shrimp tacos, they were wonderful. Oh, we also had the shrimp and crab dip & that is a must have! Prices are ok for the amount of food.
3	I live in Noda so sometimes I come here out of convenience but I'm never greatly satisfied. Their tacos are good, but for the price you can get way better.Their chips are always stale too.Although the food is not anything special their service has always been good.
4	Great service!  Beer selection good.  Lemon Grass Shrimp are tasty, not overpowering.  Chips and salsa were not awesome so that's why I only gave 4 stars.
5	This place is amazing. The tacos are great and the sides can sometimes even be better! That avocado pasta salad!!!
1	After being repeat customers we had the worst experience with customer service. Since that time we have not been back and will not return.
5	Drinks? Fabulous! Tacos? Mouthwatering! Service? Fantastic! Keep this in mind and don't be discouraged if you show up and have to wait for a table. Grab a drink and get comfy - it's totally worth it!
5	Every time I go to Cabo, I am exponentially satisfied with my decision to have done so. Their food is exquisite, and I would gladly eat anything covered in their wasabi sauce. Never a disappointment.
5	Ate here while visiting Charlotte for the week after seeing all the reviews. All I can say is, Amazing. I love how you can pick any two tacos and mix and match them. Salsa was on point, beer selection was great, service was excellent. Had no idea what to get since it was my first time there, but the waiter was more than helpful and gave me plenty of suggestions. It is kind of pricey, but the food is worth it. Also, they have plenty of tvs for any of your sports needs. I definitely will be a regular once moving.
3	I used to be in love with Cabo Fish Taco. Over the last couple of years though, I've become disillusioned. It is way too loud inside, you can barely hear yourself think. I always chose patio seating instead. The chips are very thick, it's kind of awkward. The corn salsa is delicious though. My last visit we added the salsa verde and it was so salty we could only have a bite of it. The tacos are okay, they seem to have lost flavor over time. Out of previous positive experiences, I'm not going to write Cabo off, but it won't be my first choice.
3	Laid back vibe, good food and portions.  I mostly wanted to write this overdue review because of Rafaela, our awesome waitress.  She seemed to have a bunch of tables going at once, but was very attentive to us, and provided great service!
5	Love it
2	Got the tuna salad for dinner Sunday night.  Asked for it to be cooked medium, came out well done. Was completely delicious, but I have been very VERY sick to my stomach since then (two days now). Was heartbroken to throw away my leftovers, but didn't want to risk exacerbating my situation. Most likely going to avoid Cabo from now on, and I'm hoping that I feel better soon. :(
1	Don't believe the hype. My chicken taco  was so dry that a knife couldn't even cut it. It's easy to tell that it was chicken reheated from the previous day, and not properly reheated. Fish tacos were the same. We hardly ate any of our food. Will not be returning.
3	When we went two years ago, the food was amazing. Last month, we were both completely underwhelmed. Don't know what happened here, but the service was lacking and the food was bland. It was disappointing after having such fond memories of the place.
4	It's great, but remember I have everyone in the group there when you show up!  If not it's off to the bar... Or patio waiting area if that's your poison!
3	Coming from San Diego, I'd have to give their tacos and A-OK. The vibe is great and the salsa definitely needs improvement. I would recommend this restaurant but I think they can go from good to great with some revamped salsa and perhaps a quick trip to SouthBeach restaurant in San Diego. Then, they can nail it.
4	I have to say, these fish tacos are mighty good.  I was reading an article in Charlotte's edition of Creative Loafing and the writer mentioned ordering two specific tacos which found to be delightful. Having live most of my life near the coast, I have a rule about eating seafood so far inland. Yet, I've heard nothing but good things about this restaurant and I was literally a block away..so how could I resist?I ordered a BBQ Mahi taco, which I'm told was featured on 'Diner's, Drive In and Dives.'  The fish wasn't as fresh as it would be at a beachfront taco stand and the sauce was a tad sweet for me, but that was nothing a little hot sauce couldn't fix. I also ordered a Tavaroo Tuna taco, which had a hint of wasabi and was fantastic. It was early Saturday night and the dining room was filling up quickly, so I say at the bar and could observe everything coming out of the kitchen..and it all looked delectable.  Nice margarita menu and beer selection too.
3	The Mahi tacos are wonderful and I would return for the food but not the service. The tacos were fresh, delicious, and came quickly but only when the waitress decided to finally take our order. I attended at a time when there were only a few people at the bar and one other table and the waitress was too busy talking to co-workers rather than helping customers. They were well staffed at the time especially considering the small crowd that was there. I'm going to try to go there again during a busier time and hopefully the service will be as good as the food.
3	Started with chips and salsa. The chips were very stale and super salty. Salsa was ok. Tried the Cabo role as a starter that was average. The tacos were very good, tried the tavarua tuna tacos which were great. Atmosphere very casual which is a plus since we were just grabbing a late lunch.
5	Absolutely loved it!  Great local tap beers and wonderful shrimp tacos.  I would recommend the grilled shrimp over the fried, but that all comes down to preference.  I hear it can get pretty busy on a Friday/Saturday night so I would suggest going for lunch or on a week night.  If you don't mind a crowd then go anytime!
5	The food was fantastic and the tacos have a lot of meat/fish in them, so two is enough and I tend to be a big eaterTheir corn salsa was awesome as well (I'm usually not a fan of corn salsa)I took the bartender's recommendation and got their two most popular tacos, the mahi and wahoo.  Just fantastic flavors.I don't do the accompanying sauces so they may be better or worse with those added (I hate Mayo and sour cream)I do know the seasonings on their own were fairly bold and grabbed the taste buds just right.  The decor is great and makes you feel almost like you're about to hit the beach.  It was a great start to my vacation with my brother.  NoDa is a pretty cool neighborhood as well so be sure to walk around a bitCabo Fish Taco is where I think I will be going from now on when I land in your fair city
4	Super yummy fish and shrimp tacos! We where in town from southern california and where pleasantly surprised by this gem!
5	BBQ Mahi and tavaroo is the way to go! The honey wasabi is amazing.. The queso is excellent, the tortillas are home made and perfection.. I wish we had one in Raleigh!
5	I recently had one of the most disappointing experiences in a restaurant that I can remember and it made me want to review one of the best experiences I've had in Charlotte: Cabo Fish Taco. There's a ton that's been said about this place. It's got a lot of hype and lines out the door to prove it. After living in Charlotte for almost 20 years, it was time for me to try it out. And it did not disappoint!Food- 2/2*Excellent. Loved the flavors of the BBQ Mahi tacos. We tried several different kinds and loved them all. They were really something I had never tried before. Personally, I loved the corn salsa that comes with the chips. We order an appetizer of queso, and it was also very, very good. One minor note that I believe to be a fluke- the chips seemed a little stale. I haven't read any comments about them before, so it probably was just a bad batch. Atmosphere- 1/1*As mentioned elsewhere, it is loud inside. But I didn't sit inside, I waited the extra 15 minutes and sat outside on a beautiful June evening. It was worth the wait. This place fancies itself as a West Coast taco shop and sitting outside, it felt that way to me. I don't know if I would go back and not sit outside. I enjoyed the atmosphere there. Price- 1/1*No major complaints. Normally, I would frown on paying $12-15 for two tacos, but they filled me up and is loved them. I'm willing to pay a few extra dollars if I like the food and I leave full. Service- 1/1*I cannot write enough good things about the service that we received here. It wasn't that it was over the top or extra attentive. Our waiter was running around like crazy, it was packed. Yet despite the busyness of the evening, our waiter really valued us. He gave great recommendations. It was clear he had tried everything on the menu multiple times. He never missed a refill on drinks or chips. And here's the thing that awesome: I love queso. I will eat every last drop of queso and the lick the bowl. I love queso. Our waiter had noticed me scooping out every last drop and unannounced brought us another bowl of it, free of charge! Now, I didn't need any more queso, since this was after our meal. But this communicated a ton to me: it communicated that he took notice of the experience I was having and he wanted to g out of his way to make sure that I wasn't just having a good night at Cabo, but a great night. Most wait staff don't operate as if it's their restaurant that they are invested in. I don't know who this guy was, but you could tell this was HIS restaurant and that mattered to him. I loved it (both the queso and the gesture). I've never experienced anything quite like that. It was awesome. I live 30-35 minutes away from NoDa. It's a trendy area and I'm hardly trendy. In fact, most of the time I feel out of place and uncomfortable around so many cool, hip people. Needless to say, I don't stumble into the NoDa area. And yet, I can't wait to go back. The other night I was getting takeout by myself and I wrestled long and hard about making the drive, finding a weird place to park and walking through crowds of people that are much cooler than me just to eat those tacos again. And I don't think I'd feel that way if it weren't for out waiter that night. He was awesome and whoever he is- 'thanks for taking care of us that night. You realize we could have eaten a lot of places and we tried your restaurant. It won't be the last time.'
5	Best fish tacos in Charlotte! Having traveled to Mexico and experienced the way fresh, authentic fish tacos are supposed to taste most Charlotte restaurants just can't compare. But Cabo Fish Taco (CFT) nails it.The NODA atmosphere where CFT is located is artsy and cool. Typically a younger crowd after hours, but very accessible and inviting.With limited outdoor seating plan ahead, but it's worth it on a cool night.
4	Cabo Fish Taco is super tasty... I've been there twice but this is my first review and both times was great! The downside.... if you're super hungry, go early or be prepared to wait. I've been to NoDa several times and this place is always crowded.... I'm talking 45 min wait or so.... But it's no big deal because they tell you your table is ready via text so we just went across the street to get a drink and an appetizer and problem solved. I wish they did take a few reservations for big parties.Their food is very very good. The fish tacos are the signature dish and the best part is that you can mix and match the fillings. There's a ton of sides I've had the nopalito salad, the beans, the avocado salad and they are all very good. The beer battered shrimp/fish were my favorite. I also had a burrito on my other visit and it was also very good. We had queso and some sort of crab dip as an appetizer and they were both good. Their salsa has corn and its super yummy. The service was good too.... prices are very reasonable and you get giant servings of food so can't complain.
1	I'm not quite sure how it gets such good reviews. Every time I come I get bad service and bad food. I gave up but a friend wanted to go just for a margarita and queso. The queso was cold and chips were stale. Service also sucked. We got the check (finally) and left without eating to go somewhere else. No one who works here even smiles at you!  We also sat without touching our chips, queso, and guac and no one checked on us at the bar.
5	Great Atmosphere.  Food is outstanding.  The tacos and the corn salsa can't be beat.
4	They are flavor scientists... Adventurous ingredients on each unique taco. Great place for a local beer and refreshing meal. Only downfall... When the bill comes. Pricey.
4	My first ever fish taco, and it blew my mind. First walking in, I thought the atmosphere was meh (too loud) and the service was also meh (too slow). The salsa was pretty good but nothing unlike the salsas I've had before. But then my BBQ Mahi Tuna Taco came and I almost died and went to heaven. I was expecting fish tasting taco but it was the least fish tasting tuna I've ever had. The fish was cut into chunky cubes but cooked so the meat practically melted into your mouth. The best part was the tortilla.  The tortilla was made out of some sort of God-Bread that was both flaky and bready at the same time. It was almost pastry like and I need to know how to make it! But anyways. You get my drift. Awesome, awesome, awesome food.
4	Worth the visit!  Go for  the  BBQ  Mahi Tacos.  Mine where loaded so it made the price for two wort it.  Had to finish with a fork it was so loaded.  It rivals Fish tacos from the west coast.  Vickie was a great host serving at the bar making great local Tap recommendations.  Next time I am in town I will definitely be eating there again.  It only gets loader as more guest come  in so go around 5:30 before the rush and you will be fine.
5	Right off the bat the corn salsa they give you is incredible and could be eaten as a side dish on its own. Food came out a little slow on a busy Friday night, but that just gave us more time to enjoy the salsa-our waitress was kind enough to bring another after we quickly demolished the first one. The fish tacos were excellent and the blackened shrimp and chicken burrito my girlfriend ordered was outstanding. I would highly recommend-my only caveat is that the environment inside is very loud.
4	Awesome atmosphere. Great food. Great service/people. The only downside is that this place is always busy!
3	Ordered a few different dips and appetizers.  The crab dip with pita chips were AMAZING but the guacamole was less than impressive.  It tasted like processed guac...nothing fresh about it.  I've had the fish tacos with a fruity drink in the past and they were delicious.  Great atmosphere and food overall!
2	We had high hopes for this place based on "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives" but have tried it twice and both times the place was WAY too loud to enjoy/talk/share...it was a nightmare of noise, with awful thumping music coupled with shouting clientele.  Food is very unremarkable, with a staff that is very young and not clued in.  I asked for blackened fish but got gooey drippy bbq sauce all over...and portions were not great.The only positive was the salsa.Not worth it, as there are much better Mexican joints where you can actually hold a conversation and enjoy your friends while you eat great Mexican food.
5	Lemon grilled shrimp tacos are unbelievable
5	If you haven't been to Cabo, GO! I originally discovered this place in the Blacksburg location, but got a chance to go to the Charlotte location recently. First off, the complimentary chips and corn salsa are amazing! Be careful not to eat too much of it because your entree will be plenty of food as well. Take that note with the appetizers too. Every bite is overflowing with flavor and your belly will be so happy and full. My favorite app: shrimp & crab dip and my favorite side: jalapeno & cheese mashers.
3	Cabo Fish Taco is a pretty good place. Personally, I love the queso but the food has just never been flavorful enough for me. The flavors never really mesh together in a way that's like..."good GOD I HAVE to come back for this specific entree" Definitely a place to try out for yourself though! Although it may not be my cup of tea it may be yours!
4	Had a combo, spicy tuna and carne asada tacos with spicy avocado salad. Great food, atmosphere, price.
4	Really great! Casual atmosphere. Had the BBQ mahi tacos and honey wasabi mahi burrito. Excellent.
4	Just had lunch today at Cabo FIsh Taco.  I had the wasabi tuna wrap.  There is only one word to describe the dish:  WOW!  It had to have been one of the of the best fish dishes I have ever eaten.  The portion was huge- I had to take half of it home along with most of the rice and beans. The service and ambience were awesome.So why only four stars and not five stars?  I had a microbrew.  A pint cost $6.50- or over half the cost of the main dish.  While it was good, I will stick with Diet Coke next time.  But rest assured, I will return!
2	People must like fishy fish tacos, because this place gets great reviews and a cool hangout, but every time I order fish tacos, they are very fishy. The plates and utensils are usually dirty, maybe is it part of NoDa style. I didn't enjoy myself. Sorry.
2	Can 14 years make a difference in the life of a restaurant?  At Cabo Fish Taco the answer is a resounding NO!The last time before this week that I had a meal there was 2000.  At the end of my meal I remarked that the fish was overcooked, tasteless and served barely above room temperature.  The service was at best mediocre.As we were in the area, a friend suggested we go there for lunch.  I hesitated for a moment, but then figured they had to get better after 14 years.  WRONG!  Someone please tell me how/why this place is still in business!Whatever that corn stuff they bring to the table is was horrible.  None of the condiments at the table could make it much better.Our waitress (in training) was pleasant enough.  She recommended a daily special - Curried Fish (trout I believe) Taco.  I had actually been in the mood for Indian food that day, so a Curried Fish Taco sounded like just the thing.  WRONG!  The curry flavor was so diluted that it tasted as though someone sprinkled just a dash of cheap curry powder on the fish while cooking.Jenny's Cabo's Signature Taco (beer battered white fish) was dry, overcooked, and EXTRA crunchy.  I surely would not want my signature on that!Perhaps I will wait another 14 years to see if they are able to earn that third star....
3	Good, but definitely not as good as it used to be.  Eleven dollars for two small tacos with hardly any fish or shrimp in either of them but way too much cilantro, plus a small side of beans of rice.  All of our flour taco shells were so chewy that we could barely eat them.  Give customers a choice because flour does NOT taste better, plus there's that whole gluten-free craze.  Draft beers were very pricey for a restaurant.  Not in much of a hurry to go back.  The food is fresh though,which is whey they barely earn three stars.
2	This place has really lost what they once had.   I believe the increase in business in the Noda area has occurred and they can't manage it correctly.   The Mai burrito was pretty good but the rice was cold and the chips were stale.   My suggestion is go else where in Noda,  there are too many better options
1	I went there with my friends and I was disappointed overall. The appetizer, shrimp and crab dip was awesome but our meal was eh. The food was cold, no flavor. It was like eating taco bell 'cause the meat was just too chewy and cold for my liking.
3	A lot of hype. Tacos are ok. Drinks are great! Service depends, sometimes its great and sometimes its slow.
4	My first impression of this restaurant last year was not a memorable one.  We decided to give it another shot prior to a show at the Chop Shop last week and I've been dreaming of the Tavarua Wahoo Tacos ever since (Tuna tacos with a wasabi honey sauce - YUM!). I can't wait to go back just to have that again!  I was also very pleased with our server that evening.
5	Had an early dinner there last week and received excellent food (White fish taco, black beans, and rice) and great service. Sat at the bar, watched TV, drank a beer, talked with the bartender, and savored every bite. It's hard to beat Cabo for the food (delicious every time) and atmosphere (casual and very eclectic). Can't go wrong with Cabo! (But come early to find parking in NoDa - only negative aspect to the whole deal).
3	I'm surprised to see this many reviews. Cabo is ok at best. I had 2 tacos for lunch which were good but nothing to rave about. The steak and shrimp were my choices. Neither were overlooked or chewy, like I said decent. The corn salsa is not a can't miss. Overall, I won't be back and I can't see anytng special about this place. $12 for two tacos, no drink.
3	When I saw this restaurant featured on diners, drive ins, and dives, it looked like the most amazing fish taco I could ever eat...it was good but just ok, I was def let down
5	Eat here at least once per month for lunch. Love the fresh salsa served with the drinks. Always order special fish taco of the day. Today was SeaBass with a mango salsa. Great as always.
3	Cool spot and the food is really good.  Often it can get crowed and they do not have space to wait, so often you're outside until a table opens, if the bar is crowded.  But as long as the weather is okay, it's worth the wait.
4	Was just down here on vacation, and I will be going back next time I am in Charlotte. This place is just simply amazing for food. I had some shrimp tacos that I loved. The app I had was average, and the beer selection was average as well. The waitress was just above average. If they just improve a few things, this is a 5 star place, but the food enough is reason to come back!
5	Love this place. Shrimp tacos and pomegranate margaritas are the best. Go early when there's less of a wait and it's less noisy
1	I went to cabo fish taco tonight after seeing a live music show. We were seated and ordered some food but I was refused a margarita for no apparent reason other than he felt we had already been drinking. Yes, I had a drink before, but I was not drunk and I was made to feel like I was. It is not only embarrassing but unprofessional. We decided to leave and go to another more deserving establishment that is not judgmental.
4	Food is always great. They are getting better with the wait time. But goodness it is always freezing and extremely loud music...bring a jacket and be ready ready to yell to have a convo. But hey great food.
2	J was a great server. However we have been here multiple times and the food is always subpar. The atmosphere is awesome, especially the patio area! But I have never ordered anything that wowed me. Even the salsa is mediocre. However apparently no one minds because there is always a massive way!!
5	Great food! One of my favorite places in charlotte. Price is acceptable. It's in the Hippie part of town, but it's a nice "Friday after work chill spot". Love it!
4	Love this place! Have tried most everything on the menu and everything has been delicious.
4	BBQ Mahi Tacos are the way to go!!!!! I got mahi two ways- one BBQ, one blackened. The BBQ was incredible!!!!!! I didn't love the pasta salad side.
5	OMG the tacos are slammin!! Mouth watering and wonderful service - this spot is tucked away in a cute artsy area too - great place and affordable!
4	After hearing everyone I run into rave about this place, I just had to check it out!Parking is tough. After driving around in circles for a while, we finally made it inside. The atmosphere was great for a Saturday night...had to wait a little while for a table so we sat at the bar and had some cokctails - I had the 3 amigos which was pretty good.Once we sat at our table (about 45 mins later) we started off with the guacamole - it could of used a little more salt, but hey, that's what salt shakers or for.I then had the carne asada tacos - steak was cooked and seasoned perfectly!My girlfriend had the Mahi Tacos and those were delicious! For side we black beans & rice as well as the avocado past salad, both very good.I can't wait to go back try a bunch of other menu items that caught my eye!
5	I don't love the corn salsa, but one can get past that with a little guacamole to accompany the thick, yummy tortilla chips. Get the classic Mahi Mahi tacos or the BBQ Mahi Mahi and you'll be fish taco heaven.
2	After seeing this on The Food Network, I was super excited to try it. It was not great! I had the Mahi Mahi tacos both BBQ and blackened. Too much seasoning and salty. The crab and shrimp dip appetizers were ok, they tasted like a sour cream and onion potato chip. Service was awesome! But I will not be back:(
4	The food tastes amazing!  Never had a thing on the menu that I didn't enjoy.  Lemon grilled shrimp tacos are a favorite!
1	this is the whitest restaurant i have ever eaten at in my life. first off the salsa is a essentially a can of corn with half a tomato on top. same with the rice and beans i ordered as a side. white rice with no flavor and what taste like store brand black beans straight from the can dumped on top. nothing had any flavor including the decor and the underenthusiastic waitress and the bland local art on the walls. i dont care if it is by a local artist its still a gosh darn painting of bob marley.
5	Like pretty much everyone else who has rated this place I'd be stating the obvious when I say that the tacos here are amazing.  This is a restaurant that I take my friends when they come from out of town.  Staff has always been very nice and helpful.
3	Cabo fish taco has pretty good food, with a fairly unique and satisfying menu. A decent selection of drinks that aren't going to blow you out of the water (price wise) and are clearly segmented into tequila qualities etc.But really, truly, and honestly, the noise level at this place is OUT OF CONTROL. There's no other way to put it. You can be at a 2 person table and not hear a single word your date it saying. I can't even imagine what  a 6 person table is like.Service was fast and very friendly. I have no idea how our server even heard me over the roaring but our orders came out fresh and correct.The food's a 4, maybe a 4.25, but the experience is a 2 at best. I don't go to a restaurant to sit in silence because conversation is totally futile. The place seems popular enough but how people get past the maximum volume jimmy buffet + atrocious acoustics I will never understand.
5	We swung by yesterday (for lunch). Had a great server named Casey. Super fast, funny and quick with the refills. The food was so great. We left happy and full.
5	The food was just excellent and the service was great.  If I had one thing negative... The food came out so fast I had just started on my first beer.  Local beer as well.  I will be back soon!
5	One of my favorite spots in Charlotte. You can't beat the blackened mahi tacos.
5	YES YES!  Do wish they brought back the jalapeno mashed potatoes! But every time they rock my world with the goto FISH TACO!!!!!
5	Stopped in while visiting Charlotte. I live near Tampa and I've never had fish tacos as good as the BBQ Mahi Tacos. Just insane. They give you the option of corn or flour tortillas, I had the flour. The tortillas were slightly grilled or fried - they were in between soft and crunchy and they were fantastic. 2 tacos for about $11, but trust me, they are huge and filling. I can't recommend these tacos enough, and Cabo Fish Taco is on my must visit list from now on when I'm in Charlotte.
5	Carne asata wrap and a small pasta salad waiter was awesome and the food rocked!!!! Def would come back!!!
4	Most creative taco place! I ordered the BBQ mahi tacos and they were AMAZING! Super flavorful, fresh tortilla was perfectly crispy and they had a good texture from the slaw. Definitely a hipster vibe/setting, portion size was good for the price. Queso was delicious as well! Only downside...I wish the chips were a little hotter and I wasn't a huge fan of their corn salsa it was more of a pico but overall great place!
1	First round of chips came by and they were stale asked the waitress for fresh chips she came back with two other baskets and they were worse. She said they fry them up every shift and in my mind it might have been last weeks shift. As an appetizer I ordered the queso and I should have gone to food lion for that one. It was a busy place and I wish everyone complained but my guess is people like stale chips or they just don't care.
3	Visited Charlotte for a weekend and was recommended to this place a couple different times. Amidst a really fun and hip neighborhood is this towering cantina. It's like a portal to a seafood shack somewhere in a beach town. Once seated, you are greeted with chips and what I think is homemade salsa. It was great! Definitely a different take from your typical restaurant salsa that is runny. But, I didn't come here for salsa. I came for the fish tacos - they did not disappoint. I had both the battered shrimp and fish, both were so delicious. I ended up asking for lime to complement the tacos, which was definitely the right decision.I would definitely visit this joint again, it was a great spot in a really fun neighborhood.
5	Came here for lunch and Brittany said to try  the sushi tuna tartar taco. OMG!!!  Easily the best fish taco I have ever had. Pleas add this to the regular menu.
5	I moved to the Charlotte area about a year ago, and in that time frame, have eaten at Cabo Fish Taco approximately 5 times.  I originally wanted to eat here because of watching it on Triple D, and it has certainly proven to be worth the hype.  I am quite shocked at the number of mediocre to negative reviews on YELP for this restaurant (by my count it currently stands at 40% of reviews being 3 star or below).This is, by far, one of the best restaurants I have ever been to in my life.  The BBQ Mahi and Tavura Tuna Tacos are incredible and delicious.  The Baha Shrimp dip appetizer is amazing as well.  As far as sides go, they are all good, but the Avocado Pasta Salad is the best.  I've also had the Steak-n-Cheese taco and one of the special fish tacos.  They were good also, but the real stars of this restaurant are the two tacos I mentioned above.The wait can be bad on weekends but they use an app called NoWait that will allow you to track your wait status on your phone.  This is great compared to the normal method of buzzers because you can go wherever you want during the wait period and just track the updates on your phone.  You will get a text message when your table is ready.  Since NoDA is full of great restaurants and bars, you are able to go have a drink somewhere else while you wait for your table, then quickly walk back once you get the text that your table is ready.The atmosphere is very chill with a Latin vibe, usually there is some reggae music in the background.  The ONLY thing this place is missing is live music, which I have not seen in my trips thus far.  I think that would really put this place into the upper echelen of chill/hang out places, but still, this is definitely a 5 star place to me.  Don't really get all the negative reviews but as they say "haters gonna hate."
5	I've been here before.. several times in fact, and the food has always been.. Ok.  Don't misunderstand, I read the other yelp reviews, I've seen that people love Cabo Fish Taco and I WANTED to love this place, I just didn't think it was anything special, passable sure, maybe even "good" but certainly not worth the 30 minute drive, it was just nothing special.Until today.We had a rare lunch w/o kids so were up for something a lil different.  Decided to try Jack Beagles as I'd heard good things but had never been.  As we pulled up we saw Cabo just next door and thought.. Better the devil you know, right?  So Cabo was the answer.Got talking to our waiter (also the bartender as our table was next to the bar) and I mentioned that as much as I'd wanted to love Cabo, so far I'd been greatly underwhelmed and I asked for suggestions.  Immediately he suggested the Tavarua Tuna tacos.. And I regretted asking lol.  See, I don't do meat/fish with fruit.  Of any kind, ever.  I greatly dislike sweet and sour food combos, I don't like sweet elements in a savory dish.  Tavarua Taco has all of these elements - blackened, lemon rubbed wahoo (blackened=strike 1 for me) in a kiwi-pineapple marinade (strike 2) with a honey-wasabi sauce (definite strike 3 for me).Grudgingly I ordered a Tavarua Taco along with my Carne Asada taco figuring at least I knew the steak would be ok as I've had it in the past.In a word, WOW.  I started with the Tavarua Tuna and honestly, I'm not sure I've ever eaten anything tastier.  WOW.  I now know fully why people RAVE about this place.. If you've been unimpressed, I promise you're ordering wrong!  The GM came past our table to ask how we were enjoying our meal and I told him how..bland our past experiences were (I've always had either the carne Asada tacos or the beer battered fish tacos - and he agreed with me that it is fairly easy to get a better beer battered fish taco elsewhere, but that's not what they're about and often people are disappointed thinking the fried fish taco is a "signature" dish, when the reality is the fresh grilled fish and all the clean flavors are the star of the show.Genuinely, I could eat there everyday - the Tuna was SO good that the Carne Asada taco afterwards felt like punishment, and I ended up leaving it and the side (spicy avocado pasta salad - tasty!) in favor of ordering and having the room to eat a second Tavarua taco.  Unbelievable yum.We will be back.  We will be back often.  I will be getting the Tavarua tacos, you can bet on it :)
5	YUM! If you like good flavor, and fish tacos, this is a must visit in Charlotte! Had the coconut marinated scallops and plantain taco, jerk-grilled shark, tuna taco and avocado pasta! So good! Love the place and the service!
5	Absolutely excellent!!! The service was friendly and very informative. The food was delicious and very large portions!!! Great prices. I will be back the next time we are back in the area.
3	The restaurant decor was cool, our server was very friendly , food was just ok. This place has been built up and talked about so much in this area that we decided to stop on our way through town. My tofu tacos we ok, slightly bland, the refried beans were good. My boyfriend had the Serrano chicken tacos, he said the flavor was also kindof bland and the chicken was dry, his avocado pasta salad was awesome. Maybe because of all the hype surrounding this restaurant we had our hopes too high. We probably won't be back.
5	Goodness Gracious!!!! let me tell you what! This place is de frickin licious! I had the bbq mahi mahi and the tuna the Tavarue one with the honey wasabi sauce that I'm pretty sure could make a shit sandwich taste good! I can't wait to go back! The service was excellent as well! Sunday at 11 with no wait and food within 10 minutes! Make a bulldog break his chain bo!
4	I've only been once - but had to have the experience, everyone was ranting and raving about! Went during a football game, which worked out fairly well because they had many TV's and not a lot of people were at the restaurant to watch the game.
3	I was sooo excited to try this place after hearing all of the hype! Not what I thought it was going to be... Food is alright, nothing to write home about. I had the fried whitefish taco which was decent, but I've had much better. The margs were off though... Didn't even taste like a margarita to be honest and nobody at my table even finished half of theirs. I think there are much better Mexican places in the area.
5	This has quickly become a go-to restaurant for us and especially to bring out of town guests.  Service is great, food is great, beer selection is good.  It seems to ALWAYS be crowded, and with good reason, so plan ahead especially on Weekends.
4	I genuinely love coming here every time I can make it to Charlotte.The restaurant is nestled squarely in an eclectic and laid-back arts district on the outskirts of Charlotte proper.Their beer selection is always one of the best in the area and they always feature local and NC breweries. No-Da and Birdsong brewing are just a few blocks away from Cabo. Their menu selections area always packed with a wide variety of fish tacos, burritos and their new tortilla cornucopia bowl. Some excellent flavor combinations that will appease your fish taco cravings. The staff is always pleasant to talk with and the bartenders very knowledgeable about the beer selections on tap. Don't skip this place if you're on the East side of Charlotte.
5	My favorite taco place in Charlotte. Love the margaritas and the appetizer roll with the crab meat (can't remember the name). BBQ mahi, ahi tuna, and the serrano chicken are some of my go-to tacos. If it's in season get the jalapeno mashed potatos (can they please start having this year-round!?!?). Usually a bit of a wait but it is well worth it!
5	Amazing!!!! I don't usually give five stars but this place was a fresh breath of air.  From the hostess to the waitstaff and manager, we were taken care of for our entire lunch. Best tacos I have ever eaten.... BBQ Mahi Mahi!!!!
5	Visited Cabo Sunday at 1:00 PM. Place was packed to the gills. Got seated (party of 7) in less than 7 minutes. Service was incredible, food was expertly prepared and beautifully presented and we were served faster than McDonalds. I was amazed at their organization which flowed gracefully our entire visit. Our waiter never let our glasses get low but didn't hover. He was very kind to our 2children and treated everyone with upmost respect. I would give Cano 7 of 5 stars if I could. This was many of our parties first visit but you can be sure we will return every chance we get. Their creative,relaxing, decor and attention to detail is a true gift to NoDa and great reason to visit this part of Charlotte. I can't wait to visit other businesses in this part of town. CUDOS
4	Quite possibly the best fish tacos I have ever tasted....2nd only to Torchy's Tacos in TX.  The flavor was outstanding (I had one salmon taco and one tuna) and the fish was grilled to perfection.  My only complaint was that when we got our food it was lukewarm...not hot at all.  Also, I ordered the coleslaw and it was slightly flavorless.
4	Love this place! Get the lime shrimp tacos...amazing!! Don't forget a house margarita. Casual fun atmosphere, friendly staff and great food!
4	There is always an hour + wait but its delicious. Don't order the tuna taco unless you're a big fan of wasabi (cream sauce served over top). I recommend putting your name on the list and going across the street for a beer at Growlers.
5	Good food, good vibe,  pretty girls :)Visiting from PA and I have to say, next time I'm here I'm definitely coming here
3	Great hang out place. There's a reason this place is always packed to the gills during mealtimes and weekends. Their food is good, their service is excellent, and it's just got an overall great vibe.I recommend the queso dip if you want your willpower tested. I'm not usually a fan of queso dips (*gluuurg* calories), but there was something about this one that just.... crack, it had to have been crack. It was crack queso dip.Cabo Fish Taco serves various forms of crack, skillfully folded into their food. My dining companion was quite taken with the honey wasabi sauce. It went into the Mahi Mahi fish taco she thoroughly enjoyed, and it went into the side of rice. She considered briefly drizzling it into her margarita before she finally resigned to just putting a small lid on the container (thoughtfully provided by our excellent server) and slipping it into her purse. I had the lemon-grilled shrimp on a corn tortilla (because flour is the devil, or at least my devil), and some sort of chickpea, tomato, and black bean concoction on the side. While the shrimp was tasty and the overall taco was a good blend, he white cilantro sauce (sour cream, yogurt, and cilantro) could *really* have used more, you know, cilantro.. or crack. I'd take crack. I could be biased because I'm a cilantro fiend. Hey, they're good for your kidneys. The salad-ish thing on the side could  have used a lot of something, anything. It was really tasteless. I really like all three of those ingredients normally, but put them together with nothing delicious (or crack-like) to, you know, rule them, find them, and in the darkness bind them... er what? It was just lackluster. Have I mentioned service was excellent? We came in on New Year's Day and was there ever a day where water was more needed? My glass was always refilled promptly, even as I was sucking down glass #3 or 5 or something.Definitely worth your while. I'll be back some day, Fish Taco.
3	The fried fish taco was good. I thought it would be better. The homemade salsa was OK. Very fresh though. The jalapeno marg was pretty good but not worth $9.The avocado pasta side was the best part. And I did like the tortilla.
5	Best fish tacos I've had east of Southern California.  Tuna tacos were awesome, and loved the light, flaky tortillas used to make the tacos.  Will definitely come back again.
3	"Fish," he said softly, aloud, "I'll stay with you until I am dead."He had plotted for months. The fish tacos of his youth had disappeared. The world had changed around him. But he had hope. "My big fish must be somewhere," he said. He came to hear of a fish taco purveyor, in a place called NoDa. The crowds were thick. The smells were intoxicating. He set out.With two sturdy shipmates, he entered. He ordered. The menu was promising. The beer was cheap.Then came the guacamole. It was strange. No chunks, little flavor. Could it be from a factory? The three grew worried.Finally, the tacos. Finally.But, alas, a disappointment. Yes, deep frying is good, but it isn't everything. The man needed more.So, his search continues. "Man is not made for defeat," he said. "A man can be destroyed but not defeated."
