4	Boy do I miss Primate Bros.  I remember going there when the packing district was coming alive at 3 and 4 a.m.  We were coming back from a night of being out 'n about with friends (this was in high school/college summers in the mid-70's).  We would order wild concoction in sandwiches with french fries IN them.  I liked the place so much I bought and wore proudly one of their T-shirts...but alas...left it with a native friend (she also liked it alot) in Koh Samui Thailand.
4	Pastrami and cole slaw and fries, oh my! I'd heard about all the hype and this place lived up to it.To have it all piled up into one sando is a midnighter's "raid the fridge" dream. A nice combo of pastrami & corned beef, a layer of good cole slaw and topped off with some golden fries makes for one tasty sandwich. Had it been after last call somewhere I'm sure a fried egg on top would have been thrown into the mix.Couple this with a 23 oz. beer for $2.50 and what more could you ask for. Actually only minus 1/2 star because of their chili, other than that, scarf up people.
4	JR H and I seemed to miss each other this weekend in Pitt. Always going to the same place yet not really.  Our little group, which inlcuded the parents(yeah i still get free food) went to the Market Square location. The location is nice. Market Square is a nice area. Brick inlaid street. Clsoe to 3 river point park and my hotel.This restaurant is something one must do when in town. It was also on Food Network, and man times reviewed here at Yelp. The food is pretty good. Where else can you get a "value meal" between to slices of bread. The sandwiches for those just learning. Your choice of meat with some nice itailian deli selections, kolbassi(haven't seen that  on a menu i around SF), or fish, below a nice bed of fresh made and not too dripping wet coleslaw. Fries with that? Heck yes and they sit right on top.  All on a Itialian sliced bread. The have a daily beer special 24oz beer for about  $2.50. Now this place and the food is fun. The food gets better tasting as the hours get late on a night out. Think how great a bacon wrapped dog is after "dancing" the night away. You know that fun 3 step dance. Raise beer, tip glass, put back down. The kind of food and place you want to head when you cheat on your diet, watch some footbal and chat up with the locals.The staff was very good. The food came quick. Best of all. It had no kick back later or the next day.
5	God I miss this place. Best sandwiches in the Burgh. If you are down near the Strip, you have got to swing by here. Get the pastrami or roast beef and do not ask for the slaw or fries on the side. It's all on there for a purpose and it is a gloriously messy sandwich.
5	Whenever I happen to be in Pittsburgh, I would come by to this great place for lunch.The sandwiches are HOT! Whether it is steak & cheese, or fish & cheese, or even hot sausages and cheese, man, it is ALL good. With literally a pile of tasty french fries and sauerkraut like cold slaw in the middle, the sandwich is huge, all for under $6. Add a local Yuengling beer (America's oldest and best brewery) if you like.If the sandwich is too much for you to handle, take a stroll at the tri-state park.The place is usually very busy at lunch time, with waitresses hustling around, wearing store T-shirt knotted around the waist, dashing in and out (since they do have outdoor tables). On the back of their T's, there is a vivid picture of the gigantic sandwich. When they turn around, you just cannot help notice their boobs too. I guess the sandwiches are as attractive as nice boobs :-)A drooling place. Period.
4	We made a trip to Pittsburgh a month back and a friend of mine insisted that we get a sandwich from Primanti's.  It was everything I'd hoped for.  I had a roast beef.  It was topped with slaw and fries and I threw a little hot sauce in there.Wash it down with an Iron City.
5	Hot Pastrami + cheese + tomatoes + onion + cole slaw + french fries on thick crusty bread = One TallBadAssGreasyMuthaFukinGood Sandwich... :D
5	Kosher Pigswich with Dickfries and Ballzslaw!!!Ladies and Gents, to comprehend what I am about to lay upon you I feel it's only right that I paint a picture of the womb from whence it came. Welcome to Da Burgh, Ahhrn City --An old east coast city in Southwestern Pennsylvania, situated on the hills and valleys carved out by the Allegheny, Ohio, and Monongahela.  It rains a good deal here.  The city was built by many Eastern Europeans, some Italian, and some German immigrants who worked their asses off in the steel mills years ago.  Currently, Pittsburgh is much less blue-collar, but it still maintains much of rough blue-collar charm.  People here are genuine, love their football, beer, cigarettes (Marlboros and Camels not Parliament Lights), and facial hair (usually unkempt ones with neck beardage or the cookie duster mustaches often popular with middle-aged men with last names ending in "ski".)Only out of a city such as Pittsburgh, could the Primanti Bros. Sandwich become a legendary food.A Primanti Bros. Sandwich starts with thick slice of homemade bread, then the usual suspects of meats, cheeses, french fries are put on top, and then sweet & sour slaw is slung on top of that, and finally a tomato, and another piece of thick homemade bread.  The entire creation is plopped down flimsy piece of cooking parchment and shoved across the counter your way.  It's a huge toppling sloppy mess.  The only way to fit the damn thing in your mug is too smash it down before you bite in.  Whatever your modus operandi for eating a Primanti, there just ain't a way to eat it with dignity and still eat it right.If you're having trouble visualizing this, check out their website. Besides their city menu has the #2 best seller indicated and yet oddly enough absolutely no mention whatsoever of the #1 or #3? primantibrothers.comThe true yinzer sandwich option that I recommend is the Kolbassi and Cheese.  The Kolbassi is split open and dropped into the fryer.  Yes, a deep fried sausage topped with cheese, fries, and slaw.  The grease just glistening from the singed flesh as it absorbs into the thick white bread (dignity is overrated anyway). Make sure yinz warsh it dahn wit ah cold ahhrn city, en'at.  (translation: Make sure you wash it down with a cold Iron City Beer and that.)Primanti Bros. is definitely not diet food, but most definitely a 100% genuine Pittsburgh food.  It is disgusting in all the right ways.I leave you with the apt lyrics of South Carey. "Where they don't pour steel, but the kids are real. But why do they all have beards (beers)? It's Pittsburgh, Go Steelers Pittsburgh."
4	Hey a sandwich with the fries and slaw inside served on a wax paper sheet and tasty (maybe a little bland, may have not chosen the best type) but would go back in a second.
2	Here's how you can make your own Primanti Bros Sandwich at home:Take two slices of Italian Bread, between them, mash together bland cole slaw, fries, some assorted meat, tomatoes. And at your fingertips is Pitt's pride and joy.  I'm not from here, so maybe I don't share the love. We weren't really drunk when we were eating here, and it was in the middle of the day. The service was pretty slow, but when our order was taken, the sandwich came out very fast.It was a good sandwich in terms of having really hot meat, and cold tomatoes and cole slaw, but I didn't think its as tasty as it could have been.I think the bread should be buttered and toasted/grilled texas toast, and they should use seasoned fries. Use some sweet North Carolina style Cole slaw. I came, I saw, and I conquered, but I'm giving it back. I probably won't be back ever again.
4	One night I was watching the Travel channel, they had a show called Top 10 Places to Pig Out.  Of course I paying attention and taking notes :)  When they mentioned Primanti's and Pittsburgh I was like Yes! I'm there!  I could not wait to get my hands on this giant sammich of all sammiches.  My only regret is that I couldn't get it with a Yeungling :( All the more reason to come back!  Ok, so I went here with my host and we decided to strategize.  I got the capicola ham with provolone and he got the steak and cheese.  We got two sammiches and two cokes for $16, what a deal! We were supposed to share but ended up downing our own sammiches. I forgot to ask if the coleslaw was sweet before I ordered so I was a little worried, not a fan of sweet coleslaw.  Luckily, it was great! Here's the nitty gritty.  The sandwich bread is two thick slices of soft, white italian bread.  They put at least half a pound of meat on it, plenty of cheese, tomatoes, and a fresh coleslaw (not the mayonaissey type that I was expecting).  It's more like a marinated shredded cabbage, the marinade is tangy and vinegary.  The piece de resistance is that the sandwich also contains a huge mound of fries right in the middle.  The fries taste fresh, reminiscent of boardwalk fries back in the day, only better.  At the table they had ketchup, mustard and apple cider vinegar!  Any one from MD would appreciate that ;-)  All I needed was Old Bay seasoning and it woulda been heaven.  Maybe next time I'll take that in my purse...ssshh! Needless to say I devoured this bad boy and desperately needed a nap afterwards.    I came. I saw. I ate.p.s. You can get it topped with a fried egg! I didn't see that on the menu until I was leaving! doh! next time!
4	I read about this place in the book titled "1000 Places to See or Do in the US" and decided to go here when I was at a conference in Pittsburgh. If you are into plates this is not the place for you. Wax paper, which actually is a good idea if you don't want to do dishes...which I could become a convert to wax paper any day now, is what your meal is served on. HUGE sandwiches...I MEAN HUMONGOUS. They put everything on. Fries, meat, slaw, all together between two pieces of bread. Definitely worth the experience for a non Pittsburgh person. Upside: Quick prep of food. If you want a semi fast food place where you sit down and actually take time to eat, you can order and eat and be out relatively quick. Prices are great! Downside: It was packed during lunch and my buddies and I were crammed in. If you have a disability it will be hard to maneuver during peak times.
2	I must admit that not being from Pittsburgh, I walked into this place with very different expectations for what a "cheesesteak" sandwich constituted. Having said that, while the inclusion of an enormous amount of fries and coleslaw on the sandwich was great, the tiny piece of beef "patty" that can only be described as something they use as a weight watchers/jenny craig portion leaves much to be desired. I honestly felt like I was eating some sort of vegetarian sandwich with a tiny piece of shriveled up beef patty lost somewhere in between the enormous slices of Italian bread.On the plus side, the Oakland location does have a pretty sweet deal for after 10pm, where a sandwich and drink was 3 or 4 bucks.
2	I was out of town in Pittsburgh, and I was told this was the place to go to get the PA experience.  The meal started off pretty well with $2 Yuenglings and amazing chili, cheese, sour cream and bacon fries.  However, things took a turn for the worse when the famous sandwiches came out.  Two of us had the turkey and one had the colossal fish.  I thought the turkey was slimy and tasted weird.  The fries added almost no flavor to the sandwich, and the cole slaw was gross.  The bread was terrible, and overall, the sandwich made me nauseous.  Totally not worth it, unless you just go for the fries and drinks.
5	My bf is a Pittsburgh native.  I remember the first time we had Primanti's from Lucky's in Chicago.  I served everyone their Primanti's in my living room, dodging the Terrible Towels as the Steeler's game pushed on... and I stared at mine, wondering how the heck people can possibly eat this heaping, gross, mass of meat, slaw and fries.  I took mine apart and made a nice little buffet across 2 plates and ate it that way.  THEN I took my first trip to Pittsburgh, took a chance on the real deal... and boy oh boy did I become a Primanti's lover!  Everytime we go to Pittsburgh, we hit Primanti's for lunch.  We have to!!  I never want to start a trip to Pgh out without hitting Primanti's... pronto!  =)  Primanti's is a great little spot to grab lunch, dinner, and even a mid-day snack.  I love the fact that this place is always jammed full of people.  Their food is well worth the wait and the effort it takes to tackle a table before someone else does.  The murals on the wall never get old, and it's great for one person or the whole family.  I can't wait to go next week for the start of my holiday season!
4	i've always been and always will be a big fan and follower of lineage, tradition, and history.  primanti is living tradition and history.  no matter what, when in the burgh, you gotta have a primanti sandwich.every town makes there own sandwich differently, their own hotdog differently, their own hamburger differently, their own barbeque, and their own pizza differently.  primanti is known for its pile of meat, stacked with coleslaw and fries on top, sandwiched between two pieces of italian bread.these sandwiches are HUGE.  honestly i can't eat more than half of one because they are so filling.  this is a great place to satisfy your munchies.  its a great place to come after you've finished your shopping in the strip.
3	I wanted "authentic Pittsburgh food" so I was taken here.  I have been spoiled by non-smoking restaurants for most of my life, so when I was taken to a Primanti-smoking-location and had to eat ASH with my food...I was already an unhappy camper.The sandwiches were a novel idea adding both coleslaw and fries.  This reminded me of a Brazilian hot-dog.  Nevertheless, the Hot Sausage and Cheese sandwich I ordered was netiher hot nor spicy.  The fries were average but the coleslaw  in the sandwich was crunchy and delicious.  If the meat was more tasty, I'm sure I would've given Primanti 4 stars.
5	The sandwiches here are massive.  Whatever you order winds up between two pieces of bread which seems both wrong and logical.  Regardless it is a mighty fine sandwich.  I wish I could get one right now...
5	This place is lengendary so naturally as a tourist - I had to go. I can sum it up in one word YUM!! Staff was friendly as we sat at the bar and watched the cook in action. I have never had a sandwich quite like that with a coleslaw like substance and fries on it, but I'd gladly eat it again. Lively fun place with people to match. Great for a quick casual bite.
4	Dude. A meal on Mancini Bros. bread. Not much to say, except I'll have to book more trips to Pittsburgh to eat here again! Definitely a good way to gear up for or finish a night of drinking. The cooks were hilarious and only added to the post debauchery atmosphere. The fries and slaw on the sandwich are something I will absolutely have again. Go. Do it. If you can.
4	I was a little skeptical at first because I hate cole slaw. But, I was told this is a must in Pittsburghian culture and so I braved it. YUM! These are some great sandwiches. I should have known to trust anyone who puts fries in between bread. Easy to eat meal for sure. The sandwiches are huge, so you could split it with a friend, if you have the same taste buds. Now, if only they had one of these in Chicago.I'll be back if I'm ever in Pittsburgh again.
4	A Pittsburgh classic :) I can't say it's my favorite food, but you must try it, having coleslaw and fries in the sandwich!
5	If ewe don like Primanti's, yer a jag-off.As much a Pittsburgh institution as the Stillers, Irn City, and Sophie Masloff.  Much like referring to Kleenex, to native yinzers, you just go and get a Primanti's.  No need for any further descriptives.  The secret to the sandwich is the bread: thickly sliced Mancini's bread.  Rumor has it that Primanti's opened a location in Florida.  It didn't do very well because they weren't able to get the Mancini's.  There you go.  My favorite version of the Primanti's is the steak and cheese.  It's a beef patty and cheese (not sliced beef as in a cheese steak).  This is the only thing I will eat tabasco on.  Fresh, thick cut fries and mild vinegar based cole slaw.  Piled up perfection.Only visit the Strip District location for the full effect.  The other locations pale in comparison.
2	Primanti's sandwiches pretty much sum up Pittsburgh in many ways:  big, over-the-top, tasteless, and unhealthy.  What more could you ask for? Unfortunately, this place is pretty dirty.  Make sure no flies land on your food.It seems like Pittsburgh natives love this place, which is fine.  Its food certainly is unique.  However, if you're not from Pittsburgh, there's a good chance you'll walk away with a rather bland taste in your mouth.By the way, do not pronounce the "t" in Primanti.  It really irks native Pittsburghers.  It's pronounced "Primanny."  Unfortunately, I learned this the hard way.
5	As a visitor to Pittsburgh, I certainly can't claim to understand the nuances of the local culture.  But Primanti Bros., aside from being at the top of everyone's recommendation list for places to eat, just oozes personality, and to boot, it's a fun place to just chill and get a damn good meal.The whole french-fries-and-coleslaw-stuffed-into-a-sandwich thing would only be gimmicky if it weren't freakin' delicious.  It's impossible to look cute and shove one of these things into your mouth at the same time... although perhaps that's the idea.Now I just have to try all the locations and figure out which one is the best of the best.
4	I had to go on my first trip to Pittsburgh after seeing it on the FoodNetwork. The employee recommended the corned beef. I got it to-go so I can eat out in Market Square since it was such a great day. I learned that by getting it to-go, they wrapped the sammich so tight that it flattened the bread to nothingness (see picture I posted). I was expecting a mayo based coleslaw, but it's vinegar based (which was better and better for you). Like others have said, the meat quantity is so small that it's a sidekick to the coleslaw and fries. I really liked the overall flavor. I just wished the meat, slaw, and fries were more in proportion to one another. (again, see picture). Having lived in NY/NJ, I'm used to the deli sandwiches where it's nothing but meat with two slices of bread. Nonetheless, I really enjoyed this piece of local PIT culture and that's what counts. For $6-8, you can't beat it when you're in Pittsburgh, esp. when y'uns warsh it down wit some Yeungling Ale.
5	Having heard from a co-worker originally from Pittsburgh to try PB and the fact that I am a french fry fanatic (see "Last Meal on Earth" on profile), I had to make a this a first priority when visiting Pittsburgh for my business trip.  The friend that I was meeting for dinner had no objections to eating at PB.  This location is a no frills sports bar - plasma screen TVs on the wall, beers on tap, crinkly paper menus, and seat your own self kind of place.  I ordered the Pitts-Burgher Cheese Steak sandwich ($5.99 and #2 bestseller).  It consisted of a thin burger patty, cheese, coleslaw, tomato, a thick layer of french fries all in between 2 big slices of soft french bread.  The sandwich came out on just the wrapper - no plates.  I was unsure of how to eat this sandwich that was considerably bigger than my mouth but I finished both halves in one sitting.  My friend was quite impressed by my gluttony especially for a petite person.  I highly recommend this sandwich for the portion, taste, and price.  My friend ordered and swears by the Ragin Cajun chicken breast sandwich.  According to him, it's not too spicy.  He also ordered a beer from the tap served in the biggest beer glasses I've ever seen.  If you're visiting Pittsburgh, I would suggest that you too, make PB a priority.
4	I was in Pittsburgh for the 4th of July weekend to check out their fireworks and I visited the Market Sq. location on the 4th, place wasn't really packed when I arrived. I needed to feed myself, my wife and my two kids. I ordered a hot sausage and cheese for myself, a black angus top sirlion and cheese for the wife and split a order of 6 chicken fingers for the kids (it comes with fries, what a deal!). After I placed my order I waited by the bar and unfortunately it was when the death of Steve Mcnair started to air :-(. The bar quickly filled up after I placed my order. The sandwiches took a little while to prepare and not as quick as I've heard they are. I got my order and in my usual fashion I checked it. No chicken finger and fries....bummer. I go back to the cashier/bartender/cook and asked her for my order who asks the cook where it is and he shrugs like "I dunno" so , she grabs some new chicken fingers and tosses them into the fryer so now I have to wait even longer for my food. I was planning to take it to go and eat at my hotel because there was no free parking out front. My hotel is by the airport so I wanted the sandwiches to be fresh as possible so that I can get the full experience. The chicken fingers took even longer to prepare so I am waiting and hoping my food doesn't get cold. Finally, after awhile watching the news my order is ready and I dash out and drive back to my hotel. First let me say the kids INHALED the chicken fingers like I never seen them do before and they have tried chicken fingers everywhere. The fries they didn't care for so much. I ate half my sandwich which was no longer hot and it wasn't bad, my wife didn't really care for hers since the amount of steak was skimpy. We would definitely try Primanti's again just not the ones we got this time and we will eat them at the location so that they are fresh as another complaint my wife had was the ingredients didn't seem fresh. I can cross Primanti's off my list of things to do in the da 'burgh. Now if I can only get over my fear of heights and ride those inclines.
1	The food was just OK. Soggy french fries on a greasy cheese steak pattie.  The service was awful, noise, and not helpful for a newcomer to Primantis and Pittsburgh.
3	don't come here if you are looking to have a light meal. they stuff every sandwich full of slaw, french fries and other condiments. this place is a staple in the area so i knew that i should visit the location. they have a special pburger sandwich which i guess is their most popular sandwich. they have cheap beer also. depending on what time you go here the surrounding area is either dead or filled with a lunchtime crowd. i suggest going during the day when there are more people around. at night time some shady people come out.
4	Update.  Went to a different location.  Non-smoking location.  Got pastrami this time instead of the bland sausage.  Added a fried egg to the sandwich as well.  I forgot how huge this thing was.  I could only eat half.  I am now a fan of Primanti's.
4	Stopped in here while passing through Pittsburgh without knowing anything about the city or this establishment. Like gnats, we were attracted to Primati because their neon sign was... pretty.... soooooo pretty!Anyway, stopped in here and order the Pittsburgh cheesesteak which was quite tasty. We also got the Cajun chicken sandwich with cheese... because everything there comes with cheese. Everything. Need salt? Even that has cheese on it. It's kinda awesome.Anyway, both sandwiches were quite tasty and with the fries on top... yummy.  Would definitely come back here next time I'm coming through Pittsburgh, hopefully for longer than a few hours.
1	We ate at Primanti Bros based on the reviews on Yelp, hoping to get a real taste of Pittsburgh. What I ordered was a sandwich labeled Pittsburgher Cheese Steak. What I got was an inedible slab of overcooked mystery meat, cole slaw, and mediocre fries, on white bread. The sandwich was very small, but I only ate 1/2 of it anyway, and I have a pretty big appetite. I recently ate a 20 oz cheeseburger at a local burger joint.I was truly shocked. That was the worst meat that I have seen since Junior High School. We would have been much better off at Burger King. Luckily we had a nice lunch at Salim's to wash the taste of this junk of our mouths.
1	Worst sandwich on Earth.I'd rather eat a dead whore.Please...never come here.
2	Primanti Bros is basically the heart of all yinzers in Pittsburgh. However, I have to take primanti bros in doses. Their big ass sandwiches make me feel like I dont need to eat the rest of the week. Sometimes I love it for that and sometimes I hate it. Either way its a nice place to sit back, relax, and enjoy a nice cold beer with my friends.  My only complaint about this particular primanti bros in market square is the people that it generates. Anywhere from hookers to crackheads. I have been in there several times and atleast 4 or 5 times I watched someone get kicked out for doing something illegal. My advice is, if you can, go to this primantis during the day for lunch dont go at night. If you can go to the one in the strip district or southside on 17th street.
5	While the Downtown location doesn't have the extensive menu that the suburban locations have, any Primanti Brothers location will fill u up with one of the most unique sandwiches in the nation. Highly recommend the new Black Angus sandwich over the traditional "No 2 Best Seller" ... or go with Capicola and Egg. Both delicious!
1	oh primanti's, you always disappoint! how can so much food bear so little taste? despite a brilliant premise (put all your edibles in the sandwich, leave your other hand free for the potables) the execution leaves much to be desired.1. these guys can never seem to cook their fries properly. they are always greasy on the outside, raw and mealy on the inside. don't think that just because they're INSIDE the sandwich doesn't mean you can get away with crappy fries.2. the bread. what the heck dudes? if you're going to put 3 lbs of ingredients in the sandwich, try to use a bread that doesn't immediately turn into insipid play-doh in your hands.I like disgusting junk food as much as anyone (see my rave review of the O), but I wish the primanti's goons would put a little bit more effort into their sandwiches. seriously guys -- take some pride in your work and make something good for once. and check the thermostat on your fryolator already!
5	I am from Pittsburgh and this is just the burgh wrapped in wax paper.  It is always delish and something you need to do when you visit the town.  John Stewart, Obama, and Gore all go there when in town plus many many more.
4	This is my second dance with Primanti's.  The first was at the Pitt location, which has a better atmosphere in my humble opinion.  I had the #2 most requested sandwich, Cheesesteak.  I asked the waitress what was the most requested item and she said, "You're drinking it honey." pointing to my Iron City pint.  Which was $2.95 by the way.  God bless the Burgh.  So the sandwich is as I remember.  Huge, but if you squeeze you can get your mouth around it.  I realized my second time around that there's a reason they can keep prices low.  There's not a whole lot of meat in the sandwich.  It's dwarfed by the coleslaw and the fries.  I'd also pass on the cheesesteak next time.  It was a square beef patty which didn't seem right and there wasn't a lot of flavor.  Would get pastrami next time for sure.  So the sandwich and decor of this location would rate 3 stars, but the concept of a restaurant that serves you an oversized sandwich with coleslaw and fries on it for  around 5 bucks rates 5, so it equals out to 4.  This sandwich and chain are one of the reasons I love the Burgh so much.
4	well you gotta give this place a star for its originality. coleslow and fries in your sandwich.. sound good? its actually pretty intresting. the coleslaw isn't creamy its a big vinegry, so it doesn't soak ur sandwich. fries are good too, if eat them fast enough. i had the pastrami sandwich.......dude... YUM! its super good. the steak wasnt' so great though, i shouldn't have traded half my sandwich. its one of the better sandwiches i can remember eating. the place is packed though, and there was a steelers game going on, ive never seen so many steelers fans before. crazy. but this place is good, its cheap, and you get a crazy lot amount. eat here!
5	One of the best places to eat in the Steel City. A real classic. Home of the stuffed sandwich often imitated but never duplicated.  I wish they had one in Chicago.
5	Salami and cheese is so amazing. Best food in the city!
4	I was in pittsburgh for a week and thinking like true pittsburghers we thought we'd come here for a late night snack and what a snack it was definately a tasty sandwich different from what i've had .  the place itself wasn't much it kind of looked like an old bar but that's ok anyway it was pretty cheap you should go I could go for a sandwich right now actually yum!
4	This place seems to be a Pittsburgh institution, so of course when I was there on business last week I went.Atmosphere: Nothing special, and yet special all the same. There's a big aluminum bar running almost the entire length of the restaurant. The waiters were almost all men and just no-nonsense kind of people.  Food: Well, it's been explained enough here already but: it's a sandwich ... with fries and coleslaw on top!! Never seen anything like this before. Again, as mentioned, the slaw is NOT mayo-ey which is great for me (I hate mayo) The prices are great, I believe my sandwich was $5.99. I also got a 23oz yuengling for $3. To be completely honest, the food is not especially great, but its the novelty and uniqueness that makes me give it such a high rating. Don't get me wrong, it's a good sandwich, but just pretty standard.**On the menu, the cheesesteak says #2 most requested, so when our waiter came over I asked what the number one most requested was, and he said "beer". I know its a line, but still so funny.  DEFINITELY visit Primantis if you're in Pittsburgh!
2	I'm gonna get slaughtered for giving this place a bad review, but whatever. I was told by several people that I absolutely HAD to check out Primanti Bros while I was in Pittsburgh. I was excited about visiting this institution during my stay... but it really didn't deliver for me. Yes, this was a huge sandwich with fries and cole slaw in it, but the sheer quantity of food didn't make up for the fact that it was really bland. Maybe I just got the wrong thing (the Pittsburger Cheese Steak - which is somehow their #2 seller...?). My friend liked her sandwich, which was eggs and bacon, I believe. Maybe we just went to the wrong Primanti Bros location. I would give this place another shot if I'm ever in town again, but my first impression wasn't a great one.
5	Bf and I were in Pittsburgh for a day before we had to fly back to NYC. I yelped some good places to eat.. and found Primanti.I ordered the corned beef and cheese sandwich and the bf ordered the roast beef and cheese sandwich. It comes with cole slaw, tomatoes and fries in the sandwich! It is THE most IMPOSSIBLE sandwich to eat but it was damn good!! I was glad that we decided to choose Primanti for lunch. Plus knowing that Anthony Bourdain had tried it, it makes it more well worth trying!If I ever happen to be in Pittsburgh again, I'd definitely try the cheesesteak or the Capicola sandwich. OOH or the ragin cajun chicken sandwich.. MMMM....
4	Primanti Bros. is a traditional Pittsburgh meal.  It consists of a sandwich that is stacked high with fries and coleslaw, and its pretty cheap as well.  If your in pittsburgh, or your looking for a cheap place to eat, then you should check it out.  The taste is very unique, and I love the huge sandwiches.
5	according to my husband, these sandwiches make driving to pittsburgh "worth it". you have your choice of meats (steak, pastrami, etc.) topped with coleslaw and fries- DELICIOUS. we usually go to the suburban one (monroeville) and the restaurant there is more spacious and cleaner (with lots of televisions for sports fans). there are also more choices on the menu (delicious wings btw). but when we ate at the market square one over the weekend (surprisingly packed considering that it was 2pm on saturday and with all the construction), the sandwiches seemed to taste better there for some reason. i ordered the corned beef one and hubs ordered capicola (with egg).  i know people have eaten there and thought that the sandwiches were just ok (so i shouldn't hype it up). it's possible that my taste buds are just being biased and sentimental because it's a pittsburgh thing. but the fact that my husband who's not from pittsburgh loves it should definitely say a lot.
4	I went here a couple of years ago and wasn't wowed by the sandwich. I think I was more taken back by the sweet slaw and french fries my sandwich than the bread or large portion of meat. Now that I'll be back in Pitt tomorrow I'm looking forward to trying another sandwich. I guess the sandwiches are pretty good now that I remember.
3	I wont bore people with a long review on this already well known place. If your in the Pittsburgh area you'd be a fool not to stop in at one of the Primanti Bros. locations and try one of there amazing sandwiches.  My favorite is either the Pastrami and cheese or the hot sausage sandwich but everything here is good. I live in boston and am used to paying twice as much for sandwiches which are no where near as good in quality and size.
1	GROSS!!! Many people told me to go here and I was totally disappointed! It was bland, the coleslaw was too tangy (and only contained cabbage) and the meat was scary! Good thing it's super cheap. Do NOT get the cheese-steak sandwich if you go even though it says #2 best seller, it's awful! Okay on to service... Everyone seemed like they hated their job. Someone at my table asked for no tomatoes and add onions and of course she got tomatoes and no onions.Maybe I ordered the wrong thing and maybe they were all just having a bad day... Who knows.
3	i was here for work and ordred the #2  The cheesesteak was nice and square and stuff.  Hmm not sure if that's a good thing?  The combination of coleslaw and fries plus that really nice thick spongy bread was pretty good.  I would actually say this would be more like a 4 star sandwich but I have a deep seeded hatred for the Steelers so yeah whatever.  I'd like to see a sandwich superbowl, Seattle vs Pittsburgh yeah!!!
3	Being in Pennsylvania, albeit not Philly, I searched Yelp this morning for a Cheesesteak near where I am staying.  Primanti Brothers came up at the top of the list.  I walked over to the shop and took a seat at the bar. Looking up at the menu I was a bit dissapointed to see no "cheesesteak" but they did have the Pitts-Burgher Steak (our #2 top seller).  I ordered, and the gentleman next to me said the sandwich was good, he was from Illinois and said that he had seen the place on Diners Drive Ins and Dives.  That amped up my expectations a bit.  The waitress who was friendly mentioned that the sandwich was a mess, but that was a good thing.  But speaking of messes, the grill and fryers were filthy, but then again what else should I expect.My sandwich arrived and it was an impressive quantity of food and utterly unique meal between bread.  There is a rectangular patty, provelone cheese, fries topped by slaw between two slices of italian bread.  The bread was great, but the rest of the sandwich was short on flavor.  The patty was just kinda a brown mass, and the fries and slaw topping the patty were just kinda there.  I found myself adding malt vinnegar to the slaw and eventually dipping in ketchup to add  some flavor.I got out for $10, tip included.  For good price, good quantity of food, and friendly staff I give this place 3 stars, but no more because the flavor isn't there
5	I found myself in Pittsburgh one Sunday morning while pursuing the baseball parks of America, and a little bit of preemptive research made it unavoidable to visit Pittsburgh and NOT have a Primanti Bros. sandwich.When I arrived into the city, I parked my car and made my way to Market Square location, where I was told that it was also where a few scenes of She's Out of My League was filmed, (which by the way, I enjoyed that movie since it so closely hit home to a dork like me), but upon arrival, I was mortified to see nothing but construction equipment and chain link fences.But anyway, I go into Primanti's, and I'm bombarded by Pittsburgh sports - this does not bother me, but the sheer magnitude was a bit unexpected.  The wall of Clemente, Steel Curtain photos, and my personal favorite, the shoe-string tackle of Nick Harper, which I find amusing to be considered one of the greatest plays in Pittsburgh sports apparently.  The rest of the establishment is clean and well-traveled appearing, and lots of high-def televisions satiates the sports-lover's attention whilst waiting on food.So being the tourist that I am, I don't really know what to get, so I ask the waitress of "what is THE food for a tourist like me?"  With a confident smirk, she simply says "pastrami," and I thank her for the suggestion, and I realize that it wasn't so much "a suggestion" as it was "the order," and five minutes later, this monstrosity on a baking sheet is presented to me.  Thin-sliced pastrami, cole slaw, tomato, and I think there was some cheese in there, but a fistful of fries as well - you guys know the drill.So in conclusion, great success.  I thought the pastrami sandwich was the stuff of legend, and just thinking about it has me kind of craving one again, even after lunch.  In fact, the best part of this particular trip to Pittsburgh was Primanti Bros., because my Braves ended up sending out the D-team, who naturally failed to beat a mediocre Pirates squad.  But the food was good, and that's what's the most important.
5	i love coming to pittsburgh solely for these sandwiches.  get a different one each time but they are to die for.  my new favorite is the capicola and egg.  i mean anything with fries and coleslaw on it can't be beat.  easily the best cole slaw i've ever had as well.
2	Alright, I heard about this chain on Man v. Food and we just had to try it out. And honestly, we were quite disappointed. The sandwich is tasteless unless you douse it with condiments or get a particularly flavorful filling. I got the cheese one and my boyfriend got the colossal fish (both vegetarians--its not so friendly for us...fail). Neither sandwich was impressive--in size or taste. I'm a 5"4' and 120lb girl and I finished mine no problem. Just incredibly bland. The bread tasted like cheap white bread, the fries were just incredibly greasy, the cole slaw was hardly cole slaw and more like wet cabbage. The cheese on mine was basically tasteless and my boyfriends fish was definitely from a box of something frozen. Very disappointing.
4	Was in Pittsburgh for a convention, and everyone I talked to said you have to go to Primanti Bros, so we did. Went there for lunch on a Tuesday afternoon and luckily it wasn't super crowded. The staff was semi-nice, not overly friendly and didn't seem to be too happy to be there. We ordered our sandwiches - I got the Rajun Cajun because I had a Philly Cheesesteak the day before and was trying to cut back on red meat. I kind of regretted it as the chicken was a bit dry. My coworkers had ordered  the pastrami and steak and made me wish I had. Not that the sandwich wasn't good - but red juicy meat would have been so much better.  The sandwich was massive - I got a huge piece of chicken breast with a crapload of coleslaw and fries on top.  My coworker did complain that he got very little pastrami meat on his.  Overall, a pretty good place - not sure if it lived up to the hype.  I hope to eventually go back and order the pastrami or steak.
4	I usually go to Primanti Brothers in the Strip District but this location is pretty similar, only with reduced operating hours. (Their Strip District location is open 24/7.) I like the sandwiches. It seems Pittsburgh is the only place where I can find sandwiches stuffed with fries and coleslaw. It's a copious amount of food for not a lot of money and Primanti compares favorably in value to most other restaurants in the Pittsburgh downtown area. Only problem I can see is the restroom is a bit dingy and down a flight of stairs, which may be difficult for those with disability.
3	The description of a Primanti Bros sandwich is tastier than the sandwich itself.  One of two dozen different meats topped with french fries and coleslaw;  I tried hot sausage.  The problem is that all that potato and cabbage mutes the flavor of the meat.  Expecting an extremely tasty sandwich, I found myself adding salt and ketchup.  Regardless of the sandwich not living up to expectations, I would go back if I lived in the area because it is a really pleasant place with draft beer and some outdoor seating.
1	Everyone knows that that if you go to Pittsburgh, you go to Primanti Bros. (My friends and I were in town for a Pirates/Phillies game, and the PNC Park Primanti Bros was packed the entire game.) We visited the Market Square location, and if you eat on the patio, it's a fun place to hang out and drink some Iron City beers.  I got the Black Angus Sandwich. It was quite large, cut in half, and brought on a piece of wax paper. As it turned out, I'm pretty sure the wax paper would have tasted better. It was really, really, not good. I did eat the first half, but the bread was so tasteless, I thought maybe it would be better if I ate the other half piece by piece. The coleslaw was OK, but the french fries were awful, and the little bit of actual meat had little taste. We had little to no contact with employees, but a cab driver told us about a young couple who dared to ask for a sandwich at another Primanti Bros without coleslaw, and were treated really rudely. Because you know, people being rude is hilarious. So I guess if you want an authentic Pittsburgh experience then go here. But if you want actual decent food, avoid at all costs
4	Primanti Bros is everything they're hyped up to be! I went to Pittsburgh to watch a Charger vs. Steeler game and before I could leave this great city of Pittsburgh, I had to try a Primanti Bros sandwich. When we got there, the line was long and we had to wait a little while to grab a couple seats up at the bar (where you can watch them make the sandwiches). It took an even longer time for the server to actually make eye contact with us and take our order. Hence, we didn't come here for the service. When we finally got our sandwiches and side order of french fries loaded with cheese on top we were in heaven. I ordered the corned beef and cheese and my boyfriend ordered the turkey breast and cheese. Neither one of us were complaining about what we ordered, we were stuffed after eating 1/2 the sandwich. The french fries with cheese on top were finger-licking good! If you're in Pittsburgh, Primanti Bros is a must!
4	Everyone that comes to Pittsburgh must try Primanti Bros at least once. I have been there multiple times but this is my first review of the place. The sandwich is something to see and eat especially after a night of drinking. The original location is definitely the best especially for the people watching aspect. I chose the sandwich with bacon and cheese and it was definitely consistent with the other times I have been there, but I will say this after you have gone once you will never need to go back unless its late and you need something to soak up the alcohol.
4	The good old Pittsburgh mentality of stuffing things and making it bigger until its good said a friend of mine. And yes. These guys do it quite well. Primanti's is THE place to go in the Burgh according to many and for good reason too. Any sandwich you get comes with coleslaw and fries with it. No not on the side. IN the sandwich. My personal favorite here is the cheese steak. With some of the hotsauce they have on their table. Very good experience in general.
3	A Pittsburgh tradition like no other. Unhealthy food served on wax paper... Gotta have it twice a year!
1	My family always wanted to try Primanti. What a huge disappointment at the Anchor drive one. The pizza was served with a mound of burnt ashes on the bottom. Not a little, but teaspoons of it, all over. The ovens are not cleaned. I ordered the fish sandwich which came out cold, a soppy mess from the oil on the bread and a chunk of coleslaw core inedible. My sons was no better. The waitress saw we had taken only one bite and asked if we wanted to take home. We both said 'no way.' She didn't flinch and didn't care. I don't care to ever go back and will tell friends to avoid. In Philly, they'd be out of business in a heartbeat. It is also a dirty, noisy unkempt premises.
4	There were French fries on my sandwich!This is my first time in PA, so I wasnt sure what to expect when we were sent to Market Square for "the greatest sandwich in the world!"The prices were dead on - about 6$ for a sandwich and 1.5$ for a tea.  I split a ham and cheese with my friend and we both left full.  I had the cole slaw (which was more like sauerkraut) and it was yummy.I am docking them a star because the service was less than desirable, even after the lunch rush ended.
5	We stopped here on our way to a comedy show.  We ordered the steak sandwich.  We had been drooling over this sandwich since the first time we saw an article written about it. I am happy to say this sandwich was everything we had expected! The sandwich was so big we had to share.   The slaw was better than I expected (I am very picky about my slaw) and the fresh cut fries made the sandwich perfect!
3	The fries and 'slaw piled into all of the sandwiches is a cool local niche, but I'd say the overall quality of the sandwiches are just average otherwise.
5	As good as advertised.  The sandwiches are big with quality cuts of meat.  I thought the slaw was delicious too adding a little vinegary tang to the fries.  Great atmosphere and friendly wait staff,
4	Oh so good and huge! Each sandwich is both tasty and large enough to feed two normal folks for lunch.At the suggestion of the server, I ordered the Kolbassi Sandwich. It came fast and was oh so good! Also free soda refills.Service was good mid afternoon on a weekday, and I enjoyed the whole experience watching the NFL Hall of Fame induction ceremony on the flatscreens while eating.
4	an efficient way to eat - meat, cheese, fries and slaw! all the food groups in one delicious huge bite.
3	I came to Primanti Brothers after my roommate said Pittsburgh was known for it.  I read several reviews and went with the pastrami sandwich.  It was good.  Just the right amount of meat (I hate it when the meat overpowers the entire sandwich), yummy vinegary cole slaw that made the sandwich refreshing, tomato, swiss, and of course french fries in the sandwich.  It was a good, ginormous sandwich just not as AMAZING as I thought it would be... If I come back to Pittsburgh I'd probably come back to try a different sandwich.
2	Okay, I'm a heretic. I'm prepared to be stoned by the fundamentalists.A native sent me here, an apparent Pittsburgh landmark. My wife and I are not cole slaw fans, so we ordered our hot sausage sandwich sans slaw.What I got was a very dry and tasteless sandwich. The fries were lifeless and the hot sausage was not not. The bread was devoid of texture and flavor.So, yeah, I didn't order it The Way It's Supposed To Be. Maybe if you're into cole slaw, this is the place to go, but if you don't, keep walking. Service was indifferent, at best.
2	My first time at Primanti Bros in Pittsburgh, PA.  I was not impressed with my sandwich there.  I've only been once so maybe I ordered the wrong thing but it just wasn't blowing my skirt up.I ordered the corned beef sandwich with the fries and slaw and it tasted a little bland to me.  It needed some sauce.  I think with some mustard this might have been great.  It was dry.  I did enjoy the cole slaw.The service was fast and the server we had was very friendly and attentive.
1	After sitting there and being ignored for 25 minutes we just left!
2	I'm with others here - not a lover of Primanti Bros.  Sandwiches are fine (I have ordered the turkey and cheese) but the service is horrible.  Rude, arrogant, and just nasty.  Plus when is the last time a broom has been taken to the floors?  (I'm reviewing the Monroeville one here).
4	This place lives up to the hype I'd say. A must see place in the Steel City!When people say to split a sandwich here they aren't joking. I split a roast beef and provolone with the cole slaw and fries (on the sandwich of course). The roast beef is thin cut and served hot almost like cheese steak meat with the provolone melted on top. They also add lettuce, tomato, vinegar based cole slaw (I hate mayo and liked this cole slaw since no mayo), and of course a ton on fries to the sandwich. The fries are actually pretty good on the sandwich but combine that with an Iron City beer (great beer) and their chili cheese fries (chili was good but they use "fake cheese" sauce which hardens in your stomach like a brick) and you'll have a great Pittsburgh meal that you won't even be able to finish before you get full. Where else but here can you get a sandwich like this for about the price of a Subway sub? I'd say you'll take 20 yrs off your life if you eat here more than once a month though!Oh and this being Pittsburgh they of course had the Pens game on every TV in the place. It's great if you're a Pens fan but good luck trying to catch any other sports on the TV!
2	Decided to try the place since I heard about it and is listed in things to do in Pittsburgh. This place is really connected to Pittsburgh itself and Conan even mentioned it in one of his shows as a place to eat at.Ordered the "2nd most popular" item which was the cheesesteak that was very, very plain. Nothing great about the patty. The thing was HUGE and stacked with fries and coleslaw which I found didn't work well (although there are others out there that do it with success!)You can't deviate and ask for it without the coleslaw either and their menu stated it as "All of our sandwiches come with..."The portions are huge, one order can feed 2 average appetites.  The fries were the only upside of this place.The service here is horrible.. there was 2 people running the place and our tables werent clean and it takes forever.. I don't blame it on the servers but whoever manages the place.I don't think I will ever go back again.
2	When I told people I was going to Pittsburgh, everyone recommended Primanti Bros. I went and was underwhelmed. It was a big sandwich, but the flavour was not amazing. I also ordered a bowl of chili which was too spicy for me. As a Chicago native, I feel it's the equivalent of people recommending Giordano's or Portillo's. They're not exactly the greatest places in town, but they're well-known and popular for one reason or another. Do it just to say you did.I don't like coleslaw.
4	Primanti Bros. Lives up to the hype!  Loved the Cap & egg sandwich! I'm not a fan of regular coleslaw, but enjoyed the texture and flavor of Primanti's!A must when visiting PGH.
5	I am still trying to figure out how to transport a few sandwiches back on the plane.....There is just something about Pittsburgh and their traditional comfort food!  I have addicted my husband.
3	Nothing remarkable, but it's a fun concept and a Pittsburgh tradition.You get a huge sandwich that could be split between two people. Service was quick and attentive!
2	eh.Go here once to say you did. You'll get a sandwich with soggy fries and coleslaw on it. It will be pretty huge. That is all.I might go back to check out the nightlife. I'll update my review then.
2	It wasn't bad, but it definitely wasn't good. As soon as we walked in the door the place was jammed back with people who were not interested in seating anyone or telling anyone they would be seated. On one side of the restaurant there were literally two girls working, and one of them was pregnant. You can imagine the chaos. I wanted to have this "Pittsburgh" experience that I've heard so much about but honestly I was more than underwhelmed. After being seated, it took the waitress 10 minutes to get around to actually saying hello to us and in between that time a large group of people decided to squeeze in a booth behind our table making my friend having to get up every time a waitress or another person needed to squeeze back there.The sandwich at best was mediocre. The coleslaw was a bit too vinegary for my tastes and became sickening after the first half of the sandwich. I needed a lot of ketchup to even finish the sandwich. Not to mention I got a nice souvenier of vinegary smelling hands afterwards. If you're a tourist, go do it to say you had a colossal sandwich and lived the "Pittsburgh" experience. Apart from that, I don't know why you'd return.
4	Tiny little place and very popular...highly suggest going early if you're a newbie in town and never had their sammiches before. They get pretty busy after 12.I couldn't decide what to get, and was told their number 2 popular choice is  not that great and I should try salami or black angus. Tough! So, I ended going with roast beef. I really enjoyed it, not greasy at all, and I actually ate the whole thing. Ha unbelievable, it was that good! Overall service was great.
3	I saw this place on Man vs Food and thought I would check it out. I ordered the pastrami with cheese. The sandwich was humongous!!!! It was filled with cheese, pastrami, coleslaw and french fires. It was very messy to eat but it was so good. I only drawback to this place was the service. My waitress was not very friendly and she got my order mixed up with the table next to me. She didn't even apologize for the mix up. Other than that it was a great experience and I recommend anyone who is going to the steel city to get some Primanti Bros.
5	Well, almost exactly one year later I had my 2nd Primanti Bros sandwich. This time I give it 5 stars. It's a great place. It's local, and yet all the tourists go there. Sat at the aluminum counter this time, definitely a different experience. Will definitely be getting a sandwich from here every time I'm in Pittsburgh.
2	Woulda been a 1 star review if not for our cute & courteous waitress.That said: YUCK!   This was my second supremely dissapointing Primanti's experience in nearly a decade of living in this fine little city.  I guess the fascination with this place must be that it it 1. has a bar 2. you don't have to order a side of fries or coleslaw because it's all gonna be slathered on your sandwich.  Bleh!  On my first Primanti experience, I ordered a corned beef sandwich as it shoud be, no fries or coleslaw on it.  So I was served 2 slices of bread and about 1.5 slices of corned beef.  What a rip off.  2nd experience, today, equally as awful.  But as i said... waitstaff was great.  I ordered a "Pitts-burger" with coleslaw and fries on the side.  Seriously, the quality of the burger I was served made 7-11 mini mart burgers seem gourmet.  I guess you really see what their overpriced, crappy sandwiches are truly made of when you strip off the fries & coleslaw.  Their fries are also soggy and gross.  Not a whole lot goin' on here except for cutie/attentive waitresses.  If you want a decent, GIANT-sized sandwich and a real PGH experience, go to Peppi's.
4	Have you ever watched them make this sandwich?  It's a special craft for sure.  They take two pieces of white Italian bread.  Pile on your choice of meat and cheese....then the grand finale....cole slaw and fries!  Then the put both hands on the sandwich and proceed to smoosh it all down flat. All this is done with their bare hands, no gloves here, so all you sanitary peeps beware! I don't know why it's such a fantastic sammy, but trust, it is!  I think it's just the combination of delicious (and fatty) ingredients that does the job.  It's just one more food experience that makes Pittsburgh's dining unique. If you're visiting Pittsburgh, go here?  If you're new to Pittsburgh, go here! If you just need your fill of a sandwich with more sides on it than you usually order in a regular sitting, go here!
5	Get into Pittsburgh, go to Primanti's. It's a time-honored tradition, and I know I'm FAR from the only person who does it.  This is true Pittsburgh. It's real food for the real people of this real city. No flair, no fanciness, no pussyfooting around. You come hungry, you get a great sandwich, and you wash it down with some Iron City beer. Congratulations, you now know what this city's about(well, that and the Steelers). Adam from Man vs. Food had it right, capicola and egg is where it's at, and the fresh fries and slaw really put this place in a league of its own. Simply put, you've gotta try this place. It gets on all the "places to eat before you die" lists for a reason.
3	The legendary Primanti Bros.  I believe I had been to Pittsburgh 10+ times before my first visit.  That being said I'm (a) glad I went (b) ok with it taking that long (c) really enjoyed the roast beef and cheese (d) easily would have paid more than the $7 ticket price (e) definitely need to hit the treadmill tomorrow and (f) thankful to not live next door.Overall, a good local experience.  No burning desire to hit em up the next time in Pittsburgh, but wouldn't hesitate to recommend.  Great tasting glutinous original sandwiches at decent prices, that's what they are.
4	luv this place!My first trip to Primanti's was back in the 90's and I've been hooked ever since.  I like the fact that they have opened up the more resturant / bar atmosphere locations, but the one in the Strip will always be my favorite.The fries are just greasy enough to make the sandwich sinful! I'm not a big Cole slaw person but I can't resist a roast beef w/egg at the closest Primanti Brothers!!!
3	I have heard about Primanti Bros, from many sources, but it wasn't what I was expecting. I've had better food. I was glad that i tried the place, and I would may possibly go back there, but I was expecting the sandwich to be a little better. I got mine with pastrami on it, and I'm not a huge cole slaw fan, so maybe that's why i didn't like the sandwich as much. There was a little bit too much fries and coleslaw on it for me. The bread was outstanding though! I would still recommend going there for the experience!
4	The original place in the Strip District is the best by far. Capicola & Cheese is my fav and though I'm not a fan of cole slaw, the fact that it's a dry slaw does it for me.  Bring your appetite and leave your attitude at the door.
4	Based on what I've read on yelp, I tried the Pastrami.  The cole slaw, fries, meat, and the italian bread all came together in a really HUGE sandwhich that was really good for a few reasons.  Flavor, texture, quantity, and presentation.  Ordered a couple of Yuenglings to wash it all down...not bad.
5	I was excited to try to Primanti's, what with Food Network/Adam Richmand blowing it up and my boyfriend being obsessed with it. I was also scared; scared it would let me down, like another sandwich place with the same concept in Chicago that was gross.And well: Primanti Bros is better. It was delicious. I had the pastrami and it was wonderful and had nice crispy edges from being fried on the grill. The bread was soft and easy to bite through and the coleslaw was perfection. Coleslaw is my least favorite, unless it's vinegar based and this was vinegar based. It wasn't too vinegar-y and I could tell there was a little something sweet in it. All in all, it paired well with the rest of the sandwich. The fries were crisp and not at all soggy as well. It was marvelous and I could've eaten another one.Except that I had two huge yuenglings because I was in pennsylvania. you can't get it here, ok?Also, the guy working the day we went here was SPECTACULAR. Seriously, it was kind of crowded when we got there, then super crowded and he got everybody out within twenty minutes. That's service.
3	When i told everyone I was going to Pittsburgh - Primanti Bros is one place everyone said I should try.Primanti Bros.'s sandwich = meat + cole slaw + french friesI ordered the pastrami and it was really good! The pastrami was lean and warm. I'm not a big fan of cole slaw but their cole slaw was pretty good. It was more like pickled vegetable; the pieces were big instead of chopped up finely which i liked. The french fries were a bit of a challenge to keep inside though.I would recommend trying Primanti's if you're in the area!
3	Pretty good sandwich, like the area that it's in. Old school. Have to give it a try thou. World famous. I would give it a 3 and 1/2 stars.
2	I understand Primanti is a historic institution here in Pittsburgh but other than the name I don't think it has much going on unless you're in the mood for quantity versus quality. I got reeled into my experience because everyone said to try it when I moved here. Really simple menu as you just choose the meat you'd like in your sandwich. I went with pastrami which was good but the combination of the cole slaw, tomato, french fries and bread was just okay and made it soggy as I finished the second half. The sheer size of it all was just too much too. I wouldn't return again, though if you're visiting and into doing Pittsburgh touristy stuff I would say you would need to experience Primanti to judge for yourself.
3	This place was featured on Man vs Food, which happens to be one of my favorite shows so I knew I wanted to hit it for lunch while in Pittsburgh. I tried really hard to be blown away by the experience but in the end it was just "A-OK" for me. Nothing really special about it. First, our server was horrible and I have hard time with poor customer service. Trust me, I'm not a guy with ridiculous expectations either, I rarely (if ever) complain to a manager, etc.. Anyway, she was really preoccupied with this group of young guys who were drinking a few beers and giving her some attention. To say she was train wreck would be an understatement so I'm sure it felt good to have a couple of buzzed construction workers flirting with her BUT I don't want to suffer over her self-indulgence. Just saying. We both ordered the pastrami sandwich and it came out rather quickly. The bread, which is made fresh daily was amazing; it literally melted in your mouth. The pastrami was just "ehhh, ok." It was lean but it didn't seem to pack a real punch from a flavor standpoint. I prefer mine I little more charred up with some seasoning. I could probably go with out having the fries on my actually sandwich as well. Apparently, that's there big move; they put the fries and cole slaw on your sandwich. I was also a little bummed about the fries; they end up getting really greasy and soggy. I'm a fries "well-done" kind of guy so this didn't really impress me from a flavor or texture standpoint. In the end, it didn't add to the flavor of the sandwich for me; it actually made it a big soggy mess.The portions are enormous and the price is right for lunch. Well under what I think they could charge for the amount of food they give you. For those Pittsburgh-ians who travel to the Los Angeles area, let me recommend Langers (look it up). The place is a landmark in Los Angeles and their pastrami and corned beef is absolutely second-to-none. In a fight, it would smoke Primanit Bros. like cheap crack. Just my two cents. The neighborhood is a little sketchy though so pack some heat if you have it!
2	I walked in, sat down, and ordered an IC light. Looked around, and realized that this restaurant looks awfully like one of the restaurants I saw on the food network where the guy goes around and eats these ridiculously large meals. After eating a Pittsburgher (the second most popular dish) and trying the colossal fish sandwich, and a capicola sandwich, I've decided that the best part of my meal was the IC light. My friend's colossal fish was the best of the three and it's best eaten as two meals. My Pittsburgher was the pitts and I wouldn't order it again. Unlike your pitts on a 90+ degree day, it was really dry. The sandwich was only salvaged by my grotesque use of hot sauce. The concept isn't that ridiculous either. Just get fries and coleslaw and put it in your sandwich. The chili cheese fries were mediocre as well, but the portion again was hugemongous.I'd come back here if I were in Pittsburgh again because its just a nice place to chill at on Market Square. But the food is only serviceable. Substituting quantity with quality can only get you so far.The ambiance, service, atmosphere, and tradition makes this place pretty unique, but it don't make the food taste better.
4	Was in town for the day and took an order to go.  The roast beef & cheese sanwich w/ an egg was awesome!  I don't like coleslaw, but the sandwich was great.  Definitely a must-eat for anyone visiting Pitt!
3	Its good for you to know that though the location (strip street) is in a bustling neighbourhood, there is free parking at the back for Primati customers! we parked elsewhere not knowing, and paid a tenner for 1 hour. So anyways, we came in around 4pm on a saturday afternoon and though it was full, there was no line. We were seated almost immediately. The menu says "pittsburger cheesesteak": is the second best.  Dont ask them whats #1 since they will always say "what you order is". Okay! that doesnot help!So we ordered the colossal fish, pastrami, double egg & cheesesteak. HUGE portion sizes. I could barely finish one half of the s/w. LOVED the pastrami. The others were just okay. Infact I didnt like the cheesesteak much. Yumm fries, but they get mushy sandwiched with the coleslaw. The coleslaw has no mayo - its vinegar based, but delish!We ended up going there twice (Pittsburgh downtown restaurants are strangely closed on sunday mornings), I dont think I will go back though.
3	So after hearing about all the raves and reviews about Primanti Bros, I had to try it for myself. I'm not going to lie, I was a bit disappointed. I think it is more of a novelty thing than anything. I would say yes, you should try it if you happen to come to Pittsburgh, but try not to expect a lot because that might have killed the sandwich for me.The sandwich is packed with great meat, but the fries were pretty soggy and coleslaw that day was a bit too much pepper for my liking. I thought the fries might have been soggy because of the coleslaw so I ordered another order of fries (since I'm generally a fries fiend), but even those were soft and not up to par. I was pretty disappointed at that. However, the meat was pretty delicious. I got corned beef and it was delicious slices and it was cooked well.I would say overall verdict: try the place but try with an open mind.
5	So had a short stop at pittsburgh before heading out to the airport and decided to go on a food adventure...  After getting lost and going to the closed location, I finally found this one at market square.  I paid for parking and boy was it worth it!The classic pastrami is too good! Crisped edges and stacked with vinegary slaw and crisp homey fries!  Lived up to the hype! Trip was worth it.
5	I'm from Cincinnati. By nature I'm supposed to hate Pittsburgh. However, I've had an obsession with Jordan Staal since I was 12, I took a college visit to the U of Pitt, and I DEFINITELY prefer a Primanti Bros sandwich over a 3 way anyday.Chillax, I'm not horny; a 3 way is a Cinci "delicacy" featuring spaghetti topped with a very thin chili and cheese. Calm down children.Anywhoo, whilst making this visit to Pittsburgh, I told my padre it was absolutely necessary we eat here. Why? I've seen Adam Richman, Guy Fieri and every other chubby traveling food dude drool over these. I wanted one. Bad.When you walk in, it's a dive, for sure. Seat yourself, everyone's in sweats, eatin a big hunk o' meat stuffed with french fries and coleslaw.An Ohio girl can get used to this.At the (also very chillax) waitress's recommendation I took Cappacola, which apparently is a Pittsburgh tradition. My dad took the Tuna Fish, and we waited...ten minutes. My food is here. And it looks AWESOME. My first bite was, orgasmic. Yes, orgasmic. This sandwich turns me on.Sorry 3 way.But this...sandwich...is...amazzzzzzzzzzzing! It's spicy, it's crunchy, it's sweet, it's salty, it's...hey there's bread too! ALL IN ONE. My dad also enjoyed his sandwich, at least I think he did. I'm not quite sure. I was into this love affair way too much. If this were considered cheating on a boyfriend, I would cheat. Every week. Maybe everyday, depending on how often I can get to this sandwich.I love this sandwich. You will too. You will also be full. Oh so very full. You will have coleslaw coming off your chin and french fries overflowing your basket after you're done. And if you do not finish, you will take it home, or to your hotel, or to the spirit shop down the street and munch on the leftover french fries while the cashiers aren't looking because you're not supposed to be eating in there. (SSH!)It's THAT good.P.S.: I got a pen that says Primanti Bros on it. Yeah. Be jealous.
5	a classic. nothing else to say
4	Classic Pittsburgh Primanti's. Great place to watch a game and get a bite to eat.
4	yikes!! just make sure you don't go there during lunch. it's def a ton of food and sure cause for afternoon food coma. the food itself was delish. never really thought of putting everything, including the sides, in a sandwich... but it works. def something to try if/when you're out there.
2	Maybe the expectations were too high, but I had a pastrami sandwich and I thought it was quite bland. The only flavors were vinegar and pepper. It was better with hot sauce, but I expected better.
4	the Primanti Bros sammich was everything I expected it to be...and I inhaled it!  That's all I'll say.
4	I've developed a new take on vegetarianism, called, "fuck it on vacationsim."  It developed on a recent trip to Hawaii, and I'm glad, because I got to splurge on this on a recent trip to steel town. Had eaten too much at Joes Crab shack 40 minutes earlier and wanted something to take on the plane.  I now wish I'd skipped the crab shack and tried these hot off the grill, because the hot pastrami and corned beef were awesome at 1.5hours later in airport, and 4 hours later in ANOTHER airport.  Sure they got a little soggy and the fries were mush, but it was still good, which means I missed out on something by not getting it fresh.  Live and learn, now my generally animal fat free belly has something to look forward to if I ever get to Pittsburgh again.I wish I had realized they were serving these at the Pirates Park.  I saw no food of interest and only had beer... not even yuengling, just some other crap.
1	Clearly should have read a few reviews before going here. Whenever I go to these types of iconic regional dining establishments, I order the house specialty to best judge the place on its supposed merits. Since it was 11 in the morning, I chose not to order Primanti's #1 best seller, which the waitress told me was beer, but perhaps that would have made my experience better. As it was, I ordered the #2 best seller, the cheese steak. It was heinous. Think a grimy, mechanically separated Salisbury-style steak with a meager slice of provolone on sliced Italian bread served signature Primanti-style: with coleslaw, tomatoes, and fries.First, the steak was disgusting: terrible flavor (smelled and tasted like hippie armpit, which I'm not necessarily opposed to as long as it's not involved in something I'm trying to eat) with a gross, processed meat texture. Secondly, the fries easily overwhelmed the sandwich, with their old fryer grease taste. Additionally, the sandwich was unwieldy and threatening to fall apart at every turn--a trait I don't hold against decent-tasting sandwiches, but this lack of structural integrity just added insult to injury. My dining partners were equally disgusted by their choices: corned beef and ham & cheese sandwiches, respectively. Easily the best part of the meal was the Smallman Street Fries, and those were equally lack-luster. The "bacon" was simply bacon bits (oh, the humanity!), the chili was uninspired, and the cheese sauce and sour cream did little but soggy the fries. (Did I mention they tasted like old fryer grease?)  I will never go back and I will immediately disregard the culinary opinions of anyone who thinks Primanti Bros. produces decent food.
4	A solid 4-stars for a solid-as-hell sandwich! I mean, why mess with silverware?...just pile all those side dishes (slaw and fries) between those buns and get to work. You should be full for approximately 29 hours. On a recent beautiful day in Pittsburgh, my pal Rachel C and I popped over to Primanti Bros. Of course, an institution...visitors must at least try it once. Like Deep Dish pizza in Chicago or bagels in New York. You just gotta, ok? Locals seem to be split on whether its worth it...so, saddle on up to give it a shot yourself. Sitting outside on Market Square in the sunshine (and with Batman filming in the near distance!), we embarked on my first Primanti experience. Bros is right...these are definitely NOT dainty sandwiches, by any means! DO not come here on a first date, there is literally no way to eat this beast politely. My turkey and cheese was a "lighter" option, if that exists...but I will still full for the requisite 29 hours or so. Did it blow my mind? No. Did I find it fun and interesting and did it taste good? YES! Wash it down with a Diet Coke and we were set to jet to take Pittsburgh by storm the rest of the day. Or, needed a nap. Wear the stretchy pants. *accepts credit cards*great for groups*very quick *friendly service
5	When there's this much hype about a place, it's hard to live up to, but they did a pretty damn good job. Maybe not the best sandwich I've ever had in my life, but if it was any random sandwich shop I'd happened to stumble into, it would definitely be five stars without a second thought.The chili cheese fries were among the best I've ever had. I don't know what they do to them - it's not the chili that's particularly great, it's not the cheese that's particularly great, and it's not the fries that are particularly great. But somehow, putting them all together just turns it into unbeatable awesome.The sandwich itself (I got the corned beef) was very good despite the fact that I hate coleslaw. But they don't mean the typical mayo-and-carrot-and-purple-onion coleslaw; they make it with vinegar and oil, so it's basically just like seasoned lettuce. They put a bit much of it on, which overwhelmed the rest of the ingredients at first, but just pull about half of the slaw off and you have a kick-ass sandwich. The hot sauce goes really well on it too. And for a pretty reasonable price, I might add. Normally, I'd expect it to be about twice as much with that kind of reputation and downtown location.
2	I heard from everyone that the Primanti sandwiches are the quintessential Pittsburgh food. We scored a nice seat outside and indulged in some Iron Hill beer that was on special for $2 for a  20 oz beer. The sandwiches were fine and were inexpensive.Be warned that everything here comes with french fries, even the salads.
1	Wildly overrated.  I compare it to Pat's and Geno's in Philly, good when your drunk, but only when your drunk.I went to Pitt for 4 years and I have to say I never understood the Primantis hype.  I dont know how you get famous for putting fries on a sandwich when the fries suck.  They are soggy and tasteless, maybe the worst I've ever had.  I will say the coleslaw is pretty good, and I'm not usually a coleslaw guy, but it doesnt make up for all the other shortcomings.  Half the sandwich falls out while your eating.  The "cheesesteak" might be the most tasteless sandwich ever.  You have to use a whole bottle of hot sauce just to get a little flavor.  Primantis sucks...go to Fatheads on the Southside or Uncle Sam's in Oakland.
3	Why waste time? Want a sandwich, fries and slaw? Put it all in one, this is what Primati Bro's  does. Every sandwich here is huge, not really due to the protein, but due to the handful(s) of fried and slaw and the thick bread each one is built with. I opted for the Colossal fish and cheese sandwich (6.99).  The fish had a nice crisp batter, the fires were a bit soggy , the bread was nice and soft and the slaw was decent.  Alone I loved the fish, All together the starch of the bread and fried over power the fish. There was hot sauce at the table to help add flavor (frank's red hot style). Seating is odd, seat your self and you will get service when you are noticed. Drink come in to go cups and the menu is on paper for you to keep as notice to you doctor of your  1000+ calorie meal. My coworker also got the cheese fires for extra cholesterol and to max his per diem. Cheese wiz smothered soggish fries. It was decent but it did not blow me away by any means.Bottom line, if you are a tourist, give it a try, if you are a local come for the nostalgic name.
4	I am going to echo Colleen C here: "A solid 4-stars for a solid-as-hell sandwich!"We sat outside on a gorgeous Saturday afternoon. It was busy but we were able to be seated immediately. The waitress was running around like crazy but she took pretty good care of us. She did get my order wrong but I was willing to keep the wrong sandwich but she came back within 5 minutes with my correct one and apologized. That is great customer service. I am glad she did get me the correct one because I really wanted the ham and provolone.So, the thing here that stands out to me (loving the north bread and missing it since I live in Orlando) is the BREAD! So freaking fresh and moist. So fluffy. You make fingerprints in it when you hold it, I love that. So my concern, the coleslaw... I hate mayo but here they make it with vinegar, win! Amazing bread, coleslaw, fries and tomatoes with whatever meats you want, delicious.This is a must stop in Pitt just as everyone knows and tells you so do yourself a favor and listen to them!
1	I realize it's a sandwich shop and I dared to order a salad - but their menu is limited - so why put something on it if you're not going to do it right? Ordered a grilled chicken salad, take out. Got back to the hotel and found it had a pile of tasteless, cold french fries on it...so cold they never melted the shredded orange cheese-food underneath them. Also no salt or ketchup was included, so even if I DID want to eat stone cold, unseasoned fries, they would suck. The balsamic dressing I ordered was replaced by (fake) raspberry vinaigrette, so repulsive it required a trip all the way back  to the restaurant to get the correct dressing, which they were out of. Would have been nice to have been asked, since they did have Italian on hand - seems like a closer match. The iceberg lettuce, olive, and tomato salad, oh yeah, it did have a bit of chicken on it too, was okay once I scraped all that orange congealed "cheese" off.  That and all the smokers hanging around the place (and Pittsburgh in general), I would say this place is a totally over-rated dump.
1	Really bad service. Make sure to get in the face of the wait staff or count on being ignored
3	Ok I think I fouled up on my order... I went with the spicy sausage and all I could taste was potatoes, which maybe if i didn't order chili fries I would have been more in to. After my chili fries with nacho cheese, which could have been tastier, maybe if they switched the cheese to a sharp cheddar and some pepperchinis would have helped. As far as the sandwich goes, I should have gone with something with more meat, rookie mistake, and maybe a side of chili instead of chili fries. My favorite part of my sandwich had to be the coleslaw, that was on point. I'm not sure if I should have put Ketchup on my sandwich or what the hell to do with the heap of potatoes in the sandwich? I really can't wait for a rematch with this place, because I think I need another shot to get my order right.
4	The food here is outstanding, and the beer is damn cheap. This is a must visit if you're in Pitt. Sidenote: While there, I saw Bruce Vilanch slamming down a sandwich. If that fat bastard eats at Primanti's, you know they are serving the best sandwiches around. His poor assistants (I think they were his assistants, or I hope so, for their sake) probably had to wipe the messiness of his face. They had their heads down following in Bruce's large sweaty shadow walking out of the place, most likely ashamed of what they just witnessed. You can't unsee certain things.
3	I tried Primanti Brothers when I was in Pittsburgh for an Eric Clapton concert. Like many tourists, I tried Primanti Brothers because I saw it a thousand times on TV. The particular location I went to is tiny - much smaller than it seemed on TV. Regardless though, the sandwiches are pretty good. I sat at the bar and ordered the pastrami sandwich with the provolone, slaw, fries and tomato. The slaw was exactly how I like it; vinegar instead of mayo is the way to go. The fries were pretty good but not amazing. Not sure if they double-fry the fries but they needed to be a bit crispier in my opinion, especially when you consider that they will get automatically soggy on the sandwich. The pastrami had a nice taste but could have tasted more "homemade". The Italian bread was a nice touch, but eat quickly or the bread will dissolve into the meat/slaw. Two complaints. The sandwiches are not as big as you would think. They are bigger than most deli-style sandwiches but not quite as colossal as I thought it would be. Also, the meal is served on a piece of wax paper... This is probably tradition but I think a plate would better suit. All in all, my experience was good at this tourist-flocking sandwich shop.
5	I've been here a handful of times, and I don't think I could ever get bored of their sandwiches.  Everything was reasonably-priced, and the sandwiches were gigantic and delicious.I've never had a wait here, nor have I ever had bad service.  I remember they had a fair selection of beers as well.Look, you're not going to Primanti's for five-star filet mignon, posh decorations and furnishing and waiters in black ties and suits.You're going to Primanti's for a big manly sandwich that gets right to the chase.  Easy in, easy out...your taste buds will be delighted...and you'll leave with a full belly.That's what you're getting here.
5	great place for a good sandwich that is unique to Pittsburgh. Price is good beer was cold. A must if going to Pittsburgh. Not saying it is best food ever. Saying it is well worth the experience. Sorta like first philly cheesesteak.
5	ALWAYS my first stop when back in the Burgh.  Folks need to lighten up -- it is a sandwich joint.  Not fine dining.  Cold, cheap beer and sammies with fries and slaw on them -- the way they have been doing it since the 1930s.  Thats what the advertise and that's what they deliver -- every time.    Cap and cheese with a frosty IC Light -- heaven.
4	I love this place. Their sammies are awesome. I am not a coleslaw fan but like it and choose to eat it here. The pictures below describe it nicely. It's a sandwhich with coleslaw and french fries on it. It may not sound right but it's excellent. The service isn't the best but it's usually because they are verrrry busy. It's not your healthiest place but hey, who cares.
3	I can respect Primanti's and the following they have, but I just don't like their sandwiches that much.  I probably have them once a year b/c someone from out of town wants to go there.  Sometimes I forget how much I don't like the sandwiches until that one time a year.  Sorta how you perceive the Holidays to be this joyous time and then reality hits you and realize that's it's completely overrated.I usually get the Cappicola and Cheese sandwich and it's alot of salty meat, with some bland fries, mild cole slaw, cheese completely hidden by the other ingredients between two slices of bread.  Maybe Primanti's should make up a secret sauce b/c it's always so damn dry.  I think I need to learn my lesson and stop going there.  I would have given it 2 stars but it seems like such a Pittsburgh staple that I didn't have the heart to dock them any stars.  See, this Pittsburgh girl still gives props to her roots!
3	I guess you have to try this out if your not from Pittsburgh!I had the sweet sausage, Hubs had hot sausage, my oldest had ham and my youngest ordered chicken fingers.  The chilli was good, but the bread it came w/ was stale.  They put cole slaw and french fries on the sandwiches.  I thought that it just made the sandwiches bland and starchy.  But not bad...just blah.  The bread was nice and soft and they have several different kinds.  I am not a beer drinker, but they looked like pretty good prices.  The place was very crowded and you seat yourself.  We lucked up on an empty table, although it was by the door.  The place looks much bigger on the outside.
4	Primanti Bros sells sandwiches. Only, calling these sandwiches doesn't really do them justice. And I think there may have been salads and some other stuf fon the menu... but really, it's all about the almost famous sandwiches!!The sandwiches come with fries and coleslaw (vinegar based not mayo based!!). No, not on the side, but on the sandwich. And as weird as it may sounds, it tastes really good that way! I didn't get anything to wild, just a turkey sandwich. The bread was fantastic, soft but still sturdy, and there was plenty of turkey. The fries could have been crispier, but they weren't limp and soggy so I can't complain too much there! My husband had a bowl of soup in addition to his sandwich and I stole a taste... Very flavorful! Service is where a star is lost... We had to flag someone down to get my water refilled and my mother-in-law had to ask for tartar sauce for her fish sandwich twice. Our waiter was friendly and took decent care of us other then those 2 minor hiccups. I can definitely see why these sandwiches have the following that they do. I can see myself going back next time my travels take me to Pittsburgh.
5	If you pass through Pittsburgh this place is a must visit. Their specialty sandwich is like no other. They're a little short on conversation but I guess that's part of the packaged deal. If I ever moved to Pittsburgh I'd move near one of their locations ; )
4	The meat and cheese of your choice topped with slaw and fries is what I call a sandwich!  They are huge and delicious.  I couldn't eat these all the time, but always a must when in the Burgh.
5	This is a Pittsburgh classic right here. You walk in the place and it doesn't look like much. They serve beer here, which is awesome. The sandwiches come with meat of your choice, cheese, french fries, and coleslaw, and if you want, an egg. I usually get the Pastrami one, with egg. Egg is the only way to go. Their chili is really good as well, just make sure to get it with cheese and onion. As a fan of sandwiches and hoagies in general, this is about as good as it gets. They have TVs and bar seating as well in here. So it's a great place to go watch a sporting event with friends.
4	Enjoyed the Cajun chicken sandwich. It includes fries and Cole slaw - both of which were good.
2	This is one of the most over hyped restaurant that I have ever been to.  I know it's a Pittsburgh legend. I have been there several times and every time say to myself, I won't be going back.  I only go there when dragged by coworkers.  The restaurant is always packed, service is slow and you have to get up to get a drink refill from the cashier.  Yes it's unique having fries and cole slaw on your sandwiches, but the sandwiches are horrible.  Burnt Roast Beef or poor quality cheese steaks just don't cut it with me.
5	Loved the food! Heard about it on the Travel Channel and since I was in Pittsburgh for a conference I decided to go. Me and a friend went and we ordered two sandwiches: The Cajun Chicken Brest & Cheese and the Pastrami & Cheese. Both sandwiches came topped with lettuce, tomato, and French fries, that's right I said French fries! Both were cut in half and we tried both sandwiches, and they were amazing! Both our bills were no more then 8 dollars which is real cheap for good food! The staff were friendly and the atmosphere great. I recommended for anyone visiting the Pittsburgh area, it's a must eat!
2	Primanti's is a Pittsburgh institution.  The original is in the strip district just outside of downtown proper.  They are famous for large sandwiches with the fries IN the sandwich, not on the side.  Idea was born out of truckers wanting a meal they could eat on the road.  Yes, if you are in PIT you should probably go once just to say you've been there.  That being said, I have been a number of times and tried a number of different sandwiches and to be honest they all were fairly bland.  Lack of flavor really hurts them in my opinion.
3	Never heard of this place. Only heard/went there because my dad wanted to.Great atmosphere. Server was very good. Overall great service. Beer selection was OK. Low price for lots of food.Had the cheesesteak. It was ok. Nothing special. Like most "fat sandwiches," when you add French Fries to a sandwich, they leave it with little flavor.
5	I was raised in PGH and just love primanti's. Roast beef and cheese for me. The fries and slaw are what make the sandwich.  The best sandwich on the planet. It is not fancy but it is great. I just wish they would go national, though I hate chains, this would be an exception.
4	This place was tiny for such a downtown, central location. We went with the family after seeing the christmas decorations downtown.Yummo I do love me some Primantis! Though I can really only justify partaking one or two (at the most!) times a year. Seriously it is SO freakin greasy and huge. what can be better then a hot sammy loaded with meat of your choice (or egg or cheese if that's your deal) topped with tangy slaw and salty crunchy fries?! If you are feeling like indulging even more, order the colossal fish sandwich. it is HUGE, like shocking! Their beer menus are totally standard types. They're cold and frothy and wash down the salt and grease perfectly.
5	Ok, ok, ok, y'all need to calm down.  Quit with the 'it's too small,' 'it's a Pittsburgh thing,' and 'it's so greasy' statements.  That's what Primanti's IS.  It's a compact, greasy Pittsburgh right.  Yes, the place is small, it is in Market Square, and will remain there, wouldn't you be disappointed if one day you wanted Primanti's and no more Market Square location?  I know I would.  If I were in the downtown region and had that craving I wouldn't want to have to work my way up to the Strip just for a bite of that Pittsburgh goodness.  The 'it's a Pittsburgh' thing comments baffle me.  If you have food shows featuring the sandwich, magazines writing about it, and it's considered the 'Manliest Restaurant in America,'  I think that means it's more than just a Pittsburgh thing.  Why else would Primanti's be featured on such media?  Why else would these people centered around shows and magazines venture to a Primanti's?  I mean that has to show you it's more than just a Pittsburgh thing.And 'it's so greasy?'  Did you not watch them makes your sandwich, which you picked from their extensive menu, on the griddle in front of you?  Expect it to be greasy, they are frying it for you and melting that cheese on it.  Maybe don't even pay attention to the greasy factor, especially with that crunchy coleslaw and heap of fries placed between those two thick slices of Italian bread.  Better yet, move out of my way, I'm about to chow down on that Pittsburgh grease fest awaiting my attention.
3	A classic Pittsburgh experience.OK - I'll agree that everyone should experience a Primanti sandwich. But having experienced it, I'll tick it off my bucket list. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't anything special either.
3	Iiiiii don't get the appeal. While I liked my sandwich and the service was very quick and pretty good, it wasn't really anything to write home about. The sandwiches are gigantic! Don't let anyone tell you otherwise. The ingredients, as a standalone are halfway decent - the fries are the real deal and pretty good, the coleslaw is fresh and crunchy, etc. I just don't get why the sandwich is raved about. Overall my sandwich was pretty flavorless, not even salty. I wish there was a distinguishing flavor apart from like "yep, that's egg, yep that's cabbage, yep, that's a potato." Ah well, it took me almost ten years to get around to visiting this place, and I don't think I'm too keen on going back. :-/
3	I love the concept but I think it is overrated.  I have been hearing so much hype about Primanti Brothers that I was so excited to finally get to stop in at one.  I have no problem with the size or amount of grease, I just don't get the greatness of the sandwiches.We ordered the Kolbassi & Cheese and the Pitts-burger cheesesteak (#2 best seller).  I had half of each one along with cheese fries.  I thought both sandwiches were a little dry especially the cheesesteak.  The coleslaw seemed to be too dry for my taste or maybe it was the abundance of fries that dried everything out for me.  I am not a big fry fan in the first place.  I would like to see some other options for bread like a wheat or whole grain option.  I would also recommend putting extra cheese on the sandwich as I couldn't even taste cheese.  I like cheese and they need more to help balance the dryness.Service was a little lame as I barely could understand our "too cool" server.  He seemed disinterested in us for the most part.  The pregnant waitress who helped us out once seemed more congenial and helpful.  I like the fact that it is small and fast.  I just don't get the vast appeal.  I need sauces, fresh ingredients, whole grains, and cheese.  I would recommend for everyone to try the place once but I bet there is better options in the Burg.
4	Subway calls their line folks "sandwich artists."  If those people are considered artists, then the cooks at Primanti Bros are friggin' Picasso.  If you've never sat by the grill, you should, just to see them in action.  On a busy lunch day, it's not uncommon for them to have 15 things going at once, and they keep track of what's what via...broken french fries.  I've never seen or heard them get anything wrong, either!  While I wouldn't call them chefs, as the menu at the end of the day is simple, they definitely have a solid skill set at the griddle.If you've never been to Primaniti's, here are a few tips from a seasoned veteran.  Tip 1:  Always get fried egg.  Always.  On everything.  Tip 2:  Pick up a bottle of hot sauce and sploosh it on the fries...those of you complaining about bland fries definitely need to try the hot sauce technique, as it makes a definite difference.  Tip 3: The "cheesesteak" sucks and is a travesty that people are encouraged to order this abomination, as compared to many other items of deliciousness on the menu. Tip 4: I'm a  big fan of capicola (with egg) and the colossal fish.  The fish is huge, and you will feel like a fat kid if you finish it.  Tip 5: A 23oz  "Iron" is only like $4.  Get one and talk like a Yinzer for a complete experience.The Market Square location is just as good as the original in the Strip.  Oakland is meh, Southside comes up third in my book.  I haven't been to others.  If you're coming in from out of town though, any of them will fit the ill.
3	I thought it was solid.  I got the Pittsburgher with an Iron City.  I had to experience Primanti and I enjoyed it.  Service was good on a Friday afternoon, Beer was cold on a hot day and my sandwich was satisfying.  What more could you really ask for from a sandwich joint?
4	Before Food Network started showing a bajillion shows about sandwiches with french fries, fried eggs, cheese sticks, the kitchen sink  and other stuff piled on top of them, there weren't that many restaurants doing it. Now you can't swing a dead cat without hitting a restaurant that is piling anything on top of a sandwich to try to stand out.Primanti's, however, isn't some new fad. They have been putting fries and cole slaw on their sandwiches for roughly 745 years (Note: that may be slightly innacurate, but the point is, they've been around a while). This started as a way for the blue collar workers of Pittsburgh to be able to carry their whole lunch in one hand, to eat on th go... and a great idea was born. Adding a fried egg to any sandwich is an option, and it is also almost always a good idea - and should be mandatory if you order the cappicola and cheese. Primanti's has a lot of locations now, pretty much all around the Pittsburgh area, but unlike most chains, they seem to have suffered no growing pains from expansion, and every restaurant seems to be top notch and consistent in food quality. The regular sandwiches are big, but if you want to grow your waistline a couple inches in one sandwich, get the colossal fish. It is ridiculously large, and the fish is great. If you're feeling a little adventurous and have never had a real sardine before, try the sardine sandwich. These aren't those slimy little jarred bait fish you get in grocery stores. They are nice sized real sardines - a little oily, just enough briny sea flavor, and being Primanti's, you get plenty of them.If you've never been to Primanti's before, its definitely worth a stop... and with locations all over the Pittsburgh area, they're easy to find.
4	I've been to this particular location a few times and it's been great! The service was so-so but the times i've been it was always loaded, bursting at the seams with people. The food is yet to disappoint. In all honesty i expected more from the slaw on the sandwich, but ill still go back every chance i get.
4	Fries were kind of bland and the coleslaw was just ok but the meat was very good. Overall, it's a tasty place with good prices
4	This place was hard to find in the dark after a 5 day drive from Texas.First off, what's up with Pittsburgh and ginger ale?  I've never heard of any place serving ginger ale in a cup, bottle or can in Texas, but here it seems to be everywhere!  Every place we stopped to eat and even a few bars recommended I try their ginger ale and it's really good!  So we all got that to drink.  To start we tried the chili since it was posted on the wall as great chili.  A few friends told me "don't get the chili, you're there for a sandwich."  They were right.  The chili wasn't good.  We don't put beans in chili here, and it should be thick, meaty, and able to eat through a spoon.  This stuff was weak, watery and full of beans and maybe some other vegetables.  Our chili would make people in Pittsburgh fall over dead.I got a double sweet and hot sausage sandwich, the wife had the Philly, and the kids had corned beef and a ham.  We had seen the hundreds of TV shows about this place and we were finally here to see if the mix of coleslaw, fries and meat was really as awesome as they say it is.   They were right.   The sandwiches didn't seem as big as they were on TV but they were freakin' awesome.  We all enjoyed these sandwiches more than any sandwich we had ever had before.   We had just had a long day of eating tons of bacon and bacon booze, so I didn't think any of us would be able to finish a big sandwich.  WE DID.  It was soooo good.  The only bad part about coming to Pittsburgh and visiting Primanti Bros is that we had to go back home the next day!
2	Primanti Brothers is definitely a Pittsburgh institution. If you are traveling through, you definitely have stop here, at least for the novelty factor. Overall, food is good for a... well, for a sandwich shop... But in the end, I didn't leave with a sense that I really had to come back. The real novelty at Primanti Brothers is that all of there sandwiches include french fries and cole slaw inside that sandwich. And to that I say... "who cares".  I personally didn't care for the fries and slaw inside my sandwich, but I am also not a huge french fry or cole slaw fan. (I like the good ones, but I can easily pass on average,) I will say that their cole slaw, which was vinegar rather than mayonnaise based, was quite good. And there fries were above average, but not as good as somewhere like say, Five Guys. The ingredients in the sandwich were all pretty good. I had the Pastrami and my friend had the Angus steak. The bread, meat, cheese, etc., were all good quality and were distinct when tasted individually. The sandwiches also seemed to work OK as a package, but for some reason for me--aside from the novelty factor--they didn't stand out. I think that maybe with the fries and slaw in there, there is just too much going on and those two tend to dominate the whole sandwich. It really takes over and you hardly taste the quality of the other ingredients. On the plus side, the sandwiches average about $7 each, and for that price, your get a pretty decent sandwich. In the end, Primanti Brothers is a definite must try if you are passing through, but I don't see myself craving these babies any time soon.
3	This place isn't for a light lunch. Their famous sandwiches include a variety of grilled meats (the cheese steak its second-best seller) with french fries, cole slaw, and tomatoes all squeezed between two soft slices of freshly-cut Italian bread. Rather than cool, mayo-based slaw, an Italian oil-based slaw is used that adds a spicy zing to the sandwich. It's a great meal on the go for game day, or you can watch it on one of the TVs surrounding the bar. It's a greasy handful, but you don't go to Primanti's to be healthy. You go to be full.
4	Huge portions, great food in a nice little square for people watching.
3	Fries and cole slaw in the sandwich was interesting...pretty good. Don't come here if you don't like messy food. My sandwich kind of fell apart. Also, they don't give you plates or forks or knives (they bring you your food on a sheet of wax paper). I'm not sure if they take credit cards (we paid with cash), and have fun trying to find parking near it!
4	Stopped at the Market Square Primanti's this weekend after a Pirates game.  Salami sandwich was out of this world, and the 24 oz. IC Light wasn't too shabby, either.  Great post-10pm food!
2	I really don't know what the hype is about.  I was quite underwhelmed with this restaurant.
4	Really 3.5, but I'll round up for this one.  I had to stop here, right?  It's a Pittsburgh institution.So.... the fries and slaw are on the sandwich, huh?  Big deal.  It seemed less like a distinguishing gimmick, and more like a move to avoid giving you a plate.  It was just easier throw everything in the sandwich, wrap it up and give it to you.... and it caught on.  Now it's a big deal, I guess. But, I'm not trying to be negative here.  Bottom line is that I enjoyed my pastrami sandwich.  If I ever go again, I think I'd throw a fried egg on there too.  It seems like the perfect place to grab a quick sandwich before heading to a game.  If I lived here, I'd probably develop an unhealthy obsession with this place, and come here way more often than my cardiologist would want me to.Recommend.
3	It was a decently filling sandwich, but nothing special about it. I had the cheese fries (it was pretty much molten cheese with bits of fries in it) and the cheese steak sandwich.  It was definitely great to try but I didn't enjoy the mess and the sandwich was a bit bland. Great location to people watch, but would I come here again? Probably not.
5	The ambiance and food are very good. Been to other places before but this definitely beats all the other places hands down (other than the original one on the strip). Was there at night and the combo with IC Light Man can and Burger for under $10 that was a little unbelievable. This is not food for faint heart. They add generous portions of fries and cole slaw which are deliciously dripping as you savor them.
2	Always love Primanti's and I was Central Pittsburgh area, so I went for lunch. It was after the rush and wasn't too busy but the waitresses acted like it was. I was told to sit myself, which is cool since I wanted to sit outside. But then two waitresses kept coming and going without even looking at me. Finally a third came and took my order. I got my usual.... pastrami, extra cheese, no tomato, add egg. When did she miss the "no tomato"? I got my sammich (eventually) and there was the tomato. I immediately wanted to send it back but the waitress was gone again MIA. She just disappeared again. I waited as long as I could but she never came back. I finally carried the sloppy tomato seed-covered bread back into the restaurant myself and told the cook I needed a new piece of bread. He gave it to me with a funny look, then I ate my sammich, and then five minutes later the waitress finally showed up. Until then she was just missing. I was so annoyed, but when she came back it was just to refill my drink. A few minutes later I needed my bill, but guess what, she was gone again! I had to walk inside to get my check and then pay it. I was really annoyed. Love me some Primantis but the Market Square one has terrible service.
1	ate at the one in North Versailles. floor filty, all young kids running the place, poor service, poorly made sandwich, very bad overall. The should have a manager on duty. I wont be back. thanks
4	my friends at Pittsburgh said that it must a try! that was I went there! I had an steak sandwich, greasy but delicious and with the fries and slaw are on the sandwich! which was strange! It was not easy to eat it, but it was fun! apparently pitts folks really love fries :)
5	it's been close to 5 years since i've had primanti's, but after being disgusted by a knock off in chicago (i'm talking about you Lucky's).. i had to come back to give props to primanti's.i don't remember what i ordered, but do remember ordering two sandwiches only to come back 4 hours later to order another.  i do remember the monstrosity of the sandwich w/o skimping out on the meats and w/ a good ratio of meats, fries, and slaw.
2	Prior to writing my review for Primanti Bros., I put on my helmet, tooth guard, started my car and prepared to run away once the angry hordes of Pittsburghers read my review...Why you ask?   Get ready for it....deep breath...I...don't...like...Primantis...Gasp!  Choke!  Faint!Yes, yes, I know.  As a born and bred Pittsburgher, I am committing blasphemy by admitting I don't like Primantis.  I don't like their sandwiches, I don't like their nachos, I don't like their soups, salads, wings or fries.  I find the whole idea of a sandwich containing 3,000 calories worth of Italian bread, cole slaw, meat, and fries just too over the top.  The fries are a soggy mess, the slaw has too much vinegar, the meats are cheap, and the bread is...well the bread is actually ok.I know it's a Pittsburgh institution and it even served a very pragmatic purpose back in the day, but now it's just kitsch that gets the city featured on Food Network on occasion.  I've eaten there numerous times and have done my Pittsburgh duty of taking all out of towners to the (in)famous Primanti's, but always with the caveat that, "It's not that good." and usually an apology afterward.So there you have it.  I do feel like a giant weight has been lifted off of my shoulders.  I no longer have to carry around my terrible, terrible secret.
2	I was very excited to go here because of all the buzz about this place.  To be honest this place was not that good at all.  The sandwiches, although unique, were not that good. It was all french fries and very little meat.  My husband and I were almost mad at how little meat was on the sandwiches.  We won't be going back but at least we experienced it.
1	So this is a Pittsburgh instiitution??  Am so underwhelmed.  After waiting more than 20 minutes for our sandwiches (in the end these are still just sandwiches), they came out cold - and I'm not just talking about the meat, lettuce, tomatoes - everything was cold including the fries.  What a disappointment.  Head to DiBellas - much better service, subs and sandwiches.
3	I hit the Primanti Brothers Market Square location to see if the sandwich lives up to the legend and it does. The shop offers a wide array of versions from beef to fish but the grilled steak has rich flavor that is nicely cut by the slightly vinegary Cole slaw. The addition of the fries and Cole slaw on top of the sandwich will make any of the offerings at Primanti a delicious and unique flavor of Pittsburgh.
4	I love primanti's but this local is less consistent than the strip. Need more fries on sandwiches. Generally packed during lunch.
2	Underwhelming is one word that comes to mind. The meat tasted cheap, the fries were soggy and the sandwich as a whole was pretty tasteless.Maybe my expectations were just too high, I don't know. I went bc I had to, but I definitely will skip next time I'm in town.
1	Previous reviews have said it well: Lackluster, tasteless food.Ate at Primanti Bros with a group of friends while in Pittsburgh; we heard about it from 'Man vs. Food' and were assured that it is a Pittsburgh institution. The sandwiches are large and the pricing is fine ($6-$9), but what you get is a sloppy sandwich with food service-grade meat topped with lukewarm fries. Good in theory, bland in execution; it's a lot of calories without the accompanying flavor.We also had terrible service at the Market Square location; I'll chalk this up to a fluke. The patio seating at the Market Square location is wonderful on a sunny day, but it started to rain and they actually retracted the awning, explaining that it wasn't designed to get wet --but apparently their customers are.The legacy and infamy might tempt you to eat here, but take your money elsewhere and buy good-tasting food instead of kitsch.
5	Just writing a review makes my mouth water. I've only been once but I got one of the well-known pastrami sandwiches loaded with fries and cole slaw. It's huge, and if you're a snobby chick that refuses to eat like a man then don't even bother visiting. This place is seriously cool and it's featured on the Food Network, which is a big deal to a food dork like me.
5	This was probably one of the most anticipated sandwiches of my life. After seeing this place on Man v Food, I was determined to come here. Well on a business trip to Pittsburgh, I lightning bolted over to this place as soon as I got off the plane.Point blank, this sandwich IS worth all the hype. As excited as I was, I was slightly skeptical about how fries and slaw would mix with some of the sandwiches. So I ordered the Pastrami sandwich which comes with the aforementioned on top... It was straight up unbelievable. Surprisingly, everything mixed perfectly together and the bread even stood out as being very good. If you're a health conscience, then it makes absolutely no sense to come here at all. You're here for the most unhealthy and delicious sandwich you'll ever have, so keep that in mind. That being said, this is place is delicious and it's an absolute must when visiting Pittsburgh.
4	I have seen many food show on the Primati famous sandwich, so it was a must try while I was in Pittsburgh. I was not disappoint. I would come back the next time I am in Pittsburgh.
4	I am a foodie so when I travel, I must try foods that are famous in the city that I visit. So, Primati Bros is a must on my Pittsburgh trip. Well, I was not disappoint after eating their #2 almost famous pittsburger.  Next time, I will try the pastrami. My friend had the pastrami, and it looked tastier.
1	There was basically no cheese on my "cheese combo sandwich", the fries were gross, and the waitress was nasty to us.
2	Boring sandwich. Period. I fell for the "hype" and while it was filling for $7 bucks, it just did not satisfy a craving...I had the corned beef.
3	I really don't know what the fuss about Primanti brothers is all about - other than their portions being big, the food was mostly tasteless.  To be fair, let me just say that my apple allergy prohibited me from partaking in their coleslaw and this could lead to my impression that they aren't all that special.  If you don't already know, Primanti Bros is known for serving up HUMONGOUS sandwiches piled high with meat, French fries and coleslaw.  I ordered their fish filet sandwich and it was just bad.  The fried fish filet was incredibly dry, the French fries were soggy and had been sitting out for a while and the vast amounts of tartar sauce I tried to dump on each bite did not do anything to help the taste.  One thing you should DEF order if you come to the Primanti Bros shop is their chili cheese fries.  They are SO incredibly good.  The cheese is thick and they are very generous with the portions and chili - cheese - fries ratio.  This helped me to enjoy my meal more.Primanti Bros - though famous - is not the type of place you would say ... take a date.  They're not fancy and this is the type of place where you are always welcome to dress down and you cannot be scared to use your hands and just dig into a sandwich.  Plates are not provided (sandwiches comes on the wax paper that is used to wrap sandwiches), but napkins are plentiful.  I am glad to say that I experienced the famous Primanti Bros for myself, but I would not be overly enthusiastic about a return.
3	"We used to go here all the time when we were drunk." Turns out it isn't so great sober. Sorry. After being talked up by my companions I got really excited for this place but I was sadly let down. My angus steak sandwich had dry meat and seemingly no taste. I'll give them an extra star for cheap drinks but takeaway another star as our waitress seemed to think she didn't need to do her job...and essentially told us that. No offense but this place isn't good enough for me to put up with waiters who are mad at the world and/or their life...go find a deli with awesome an awesome Reuben and then we can talk. What made that even worse is that we started at the bar with a witty bartender who was really great at his job. Whomp. Whomp. Soooo...yeah skip. Their time is past...unless you are drunk...
5	I love Primanti Bros. The restaurant appeared on dinners drive ins and dines. The mane thing they put on your burger is meat, cheese, fries, coslau. That's what they are know for but you can get it without all that stuff. Yes its a place for kids and yes they have TVs. I wouldn't really look at it as a bar. When you go there you must be really hungry. I would say you shouldn't have Attn in the last past 7 hours. i give pamanti bros a 5 thumbs up (IF I HAD FIVE THUMBS). Its also in walking distance from the steelers and the pirates Field.
4	When I first moved to Pittsburgh 2 years ago, I visited the Strip District Primanti Brothers location several times before trying this location in Market Square. I was initially a little skeptical but highly recommend this location over the original!The sandwiches are just as good, if not better, in Market Square and actually bigger. I attribute this to the mostly male staff here vs. female in the Strip District since they seem to make most of their sandwiches based on "handfuls."I also enjoy the atmosphere at this location best. Yes, it's still a bit divey, but it's less diner and more bar than the Strip District Primanti. Overall, I recommend this restaurant as a great, inexpensive place to grab a sandwich and beer in Market Square.
5	Easily the best sandwich I have ever ate. I can see why year after year this sandwich ranks tops in the country. I never had a sadnwich with cole slaw and french fries on it, needless to say it is just as good as it sounds. If you are ever in Pittsburgh, eating here is a must!
3	I think I made the mistake of coming here sober. Primanti's is great if you've had a few. Oddly, this location closes at midnight so it's late night food without late night hours.This location is much smaller than the others. There's no good way to get a group of 8+ people together here.It's downtown near offices but doesn't seem to suit the after-work get together well. The food is still a decent value but that's about all it has going for it.
5	Random trip to PittsburghWalked over the bridge after Pirates game at beautiful PNC ParkYelp says better come hereFully packed, scored an outside table in about 30 minEat while everyone checks out the rare site of AsiansIf you ever need a last meal in this world, a Primanti Bros sandwich would be a wise choice.
4	If you live in Pittsburgh, and don't know about Primanti's....then I don't know what to tell you.If you're visiting Pittsburgh, it's a rite of passage of sorts to try one of these classic sandwiches. I always bring visitors here and they're usually satisfied. Meat+fries+coleslaw+Italian bread. It's not fancy food, it's not healthy food, but it's yummy food. My favorites are the kielbasa and capicola. Also can't go wrong with the classic steak. Pro tip: Hot sauce.Confession: I don't like coleslaw, so I always order it without. I always get a hard time about it from staff, but they always do it anyways.Locations other than this one in Market Square include the Strip, Oakland, South Side, any stadium, and a smattering throughout the suburbs.
4	This will be short and sweet. Primanti Brother's - an institution in Pittsburgh, Pennslyvania. I was in town for just a few days working on a campaign event and we decided immediately after our event finished we needed to celebrate with beer, shots, and some ridiculous sandwiches. And when I mean ridiculous, I mean tradition diner style, huge white bread, large grease meat topped with coleslaw and FRENCH FRIES. Yes, each sandwich is finished with fries. The place is classic and charming and goofy and a heart attack just smelling the fumes - but it's fun and unique and the food is quite good if you can avoid thinking about the health affects. The photos should do all the talking needed. At least I can check the box.
4	Definitely a fan of all their sandwiches. Worth the drive from anywhere. And if you're a local and have never eaten here you don't know what you're missing. Definitely a lot of sandwich for the $.  A legendary Pittsburgh establishment through and through.
4	Drooltastic. Visited here back on September 22nd with two newly-made friends whose house in Lawrenceville I'd just CouchSurfed at (yeah, I know, but it ended up being totally fine and a lot of fun). I had the standard Angus steak sandwich thing that comes with fries inside. Very good, very unhealthy, very likely to have it again next time :-)
4	At first I didn't like this place. I tried a few sandwiches and liked the Pittsburgh classic idea more than the actual food. I was about to give up when I tried the roast beef. It's my sandwich every time I go now. I'll be back.
4	I loved my Pgh-style sandwich with cole slaw and fries in it. Wish I could have my sandwich like that everyday! The quality of the bread, and everything in general, was excellent. I would give this place 5 stars instead of 4, but the server was a little out-of-it and didn't get our order right in a couple ways.
3	I was visiting Pittsburgh recently a was told by more than one person that I have to visit Primanti Bros.  We originally planned on the Cherry Way location but were in Market Square and we were starving. We walked in and it was pretty busy.  We waited a few minutes for an empty table and found one.  We cleaned if off ourselves and that was okay with me.  I was pretty excited about this place because of the reviews and other personal recommendations.  I ordered a ham and cheese sandwich and my partner ordered one with more than one type of lunch meat.  The sandwiches were simply sandwiches with coleslaw and French fries on top.  There was nothing special about it and it's something easily made at home.  The price was good.  For a beer, coke, and two sandwiches we got of there for under $20.  The condition of the women's restroom was horrible.  It ruined my appetite.  You'd think with such a reputation that that condition of the restroom would be a bit nicer.  The restaurant itself was in crappy shape as well.  I expect dive bars to look like this.  Next time I'm in Pittsburgh, I won't be coming back to a Primanti Bros.  There's surely better food out there and a better dining environment.
4	People knock on this place - but I always find myself defending it. While it may be overrated for being featured on the food network, it is a pretty good sandwich place (no not just because the portions...while they are generous) The fries are a bit bland but I'm a huge fan of the cole slaw they have there - while it may not be anything "special" it's a classic (not creamy cole slaw mind you). The colossal fish sandwich is pretty good. The cheese steak is not a cheese steak! But that's because I'm from Philadelphia and any cheese steak that isn't made and prepared there is not a cheese steak to me. The only thing is the sanitation there is...questionable.  Just don't think about the sticky surfaces and slimy-ish floors. For a cheap, giant sandwich I'd take the germs any day.
4	Good beer and food was really good but the service was mediocre at best. But I love that I can here the game and not random music by Rihanna
3	This place is basically "the place" you hear about when you say you are going to Pittsburgh. And I am glad I tried it. I can see it being bringing back memories of college days to any alumni.+friendly service. It was day 2 of our cashier/ waitress and I thought she was pretty amazing. +fries are delicious in general, and this place is no exception. +cheap. 6 bucks for a sandwich or burger. You're not in San Francisco anymore. +coke products and not pepsi. Win. -I just don't eat this type of food if I can help it. White bread, well done cheap meat. -Fried everything. So, if you would like a burger with fries, on white bread and are not looking to see a green thing in sight, this is the perfect place and you won't be disappointed. If you are a college student, you should eat here at least 1X per month, if not more.
1	Well, it finally happened: I had to give a place a single star. And it kills me that the place I gave it to had to be Primanti's. I'm an awful Pittsburgher.I don't give low ratings easily or often, so believe me: this place pushed all of my buttons to earn this awful review. In fact, the single star was only earned because the place is cleaner and more comfy than some of the other Primanti places I've been too. It kind of has an old diner feeling to it and I liked that. Alas, that's all I liked.So, why such a low score? Well:The service was terrible. After spending twenty minutes sitting without anyone coming to refill my water or ask for my actual order - note, the place was almost completely empty - I went to the register to ask for something to eat, which I'd started to think I had to do after watching a couple people do the same (in hindsight, I probably misinterpreted their actions, but my mistake does not excuse what happened next). My waiter looked at me and went, "Don't you get the concept of a restaurant? Haven't you been to any restaurants, like, ever? Sit back down and I'll take your order." And not even in a joking manner that made me feel like I could smile about my mistake - this guy was being a condescending, rude, arrogant person. It was unbelievable. Utterly, totally unbelievable. If I hadn't met company there that night, I would have walked out right then.To make matters worse, this was not a good night to order anything at Primanti's. The coleslaw was way too sweet and there was far too much of it, the fries were bland and had no texture at all, and there was barely any meat on my sandwich at all. The result? A big pile of carbs that really didn't taste great after the first few bites, rather than a delicious sandwich.Before you all kill me, please note: I LIKED my meal at Mt. Lebanon's Primanti location. They also have a more diverse menu, which is always a bonus for me - I like having more options. I think in the future, I will stick to that location in this local chain, where even on a busy night I managed to get food in a decent amount of time. I certainly will not be coming to the downtown location if I spot my previous, downright awful waiter working there again.
3	Had to visit the "Famous" Primanti Brother's Bar and Grill during my first visit to Pittsburgh, but most likely will only go back if my friends/family really  want to eat there.Food:  The portions are huge, not very greasy, served nice and hot but over all very bland.  I got the Colossal Fish and Cheese sandwich.  The beer batter fish was a very large piece and by itself was not bad tasting at all (just a little under seasoned.)  The fries were limp and had no seasoning what so ever. The fries were the worse part of the sandwich.  The coleslaw was  very mild, sweet and vinegar base, and by itself it was ok, but put everything together between two slices of white bread and it made for a bland pile of flavorless starch.  The bread was also too soft and did not hold up well at all, and the cheese was nonexistent.  I ended up having to add a ton of salt, pepper and malt vinegar to my sandwich, picked it apart and ate the pieces with my fingers.Price:  For the size of the portions you get, the price is great!  I got two sandwiches and a soda for about $16.  Their sandwiches range from around $6 - $8 each, and are a good value since you will definitely leave full (I took home left overs.)Atmosphere:  After reading a few reviews about the restaurant, I was pleasantly surprised to see that this place was not packed with tourist.  For being such a small dinner, the place was fairly empty so I was able to sit anywhere I liked (being a solo traveler, restaurants often try to stick me at the bar but I prefer to sit at a table.)  The tables were clean and organized well, and each table had a stack of paper menus to look at.  It felt like a comfy, good ol' local dinner where you can casually relax and eat.Staff:  During my visit, the staff was great!  There was only one waitress and one cook, but both were pleasant and greeted me as soon as I walked in.  The waitress was attentive and friendly.  The cook also thanked me for patronizing there while I was leaving.Over all, I basically came here just to say that I visited a famous Pittsburgh restaurant, but I most likely will not go there again.  If I was with friends or family who wanted to go to Primanti's I would go along, but I wouldn't go solo.  The blandness of the food is what kills it for me.  I would rather get a sandwich that is half the size with more flavor, then a huge pile of bland food.
3	I heard good things..after all Primanti Brothers have developed a nice chain in the area.Great service very helpful...I had the guys pick the sandwich for me.  I got There best selling burger....it was a hamburger with fries in it.   Not a fan of the idea.  Overall kinda boring(Sorry) but it is what it is.  The meat tasted like meat which was a nice change but the toppings were just down right sad.  Fries where a  step up from the norm and for a price of under 7 bucks it sure beats any fast food chain.
4	Solid place for a Yuengling and a greasy sandwich. Try the Pittsburgher, a cheesesteak with a heaping helping of cole slaw and fries. A Pittsburgh institution, something that's worth checking out before leaving town.
4	How are there only 5 reviews?  As I understand it, it's a Pittsburgh institution, and who doesn't love french fries on top of a huge sandwich?This particular location, right on Market Square, has great, picturesque dining (though the seat yourself policy is a little difficult, as it's hard to tell who's been waiting for a table and encourages you to hover over other diners to snag an elusive seat on a weekend night).  I loved my bologna sandwich, you can't beat the prices for a place that's loved by locals and demanded by tourists, and I'd be sure to stop back (at any location) when I'm back in the Steel City.
3	This is a neither a yay or nay place for me.  Understanding the underlying concept of the sandwiches from way back when, can make a person appreciate Primanti's for what they are.I ordered the pastrami served on two thick slices of bread, layered with french fries and cole slaw.  Granted, I like my carbs, but this was overload for me.  I wasn't particularly fond of the cole slaw either.  I think this is more of an acquired taste kind of place.  Not that I wouldn't go back, it's okay for an occasional visit.  There are other sandwiches to try.  But if you're used to the true pastrami with Swiss on rye, I wouldn't recommend the sandwich here.The place itself is small and good for a group of four.  Eight if you don't mind sitting at two separate tables that are relatively close to each other.
4	Good sandwiches as you expect, but a bit of a touristic atmosphere.  I'm a stickler for the original in the strip!
5	Years ago I saw Primanti Bros. on the food network while I lived in Ohio. I promised myself that when given the opportunity to try them I would.  I came on a lovely Friday afternoon so all the out door tables were taken. We came inside and sat at the bar. I ordered the bacon sandwich (bacon, fries, cole slaw and a fried egg) while my friend had the colossal fish sandwich. There was some SERIOUS bacon on my sammich! I was taken aback since so many places are stingy with bacon. My sandwich was over indulgent and amazing. I only ate half but took the rest home.
2	We did the obligatory Primanti Bros stop on our recent first visit to Pittsburgh. We can understand how it's a novelty to have fries on everything. But if they're not seasoned well and crisp...what's the point? When a place gets talked up so much, you can't help but have big expectations. We were disappointed...Here's the thing, when you sit down at a restaurant and the table is filthy, the menus have food all over them, and they bring your drinks in Solo cups...Without a doubt, if I were still in college and needed to nurse a hangover, this would probably be a go-to place. My husband ordered the Italian Sausage, which was obscenely big, with good flavor, but again the fries were mush and flavorless. Luckily, we had ordered an additional side of slaw, because that's truly what made the sandwich, which was very tasty. We also ordered the "vegetarian" soup which was good, but I ordered a chix salad because a MASSIVE sandwich with fries and slaw on it was just not calling me. Little did I know, the gimmick of fries on everything meant fries on everything....including my salad. It was really gross to have these tasteless grease piles on my salad which I couldn't even eat. Although we were dining there, the salad came in a plastic to-go box and pre-packaged dressing in a packet. The chicken was like tasteless rubber. We checked of the "Primanti Bros" box, but won't be back.
3	I have eaten better sandwiches but stopping for lunch at Primanti Bros was an overall great experience. I sat inside at the bar where I was afforded a bird's eye view of the grill. You should expect to eat a sandwich with a handful of french fries and a handful of cole slaw smashed on top of whatever meat/cheese combination you may have ordered. I would definitely recommend sitting at the bar to take in the full experience.
4	Don't go on trash night and sit outside, very stinky...
3	Primanti's boasts gigantic sandwiches, topped with fries and cole slaw.  The sandwiches were definitely big enough to share, and they had a pretty good variety.  The Market Square location was very crowded on a Saturday afternoon.  We waited in line about 10 minutes to place our order, and another 25 to get our to-go sandwiches.  No one in our party had their preferences honored (no fries, cole slaw on the side, etc.)  We were a little disappointed in the service.  I had heard praises of the fresh bread, but didn't think it was anything special; by the time we got our sandwiches, it was soggy.There was nowhere to sit, but we were fortunately able to find a table out in Market Square, which was probably better anyway because it was less crowded hectic.As a Cleveland native, growing up with the similar restaurant, Panini's, I was excited to try Pittsburgh's version.  I was sadly disappointed.  The fries were unseasoned, and the cole slaw wasn't your typical mayonnaise base.  It was a perfectly find sandwich, just not all it was hyped up to be.
3	Can't go to Pittsburgh and not try one of their sandwiches! A bit overrated in my option though... Sandwiches are huge, but the fries they stuff the sandwiches with are very dry and soggy, and not crispy at all! This is definitely one of those restaurants you go to, just to say you have!
4	You can't go to Pittsburgh and not get Primanti Bros.  For my fellow Detroiters it's like not going to Coney Island when friends are in town.    Sandwiches are great - all of them come with coleslaw and frenchfries (ON the sandwich).  They have a full bar at this location.   It was in the high 80's with high humidity so a Blue Moon went perfect with our meals.
1	I can't for the life of me figure out why all the hype. I was warned by others that this is mainly where tourists eat. But I'm a tourist here, and wanted to try it.It was a sandwich mostly of slaw and fries.  The thick white bread was dry and boring; too crusty. The fries on the sandwich overpowered the taste! So I dismantled it. When the rude server asked how I liked it, I was honest. He gave me big time attitude and commented that I took it apart. I told him, I took it apart because it was a horrible sandwich (the pastrami, by the way). And that, sir, is why you got a $0.35 tip! (never give a zero tip, they'll think you forgot, always leave just a small amount of change)If you have to put all that hot sauce on the sandwich to make it palatable, why bother?  (The server, as he walked away, told me it's really good with hot sauce, which was just Tabasco, which I don't like, any way!)They left off the tomato that supposedly comes with each sandwich!Of the 4 staff members I came in contact with, all but 1 were rude, unfriendly and uncaring. One constantly walked by trash that had blown off outdoor tables without picking it up.The fries were good. Nope, won't be back.
4	Yeah, yeah, yeah, it gets a lot of hype. But you know what? The hype is worth it. I had the turkey sandwich.  Those fries! That slaw!  Those two ingredients make the sandwich. And a pint of Yuengling to wash it down.  Not my favorite beer (let's just call it how it is- I'm a beer snob), but it was $3.25 for a pint! Cold and refreshing on a hot day, and I *was* in PA, so it would have been sacrilegious not to try it. Not a fancy venue. They don't even serve their food on plates. Just on butcher paper. It's a bar, whaddya want? In fact, I rather enjoy the casual atmosphere. It just fits. I made lunchtime friends there, too. Truth be told, I was pretty tired and not feeling super social, but I think about 3 people came up and started conversations with me. (I blame it on my dashing good looks- yeah. I am *sure* that's it.)  Good eats. And totally cheap.  My entire lunch was like 12 bucks with the tip. It was hearty, filling, and I was very satisfied.  French fries & slaw on sandwiches is the best thing since.....(dare I say it?)......sliced bread.....
2	Disappointed, big time.Local info lauds this place as an institution.I say: pass.  The sandwich was soggy, bland, and just all-around not good.I didn't get sick from it, so that's a bonus.  Choose wisely.  Go to Meat & Potatoes instead, and order a sandwich there.
2	My sister-in-law, husband, and I visited this Primanti Bros from all the hype we'd been hearing about it. I have to say its overrated. I wasn't impressed with my sandwich at all. I ordered the chicken breast, my hubby got the fish, and my SIL got the steak. It had thick white bread, an overload of cole slaw, and fries. I don't think the "meat" you order makes a difference in the bland taste, as it's overpowered by the slaw and fries. The bread was dry on the crust and yet soggy from the slaw/oil from fries. The wait staff wasn't friendly either. They seemed to have the "I don't need try to so hard because we're busy no matter what" attitude. We had to go up to the bar to get refills on our drinks after waiting over 10 min. for the waitress to notice we were out. The place was constantly busy due to the full bar and nostalgic feel of the restaurant; it had it's own local charm. I'm glad to say I tried it, however I probably wouldn't go back on our next visit.
4	Overhyped?  Over-televised?  Yes and yes.  However, they still make a very unique, bad-ass sandwich.Let it be known that I don't really like cole slaw.  Nonetheless, I liked their slaw atop my mountain of a sandwich.  And how can you go wrong topping anything with fries?   Fun place with a fun menu and good sandwiches.  It isn't the Best Food in the Universe, so some folks who build the place up in their mind after seeing it 14 times on the food channel are bound to be disappointed.  But if you take it for what it really is...  Well, you should walk out happy.
5	Yum, yum, yum.It just doesn't get better than a Primanti Brothers Sandwich with an Iron City beer.Eating at the counter is a must.This one is even better than the Primanti Bros on The Strip.
4	Nice menu and good service I recommend
3	I was first excited that it's one of those places they review on the Food Network where they make specialty sandwiches, NYC style.In reality, their food is not that great. Yes, the sandwiches are huge, come with fries inside, and a ton of meat, etc. But I've definitely had better.I was disappointed that the salads are premade; the ones you'd buy at a super market or gas station. I mean it is a casual place, but I was at least expecting a fresh salad.In short, if you're on Market Square and are hungry for inexpensive (considering some of the other options there) and mediocare quick meal, you should give it a try.
1	I've heard all the hype and wanted to try it.  Tonight was my second attempt here.   First time, new girl on the grill apologized to me at 10 minutes, at 15 I walked.  Not even an acknowledgement from the wait staff.   Tonight, the waiter seemed mad that I didn't know what I wanted to order.  After I explained that I'd never been there, he brought me a menu and then proceeded to ignore me for 10 minutes.  I walked again.  No more tries here.  Maybe I'm doing something wrong?  Haha.
4	This joint makes excellent sandwiches. I ordered the fish sandwich and it was delicious! First off, its huge, and cheap. They stuff the sandwiches with cole slaw and fries (yummy). You really can't go wrong here. The place is usually packed to the brim, so you need to get in early before it gets full, which it will. Once it gets busy, the service gets worse. If you're in the area, its definitely worth a try.
1	Had lunch here while visiting friends in the area .... After seeing all the hype about this place on various tv food shows I was very excited to eat hear . WOW ,,, what a dissapointment , This place is so over hyped it isnt funny . To compare this place to the famous sandwich places is NYC is a joke . The sandwiches may be big , but only because they are over stuffed with fries and cole slaw . To steal a line from a old TV commercial .... WERE'S THE BEEF .....  A major major dissapointment .
4	Dieters and supermodels stay away...there is nothing for you here.Great big honking sandwiches.  You've seen them on TV and maybe they seem like a gimmick, but they really work.  Love the corned beef especially.  This location is not as "real" as the one down in the Strip District, but it's pretty cool.There's a long line to order but it moves fairly fast.  Getting your food is a different story, so don't come here in a rush.  However, do come here.  If it's too crowded in the restaurant (or at their outdoor tables), then grab a table in the Market Square across the street and ingest these delicious gutbombs.   They also have a great beer selection so you can finish a pint or two while you're waiting for your grub.
2	If you like sandwiches with french fries piled on them, go for it.   But no good sandwich needs nonsense like that.  These are not very good sandwiches to begin with and adding soggy fries doesn't help.  Not to mention the bread is not fresh and is just a thick, bland wonder-bready thing.  I appreciate that they're not aiming at  customers like me.  Big sloppy sandwiches are fun for a lot of people so I hate to be a party pooper, but I don't think the quality is there.
1	I was really looking forward to a huge tasty sandwich but was greatly disappointed! Everything was bland, nothing had seasoning, not even basic salt. Soggy fries, tasteless meat, average coleslaw on white bread trying to double for Italian bread. Save your time, money and calories and go to Wendy's instead.
3	I was in Pittsburgh for a wedding and one of the places my gf who was with me wanted to eat at was Primanti Bros. You can either sit at table inside or outside and eat there or stand in the "to go" line. Since there were no tables available and we only had a few hours before the wedding, we opted to go. I ordered the italian sausage sandwich. So side note, we didn't eat the entire day, so in the moment, the sandwich hit the spot....in an okay way. I didn't think it was anything spectacular but the portion was pretty big. I did like the use of coleslaw instead of lettuce, not too keen on the fries, which is like carb overload.So afterwards I asked myself, if I wasn't so starving, would I go back and eat a sandwich from there again? And the answer was, probably not. But you satiated my appetite, so thank you.
4	I can see why people come here....the prices are great and the sandwiches are huge....after the bf saw Primanti Bros on one of the food networks, he made it a point to have a sandwich here when we made an overnight stop in Pittsburgh.  The waitress recommended the pastrami, so we shared it....I wasn't sure how this whole fries and slaw thing was going to work, but it did...it was tasty and yummy.
3	I wanted Pittsburgh food, and the internets sent me here.  Do not be intimidated to walk in this dump.  I went to the take out line and ordered a spicy sandwich something or another.  The bartenders are either overworked or just don't give a shit cause I waited for a while before ordering.  But stay strong, and look them down until they take your order. PS make sure you get sauce in those little packets.  Sammich is at best 6/10 but is comes with fries on the sandwich, fries!! Isn't that crazy everyone, fries on a sandwich!
1	Super slow service. They have inside and outside seating which is nice. However, they only have two waitresses outside for about 20 tables. They don't take your entire order they only take your drink order and then your good order. It took 10 minutes to get our drink order. After finally getting our drinks she waited another ten minutes to come get our food. When we ordered our food when I asked for light coleslaw she said they can't do that and for me to just take it off. She explained that they just put fistfuls on it. So why can't they just put less fistfuls on it? Our waitress was very rude and didn't make me feel welcomed at all. She never introduced herself and just treated us like animals. I would never tell anybody to go to the Primanti Brothers again downtown. The one in Oakland is so much nicer and better quality. It's really bad management to have only two people serving outside when there are over 20 tables. It's not fair for the customers or for the servers. While the food was good as always it wasn't worth the wait because it just took to long. The service wasn't nice at all and I wouldn't tell anybody to come here when it's crowded.
5	First time ever in Pittsburg and had to have Primanti Bros. Sandwich was awesome! (Cheesesteak) and a tall Yuengling to go with. Perfection!
4	In Pittsburgh it seems french fries are treated more like a condiment than a side. I'm not much of a sandwich fan but  Primanti's really does serve up a huge and filling sandwich for a decent price.
4	Went to primantis while getting ready to enjoy the football fame the next day. We walked in and had no clue what to do or what to get. A gentleman yelled at us saying two seats at the bar. Thanked him and sat down. We sat long enough to take pictures. Ordered  two beers came back ordered our sandwiches. Yummy! Nice people behind the counter...
2	This place holds a nostalgic appeal for people born and raised in Pittsburgh who grew up eating here. If that experience is what your looking for, please visit. If you're looking for a tasty meal, go somewhere else. 5 stars for history, 0 for food quality and flavor.
2	I just moved here back in September and one of the first places i was told to go for great food was Primanti Bros. The food was great as I was told from several people from the area and back home.What I was not happy with was the setting policy and service. Just to get a seat here I had to wait standing up watching people eat like a creepy stalker just to see who would get up first and finally when I got a seat no one cleaned our table for a while or even took our order cause no one even knew we had been seated. If we were bad people we could have stolen the check from the last table as they had paid with cash. Once we got a servers attention and got the table cleared and our drinks and food ordered the server forgot our drinks and when we where finally able to flag her down our food came out not even 5 minutes later. In total about a 30-40 minute wait from arrival to food. Don't even think about getting a refill I had to walk in and ask the bartender for refills for me and my family after being ignored several times. When we were done we wanted to leave but couldn't till we paid the bill and because we paid with credit card we had to wait for the server to return with our card. It took so long and with other people looking at us to get the hell up so they could sit we just walked in to retrieve the card at was just sitting on the back of the bar and had not yet been processed so I had to wait again.Food can only get you so far, so my suggestion is if you want a good Food and can wait an hour feel free and come here. If you don't have the time just go next door to the Subway.
4	I really like a good sandwich. I like a nicely loaded sandwich with more toppings than I can handle. This place has those super large messy sandwiches that required a ton of energy to eat. There are so many things going on in this world that I am unaware of. There is always one thing that i can count on and that is a sandwich from this resturant.
3	I like sandwich and stuff as much as anyone else. this place was pretty good. The prices were good also. the staff was good. Everything worked out the way it should. There were no negative surprise. No poistive surprises either. It was a nice resturant.
2	Returned to Pittsburgh, Ate at Primanti a 2nd time:I stand by my decision: Pass.
4	Primantis is the ideal Pittsburgh sandwich. Fries, coleslaw, provolone, whatever meat you'd like in between the famous mancinis bread. I love this location especially because of the hours. Living downtown it's hard to find places to eat late at night but the market Sqaure primantis is open till 12 o'clock 7 days a week. I've tried variations of the sandwich but my favorite so far is the pastrami. I went tonight and I'll be back again the near future.
3	Got a sandwich to go so I can't give a full review but when I ate it, the fries were soggy and SOO greasy.  I had the bag in my purse and the grease leaked through and eventually broke the bag.  Really want to eat in there next time since everyones sandwiches looked yummy.Their vegetable soup was great!  The people who work there are the best.  Amazing service.
5	Not sure that I could eat here more than once every 10 years, but I'll take my chances. I suppose it helps that my doctor's office is 2,500 miles away and the chances are slim that I'll run into him here.
4	I heard this place stacks fries and cole slaw onto your sandwich so I gotta try it. I ordered the drunk duck drink and it was fantastic. I got to keep the little rubber ducky on top of my drink too :)  As for the sandwich, I got the deluxe double egg and cheese.  The portion was HUGE and very messy!  More messy than boogers coming out from a runny nose.  The sandwich I got was really good and filling.  I would recommend this place for visitors from afar and who happens to be in the neighborhood.
1	I had lived outside of Pittsburgh for a couple of years and have eaten at this Primanti Brothers location four or five times. Their sandwiches were always tasty, worth the wait and the trouble of finding parking etc. So, when my parents came to visit, and we made a trip out that-a-way, I knew that would be a lunch stop. We ended up coming into Pittsburgh on Sunday around 1pm. I knew it would be crowded and anticipated having a wait. We got a table after 15 to 20 minutes and quickly sat down before someone else did. It took the waitress about 10 minutes to come and clear the previous customers remnants, which was ok. We ordered our beers and were told that she'd come back and take our order. She came back 20 minutes later, with the beers and took our order. After that, we sat around and waited for our sandwiches for 35 minutes. When we did finally get our food, it was ice cold. The fries in the sandwich were completely soggy and cold, and the meat was barely warm. Our table ran out of napkins, and we asked for some, but they never came, finally, the table next to ours handed us a few. Maybe it was because it was cold, but the sandwiches weren't that great. I had very little meat in mine, and more coleslaw that anything else. Also, the thickness of the bread seems to have increased since I last ate here because about 60% of my sandwich was bread. We were fairly disgruntled about the whole thing, but were still going to leave a tip for the waitress. Then, my dad went to the bar to pay. He stood there for 10 minutes, behind another customer. The server came up to them and said 'what the hell are you doing up here?', in those words!! My dad was so stunned be just stood there, the guy in line ahead of him told her that he was waiting to pay his bill, so she cashed him out and then turned around to do something else, when my dad said 'excuse me, i need to pay too', she replied to him ' Jeez, you guys are so demanding! Why the hell are you in such a hurry". That is when their tip went straight out the door with us. We were ok waiting for a table, we were even ok waiting for our food; it took them one hour from the time we sat down, to the time we got our food, and then the server had the audacity to behave in that manner. Either Primanti Brothers has become too big for their boots and let things slide, or they need to train their staff to be more polite and efficient. We will definitely not be coming back the next time we are in town. Our money is better spent else where.
2	Bread, slaw, tomato, fries, and a small piece of overcooked fish all piled together. Warm yiengling and mediocre service.   Aweful
5	Super friendly staff. Got there in the morning before the lunch rush. He sandwich is huge and delicious.
2	Had such high hopes for this place on our visit to Pittsburgh.  The presentation of the sandwiches were making my mouth water, there's a lot of good things going on in the ingredients...In theory, this should've resulted in a bold flavor taste explosion, but I found myself severely let down by all of the bland ingredients piled high in front of me.  The pastrami was terrible, the coleslaw weak, and the fries were bland, dry, and flavorless.  Still bummed, my guess is that this place I more of a tourist draw now than a legit sandwich shop.
3	I'm from Cleveland Ohio and I just moved to Pittsburgh and I heard about this restaurant and how great it was I decided to check it out. The first time I attempted to walk in and order food I was completely ignored by all staff I encountered that day I left and didn't plan on returning. I decided to give it another chance and I went back to the market square location once again. I was greeted by a server and was told to have a seat at the bar to order food and I did so, and was almost immediately asked what i would like to order.I asked the guy taking my order on what he would recommend to order and he was very knowledgable of the menu items and I ordered a steak and cheese with and order of chili cheese fries. I would have to say that the sandwich was really bland and the fries are spectacular but the chili tasted canned and processed. My third and final time going was by far the best. I came in and was greeted immediately once again and had my order taken during during an extremely busy lunch rush, where I ordered a Cajun chicken and an order of fries the sandwich was amazing with great flavors and really filling and the fries are great as usual. With this I would absolutely recommend at least trying it once if you never have.
4	Saw this place on TV awhile back and finally made a stop by here on a Sunday when I came from New York to visit my girlfriend who goes to school at Point Park. Steelers and Pirates gear on the walls and on the people (Do you Pittsburgh-ers own a Steelers t-shirt for everyday of the week?)Anyway we were both a little groggy that morning, I plowed into a pastrami sandwich which came on thick cut slices of soft white bread (each slice was probably an inch thick), cheese (white american? provolone? who the hell knows?), sweet (vinegar dressed?) cole slaw, tomato slices, and of course a handful of their fresh cut fries smashed right on top. My girlfriend got the fries w/ chili, cheese, and bacon and they were really good. Wash it all down with some beer. Tastes better when watching a NY Giants game!
5	how can you not be a fan of a huge pile of whatever you ordered with fresh cut fries, tangy coleslaw, cheese, and tomato smooshed between 2 thick slices of fresh italian bread?  if you aren't, there is something seriously wrong with you.  oh, and don't forget to pair it with a yuengling and a whole bunch of the cayenne pepper sauce.  also - make sure to say 'hi' to lefty!  he'll appreciate that.
3	Visiting Pittsburgh from out of town, so naturally I asked my hosts to take me to Primanti's (and they were happy to oblige).  We went to the one at "PPG." The place was busy but not crowded on a Friday night.  The menu was on the wall along with murals of Pittsburgh's finest sports starts.Our server was quick and efficient and we never were in need of refills or anything else.I got the Pitts-burgher cheese steak and we tried an order of the Smallman Street Fries.  The fries were truly loaded.  The chili had a nice kick to it and there was literally an ice cream scoop of sour cream on top.  However, the fries were actually seasoned that well and were under done in my opinion.  That didn't bode well for the fries on the sandwich, but I kept my hopes high.The sandwich comes out and its a monster.  I love the italian bread, the beef patty and cheese, the slaw was good (shredded cabbage, not like southern cole slaw).  Everything was fresh but, again, the fries were the worst part.  Underdone, underseasoned.  Definitely my least favorite part.Nonetheless, I would definitely return because I want to try some of the other menu items.  I've heard double-meat is the way to go.  I'm intrigued.
3	Primanti Bros is the dirty guilty pleasure that I give into once a year.Most times, when out of towners ask for a local spot to eat, I'm one of the few that actually pushes them AWAY from this defacto Burgh tradition.  Don't get me wrong, Primanti's isn't bad, but it isn't exactly great either.  Typically I end up smothering mine in hot sauce and salt/pepper to get some flavor onto otherwise bland sandwiches.With that said, every once in awhile, I get this odd, insatiable craving for a cap and egg sandwich (w/ onion)... and when I do cave to that temptation, it's oddly satisfying.On the experience front, Primanti's is definitely one of a kind.  I don't know of anywhere else you can get burly bartenders to slam down a mess of a sandwich in wax paper on your table (something the suburban restaurants fail to provide).  If you're going to go, I highly suggest going either to the original in the Strip, or, if you don't feel like waiting in line during the busy times, the Market Square location.
1	Worst service ever.  The waitress and I use that term loosely rolled her eyes at any question when ordering and yelled at someone at the table for asking for coleslaw on the side.  Then she had to come back and re ask the orders again and got mad when we repeated about the coleslaw since she didn't repeat it back.  When she brought out the food she just slammed the food down and just shouted out the name of one of the sandwiches um are you asking who had which sandwich which is your job to remember anyways.  I'm glad I don't live in Pittsburgh to have to worry about avoiding this place.
4	Stopped by two times this weekend as I was in the area again). Get an egg thrown in the mix on your sandwich. Tried the pittsburgher cheesesteak, I was expecting a regular burger patty or sliced steak, ended up being a weird patty almost like a meatloaf (not a burger). Not sure I'd order that again. Pastrami and cheese was still good. Wish the egg came a little runny.
4	My partner wanted to try a Pittsburgh cheesesteak sandwich and we read this was the best place to go. I don't like fries and I don't eat cheese, but I still loved my sandwich! I ordered the chicken sans cheese and fries, of course. The cole slaw was very good; I loved that it didn't have mayo in it and the flavor was great. Our waitress recommended that we try their hot sauce on the sandwiches and so glad we did because it really spiced it up and made the sandwich even better. My partner ordered the real deal and said it was delicious as well! We also ordered a "small" beer, which is a full 12 oz glass, pretty sweet deal. Highly recommend this place
1	Can I give this place ZERO stars? They're supposively "famous" for their sandwiches so some friends and I go when we are in town. The waitresses all rolled their eyes and glared at me for not wanting my fries on top of my sandwich. (Not to mention the waitress was in the skimpiest tank top with her bra hanging out while waiting on us and grilling food. Gross.) I get that your famous for having fries on the sandwich but regardless, a customer should be able to get what they want. This place was trashy, dirty and probably not even up to code.
5	This spot was the light of my life for about 3 solid weeks. From the first bite I could tell that parting ways with Pittsburgh would be heartbreaking. After driving out of pittsburgh and paying my friend for his leftover half a sandwich, I knew that id made a special connection. To that bacon egg and cheese waiting for me, I miss xou and cant wait to hold xou again.
4	Just the same as always! Good and fun! The food shows bring in too many lookie lous that want to order some kind of foo foo salad though........
1	This is the most overrated place bragged about in Pittsburgh. My first visit was to the one in South Hills. Waited 90 mins for 4 sandwiches. The coleslaw is gross and I'm a fan of coleslaw. Due to the 90 min wait I was given a gift card which I used at the one in Market Square. This time I got the grilled chicken salad. If you like chewing on rubber bands, I recommend it. It was the absolute worst salad I've ever had, how can you screw up a salad? The chicken was tasteless and rubbery. Got it to go and the girl who took the order over the phone was rude and rushed and was equally rude when I picked it up. She assumed she knew my name and my order and handed me a random bag of food. I told her I was missing a sandwich and she tossed another bag at me without saying a word. I will NEVER go back to any of these locations. I'd rather eat a ham sandwich from Sheetz. At least I can get that without an attitude. If you have friends coming to visit from out of town, take them anywhere but here. And for those who say you have to go to the original one in the Strip, no thanks, it's the same food. If you are looking for an awesome sandwich go to Schmitz Old World Deli in Greenfield.
3	I would give it 3.5 stars. It was a solid sandwich for sure. I got the corned beef which was tasty the only thing I wish they added was some kind of sauce. I'm not sure if that comes on other sandwiches but it could have used some kind of mustard. The price is great too, four sandwiches , two orders of pickles, coleslaw, fries and beer for about 40 bucks. Can't complain about that! I would definitely
4	In Pittsburgh visiting Carnegie Mellon U and was told we had to come here. I ordered the local famous burger. Can't remember the name but it was really good. The bartender was cool and the atmosphere was dope too. Cool place. I'd spend my money there again.
5	What a great place with great eats!  Awesome sandwiches - I had a taste of two sandwiches half a pastrami and a capicola and both were topped off by Coleslaw and French Fries. Which went down nicely with out Iron City beers!
2	I ordered a fave of diners, the Pittsburger. cheesesteak.  It's a burger with cheese coleslaw, French fries  all piled between 2 thick pieces of bread. Looked ok.  It, however, didn't work for me. The coleslaw was great though!!It's not much of a cheesesteak. It's a weird burger. That burger seemed like a fried frozen burger. Not much cheese either. My crew had the kielbasa sandwich and the ham sandwich respectively. They looked great. I don't think fries on my sandwich works for me either. I can't hold it against them though. I chose poorly. I think they are probably good though. My motto: eat food you recognize.
5	Okay so I will forever be a fan and will make this a stop every time I'm in PA! The service was laid back but attentive and that pastrami Sammie fully loaded was utter nirvana :) such a cool staple for Pittsburg and I can't wait to go back!
3	Good place to have a sandwich. Outside tables were a nice place to sit and enjoy the city. Slaw was excellent!
3	My brother mentioned that he'd heard about this place in Pittsburgh that puts coleslaw and fries on their sandwiches. Sounded good and I was in town so I thought I'd give it a shot! I went around 4 pm on a Saturday and it was pretty busy! Usually a good sign. There were only about 3 people in front of me in the takeout line, so it shouldn't have taken long for me to place an order, right? Wrong. It took maybe 15-20 minutes for those 3 orders to be taken because nobody would commit themselves to working the register. While waiting in line, I got to see all these mouthwatering sandwiches being made. Once I placed my order, it didn't take long to come out...So I got a Pittsburgh cheese steak, their #2 most popular item (don't ask what their #1 is...the guy will roll his eyes and unenthusiastically say, "beer.") Long story short, what I ended up with was a bland, lukewarm beef party with bland soggy fries on top. The cold lettuce and tomato cooled the sandwich even more. I enjoyed the coleslaw on top, which is pretty much all I ended up eating from the sandwich. And a few limp fries. Disappointing.
3	Had to try this while in Pittsburgh. Ate the first half of my sandwich with the slaw & the fries but by the time I got to the second half I took the fries off because they were cold. I had the pastrami & asked for extra cheese. Didn't get the extra cheese. Feel like the sandwiches are missing something. Might be good with a thousand island dressing or "secret sauce". Underwhelmed but still recommend trying it at least once for the experience.Market square location was confusing because seat yourself but wasn't clear.
5	AMAZING Sandwich!!   It was a great atmosphere in Market Square in the middle of Pittsburgh.  Nothing fancy, sandwich comes in paper and the drinks are in paper cups but the sandwich's are awesome.  I first saw this restaurant on Man vs Food and it looked great, the restaurant did not  disappoint!
5	Primanti bros has the best corned beef sandwich in the east, and the coleslaw, fries and tomato right on the sandwich made it totally unique. Oh and they also have a great craft beer selection.
3	My Order: Pitts-Burger (ok) & Raspberry Lemon Tea (not bad; sweet) Pros: - notably, PB was called "the place" to go to in Pittsburg- they put fries & coleslaw into their burgers (novelty idea) due to the history of Pittsburgh (and the working class men) - customize-able: you can put eggs, extra meat, etc. in your sandwich- I sat on the second floor and was able to overlook the first floor & the open-designed kitchen (which was pretty neat) Cons:- to be honest, I didn't think it was anything special. Just fries & coleslaw added into the burger as opposed to being a side- no parking... Nonetheless, it's something worth trying if you're new to Pittsburgh. But would I go back? Probably not.
2	Alright so being from Texas I'm used to lots of seasoning, lots of flavor, and lots of heat if things are supposed to be spicy.  This sandwich shop lacks all of those things.  This was my first shot at local food (I think it's local, that's what I was told), and definitely nothing to write home about.  They did have some decent draft beer options but no one in my group of 10 said they would come back.  Try another "local" joint if you have an option.
1	Service sucked big time on Monday, June 9, at the Primanti's in Market Square. It took more than a half hour for my wife to get a cheese steak and the place wasn't even crowded. Missed the first inning of the Pirates game as a result. Boo!
5	My friend and I stumbled in here during a road trip to Maryland.  I'm so glad we did.  I had never heard of the place before and we went there because the breakfast place around the corner hadn't even taken our drink order after 20 min of being seated. It was morning and there really wasn't much open in the area.  We weren't sure we wanted lunch food that early, but we didn't really have a choice.  Boy, am I glad we did! It was fantastic! No hype, no frills just good-a** food! Fried egg on my sandwich? Yes please! We weren't even that hungry and both my friend and I devoured our sandwiches!  And out of respect to the sandwich and sandwich makers, didn't leave a bit behind! We didn't have to eat for the next 48 hours, however haha. Just coleslaw and fries on a sandwich, what's the big deal?  Sometimes the simple things really are the best.  Now I have a reason to go back to Pittsburg!
2	Highly disappointing. While sandwich is unique it was totally over cooked and under seasoned. No flavor
3	I found the sandwich I ate at Primanti Bros to be quite tasty!  As others have mentioned, the signature toppings of cole slaw (which I normally loathe, but, in this case, loved!), french fries and cheese accompany any of your "meat" choices for a sandwich.  The menu is limited, and there are no frills or false pretenses here.  I would definitely eat here again!  I had the fish and cheese sandwich, and it was outstanding!  I can't give the place 5 stars, because it didn't completely wow me, and the others in my party were a little disappointed.  I think they may have just made bad choices for their "meat" (kielbasa and the Pittsburgher), but I doubt I could get them to try it again.  But hey for only a little over $6 per sandwich, can one really complain?  Delicious!  I'll go back without 'em.  ;)  Not a lot of tables, and not even sure it's air conditioned, so don't bring your fancy clothes or your roaming toddler.  ;)
2	So an honest review.  Bland.  Service good prices cheap but food very bland and pre made.  I ordered the new black bean burger sandwich.  Bread not toasted, burger tasted a lot like my morning star black bean burger that I get frozen.  Cole sale was a lot better with the hot sauce I smothered on it.  The best part was by far the fries which weren't all that great.  I am glad that those were home made.  I picked all the bread off ate mostly the fries and was not very impressed.  The beer makes everything tastes better so order at least two beers before eating.  I'm not a big foodie but I like my food taste better.  I still ate because I was hungry and it's not uneatable, just bland and kinda of boring.  It's still a must do in Pitts so go ahead and do it at least once, but skip the rest of your stay.
4	I always try to hit this location when I'm in town. Great staff menu is solid & a Pittsburgh tradition.
1	Great food overall at all locations! Go to another location to eat though. The Market Square location has the most horrible service I've ever experienced. Horrible!
2	i guess if you are in Pittsburgh and you want to do Pittsburgh things you have to grab a Primanti Bros sandwich but it isn't that good of a sandwich. Pittsburgh is loaded with great places to eat.  you can certainly do better.  having said that, i  totally get grabbing a Primanti Bros if you are in Pitt.
4	I was brought here by some natives for some Pittsburgh gastroculture.   I had a Pittsburgh-Burgh cheesesteak, and was greeted by a gargantuan sandwich that I was to learn had both fries and cole slaw IN the sandwich.   Interesting!   Ultimately, a little too filling, but well done and with excellent service.
5	This is my go-to place after a Pirate game to wait out the traffic. When it isn't busy the service is great and you can get a quick, cheap bite to eat. Always great to sit outside as well.
4	I was recommended here by a friend as a place to cross off the Pittsburgh "bucket list". I ended up getting the Pittsburger - it met my expectations, which was above average to begin with. I'd definitely come back here again.
5	First time going...and I LOVED IT! Great service, tasty food, and a "hometown" ambiance. I'm not from Pittsburgh, but this place definitely made me feel at home. The portions are huge! My only regret is that I didn't try to split a meal w/ my girlfriend.
1	Service was bad. Server walked away before we were done ordering and then when someone got her attention she had to return 5 minutes later to re clarify which it was wrong. We didn't see her for a good 20 minutes and had to go up to the bar for refills. She did take one of our cups to refill it, sat it on the bar and left it there for 10 minutes, when we finally saw her again had to ask her to grab it off the bar. Highly disappointing Philly cheesesteak!! The meat in it is that of a frozen Salisbury steak TV dinner!! French fries were good.
3	Oh yeah! After some difficulties in securing dinner, my dad and I found ourselves at one of the billion Primanti's locations for a quick feast. I haven't ever been happier to see Angry Orchard on the menu, and once my dad was settled with a Blue Moon, we got to business - kielbasa for me, Angus steak for him, and fried pickles to start. The pickles were 5 star deliciousness! I just loved them, and may have pushed my dad out of the way to claim the last as my own. The sandwiches were yummy too! I loved the kielbasa itself, but had to hunt to find the promised cheese. The coleslaw is really excellent - tangy and light, and I personally like it a lot on the sandwich itself. The fries were less excellent. I don't know if they would have been better on the side rather than on the sandwich, but they were kind of cold, soggy, and unsalted. Didn't stop me from eating them, though. I think that if the fries were better, this would be a 4 star establishment.
4	Good prices and a Pittsburgh Classic. Kolbassi sandwich with Fries? Yum. Spicy rub pickles? Yum. Good beer, too. Nice outside seating but beware the pigeons, sit-down and counter service,
5	A Pittsburgh staple! Highly recommend to out-of-towners & Pittsburghers alike. Add hot sauce! It's amazing! I wish they would put one in the Pittsburgh Airport!
3	I had a cheeseburger and it was decent. I'm not a fan of coleslaw which made the burger a little dry after taking it off. I'll have to give something else a try the next time I am in town.
1	First Yelp review ever. Not impressed at all! 45% bread, 25% cole slaw, 25% fries, and 5% meat. The bread is cold and not grilled or warmed on the grill. Avoid and eat else where. Don't even think about the wings (dry and no flavor).
2	There are some places that are better when you grow up or at least have memories while eating at a restaurant. This was highly recommended to us while visiting Pittsburgh. First, we were disappointed by how many places were closed on a Sunday. We wanted bar type food with a couple of drinks. We were told to go there by several people. I got the capacola, great concept putting the coleslaw and fries in the sandwich but it just tasted bland to me. I asked for them to toast the bread but they said they couldn't do it because it sticks to the grill... "Can't put a piece of bread on the grill?" Again, when there a memories of this place I am sure the sandwich taste better than they really are. But as an outsider judging the food alone, it was sub par.
3	There was a lot of hype leading up to a visit to Primanti Bros.I was very excited and wanted badly to love it.  The place was packed, but the service was friendly and on top of it the whole time we were there, despite having a group of seven.The Pitts-burgher: fries, coleslaw, cheese steak --all on a single sandwich.  I expected a taste explosion in my mouth, but somehow, everything just seemed to cancel everything out.  The Cheese-steak was just a burger.  The fries were mushy and undefined.  The only thing I could kind of taste was the slaw, and it was not my favorite.  I'm saddened to say, I left half my sandwich completely untouched on the table when I left.
2	I had the famous Pitts-Burger and it was disgusting! The only reason I'm giving it two stars is because of the bread. The bread is super soft and tasty but the meat was gross and the cole slaw was bitter. I don't see what the hype is all about!
2	If you've been to Pittsburgh you know what to expect from a Primanti Sandwich. When I'm in the mood for them, they are fantastic. So when my mother and aunt came to visit da Burgh for the first time they were intensely curious about local restaurants, and this one came up. They thought it sounded fun and different, but since one is pescatarian leaning to the veg side, and the other is gluten intolerant, I really didn't think Primanti would be the best place to take them.Walking around down town we passed this one, and they wanted to sit down and give it a try. It was a beautiful day so we sat outside, which was really amazing. We were also amazed by our server. By the end of the meal, we were amazed she remembered to show up at work at all. In fact, its a distinct possiblility that she didn't ever work there, and was just confused and thought she was at the greek place across the square. You don't go to a sandwich shop to be blown away by your server, but there is a minimum standard you should aspire to, and she was far off that mark.She took forever to get there, but it was no hardship sitting outside on a beautiful day with two of my favorite gals. We talked about the menu, Auntie decided to order anything with no bread, with some loaded fries. Mom wanted a sardine sandwich, but only if its the sardine filets, she doesn't like the kind with bones. She is not one to make a fuss, so figured cheese and egg would be fine too. When she came around for drinks, they got a water and a pop. I asked if she had PBR, and she replied she didn't know. Then continued to stand there, pen in hand, ready to write my drink order down. OK then, how about I just have a diet pop. Before she ran off, we ordered our meals. I asked her if the sardines have bones in them or not. She looked up from her note pad and looked at me with a look that said {insert foul insult here} and shrugged. A big, slow, deliberate shrug. Not a word. And then just stood there waiting to write my order down. After a good, long, awkward pause, she said "I don't know."  All three of us just looked back at her, waiting, until eventually she sighed, held her pad down by her side, and with a big roll of the eyes, asked if I wanted her to check. Yes. Please do.So then she ran off, and started running food out to tables all around and refilling drinks. Running the sandwiches, she would grab two or three tables at a time, and then put all the sandwiches down, sort of paw through them to see what was what, and leave theirs and take the rest. It was just strange.She came back, and without looking up announced "Don't matter, we are out of sardines anyways."Facepalm! From the length of time she had been inside the restaurant, I doubt she even asked. Mom, very uncomfortable that her question had become such a horrible inconvenience, asked for egg and cheese. Auntie ordered loaded fries to start, then her corned beef with no bread. The waitress told her she already gets fries with her sandwich, but she wanted them anyways. I got balogna, just because neither of them would ever guess what jumbo means.Of course, the order came out quickly, and wrong. Mine was fine the way it came, but not what I asked for. Mom was the same. Auntie was fine, but no loaded fries every showed up. Until we got the check, that's where they were. Getting those taken off was another huge inconvenience to our poor server. My Aunt picked up lunch, and left the tip. I don't know what she left, but I think that probably amazed the server as much as her server amazed us. All in all, I reckon she enjoyed our lunch together just as much as we did.
4	I was pleasantly surprised!  I went in with low expectations after seeing the so-so reviews and hearing from people that it's not all it's cracked up to be.  Got the steak sandwich with everything on it.  I ate most of it and wasn't even that hungry to begin with.  Definitely needed salt/pepper and the hot sauce they had.  When you add potatoes to a sandwich it tends to make it taste bland unless you have a killer sauce.  The sandwich could feed most people for two meals and it's only $7..great value.  23 oz miller lite was only $4..also so cheap.  We enjoyed sitting at the bar and watching the head cook make quick work of 100+ sandwiches.  These people got the routine down pat.  I would definitely eat it again and appreciate the history of the place.
3	The restaurant did their level best to make it up to me, so here's another star for giving a damn. Thanks!
2	Definitely didn't live up to the expectations.  Being from the east coast I've had my fair share of delicious sandwiches.  Stopped in for lunch and had the capicola sandwich.  Outside of the bread I can't say it was memorable in any way.That said I could see this as a post night out stop and would probably enjoy it a lot more.
2	Well, now I know why people don't usually put french fries in their sandwiches. Sandwich comes out huge and kind of dry, and you can't taste the meat at all.
3	Had the second best seller which was really good.   A nice carb coma from the italian bread and fries.  A great mix of salty from the meat and those aforementioned fries with the sweet from the slaw!  The service was good so why only three stars?  Well, when your choice was seeing the stories on their televisions about our enemy murdering defenseless journalists or some show about naked people living off the land...kind of stifles the appetite and not appropriate for even the most casual of dining!   I would have expected better from the hipsters running the joint.
3	This was a fun sandwich as I was visiting Pittsburgh. It was neat to hear the origin that truck drivers just wanted their cole slaw & fries slapped in with the sandwich so they could eat it on the go. I appreciate the concept & it's worth a try but I don't need to come back. I liked fat heads more.
4	Was in town on a baseball stadium tour and heard about this place from the locals.I enjoyed my sandwiches and was hooked with the special slaw added to the sandwiches.I was also in luck once we caught the pirates game I noticed they had primantis in the park so I ordered another sandwich.
3	The beer selection is limited to what you might find in convince store (in states where this is possible. Sandwiches are Pittsburgh landmarks though and the food is good but nothing truly special. Great place to hang with friends, catch a game and chow down.
2	customer service is always nice but dont you all think that this place is little over-rated? Their 'Almost Famous Sandwitches' need some hard work to get famous. Basically, this place is like Dr. Pepper soda. People are crazy about it but that thing tastes extremely ridiculous.
4	Well I can say I came to Pittsburgh and finally tried the famous sandwich. Oh yes I was in carb coma, but it was so enjoyable. But I have no guilt for eating a whole sandwich by myself. I did wash it down with an ice cold beer. If you are in Pittsburgh like the Food Channel said you have to visit this establishment.  Now I have to be on a diet :-)
3	We decided to stop by Primanti brothers after hearing all the hype from everyone. We were already primed with the fact that their sandwiches are stuffed with fries so we decided to just share one sandwich. And holy moley was it colossal (well we DID get the colossal fish and cheese). We ended up taking most of the fries out because it got too heavy and filling. The coleslaw in the sandwich was pretty good-- not a huge amount of mayo which is what I like. However, even finishing half the sandwich was a huge battle for me. Toward the end, it wasn't pleasant at all because it was just way too filling.
4	I go to Point Park so this Primanti's is a staple for me and my friends. We go here probably 4 or 5 times a semester - always in groups of at least 4 and often more. The food is so great it's hard to care about anything else. I usually get the capicola with an egg, or pastrami with an egg. I have realized recently that the service is getting worse and worse (last time I went there I wasn't able to get a refill on my drink because our server never even came by our table after he served our food). Also, I was super upset that you were completely out of malt vinegar for my sandwich. Other than that, it's always great.
3	So people rave about this place, and there are many of them now around Pittsburgh. You get exactly what you think you are getting, no frills just good old meat and carbs. It's  fun, you can sit outside in market square, the wait staff are friendly, you can people watch and fill up on a sandwich that you have to dislocate your jaw to eat, filled with fries and coleslaw. This place is iconic, give it a try, it's not gourmet, but sometimes you just want simple.
5	Best thing i had in Pittsburgh. My food was hot and quick. The beer was cold and there  was plenty of it. I ate and watched the steelers game. Very nice staff. Definitely stop by again next time i am in town.
4	Good quality is good. It's a unique experience for sure. I highly recommend it. Tonight while eating sat right next to a Steelers player. So yes it is a great hang out. When going seat yourself. Order some great grub and enjoy yourself. This is a Pittsburgh must.
4	The sandwiches are giant, the atmosphere is good. I was there while the Steelers were on, so it was festive.I agree they are a little dry...so get hot sauce, or ask for some mayo or ranch, ect...And it was quite warm in there.
2	I knew that once we hit Pittsburgh, we HAD to try Primanti Bros. Everybody AND their bro had been raving about it and I just had to give it a taste for myself. Unfortunately...my taste did me no great feat. I ordered the Capicola and Cheese from a waitress who would have rather thrown a sandwich in my face than take my order...no joke: service=terrible. HOWEVER, I was willing to give them a pass seeing as it was the day of a Steelers home game and that place was PACKKKKED. (I've done my fair share of service work and I know days like that can be a real bitch) Moving along...after I ordered for myself and my handsome ginger sidekick, I was oozing with excitement to get my butt in a seat and chow down on this sandwich I had heard about all weekend! Fast Forward THIRTY. MINUTES. LATER. We get our food.Ok, I get it, your busy. But let me reiterate here: FOUR tables were served before we were. And we only got two sandwiches. Insert pissed emoji here. So, after all was said and done, my sandwich was just ok. Nothing to write home about. The service blew it for me. And I was so pumped too. Damn.
4	Service was excellent! There girls work together so well and is like a welcome committee to the city!! Parking was a bit tricky because of some construction in the square, cool area tho. Food - odd the way they put things together, you would think it would taste nasty but actually it's awesome... slaw, fries and all!!
5	Today was the day we finally got to try this place!I was in the mood for a cheesesteak and the waitress suggested an angus sandwich.  While it was different from a cheesesteak that im used to, it was definitely delicious! However I would get the coleslaw on the side next time.  She suggested a Cajun chicken sandwich for my husband  (because he said he liked a little spice) he absolutely loved it! we washed it all down with a local IPA.All in all great food, definitely worth the visit-- and great service! Our waitress happened to be from Harrisburg ( that's where we are from!) so we shared some really great conversation!!
2	I've tried it twice now because if you ever mention you're going to Pittsburgh the first thing you hear is "Oh Man, you HAVE to go to Primanti's".  Sorry, I guess it's just not my thing.  It's not horrible once I take off all the french fries they pile up, but it's definitely not my thing.
3	The sandwiches are interesting and the fries in them are interesting.I don't like fries or potatoey fries, mostly just the crispy ones.The sandwich was good and quick but because I'm not a huge fan of fries it wouldn't make sense for me to go back.It also was super crowded.
2	I don't care for Primanti brothers.  It is overrated.  There are much better sandwiches in the city.The sandwiches aren't bad, they just aren't great.  I like the fries.  I like the vinegar based cole slaw.  Both are great.  The white bread is fine.  My issue is with the main ingredients.  The main ingredients just seem to be lacking in quality.My other issue is their restaurants are all filthy.  I've been to 4 different Primanti locations and each one just seems greasy.Better Pittsburgh Sandwich Alternatives:Fathead's has a sandwich with kielbasa and pierogies.Wingharts has a burger with fries and cole slaw.
3	everyone we knew from pittsburgh told us not to leave the area without trying a sandwich from this place.  So as our last stop before hitting the road, we stopped by here.  It looks like they put fries and coleslaw onto every sandwich. We sat at the bar and watched the cooks make each sandwich and i was in awe of just how much fries they stuff! The guy sitting next to me could tell I was not a local, so he suggested ordering the Capicola to get the true primanti brothers experience.  Whenever possible and if we think it will taste right, we like to order a fried egg on the sandwich. And so, they added that as well. My husband and I decided to share this since the portions are so huge. The sandwich itself was really tasty and yummy and I could see why it is a Pittsburgh favorite. If we are ever in the area again, we will come back to try the other options that they have.
5	If this isn't a true yinzer sandwich, I'm not sure what is. Two slices of thick, soft Italian bread, your choice of meat and cheese, a heaping portion of coleslaw, and a fistful of French fries layered right in. Come hungry!
5	I was on a road trip back east from Ohio and was told there was no way that I could pass through PGH without stopping at Primanti Brothers. Through the best of fortunes, my friend whom I was meeting for lunch works very close to the Market Square location, so we decided to meet there.I was not disappointed...not in the least! Actually, I was surprised at how moist and delicious a sandwich laden down (in the best possible way) with cheese, cold cuts, cole slaw and french fries could be. And the service was great, too - I was worried that not being a local/regular might work against me, but our server was very friendly and helped to make this a great lunch experience. Since I was continuing on my eastward trek, I passed on the Yuengling's and opted for a ginger ale. (I THINK it was a Vernor's...it better had been!) My only wish for Primanti's is that they had more vegetarian options (I know, I know...when in Rome, but my friend is a vegetarian and didn't have much to choose from on the menu). Also, trying to park in Market Square was, for want of a better word...trying. Not the restaurant's problem to solve, but I could imagine that those coming in who aren't on foot would like an easier way to leave their cars behind. Primanti Brothers is definitely worth the trip!
5	The fabled Primanti's sandwich has been a favorite of yinzers from time immemorial. Now that I live in Vegas, Primanti's is a required stop every time I come home.
